B0015519VS|5.0|I would like to say to carolinagirl... thank you soooo much for my order. It was a Christmas present. You have made someone very happy. It arrived today. The ordering, delivering was very speedy. Keep up the good work and I will definitely be doing busy with you in the future. Thank you again.
8170262259|5.0|It's a wonderfully imaginitive story to whet one's appetite for knowledge and exploring.  Spiritually stirring book for teens as well as anyone else who wants to broaden their horizons.
B003L77G6A|5.0|Shipped early, received well ahead of time expected. Exactly what I ordered for a price 1/2 what I found in a retail store. Great Christmas shopping.
0802130208|4.0|Ignatius J. Reilly is certainly one of literature's unforgettable characters, and so are many of the supporting cast of this farcical morality play, written by a writer who committed suicide in his 32nd year, winning the Pulitzer posthumously.<br /><br />Ignatius, a self-proclaimed genius, is lazy, opinionated, hypochondriacal, idealistic, flatulent and sexually scared, content to relieve himself with solo performances in his room. He is unemployed (and unemployable), lives in New Orleans with his harried and broke mother, and has an ambivalent relationship with his radical but sexually frustrated girlfriend, Myrna, who has run away to New York to start her own political movement.<br /><br />On his mother's threat of declaring bankruptcy, Ignatius gets a job at Levy Pants, a derelict garments factory that exploits its employees. Ignatius tries to organize the workers to demand for better working conditions in an event that turns into a nightmare and gets fired. He ends up pushing a hot dog cart around the French Quarter, eating much of the product himself. He is the quintessential messiah for the downtrodden, eager to pick up any cause that will ease their burden. In these days of Occupy Wall Street, his story takes on special significance and reminds us that nothing much has changed in labour relations. Surrounding him in his adventures is a motley cast, the confederacy of dunces: a hapless policeman looking for his first arrest, Mrs. Reilly's new boyfriend who sees a communist around every corner, and the denizens of the Night of Joy, a derelict bar, whose proprietor Lana Lee is selling more than booze. Lana also has a love-hate relationship with her cleaner, Jones, who works for her for peanuts, fearing being arrested as a vagrant if he is out of work. There are also the Levy's, the owners of Levy Pants, locked in their own love-hate relationship, and the ancient Miss Trixie, who is not allowed to retire from Levy Pants for Mrs. Levy believes that will hasten the old lady's physical and mental demise.<br /><br />Ignatius gets into some of the most bizarre situations and the book skirts caricature and contrivance in places - my only criticism. The author brings out the underbelly of New Orleans vividly and humorously, and the accents and prejudices are well displayed. Like a play, the scenes weave together fluidly with secondary characters taking centre stage the moment lead players make their exit.<br /> Certainly, a page-turner if you can stomach a gross, unhygienic and sometimes unsympathetic hero, who has the whole world conspiring against him, including his mother.<br /><br />There is an ending reminiscent of the movie \\"The Graduate.\\" We are left wondering if Ignatius, now re-united with Myrna, and free of the confederacy, will step out of his comfort zone finally and have that one explosive orgasm with her that will restore him to normalcy and retire him from the pages of literature as one heck of an unforgettable guy! We shall never know, for John Kennedy Toole, like Ignatius, made a hurried and unexpected departure from the literary stage, much to our loss.<br /><br />(Shane Joseph's latest novel The Ulysses Man is available as a trade paperback and kindle edition on Amazon)<br />[[ASIN:098695280X The Ulysses Man]] [[ASIN:1897475675 After the Flood]] [[ASIN:1897475446 Fringe Dwellers]] [[ASIN:1412036089 Redemption in Paradise]]ysical and mental demise.     Ignatius gets into some of the most bizarre situations and the book skirts caricature and contrivance in places - my only criticism. The author brings out the underbelly of New Orleans vividly and humorously, and the accents and prejudices are well displayed. Like a play, the scenes weave together fluidly with secondary characters taking centre stage the moment lead players make their exit.   Certainly, a page-turner if you can stomach a gross, unhygienic and sometimes unsympathetic hero, who has the whole world conspiring against him, including his mother.     There is an ending reminiscent of the movie \\"The Graduate.\\" We are left wondering if Ignatius, now re-united with Myrna, and free of the confederacy, will step out of his comfort zone finally and have that one explosive orgasm with her that will restore him to normalcy and retire him from the pages of literature as one heck of an unforgettable guy! We shall never know, for John Kennedy Toole, like Ignatius, made a hurried and unexpected departure from the literary stage, much to our loss.     (Shane Joseph's latest novel The Ulysses Man is available as a trade paperback and kindle edition on Amazon)  [[ASIN:098695280X The Ulysses Man]] [[ASIN:1897475675 After the Flood]] [[ASIN:1897475446 Fringe Dwellers]] [[ASIN:1412036089 Redemption in Paradise]]
B004O3YGMC|5.0|How did I survive without this app?  Works like a charm and does things I once only dreamed of doing.  Get this app - you won't be disappointed!
086571701X|3.0|A friend mentioned aquaponics to me the other day, I had always been interested in hydroponics so I figured I'd check it out... I watched the you tube videos and figured I should buy a book to guide me through the process step by step, I chose this based on the reviews as well as the fact its got step by step in the name. It's not a bad book but I'm a nuts and bolts guy, calling this a step by step guide is a stretch IMHO.
B002Z8IWMS|4.0|The Presentation Secrets of Steve Jobs is an excellent book with a lot of great advice. I highly recommend it. However, the book would be better without the politics - referring to Al Gore as a climate change expert. Yep. And, I'm a brain surgeon - you betcha.  \\"Global warming is undisputed,\\" according to Carmine. Really? Then why do we keep arguing about it? Carmine - you wrote an excellent book, but tainted your credibility by showing your liberal bias. Despite this, I still highly recommend the book.
1423140591|5.0|The book, The Son of Neptune, is the sequel to the book, The Lost Hero. Percy Jackson is back in this new realm of gods that he didn't even know of. When the readers first start out reading, he is running away from medusa's sisters, whom he had killed in the original series, and has only one memory that keeps him driven. The memory of his girlfriend, Annabeth Chase. He doesn't remember where his home is, who his parents are, and where to go. Then when he makes it to a place, where it is the entrance to the Roman Camp for demigods, he makes it through and the kills the two sisters. While his time at the camp he discovers that the camp had lost on of its favorite Half-Blood, Jason (who was in the Lost Hero at the Greece Half-Blood Camp). Also he meets new friends, Frank Zhang, who has a large secret, and Hazel Levesque, who should be dead. As these three people become friends Mars comes with a quest for his son and friends.<br /> The places that they go in this book are California, Canada, and Alaska. When they are in California they meet with a Half-Blood named Phineas and can see the future. They were trying to strike a deal with him by drinking two vials of gorgon blood, one poisonous and one curing. Also when they were there they met with Hylla, sister to Reyna, and she helped them get to Canada quicker. When they were in Canada they met with Frank's grandmother, who was dying. She helps them get out of Canada and onto a plain to Alaska where they were to complete their quest and help save the Roman Camp. In Alaska the three characters killed a giant and helped bring tools to their camp, which was under attack.<br /> The Conflict in all of this was that Percy was trying to regain his memory back the whole entire time and every once in a while he would have flashes of his girlfriend and then loose it as quick as it came. Also Frank was trying to keep himself alive the whole entire time and Hazel was trying to keep her secret and very hidden secret that should never see the light of day. Also the two camps were under attack the entire time and all of the demigods were trying to keep both of the camps alive and running. Finally, the final conflict was that the two camps have to join forces and get over the previously fought battle, in demigod history.the light of day. Also the two camps were under attack the entire time and all of the demigods were trying to keep both of the camps alive and running. Finally, the final conflict was that the two camps have to join forces and get over the previously fought battle, in demigod history.
B003NFM3JK|1.0|When I purchased the above item, I thought I was buying a new product, however, the product has problems and I assume it is used. I will not purchase anything from Amazon  again. I do not need the thye problems that go with  these types of purhases.    Joe Prestileo
B005ER6SNM|4.0|A down on his luck porn star agrees to star in an \\"art\\" film, only to discover he's been drafted into a snuff/child rape/necrophilia film!<br /><br />What more do you need to know? That is pretty much the plot of the film.<br /><br />I actually came upon this film by accident, and decided to check it out. I was totally unaware of what I was venturing into. I've always like oddball/weird films, but this was way out there. I was not offended by the violence or sex... but I was unprepared for the child rape scene, even the scene involving (spoiler alert) the newborn! Yes, I said newborn. Don't worry, they don't show anything, just the thought, and the actors reaction was enough.<br /><br />This film is NOT for everyone, and will offend most people. Check YOUTUBE, to see videos of peoples reaction to the film... It'll give you an idea what they thought, and felt to watching it.<br /><br />There is a 104 minute version, this has 1 minute missing. I actually have the 104 minute version from download. 1 minute is nothing to write home about...<br /><br />Don't say I didn't warn you. Enjoy!
1451648537|3.0|Most of the books I read are true stories and autobiographies and I could not wait to finish this book. As someone in the technology fields for almost 20 years I was curious about Steve Jobs and the roller coaster that was his life.   I felt like the early childhood and death went by too quickly while everything in the middle was drawn out too much. A lot of time was spent on all of Steve's odd quirks. He was obviously a one in a million guy and someone all CEO's should learn from, especially when you watch as many Apple products take off and other companies are content to just get a product to market. Most people who behave as he did would have a very lonely life. By the end of the book he struck me as someone who became successful whether he liked it or not. He wanted to make a good product and hopefully pay the bills. I felt like he was a hippie who accidentally became a billionaire and did not know what to do with it, nor care.  The worst part for me was I hated the guy by the middle of the book. He treated people around him terribly and even ignored his own children until later in life. He had temper tantrums and strange beliefs, some that might have saved his life or at least extended it. I don't see how anyone can walk away from this book with a positive view of Steve Jobs the person. I guess it is what it is. I feel bad even saying it but the author says Steve was aware of what was in the book so I guess he wanted people to know.
B005K17RU0|5.0|It's a keeper! I really appreciate this app and consult it daily! This has replaced my many other weather apps.
B004HW7JMO|3.0|Spartacus \\"Blood and Sand\\" was a violent and vulgar series but was enjoyable because of the charismatic lead Andy Whitfield. His story kept me interested throughout and helped to balance the series. The second series of Spartacus shows how vital a lead can be to a story. Though this story is supposedly a prequel to the prior series, it becomes fairly repetitive and dull in the telling. How many times can you hear \\"Jupiters C..k\\" before you tire of it.   I felt the violence helped to dramatize the story in series one but it just gets repetitive and silly in this new season.   So while \\"Gods of the Arena\\" isn't horrible, it will prove to be a letdown for those who enjoyed the first series. The story feels forced and if you haven't seen the first season, some of the character introductions in this second set will go right over your head.   The creativity simply isn't there and these cable based shows need to be more daring when they expand into multiple seasons. This one seems simply rushed.
B005IZLPMY|4.0|Good  film noirish action movie with excellent cinematography.Captain America has kind of an \\"Indiana Jones\\" type feel to it.I really enjoyed it.
B0057A6GA6|5.0|The changing paths and variations made this just an awesomely fun tower defense game...  I was bummed when I finished all the levels, I was ready for more!
B005UDD1R6|5.0|works as intended, best player, no hassle. surprised nothing came built in but the price is right. converted avid to mp4 and now I have my favorite shows on the go.
1845761502|5.0|for the price, its again a masterpiece...  as stan winston is an icon for me, with that book i'm able to learn about his entirely life.... all the things he made, every little projects he worked on...  many pictures with many stuff about it...  a truly book for people who want to learn about his biggest creation... alien, predator, terminator, jurassic park etc... i honestly reccomand this book for people who enjoy his creation.  Stan winston will remains the best forever because he always enjoy his work and loved it....instead of doing it for $ as many others
0307593312|3.0|I agree with the rest of the reviewers, or at least some of them, that the author has lost his way a little with this one. It is not engrossing as the earlier books, and not the place for new readers to start. But it is still worth trying
B000002I97|5.0|Great cd, fast service.  I actually bought it for one song, and ended up enjoying the whole cd; well worth the price.
B006IVBSBU|1.0|The cast of this film seemed impressive.  I thought it perhaps was not just another end of the world type film.  After seeing the first 10 minutes I was suspecting this to be about a needless global disaster caused by either the military industrial complex, evil conservative government, global warming, or the other usual suspects in the land of Hollywood fantasy.  If only we had not driven all those SUV's, etc.  Without giving the end of the movie away, after suffering through the entire affair (which I spread over three nights as kept losing interest)I found I was...exactly right!  The political hit is delivered at the end, for those who actually last that long!<br /><br />Avoid this unless you think that these types of fantasies are true.  Sadly, Matt Damon is best in action movies, not those that try to make a far fetched political claim with no science to support it...
B005TQAI6G|4.0|I've been a fan of Britney for years now, and while I agree that Live From Las Vegas was her best recorded concert to date.  Yet, this one is really entertaining and worth watching.  I also agree with the other reviewers about covering her live vocals, that took greatly from enjoying the whole concert experience because we only get to listen to snippets from her live vocals while the recorded tracks dominated the stage.  The visuals and choreography were really beautiful.  All in all an enjoyable concert that's worth addition.
B003F5NSTW|4.0|The narrator is not a very nice character. She is whiny and self-absorbed and selfish, and it is hard to see why she married quite such a stupid guy. All the same, this is tremendous on the agonies of parenting.
B002N4DZ2G|1.0|This \\"Don Giovanni\\" is one of the great recordings of all time, and in the opinion of many, including myself, the greatest \\"Don Giovanni\\" on disc.  Unfortunately, EMI has trashed this great recording with its atrocious \\"remastering.\\"  Someone at EMI obviously has decided that the one thing that listeners just cannot put up with is tape hiss; so, tape hiss on the original (1960) tapes has been filtered out.  Unfortunately, in doing so, a good deal of the high frequencies on the recording have also been filtered out.  The result is a sonically dull recording that sounds like it is being played through a thick blanket.  This release is a sonic travesty.  Avoid it at all costs.
B004OZOTSQ|5.0|I got this as the \\"free app of the day\\" a while back, and I am admittedly a FAOTD hoarder.  I decided to give it a try after rooting my Nook Color and it was a cinch to move all of the media from my computer to the device's SD card over the network.  Dead simple like it should be!  Someone pay this guy!
1439102813|5.0|My book purchase was easy, it came within a few days as promised.  The condition was excellent! The price was awesome.  Thank you!!
B005TZFZJC|5.0|I just bought it, Rihanna's new album Talk That Talk is pretty good. My all time favorite songs from her new album is You Da One, We Found Love, Cockiness (Love it), Birthday Cake, and Red Lipstick. The rest of her songs are just pretty good. So her hit song with Calvin Harris \\"We Found Love\\" is the song of the year (in my opinion). Buy this album. It's pretty good. :)
B004FOA84A|4.0|this was a really fun game while it lasted, but it was just way too short.  the second time I played it I beat the whole thing in 30 minutes
B001P1FZDK|5.0|Where do I even begin?  I purchased this album in my Senior year of college during the Springtime (this was 2009).  As it is now 2011 (almost 2012), lots has happened in those short two years to me personally.  For one, I graduated college, tried magic mushrooms (a few times), moved cities, switched careers twice, and went through some interesting musical choices.  It has only been 2 years, but earlier today I was running listening to Guys Eyes, and I still love that track.  I love all the tracks on this record, it's fantastic.  I'm not going to give you a track by track breakdown, just know if you listen with an open mind you will find yourself enchanted on some level (or so i believe).    I know myself well enough to say this will stand the test of time as an important record for me personally.  I can honestly say that about very few bands, Dylan, Beatles, Hendrix, Neil Young, Rolling Stones, Smashing Pumpkins -- these bands are definitely on my list.  I think Animal Collective will actually join those ranks for me.  They definitely present a different style but they also present a sonic experience that I've never experienced.  This is the album is the reason for that.  There are enough forms of technology to help you listen to this independent of my critique.  I suggest you take a listen and explore the music.  You'll be glad you did.
B001N1DPDE|3.0|Bought this knife after reading some nice reviews. Wont be able to truly use the knife until the weather warms. Knife seems heavy duty although not very sharp out of the box.  Now for the box... the box it was mailed in arrived perfect. After I opened that I found that the box the knife was in from KaBar looked like it was stepped on before it was mailed to me. One end was crushed. Weird since it was inside of another box for mailing.  The knife was fine. Opened the package with the sheath and noticed that the belt loop that should be held on with four screws, was only held on by three on mine. Not happy about that.  Poor quality control has me alittle dissapointed, but I will sharpen the knife and find a screw to secure the belt loop, and hope I have no real issues with the knife when I get to use it.
1419702238|4.0|i got this for my son for his birthday and he read the whole book that day.  he has all the wimpy kids books, but one, and that was lost.  he wants them as soon as they come out or wants them preordered.  he is 11 years old and they are all appropriate for that age.
1451629184|5.0|My husband had ordered the book & I also read it.  Miraculously ability to reenter life and continue by means of road of recovery.
B005AUWXZ0|5.0|I had previously purchased this DVD for my Grandson and we had both seen it at the movies.  So when my God child wanted it, did not hesitate to purchase it for her Christmas gift.
B006BDHAX0|4.0|Enjoyed the free version of this app, so what the heck, I'll spring for the paid version.  A mistake.  There are more individual games on paid version but does not work as well as free version.  Stars are awarded after each game.  Unfortunately the star rating does not transfer to the game selection screen as in the free version.  Email to Ensadasoft has gone unanswered.  Fortunately this is the not first or worst $1.00 I've wasted in my life (or this week), but is a bit frustrating.  Dec 19 - Went back to app and there was an update to this app.  Scoring now records.  Still miffed no email from Ensadena software. Thus four rating.
B003VANOFY|4.0|It comes in a type of package that you might find off a shelf at walmart. With plastic protecting the headphones, which I was skeptical about. Everything you need is included, you don't need to download a thing, unless you don't have an optical drive. The cd driver install, and software install can be done fast and easily.<br /><br />If your getting this product for leisure, or business, your fine with this headset. Everything you need out of it is perfect for you. The mic is crystal clear and the sound can be adjusted down to a hair.<br /><br />If your into gaming, or music production, like myself, you run into a few problems. The surround sound on these headphones are very noticeable and can be easily be adjusted with the software included. BUT- The Bass on these headphones is terrible. I can adjust the bass to whatever level, and treble, and it will not co-operate. Even messing around with an EQ did not fix it.<br /><br />If your playing a game with wind blowing, or a sword hitting a shield, or a sniper taking a shot, the bass is fine, and you might not notice it. But if you are in an area of .. let's say getting attacked with loud explosives, or for example, a dragon attacks in Skyrim(it is very loud and requires alot of lows)Your bass will become very choppy, and terrible to listen to.<br /><br />For music producers, or music fanatics, your pretty much screwed. Personally, listening to death metal, the fast bass drum sounds and low vocals and guitar riffs can really mesh your music together into a messy blob. I was really unhappy with dubstep and DnB playback. The bass is terrible, and the restrictions are evident on the bass. You can only listen to dubstep at a certain sound level, and no more. Disappointing.<br /><br />To sum up, these are a great pair of headphones. The mic is crystal clear, and surround sound very good. But the bass lacks. Playing dubstep loudly can quite possibly ruin your pair. My pair of JVC marshmellow ear buds (19 dollars) can outperform these headphones with bass.<br /><br />8/10
B004WOS3P4|3.0|First - big Cook fan. Second - another good album. My issue with and his last, is that they seem so over-produced. David has such an awesome voice. Seems like it is too often buried in overdubs and drown in instrumentation. Wish we could get a David raw, some acoustic variety. Think Bryan Adams Bare Bones (great album). Somewhere between acoustic and where the last couple of albums landed. Such a fan of his voice - wish the albums were more minimalistic to showcase this virtue. David if your reading: Big fan - so are wife and kids. Rooted for you every night on Idol. You totally nailed 'Time of my Life' at the end. Give us something like \\"Hello\\" or \\"Always be my Baby\\". Not every song is an anthem. See you next time you land in Minneapolis.
B002PMV9FG|5.0|Great picture and lots of fun for the imagination.  Came on time and in great shape.  Pleased with the whole process.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great game! I love the hints, different cardbacks and winning deals! I have no problem using this game! I play it all the time!
B00076RT24|5.0|I was very satisfied with this order. I ordered it on a Thursday and got it the very next Monday. It was packaged securely and looks just as described.
B004SBX112|2.0|Early on I loved this game.  I still love the origional and Rio, but the idiotic wifi requirements and occasional video ads (which have sound when the rest of the app does not, WTF!) make me wonder what kind of crack Rovio is smoking.  If you feel you are expending too much effort to maintain the game as free, then release addon packs or market seasons separately or something.  Don't mark an app as ad-free then put in the worst kind of ads.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|Easy to repeat over and over for the Harry Potter pictures.  Loved it, and the film arrived on time and in great shape.  Ordering from Amazon is easy and they stand by their products.
0439023521|5.0|The Hunger Games was a very exciting book, and I really liked the fact that its a \\"young adult\\" classified book, but it can be enjoyable to any age group. Its a real action packed romance novel and my favorite thing about it is the way Collins describes the action scenes. This is what makes the book so entertaining and enjoyable to read. The story is in first person and follows Katniss Everdeen throughout the Hunger Games, which were not really games at all. Children ages twelve to eighteen were randomly chosen from each of the \\"districts\\" and were placed in an arena and forced to kill one another. It has a dark mood throughout the story and there is a lot of death and devastation. The fights are very bloody and exciting and Katniss, the main character, is often faced with death. In general, I would say that I really do like this book. Like I said, its very entertaining and an easy read. I would also say that I agree with the main theme of the Hunger Games. There is an oppressive government in control in the book, and Katniss has to outsmart the people who create the games (the game-makers) as well as the government to show the public just how cruel they are all treated. Specifically, as I mentioned before, my favorite thing about the book is the action scenes. They are described so perfectly and they are easy to imagine. This helps a great deal with people who can't focus on reading a book. It really grabs your attention and makes you want to read more and more. Collins did a wonderful job with this book and many people would agree with that. The Hunger Games trilogy has had a lot of success because of this. There isn't anything I would change or anything to improve about this book. I think it is a great book all around for studying or reading for fun.
0345529057|5.0|I loved the books. and this is a great price for them. Mine havent fallen apart. They are very intact and well taken care of.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Right up there with Plants vs Zombies and Angry Birds. Finish at least Box 1; then you'll be hooked... In a good way.
B005Y423ZC|5.0|Adele cancelled 2 of her scheduled appearances in my city due to her highly publicized throat problems and I was dying for this concert DVD to be released. I therefore literally ripped the package open when it arrived in the mail a couple of weeks ago and I was not disappointed. Unlike other concert DVD that are filled with tons of junk and high drama instead of focusing on the artist; this concert DVD focuses on the reason why I purchased this DVD to begin with... The mighty Adele. I felt like I was hanging out with a gal pal as she tells all types of funny, crazy, heartwarming stories about most of her songs and not many artists open up like that. She also does lots of nice things to and with the audience that makes you love her even more. I appreciated the fact that I could get lost in her voice without having the constant reminder that she has background singers. Many of the artists today depend on their background singers as they are not that great but not Adele; she is simply fantastic! Then there is the laugh! oh my gosh! she has this infectious roaring laugh especially when she tells stories to the audience and you want to laugh right along with her. She almost cannot believe that she is actually at the Royal Albert Hall and there is some adult language involved with that. Nothing too drastic, just a few F bombs here and there and I loved it! Her renditions of a few songs are the best I have ever heard and she did those songs justice. She also takes you on a journey behind the scenes, rollers in her hair, no make up, making her morning cup of tea, her sweet little dog and I loved that a lot. I think the best is yet to come from this gifted singer and this concert DVD is one that you will want to watch over and over again without getting sick of it. I also loved the fact that the entire concert is also on a CD which has been blaring my car. This was money well spent. LOVE IT!
1439192812|5.0|I have read and thoroughly enjoyed all of the books by Richard Dawkins.  This book is addressed to anyone and does not require prior knowledge of any subject. All subjects are explained in language and examples that can be easily understood, something very typical of the writing style of R. Dawkins.  Excellent illustrations on every page related to the text within the page, which makes it even easier to understand for novice science readers.  I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to know more about the truth around us.
B004EPYZQ2|5.0|The blu-ray combo pack of Super 8 is great. The video/audio itself is top-notch and the special features are really neat. AND the digital copy is actually a digital copy and not that UltraViolet bullcrap, so that's a plus. Super 8 is also a great movie, in my opinion. If you don't have a copy of this, I'd get it right away.
0670022705|5.0|This book was a big surprise to me and mades me want to visit the British Museum the next time I go to London.  Neil MacGregor's writing is a joy to read.  It is witty, relevant and compact. As Director of the Museum it is obvious that his history of the world was a labor of love.  The Queen could well have given him the Order of Merit for this work alone.
B004YXE438|5.0|couldn't put this down played with this app and finished all the puzzles in 1 day! love it on my kindle fire.
0743435753|5.0|Another great book in this series. I really enjoy the Harrington series, even if the plot lines aren't really that deep.
B000HIVOI2|4.0|Blu ray transfer was good and movie was captivating. As usual,however, the extended cut was unnecesary.  Why can't directors learn that sometimes more is less and less is more.  I guess some people think if they're getting a few minutes more of the movie, they're getting more for their money.  By that logic, I guess the next horror will be to release all the film that was shot with no editing. Editors work very hard to create movies that don't drag.  If a scene is cut, it usually is because the film was better without it.  I can't think of a \\"director's cut\\" or \\"extended cut\\" that was better--or even as good--as the original theatrical version.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|this is port is to buggy. loved it at first and had very little problems with it until the last levels where it slows down and lagged out... force closing. and now I can't open it at all. time to delete the data and see if that works... again.
B005OKTPKC|5.0|I think this is one of his better novels - finished it in a few days which is good for me!
B001E3AXGS|5.0|I really enjoyed reading this book.  Every part of it was well done, but I have to give Ms. Goodwin a round of applause for the fantastic structure of her narrative.  Many works of this nature skip around chronology willy nilly, and while there are some exceptions to that here, it is not difficult to place events in the timeline. Additionally, I enjoyed tremendously all the tiny anecdotes and stories of everyday life and events throughout, which added a great deal of color and humor to the book.
B005K17RU0|5.0|pretty easy to use and very accurate so far. works very well as long as there is wi-fi available. downloaded it on kindle fire
B002M9WW30|5.0|Very good! Got the DVD in a very quick time didn't expect it that fast very awesome. Five star for sure
B004UXUUJE|5.0|After reading an amazing book I had doubts about the movie but I was not disappointed.  This is a story about how the French dealt with the Jewish problem during the ravages of WW II.  There has not been a great deal written or revealed about how the French acted so I was especially curious because I always thought the horrors were driven by the Germans pretty much.  They forced their will onto other countries who didn't want to cooperate with the elimination of the Jews.  However, there was a large portion of the French police and population who were equally as atrocious as were the Germans themselves.  This isn't a gory, bloody movie.  Many of the scenes you would anticipate being difficult to watch are but the degree of reality is sensored somewhat.  What happens is left to the imagination rather than being portrayed in full blown horror.  The story deals in flashback but essentially it devotes a major portion to what happens AFTER the critical events.  It's a study in relationships and how the past has an intriguing way of penetrating the present.  Kristin Scott Thomas holds the entire story line together with her capable interpretation and illuminates the story. There are really no surprises but the details unfold to underscore how easily lives from different generations affect each other.  I had read the book a couple years ago and had forgotten some of the minor characters.  As in many Hollywood renditions I do think a few liberties were taken in order for the story to fall into place but it is very well done.  If you have ever watched a movie and when the end is reached you feel a sense of satisfaction then this film qualifies.  The story is a sad one but there is a sort of redemption of sorts not to whitewash the impact but to reassure.  I have always found the Holocaust impossible to imagine but it happened. This movie is the kind that reflects man's inhumanity to man but it concludes in a bit of triumph rather than complete devastation. On the proverbialscale of 1 to 10, \\"Sarah's Key\\" earns a definite 8.
B004EBT5CU|4.0|Rolling In The Deep, Rumor Has it, Turning Tables, Set Fire to the Rain, Someone Like you and my personal favorite I'll Be Waiting are pure magic.<br /><br />One and only and Lovesong(this is a song from the group the Cure-they do it better she does a striped down version dont care for.)<br /><br />Saying that this is a powerful cd that reminds us that the voice matters-not the pop video fluff(Lady Gaga/Kate Perry, etc...)and I like those too but this is bare bones striped of all hooks and you can focus on those chops of her, which are wonderful.  And just becasue you are not a size zero-you can make it ladies. Ladies if you have something to say, say it and dont look back. No matter how you look you are beautiful!<br /><br />Looking forward to her future songs- will be watching her career-she deserves the Grammys-I will have my fingers crossed for her to win them all.
B0009P5YXO|4.0|It's so cool!! I was skeptical about ordering it because of reviews and gut instincts but I went against it all and it came today while I was at work. IT'S AWESOME!! I had no problems with the sound or the functions of the screwdriver. :3 Everything worked perfectly, even the UV pen nib.  It's true that it doesn't sound exactly like it does on the show and I figured out the differences between the two sounds and it's supposed to make a different sound for extended mode and retracted mode but it's just two sounds that loop, whether you extend the screwdriver or not.  It is really light and although it seems really flimsy I don't think it's that bad.  I'm not entirely sure it's worth the price I paid but I know I'll have it for a long time so I guess I have no complaints. :3 It's perfect for fans of the Tenth Doctor.
B004DK5CW4|5.0|The movie can not bring to life  all the facts and I agree this win should have been better portrayed than what it was. It has to be awe inspiring to have watched this horse in real life. The movie did for me what Penny Chenery hoped it would and that is become interested in horse racing and it was and is impressive the gender role Ms. Chenery played to get to where she got. She was impressive also in her conduct, her beliefs and her stamina to be a winner. There are bias's for women in most fields and she did not allow that to stop her. She knew and had faith in her horses and from that standpoint the movie succeeds at getting that across to the audience or at least to me. I have always had a love for horses and this horse was know matter how you slice it ... phenominal and the movie succeeds at bringing that to the screen as well. What a beautiful animal, what a wonderful story even if it is not 100% accurate in detail. It is well worth your time to watch it and enjoy it. For those who know the real ins and outs of the story; how lucky you are to have witnessed it firsthand.
B005HSL626|5.0|highly entertaining. I've played this on an iPhone, an iTouch, and a Fire, and it works great! Shame its rating is only three stars because of the ad thing..to be honest i dont even get why everyones making such a bigdeal out of it. the ads arent even that big and u can always skip them or turn your wi-fi off.
B000002UA9|4.0|First, the 4-Star rating is because even if you were a Beatles fan as I was when they emerged in this country (on the Ed Sullivan Show) in 1964, today their music will not please you as much.  I'm happy for those who can take such pleasure in their music that they feel it merits a 5-star rating.  I wanted this disk primarily for \\"I Saw Her Standing There\\" and \\"Do You Want To Know a Secret?\\" a personal favorite and in my opinion an under-appreciated early gem.  I am putting together several collections of mostly upbeat and uptempo tunes to play during various gatherings, intended to be more prominent than mere background music but to be played at a volume that nonetheless enables conversation without shouting.  I first bought the \\"fake stereo\\" recording (meaning that all the voice is on one channel with all the instrumentation on the other).  When listening to \\"Do You Want To Know a Secret?\\" the stereo recording seems to have a sharp-edged presence that is uncomfortable or even slightly painful to the ears (I still have pretty good hearing).  Finding a used mono disk for $1.83 plus shipping, I concluded that the mono recording does have adequate depth, without the overly-intrusive and perhaps over-enhanced presence of the fake stereo version.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Its angry birds, what else can I say.  This is a fun and addicting game.  My whole family LOVES it
B003777QYQ|5.0|i actually read this book as an asignment for english class. its a really good book and would recomendit to anyone who is willing to improve their writing skills. not to mension the mini memoir, it was funny and i really enjoyed it. over all this book is worth every penny.
B0025KW29U|5.0|I heard this was good, but it was even better than expected. What fun! I hope they make this into a feature length film ... but I can even see this as a TV series.
0312576463|5.0|If you are one who criticized this book because it has unlikable characters, I think I understand what kind of reader you are.  You want to identify with these characters and experience what they do and feel enriched, exhilarated, and happy for it.  In other words, entertained through escape to a happier or funnier world. But if you desire a more thoughtful experience of understanding the complicated, unfair, ironic real  world we actually live in, then Freedom should be more to your liking.  This book deals with our post war culture where many fled to the suburbs, thinking they would have the house, the yard, the steady job, the perfect husband, the ideal kids, and along with all that, perfect happiness.  But what happened? Divorce, friction with neighbors, bratty kids who take drugs, a lot of social change but of the ugly variety. Right in the midst of widespread prosperity, we find ourselves longing for what we can't have and inflicting pain on those we really love. So this novel is realism and it's about understanding where we went wrong. The book is funny, but it's that truly modern form of humor: irony. In my opinion, irony is the modern sensibility and for a novel to lack it makes it seem old-fashioned and preachy. It's that knowing sense of the double nature of life where all you can do when you understand is laugh ruefully.  So we have characters who are like us--not perfect, unsatisfied even though they have too much, basically decent, more or less honest, but pushing the boundaries and wanting more until at last they understand how much pain they have dealt out to others.  Here's Patty who has a perfectly decent husband, but because he is so decent he's on the boring side.  The one she really longs for is his best friend, Richard, a rock musician with the morals of a flea and no real ability to love, but is exciting. So believing that they are free to pursue all their small desires, much harm is done. Thinking their children should be free to pursue all their desires, the parents indulge them to an extreme, with not very happy consequences.  The journeys of the characters to learn and understand their own roles in their unhappiness are told with much compassion and understanding on the part of the author. Strong emotions are generated by the end of the book. Fortunately, the characters are capable of change. They are like the birds that Walt tries to save--endangered but worth saving as they  symbolize natural beauty in a world that has much ugliness and loss.   Total freedom is an illusion if you care about others and about the natural world.
B003ZD9DUC|5.0|What a beautiful picture than I thought before buying this. No computer image, no sfx, natural good old film. I love this film.
B004LWZW4W|5.0|I totally loved this movie!!! It was the very best!!! I would recommend it to all my friends and family. :)
B002ZG981E|5.0|This movie had me thinking from the beginning! It took a little bit of effort to follow along, but that kept me interested the entire movie.
1400069181|5.0|It's great for anyone who is just interested in a good story, like Blake and the TOMS story or Scott Harrison and charity:water.  These stories alone are inspiring!  But it's also an amazing tool with tons of insight on how to turn an idea into a movement.  Blake guides you through the process of how TOMS came to be with tips and how to's at every turn.  The experiences he shares are relatable (and funny!)  He proves that anybody really can start something that matters as long as you are passionate - and with this book, you don't have to do it alone!
B005H0IW6W|2.0|This product looked really nice in the picture, however, it is sort of cheap looking in reality.  Also, the pendant appears much smaller in the picture.  It is almost too big for the necklace. Did not like.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I have to say I loved this book. When I first started reading it, I knew nothing about it, I honestly thought it was going to be a zombie book.  I was pleasantly surprised. I loved the characters and the story.  Katniss and Peeta are true heroes. I can't wait to read the rest of the series.  No wonder its been at the top of the best seller list for so long!
0142001104|5.0|If you want to know another state of mind, or say another level of consiousness, just have a look at it..This book is not just a theory, it is not discovering yourself,it is creating a new you through simple practices.
B0063IH60K|5.0|As advertised, it's solitare. Runs smoothly and kills too much free time once you start playing. Gives the opportunity to play &quot;real Vegas&quot; style.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|it is a fun game would like to get hints more often than every 12 hours. kids also like it.
B002GHIPYI|2.0|I got these to replace my ATH-55's, which I had bought for $45, so a similar price range, because I needed a set of headphones that were suited to a larger head.  I found the headphones even more uncomfortable than my ATH-55's, and the sound quality is significantly worse, I did not do a full burn in, but, it was a drastic difference.  Sound quality: Bass is good, mid and highs are very tinny, I give it 2 stars.  Comfort: The type of pleather used breathes even less well than normal pleather.  If you have a larger head, while the top strap adjusts somewhat, your ears will end up banging the top of the cans.  I give it 2 stars  Build quality: Seems solid, I don't see easy to break joints, which was a problem in one of my favorite headphones.  The earpads are however an unusually unbreathable form of pleather.  Of course, this is a common issue with pleather, but I have never actually experienced it before myself with past pleather headbands (I have short hair), but felt heat/sweat forming within 15 minutes with these.  I give it 3 stars.  I may just have to break the bank and get another pair of ATH-A700s, despite their less than desirable build quality (they break fairly easily), I really haven't found anything else that provides me pain-free listening for hours for me.
B00288KNL8|5.0|This is one of my daughter's favorite movies. A Nightmare Before Christmas is her first choice and Coraline comes in second. She loves any movie made by Tim Burton!!
B0050DZN4K|5.0|I have tried every iteration of this app except the ipad and it makes me enjoy my favorite news without the anxiety of seeing how many stories I haven't read. The variety of displays and quick switching topic to topic is great. My kindle fire was not getting much use without it!
B002LFPAUC|5.0|Thank you for the dvd. This is a perfect xmas gift for my parents. I love this show and I know they will.
B001JRB16U|5.0|We have enjoyed this immensely.  Continues to delight us every time we watch it.
B003Y5H4Y8|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed \\"The Debt.\\" The acting and the storytelling are fantastic throughout.   The movie tells two separate stories: The first = a trio of young Isreali secret agents who set out to bring back a notorious Nazi war criminal to stand trial for his crimes. The movie does an excellent job at showing these young 20-somethings as youngsters put into a situation that grown adults would struggle with, including a romantic triangle that adds to the overall emotional impact of the movie.   The second story = these same three Isreali agents 30 years later, dealing with the terrible ramifications of that very mission. As the two stories go back and forth, two mysteries unfold at the same time: what went wrong 30 years ago and how to deal with the consequences today.   There is not a lot of action in the movie, but when there is it can be pretty heavy. It's mostly a psychological thriller- particularly when the master manipulating Nazi attempts to turn the three young agents against one another.   If you like movies that are driven more by story and plot as opposed to action, The Debt is a very smart, very gripping thriller that gradually builds suspense as the film plays out. A terrific film that looks terrific in hi-def.
0670022950|5.0|I loved this book so much that I bought it in both hard cover and audiobook form.  The last author I read who so impressed me with his breadth of knowledge was Daniel Boorstin in his fantastic book, The Discoverers.  As a statistician and economist I most enjoyed seeing how the things I knew fit into this marvelous tapestry of coverage on the decline of violence.  I enjoyed hearing how paleontology, sociology, political philosophy, and neurophysiology contributed to the explanation of why this amazing, and surprising decline in violence has occurred.  I recommend it to anyone who would like to see their own specialty interwoven with many others in a very important subject.
B005HSG3TC|4.0|I like it for what it is. For one it is not $500. But what it is, is a small 7in e-reader that does movies and browses the web. It's just what I wanted it to do.    Can it be better? Yes. Software updates will be out soon and maybe even an updated model. But just like Apple, Amazon's product is of good quality for the first offering and I'm sure will improve over time.  Thank You Amazon for stepping up and entering the table market. A serious contender for the people who don't want or really need an Ipad.
0061537969|5.0|I couldn't put this book down, in fact, I read it cover to cover in one evening. Garth Stein's approach to writing this book from the dog's view was a brilliant approach. As a dog lover, I found it most interesting to consider life from how a dog might view human situations and challenges. This book had me laughing, crying and reflecting upon my own life. Embedded throughout the book were lessons of hope, understanding, balance, patience, and unconditional love. a powerful read from cover to cover.<br /><br />Charmaine Hammond<br />Author, On Toby's Terms
1451627289|5.0|King is one of the few prolific writers out there who never fails to entertain, whatever the genre.  A very good read.
B000QFW7UA|5.0|I have had a copy of this movie (store bought) that was a factory defect. I have not seen the movie in stores anywhere, not even second hand. I saw it in a suggestion and clicked it. i have always loved this movie since it came out but not being able to watch it was like living in waterworld and owning a car..... very pointless. It was VERY reasonably priced, and had a lot of extras even a game. The first moment I got it, i pulled back the wrapping and placed it in my Blu-Ray player, and played it a couple of times. My kids loved it, and even played the game that came with it. We took sorry out of game nights and added the goonied board game. I am very satistfied with my purchase. Thank You
0547338023|1.0|I ordered this book for my granddaughter.  I wanted a hard bound deluxe type for a gift for her.  This story is precious in it's original rendering and I didn't see how it could be a bad thing to have one illustrated by someone else.  Well DON'T BUY THIS BOOK if you want the same thing I wanted.  ALL THE CHARM IS GONE GONE GONE!  This is nothing but a hardbound COMIC BOOK.  The words are all in comic book bubbles over shiny drawings that do nothing but detract from the story!  I am SENDING IT BACK!! Immediately
B003VANOFY|5.0|The best headset I have ever owned. I really enjoy the cordless and it's built very well. Amazon was great.
B005HSG3U6|5.0|I love this cover because it stays on the Kindle Fire and doesn't interfere with its use. It fits snugly and is not bulky. The flexible side is easy to fold back and secures with the elastic if you're not using it as a stand. I did drop the Kindle on a tiled floor, and the cover protected it. I'm not the most organized person in the world, but I've never had to look for my cover because it's always with my Fire. I had a sleeve with my previous Kindle, and I'd much rather have this cover.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I haven't tried any other cases for the Kindle Fire, but this one is pretty good. It snaps into place, adds very little bulk, has an elastic band so it stays opened or closed securely, and actually looks pretty good.
B004FGMDOQ|4.0|I have to admit, what I read and what I expected were two very different things.  I expected a sort of Harry Potter meets Charlie Bone type young adult book filled with action and fantasy and magic, and while that was true to some extent, this book is very different from the others out there...at the risk of sounded cliche...it's \\"peculiar\\".  The book revolves around some antique pictures of the freak show variety and they are scattered throughout the book in order to make things a little more clear.  While this was a great idea and did a lot to add to the authenticity of the characters, it did not work out so well on the kindle, even my color kindle fire seemed to lose something when these pictures were put on a screen,  I think this is the kind of book you should pick up a hard copy of if you're really interested.<br /><br />Pictures aside the story was very intriguing, while also very familiar.  Jacob hears stories from his grandfather about a strange and fantastic world where everyone has peculiar powers and the world is being attacked by monsters.  As Jacob grows up he and his parents are convinced these stories are simply his grandfather's way of dealing with the fact he was born a Jew in Poland during WWII.  As Jacob continues to grow he takes on the \\"outsider\\" role, with few friends and never quite fitting in until, surprise, he finds out there really is a home for peculiar children and he's one of them.<br /><br />I expected a lot more action out of this book than there was, although it did pick up close to the very end.  The majority of this book is spent explaining the world of the peculiars and developing the characters (which Riggs does very well).  This is an excellently written book, and Riggs creates a very intriguing world I enjoyed being a part of, but the actual meat of the story doesn't really start for awhile, and I was a little disappointed with how slowly it seemed to pick up.  It also ended out of nowhere, so I'm assuming there will be at least one other book to follow up and continue the story (and that one , I hope, will have a little more action and be faster paced as all the scene setting should be about done).<br /><br />This was a very enjoyable book, although more of a `young adult' read than anything else it has been classified as.  It was called a horror novel for awhile, and if classifying it by that genre it was very disappointing.  There is nothing \\"horrific\\" about it, the villains are unsettling, but it lacks the suspense and scare factor of a true horror novel.  Nothing about it made me want to sleep with the light on.  It is much better when you think of it as a fantasy/adventure novel, and it lives up to the expectations of that genre.<br /><br />If this book was supposed to stand on its own I think I would have walked away from it a little disappointed, but knowing that it has been set up for a sequel somehow makes it more enjoyable.  I'm looking forward to Riggs's second book and can't wait to go back into the world of the peculiars and see what happens next.follow up and continue the story (and that one , I hope, will have a little more action and be faster paced as all the scene setting should be about done).  This was a very enjoyable book, although more of a `young adult' read than anything else it has been classified as.  It was called a horror novel for awhile, and if classifying it by that genre it was very disappointing.  There is nothing \\"horrific\\" about it, the villains are unsettling, but it lacks the suspense and scare factor of a true horror novel.  Nothing about it made me want to sleep with the light on.  It is much better when you think of it as a fantasy/adventure novel, and it lives up to the expectations of that genre.  If this book was supposed to stand on its own I think I would have walked away from it a little disappointed, but knowing that it has been set up for a sequel somehow makes it more enjoyable.  I'm looking forward to Riggs's second book and can't wait to go back into the world of the peculiars and see what happens next.
0061537969|4.0|I really had a good time reading this book. I bought also for our son who loves Formula One racing and dogs. Well written and totally entertaining with great humanity.
1439170916|5.0|This has been so far, the greatest book on cancer that I have read. Not only does it tell a story that intrigues my scientific mind, but it can appeal to anyone outside of the field due to Mukherjee's ability to explain such complicated things as cancer pathways.  Not only is the material vastly interesting, but really what makes me give a 5-star review is Mukherjee's writing. He draws you in from the start with a look at one of his patient's treatment from the outset of the disease, the diagnosis. This same patient is revisited time and time again throughout the course of the book with simple updates on her disease's impression. Stretched out over the 500 pages or so, this gives the definite feeling of the long drawn out battle cancer can be, and it gives the reader a frame of reference.  At first, the casual reader might get bogged down in dates, names, and drugs, but this only extends the notion that this disease, the ultimate of human maladies, is not something that will simply be cured by one person. All of the people mentioned in this text show the collaborative effort that is needed for solving something so intrinsic to humanity.  All in all, an amazing story that needs to be heard by all. Mukherjee perfectly captures the human will and effort, and paints a bit of humanity on cancer, which is still vastly unknown. Well worth reading, I would recommend it to anyone because this disease WILL effect you.
B001EN71CW|5.0|I have seen the Firefly series many times. I decided to upgrade to the Blueray version for an expected improvement in picture quality. I was surprised that there was little to no improvement over the DVD's. If you have the DVD set don't bother upgrading to Blueray. I still gave it 5 stars for the awesome show!
B0042JIL2E|5.0|my friends and i are loving her in the US too!! keep singing you are fantastic! hope to see you live in the US soon!!
B0063IH60K|5.0|This solitaire game is a lot of fun and very addicting game. I would definitely recommend this app to any solitaire players!
B00092ZMDY|5.0|The Eagles Farewell Tour...Live From Melbourne, is (almost) three hours of outstanding music. Every song they sing is a classic.  I have listened to this DVD every day since it arrived at my house.
B0055SWM08|5.0|The levels go by really fast.  Its really easy to learn, and really fantastic to play.  The artwork is also amazing.
B002UDFNNO|5.0|In the early 1930s, Eton-educated George Orwell decided to do a stint of serious slumming in the greatest of European capitals in order to capture and comment on the lives of the poor, and, by extension, the rich. As the title suggests, the author begins in Paris where he scrounges to come up with the few francs necessary to put an ant-infested roof over his head. He doesn't wash (he can't afford soap), he survives on gulps of vin ordinaire and crusts of stale bread. At one point, he goes without eating for four days. Every morning, he meets Boris, an eccentric, crippled, former Russian soldier, and the two put their heads together to figure out a way to survive. For a long time, they are unsuccessful and things begin to look bleak, though Orwell takes it all in stride. \\"It is a feeling of relief,\\" he writes, \\"almost of pleasure, at knowing yourself at last genuinely down and out. You have talked so often of going to the dogs - and well, here are the dogs, and you have reached them, and you can stand it. It takes off a lot of anxiety.\\"<br /><br />Broke, Orwell manages a job as a plongeur [dishwasher] in the kitchen of a ritzy hotel. This section of the book is fascinating: the trench-warfare-like conditions accorded the staff juxtaposed against the opulence and excesses of the inn's aristocratic patrons. There are not many writers who could describe, essentially, labour for page after page and have you wanting more, but then there are not many writers like Eric Arthur Blair.<br /><br />After Paris, it's back across the channel to London, and this segment is also extremely engaging, if not as bang-in-your-face as the France section. Particularly interesting are the comparisons and contrasts drawn between England and France, as Down and Out is now a historical document. In the heart of England, Orwell mingles with the homeless as he wanders from one spike (charitable shelter) to the next and survives (barely) on his wits and a diet of \\"tea and two slices.\\"<br /><br />The characters he meets and comes to know are absorbing, and the attitudes accorded them by society unfeeling. Orwell concludes that the difference between a beggar and a member of the landed gentry is money, and money only. Rather than the sort of spiritual guidance dished up by the likes of the Salvation Army, or a single night's stay at a spike (the hobos are turned out in the morning), what the destitute really require is a purpose, one Orwell believes the state ought to supply. Tramps' lives are meaningless, though they needn't be, Orwell argues, and goes on to outline proposals, both socialistic and humane. Orwell has become known almost exclusively for his Nineteen Eighty-Four and Animal Farm, a shame, in a way, because Down and Out in Paris and London is nearly as good and surely as relevant. It is, in short, a classic.<br /><br />Troy Parfitt is the author of Why China Will Never Rule the World.mes to know are absorbing, and the attitudes accorded them by society unfeeling. Orwell concludes that the difference between a beggar and a member of the landed gentry is money, and money only. Rather than the sort of spiritual guidance dished up by the likes of the Salvation Army, or a single night's stay at a spike (the hobos are turned out in the morning), what the destitute really require is a purpose, one Orwell believes the state ought to supply. Tramps' lives are meaningless, though they needn't be, Orwell argues, and goes on to outline proposals, both socialistic and humane. Orwell has become known almost exclusively for his Nineteen Eighty-Four and Animal Farm, a shame, in a way, because Down and Out in Paris and London is nearly as good and surely as relevant. It is, in short, a classic.  Troy Parfitt is the author of Why China Will Never Rule the World.
B001S86J2Q|5.0|Most definitely better than the DVD.  Picture looks fantastic.  Sound is very good but not great.  If you love GREASE then you'll want to make sure you pick up the bluray edition.  Love it!
B005K2XM94|4.0|It protects the kindle fire and the kindle fit snugly inside. The quality is quite good for the price. I do not think that it is that heavy however, I think that due to the envelope type flap, it makes the case a bit bulky.  I have carried it with the kindle fire inside around in a medium sized handbag, the two does add some noticeably weight, and bulk, but it is not uncomfortable.  If I had to improve on the design, I would have used a zipper as a form of closing mechanism instead of the flap, because I think that the design could be improved by using a zipper instead of a flap, I rate it 4 stars.
B004X80QNG|3.0|Overall, a very promising and useful app, that combines calander, and task/to-do list to make a fully functional organizer.<br /><br />Issues preventing this from being a mainstay is a a convuluted, difficult to grasp UI. It can/and should be simplified, as in other apps. Its difficult to determine what all the diferent icons mean and how to prioritize tasks. Simplify, and since there are so many features, implement a brief tutorial. That would make ease of use great upping it one notch<br /><br />Last missing component is lack of a comprehensive widget! That was a huge misstep, IMO; because if I have to dig all the way into my app drawer, I may as well use my stock calander which feeds any and all 3rd party apps or another task app that are simpler to use. Also many other have widget which make them easily accesible thus eliminating the need for this app.<br /><br />Still this is a promising all in one app that is rare to find because it does it all so well making for the perfect organizer, if those suggestion I made are implemented. A widget, that i can change veiws of calander, agenda and tasks, for easy accesabilty as agenda's and task list need. And a simpler easy to use UI or a tutorial would make this the perfect app to eliminate 2-3 apps and keep only yours!
B005D9MUWY|5.0|Tried 6 different keyboards... this is now my favorite.  The predictions are quite good.  Gave up on those slider keyboards.
B005K17RU0|4.0|very in formative when I travel to other places either by air or my car. there hasn't been a place in the us that I haven't been able to find the weather for. like I said when you get it going it is a very good app.
1401201911|5.0|These \\"elseworlds\\" stories are great - it gets a little hokey at the end but worth the ride.  Remember that Superman would not have known about Stalin's brutality, as they kept a tight lid on that stuff inside the USSR.
B001IXXYBA|5.0|Who doesn't love this movie? I have it in VHS & now in DVD. We watch it over & over. Thanks, Amazon, for all the great movies you have.
B004NELBPC|1.0|SSIA. if apps don't work on fire amazon should pull them. very sloppy business, especially before Christmas...  the fire is an ipad killer?!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Slick and easy to move cards around on the Fire. Pop up ads are only mildly annoying. Like the hints. Good fun!
0071762345|5.0|I bought this book on preparation for presenting a workshop for community service clubs on using Social Media to promote their efforts in their communities.  It was one of the resources that helped me bring all of what I already knew about the topic into the areas in which my audience should focus.
B0053Q9DHW|3.0|I have some mixed feelings about this new adaptation of JANE EYRE. I just finished watching the dvd directed by Cary Fukunaga from a screenplay by Moira Buffini. My initial reaction is that this 2011 version started near the ending... Jane lost on the moors...taken in by the Rivers household, St. John and his sisters.  True fans of Charlotte Bronte's classic novel may applaud the novel beginning (we do have our favorite parts, don't we?), but others could be a little lost at the beginning if they didn't know the story well!<br /><br />The uneven reversal of events is not the only problem I encountered.  I am not a purist when watching this classic on film, but did you see the \\"deleted scenes\\" feature? Some very good lines and scenes were edited from this production! The happy and explanatory scenes - Adele and Jane playing badminton in the beautiful garden, Blanche Ingram's remarks to Rochester that \\"all old houses have a gray lady: I think I just met yours,\\" Rochester's explanation to Jane about Adele's circumstance and his pleas for her not to leave after the aborted wedding (really, his shouting \\"Jane\\" from the window from whence she had just jumped needed a prelude!). Don't you think it was rather badly edited?<br /><br />I believe the director's stress on the gothic elements both in scene and music was a bit overdone. Jane Eyre is not a horror film but a Gothic romantic thriller...the strange puffs of smoke and mysterious lights and dark and gloomy scenes were too strange, mysterious and dark and gloomy. There is a happy but abrupt ending but one gets used to that in JANE EYRE films. Oscar award-winning Dario Marianetti's score was hauntingly beautiful but very repetitious. It did achieve Fukunaga's idea of gypsy-like fiddler work though. But we were treated to less of Jane Eyre's \\"tale of woe\\" than I can ever recall. (Perhaps this is a good thing: I was rather amused that one reviewer remarked that this film just \\"breezed past the difficult childhood.\\")<br /><br />I was very pleased in the principal acting roles. Mia Wasikowska and Michael Fussbender were much better than George C. Scott and Susannah York in the 1970 version. And Fussbender smoldered almost as much as my favorite Rochester, Timothy Dalton in the 1983 BBC production.<br /><br />And how could I forget the wonderful Judi Dench as Rochester's housekeeper?  A small but stellar performance. Her appearance almost made this a 4 star review!br />I was very pleased in the principal acting roles. Mia Wasikowska and Michael Fussbender were much better than George C. Scott and Susannah York in the 1970 version. And Fussbender smoldered almost as much as my favorite Rochester, Timothy Dalton in the 1983 BBC production.<br /><br />And how could I forget the wonderful Judi Dench as Rochester's housekeeper?  A small but stellar performance. Her appearance almost made this a 4 star review!
B004EPYZQC|1.0|I left after half way through this movie. Why is everyone scream and fighting each other in this movie? It was like going into a bad high school or a jail cell. Stealing cars and hiding them? Yah right, I'm pretty sure these low-life characters can get away with that. And what chick wouldn't want to get knocked-up by some guy who steals cars for a living, not to mention constantly getting chased by the authority and the Latino \\"mafia\\". This is like the Latino Jersey Shore with fast cars. By the way, you combine Brian O'Conner and the Rock character to get the Vin Diesel character. They were all like cry-babies, always dramatizing the situation, no wonder they couldn't get anywhere in life. 1 star because I cannot give it 0 star. I will put on another star because I like fast car, but take off another star because American cars are ugly. So there you have it 1 star for this lovely movie. Save your money, if you want to see fast cars just Youtube it lol.
B0050QV0RQ|5.0|Reminded me of one of my favorite RPG's on the SNES.  Great story, kept me playing.  Works great on an HTC Droid Incredible 2.
B005DOKL3E|5.0|I was hesitant at first to purchase this product because of complaints about smell.  It did have a slight odor but unless you are walking around with your nose in the case it is not noticeable.  Now after 3 weeks of use the smell is gone.  Fits great in the purse or laptop case.
B001UV4XIS|4.0|5 stars for the quality of the content, 3 stars for not needing the UV copy, 4 stars for getting this on lightning deal = 4 stars overall.
B00127RAJY|5.0|Doesn't matter what level you are at...this DVD works everything! If you are already used to a little punishing workout, hop right on up to the highest level!
B004VMUS9G|5.0|best alarm out there. way better than my sony box alarm. wakes me up first try and its my favorite Color purple!!
1419702238|5.0|Right when I got this book, I started reading it right away. It was a fantastic book and came wrapped very nice. I would recommend this book to a friend.
B005URRCUY|2.0|Being a fan of nearly every single album, of course I picked up this album as soon as possible. However, I wish I could go back in a time machine and choose not to even know this album exists. Gone are the dirty, crunchy blues sounding guitar riffs, now replaced by boring pop power chords over a boring drum beat. It seems to me that this album was written in about 30 minutes. This album is weak. Yes, it is catchy, just like every other song on the radio, which seems to me what this album was made for, being heard on the radio. \\"Hey lets write horrible, yet catchy songs so we can finally be on the radio and sell out\\" Oh well, it was bound to happen eventually. And don't say \\"Oh but their sound is evolving\\" No it's not, its DE-volving if anything... Oh well I will go listen to Magic Potion and forget about this sick excuse for a Black Keys album.
0756404738|4.0|At 993 pages the second book of the Kingkiller Chronicle is an epic in and of itself, let alone when combined with 672 page first book, \\"The Name of the Wind.\\"<br /><br />Even more to the point, the audio book version of \\"The Wise Man's Fear\\" took over 43 hours - which translates into multiple weeks listening to the life and adventures of Kvothe (the main character).<br /><br />I mention the length of the book up front as it is usually the first thing that people see when look at the book. However, please don't let the page length stop you from reading this book. It is, like its forbearer, a phenomenal book that pulls you into a different world and allows for the characters to evolve according to the culture and situations presented.<br /><br />In a lot of ways, the Kingkiller Chronicle is more of an autobiography then a typical fantasy novel as the main character is narrating his life story to \\"The Chronicler\\" who is writing it all down. This means that the majority of the book is written in the first person with occasional jumps forward to the `present' time where Knothe and the Chronicler are sitting in an inn.<br /><br />While I enjoyed the book, I do have to say that it drag a bit in the middle... it was almost as if the details of Kvothe's life too over from the primary story line of Kvothe's search for the Chandrian who killed his parents. I also found myself holding my breath waiting for Kvothe's expulsion from the University as mentioned on the back of Book One and Two - only to find out that nothing happened...<br /><br />Patrick Rothfuss is going to have a lot of loose ends to tie up in Book Three...so much so that I wouldn't be surprised if he (and the publisher) add a fourth book to the series like Christopher Paolini did in his \\"Inheritance Cycle\\".<br /><br />I guess we are all going to have to wait for until Rothfuss finishes Book Three (which if he continues at the same publication rate, should be out in 2015).
B001AQR3JY|5.0|I love shopping at Amazon for gifts.  It is so convenientl    Gifts are not open yeet -----I am sure they will be a hit.
B004EPZ06Q|1.0|Good movie, bad move on the part of Warner Brothers... I like having my movies in iTunes, it's unfortunate that WB would pull a 180 from their previous releases.  DO NOT BUY!
B005IZLPMY|5.0|A+++ This was a great bargain considering it was brand new and at a better price than you could get in the stores.  Thanks!
0545265355|5.0|I rarely leave reviews for things and for this I just had to in order to give it justice. I received the trilogy in the mail on 12/6 and was done reading all three books on 12/13. I just couldn't put the books down as the reading flowed well enough allowing me to fly through the books and yet be able to remember names and towns without going overboard. I work 60+ hours a week normally and it is rare if I can get a book a month done, but just couldn't put this series down. The author allows your imgaination to run wild with the story and keeps you interested through only a few down moments.  Great book for high school readers and people looking for an escape from reality for just a little while. If we could only have the games with current politicians, I think some things may actually get passed.
B0034G4P8A|5.0|A+++ This was a great bargain considering it was brand new and at a better price than you could get in the stores.  Thanks!
B000N6TX1I|1.0|This is one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time (and I've seen \\"Southland\\" with Dwayne Johnson). Rather than repeat what others have already said, let me raise one plot point which makes no sense to me. Early in the movie a big deal is made about the need for the protagonist to obtain two travel passes so he can escort a girl from London to Brighton. This is a fascist dystopia with strict travel control regulations, let us not forget. So Clive Owen's character visits his rich  influential brother to ask for the really big favor of obtaining two travel passes.<br /><br />The next thing we see is Clive, the girl and 3 other people heading down the road in a car. Did the extra 3 people somehow get travel passes, too?  We never find out because no word is ever again spoken about travel passes. The characters spend the rest of the film driving all over the south English countryside without any concern about travel passes. What did I miss here?
B004TTMYQG|5.0|Search your calendar, zoom, custom colors, syncs with multiple Google calendars, multiple views. Couldn't be better. Perfect replacement for the shoddy POS that Google includes with the OS.
B005JLN9ZI|4.0|The album was in great condition. Brand new. Not my favorite Drake album though, but pretty damn good. Amazon always provides items in mint condition.
0399534601|5.0|Keri Smith never fails to write books that unlock hidden aspects of my mind. This book is excellent in every way, and I am going to purchase Mess after I am done with this book. This is a great buy and will make an excellent stocking stuffer!  Here is the Link for Mess [[ASIN:0399536000 Mess: The Manual of Accidents and Mistakes]]  If you wish to purchase the trilogy (this book, mess, and wreck this journal), click on this link [[ASIN:0399536558 Keri Smith Boxed Set]]
B004A8ZWVK|4.0|I had read the book and thought the adaptation was excellent. I was afraid they would make the cast too glamourous and that's just what they did. The white girls were all too pretty, too perfect.  Skeeter was especially a disappointment. Emma Stone's curly hair is the kind it takes hours to achieve,not the kind that makes mothers despair.  She has a figure to die for and it was shown to advantage. These were not real young women they were movie stars.  Too bad.
B0064TVQ5E|2.0|I really like this game, but I had to uninstall because of a glitch...it kept closing in the middle of a game...I would reinstall if they correct this problem.
B004YF6MHW|2.0|It appears as though it depends on the model phone you have but if you have a Droid Bionic, disabling the shutter via the app is not working. I like the app and this is my first review on amazon of any app but not having a basic feature not work, that works perfectly in the native app warrants a low star rating! For 10 cents get it (knowing shutter sound will be on), glad I didn't buy it at the usual full price! = Uninstalled
B005LY4B0A|5.0|love it. levels get pretty hard but still a blast to play. put it right up there with cut the rope and birds
B005IS565S|3.0|First, I want to like this album.  I think Five Finger Death Punch has the potential to be one of the bigger post-Pantera metal bands.  They have the right musical talent.  They can solo, they can play melodies, they have a great drummer, and most importantly, they have a singer with a unique, powerful voice that is just as comfortable with clean melodies as he is in near-death growls.<br /><br />The problem I find with this band, and specifically this album, is it seems they are all out of ideas.  If there was an award for the most Persecuted Band, I think Five Finger Death Punch would award it to themselves.  At least, thats the impression I get from their lyrics.  A majority of the songs on their albums (this one included) are about how everyone wants to bring them down and how they've been told they're worthless and useless.  Seriously, I could write the next big Five Finger Death Punch song right now.  Heres my lyrics:<br /><br />You told me that you loved me<br />But then you gave up on me<br />I thought I had something priceless<br />Now I see that its just worthless<br /><br />My life is torn to ruins<br />Brokwn, forgotten and tattered<br />You went and said you hated me<br />But that just devastated me<br /><br />Etc etc.  I know it doesnt rhyme, but it gets old pretty quick.  Like I said earlier, I want to like this band.  To be honest, if this is the first album you've heard from these guys, you'll probably really like it.  But my problem is, this is the third album Ive heard, and it all sounds the same.  Sure, theres some great catchy songs, and some that follow their \\"devastation\\" plot, but theres so many that just sound the same.<br /><br />Five Finger Death punch has talent.  Over the course of 3 albums, there are some great songs, but if this band wants to have a long and prosperous career, they need to come up with some new ideas and expand from their little niche they seem to have placed themselves in.
B00447L4JG|5.0|This video is hard to find for streaming etc, one of the few that I think are necessary to keep on disk for this reason.  Especially since its a holiday movie.  The case is double thick 3D, very cool looking and I guess it comes with a digital copy too.  I haven't messed with that yet.
B003YL4L0W|3.0|I have read many of Jodi Picoult's books, some of which I find to be absolutely phenomenally written. \\"Sing You Home\\" is, unfortunately, not one of my favorite.  The book started out somewhat slow.  There were a couple of story lines that ended up surprising me, but mostly I found this book predictable.  Her characters were written in a way that it was quite obvious whose \\"side\\" you are on.  One of the things I usually enjoy about Picoult's books is how it is written, you end up sympathizing with both sides.  In \\"Sing You Home\\", however, this is not the case.  I wouldn't go so far as to say I didn't enjoy reading this book at all, but it is not one that I would be excited to pass on to a friend.
1451648537|5.0|Although the legacy of Steve Jobs is already set and will last long beyond his passing, this is a great read when it comes to hearing stories first hand from Steve Jobs as well as from his family and friends.
B000E1YVZU|5.0|The movie was ok I'm not a big fan of musicals but I got it for my girlfriend and she thoroughly enjoyed it
0316056863|5.0|This is a great book especially for someone that enjoys the clever and witty comedy of Tina Fey and her exceptional creativity.  It is great to get a background on what Tina Fey has done to get to where she is today as one of the most succesfull and creative comedians of her time.
0312588887|2.0|Emma Harte has incredible business acumen, but, for me, very little else.  She was an immoral and unlikable character, and it was difficult to read 900 pages about a character whom I lack any compassion for.  My first grievance about the novel is the inconsistency spread throughout the plot about basic facts.  In the beginning, the author describes Emma as having about a 5 year age difference with her lifelong friend, Blackie.  However, toward the end of the novel, they are only 3 years apart.  In one chapter, Emma Harte is 29 years old, but about a year later (in the next chapter), she is only 28 years old.  Secondly, Bradford creates likeable supporting characters throughout the novel, and then she suddenly turns them into repulsive beings whenever it is convenient for her to build Emma up or to get rid of them.  For example, Emma's first husband was just a shy, orphaned landlord who was very generous and loving toward her.  However, to build the reader's compassion for Emma, the author suddenly turned him into an inconsiderate dud in the sack, which was completely unnecessary.  How can I sympathize with Emma when she married a man devoted to her, but whom she used and didn't love.  The author reaches too far to justify Emma's actions by aiming to create an unlikeable character in the husband.  Emma's first dalliance was with Edwin, who was at first a very loveable, gentile boy.  Then, the author turns him into a sudden coward in order to make Emma appear battered and stronger.  (I also found it irritating that the author included at least five men who were madly in love with Emma throughout the book - just a bit too extreme).  At further moments, the author paints a picture where Emma is grieved by her relationship with her hateful eldest daughter, but she was, for the most part, an absent and uninvolved parent.  Many children would be bitter under the same circumstance, yet the author victimizes Emma for her daughter's lack of love toward her.  The author has toturn her second husband into a philandering homosexual to overshadow Emma's own adultery.  Basically, the author had to make everyone else look despicable to make Emma look strong, when in opinion, Emma never grasped the importance of friendships and relationships over money.  So I find it hard to believe that Emma was a strong, powerful, admirable woman.  She thrived on hatred, and used people to accomplish her goals of burying those she hated.  Therefore, the book didn't provide for me what its title promised.
0670022705|5.0|Neil MacGregor has taken a very unique approach in this book and manages to present history in a truly interesting and enjoyable way.  This wonderful book is packed with historical information that spans many years and keeps the reader interested from start to finish.
1400052181|4.0|This story makes you think about going to the doctor in a whole new way. Paced more like a novel than non-fiction, I couldn't put it down.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I like the detail given by this app. All that I care to know is included such as, wind speed. I like the extended forecast feature that this app offers. I definitely recommend use of this app for those who travel.
0439023521|4.0|An author that can take something set in the future and make it relevant in today's world is rare. That's why Suzanne Collins Hunger Games series is so popular. She takes elements of our world today with some new ideas and mixes them all up in an interesting and compelling way. I read this book very quickly and can't wait to get the next two in the series. Don't be afraid of the genre of this book. Good storytelling is good storytelling no matter what genre and Suzanne Collins has done just that - told a great story. Enjoy!
B001LF347E|5.0|After watching the first episode of this show I was hooked. I love how the show brings to life the legend of King Arthur, his knights, and the story of Merlin. I purchased the full season as a gift after watching the show, and the person I purchased this item for loved the show too. The show is clean with no bad language, its actually a show that you could sit down and watch with children. The best part is, is that Syfy will show the latest season of Merlin in January 2012.
B005ZHBA9I|5.0|The Breaking Dawn soundtrack is by far my favorite of the soundtracks, but even more so this score is my favorite of the scores. I had  my doubts about Carter Burwell returning, because I didn't really like his score for Twilight at all, but it is like he has become a whole new composer on this album. He actually explains a lot of his reasoning in the liner notes:  \\"Three years ago, when I wrote the music for the film 'Twilight', Bella Swan was a fairly typical teenager, at fairly typical high school, in a fairly typical - if rainy - American town. The music I wrote attempted to play that world and the ways in which love shifted it's foundation.  \\"While Bella is still Bella, the world in which 'Breaking Dawn Part One' takes place is no longer typical. Bella is marrying a vampire, is planning to become a vampire herself, while her best friend is a shape-shifting wolf. And that is literally only the beginning.  \\"Bella's life is no longer that of a typical teenager and the music I wrote for this film is different as well. In many ways this film encompasses Bella's entire adult life - leaving home, marriage, pregnancy, birth, death - and so the music covers a lot of ground as well. While the score to the first film was intimate and centered on guitar and piano, this one grows dramatically in scale, eventually incorporating a symphony orchestra, choir and a battery of percussion. It also traverses wider and wilder emotional territory, and does so in ways that are frankly melodramatic.  \\"How else would you describe a scene in which a vampire and a man-wolf perform an improvised Caesarean section on the girl the both love, no one knowing what they're delivering? Despite the extraordinary events depicted in the film (and the music), it's still truly a love story, and when the characters occasionally pause and remember this, there is a hint of their first love theme, 'Bella's Lullaby'.\\"  Do yourself a favor and get the Breaking Dawn soundtrack as well, as there are some beautiful instrumental pieces on there that are not part of this score. Many of them are instrumental versions of songs that were featured for a moment or two during the movie.
0439023491|5.0|If anyone hasn't read this book, buy it and do so now. You won't be disappointed. Catching Fire is a wonderful sequel to The Hunger Games, and a literary masterpiece. Warning though, it does have some violence so I'd recommend it for 12+ years of age. Can't wait to read Mockingjay and see The Hunger Games movie in March of 2012!
B002KV4NTQ|1.0|I tried the MP3 of \\"Can't You Hear Me Knocking\\". Like so many of the Stone's songs, I know every note. This has been remastered to the point of un-listenable. From the opening of the song, you can tell something is very wrong. I had bought the MP3 from the 1994 version page. I ended up with the 2009 \\"remastered\\" version. I will only buy CD's from now on and rip my own MP3's.
B005VT42BS|5.0|Outstanding addition to any tablet (or android phone). Allows quick access to what I like to know about net connection wherever I'm at. Very well done. Thank you.
3836532441|5.0|For this price, a hardcover book like this is amazing. What can you say about the artists in this book other than that if you like pin-up art in any way, then I wholeheartedly recommend this book. It is a fantastic value!
B005IZLPME|5.0|A quick paced science fiction action film taking place in World War II.  A runt who was bullied all his life but refused to give up is transformed through a secret Army program into a physically superior human being.  He retains his spirit of protecting the little guy and never giving up a fight to forge like a ram-rod into battle with the Nazis.  I liked the movie and the blu-ray transfer to DVD was excellent.
0307891372|5.0|The title says it all. The book is a marvel in itself. 650 pages plus! You guys have to buy it right now!!!
B005Q6GIY0|5.0|This is a great series love this and hope it continue at least six more seasons. great acting, story line, keeps me coming back! Highly recommend the[[ASIN:B0042RUHW8 Sons of Anarchy: The Complete Seasons 1 & 2]] box-set.
B005WGBQ9G|5.0|I enjoyed seeing exactly how this world is changing these characters and how they are collecting spare parts,fuel,food, etc from the cars.It is a shame to see that some cars on the road are not being collected but that is most likely to the fact that the keys are not in the vehicle. If you are a fan of the zombie genre then I would higly recommend this as it is both enjoyable and realistic.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|this game is so fun.... the only down side for me... I kills my battery.... i have a HTC evo 4g
B004EPYZT4|2.0|First off by reading some others' reviews I have to point out that this movie is unbenounced to them; NOT a remake. It shares a basic plot though. Villain raids Conan's village, Conan wants revenge other than that there isn't much similarities.  Morgan Freeman's narration in my opinion was awful and lacked passion. Just hearing his voice seemed as a gimic to make people believe that this movie was going to be good just because Morgan Freeman had lines within it.   The acting isn't horrible in my opinion but it wasn't decent either. The actors didn't have much dialogue or substance to work with in the first place.   The action is there just for action. A lot of it is random and only seems to take place, to well for a lack of a better term; to have it.   Costumes were badass and the character of Conan did seem Conan-ish.   I may look down on the cheesy dialogue and rightfully so, but, so for the most part is the dialogue in the Robert E Howard stories. But as a series of pulp short stories it's tolerated and is perfectly fine. As a movie it's ridiculous and cheesy.  I prefer the original because it was done as if Conan did really exist within our own history of on Earth, as REH intended in his writings.   This movie seemed to pander to the people who hated the original because in their opinion it didn't follow the REH writings to a T. This movie did feel more like it was taking from the pages of novels and comics and that just doesn't translate well to the silver screen.
B001H9MWW2|5.0|One of the best coldplay cds, if not the best...much better than Mylo Xiloto.Lot of good songs, that today are classics
B001TY3LIY|3.0|Adieu amazon for this album!  She lives and records in Canada for gollies sake.   Order Total: USD 26.95  on Amazon.ca  8$ cheaper go there.
B001EN71CW|5.0|And I'm talking about the quality of everything when I say that.   I've loved this show for years now, and watching it in blu-ray? It's never looked this good. I've got no complaints about the sound or the picture, and neither does my brother (and he's a nerd about these things so he'd know).   Other than that, the special features are brilliant. I've never watched any of it before so I don't know how much of it is new, but what I've watched so far is very very good, and will be of interest to almost anyone who enjoy the show.   I have no regrets about buying this. I love it.
B003XF1XOQ|1.0|I was absolutely let down by the final book in the series. The first two had lots of interesting ideas and plot twists with the usual mix of teen angst. The third book was a sad attempt at conclusion which left me regretting having started the series. Not only did she do a poor job of tying up the plot, she completely dropped the romance angle with an unsupported ending. I enjoyed the mental games Katniss endured in the first two books but the third was a headache for me. Whenever Collins needed to advance the plot she simply had Katniss undergo and accident and wake up, miraculously healed, with a friend telling her what has happened while she was out. In the end, the \\"protagonist\\" does no real deeds to help the cause and is merely a pawn. She never  even stands up for herself by the end. Not only am I disappointed in the writing but I am saddened that the opportunity to have character growth was reduced to middle school drama fits and character confusion. Both editors and publishers for this book should be ashamed that this version was sent to print.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Hate to admit it but I never thought I would find myself playing this but I am. Enough levels and the fact that there is neither a time limit or \\"count\\" of lives makes it that much more enjoyable. No pressure just plain fun.
B002BWP49C|5.0|I watched this movie twice now....wish i could watch it more but its by far the best one so far. i love how everyone was involved the entire movie....i would have to say that watching Jacob imprint on Renessme and when bella opened her eyes at the end are my favorite scenes.....however i would love to have her dress.
B005MVIF7M|5.0|Even before I read the Rolling Stone review, I thought the same thing that it says: \\"both upbeat and experimental.\\" Actually, my take is that it's both >warm&lt; and experimental. It's human, but interesting. It's my favorite album of 2011.
B0015DYIH2|2.0|CONTAINS SPOILERS  I was drawn into the Twilight Series, even with the harsh criticism of the literary merit.  I loved the characters, and I loved Bella especially.  The small town was familiar to me because I came from a small town.  I know what it's like to move to a new place and not want to bother with making new friends because nothing could replace where you came from, so why try.  I remember longing for a great-looking, perfect guy to like me.  I wanted to be swept away from the boredom of my life and transformed into a perfect person.  So, Twilight sucked me in.  New Moon appealed to me because I remember what it felt like to have a guy \\"leave my life forever\\" when I was a teenager.  I remember that pain and depression.  I remember my best guy-friend like Jacob.  I also lived near a beach and ocean.  I read Eclipse and liked it because there was finally a closeness between the characters.  I was looking forward to Breaking Dawn to pull it all together.    I realize now that I liked the series IN SPITE OF the vampires and the wolves.  So, it shouldn't have surprised me that Breaking Dawn was such a let down.  I think the author's writing became looser, less organized, and less professional throughout the series.  By Breaking Dawn, it felt as if she was just making it up as she went along.  The characters no longer seemed real, and neither did the background.  She did too much \\"telling\\" and not enough \\"showing.\\"  Everything was a let down -- no magically painful transformation, no connection to the baby, and even the honeymoon seemed sad to me because they didn't connect.  The entire series Jumped the Shark for me the moment Bella became a vampire.  Nothing about the book appealed to me from then on, as none of the characters were developed to where I recognized them.  The story wasn't enough to hold me because the vampire and werewolf elements were not that interesting.  And how dare the author make Jacob fall in love (imprint) on the baby.  I don't care howyou slice it, it's really morally wrong and offensive.    I wish the author had put more into her writing and development of the stories.  She had some great characters and background with which to work. It's a shame that the whole thing just fizzled out.
B006470HZ6|3.0|I downloaded this thinking that I didn't need HD, and proceeded to watch on my PC without issue.  However, when I elected to use my big screen using Amazon On Demand library, I got a paltry 19\\" or so screen in the middle of my 52\\" TV, and the rest was blacked out.  Wish they warned you about this - I expected the difference in HD to be about video quality, not screen size.  Annoyed that I bought the entire first half of the season before I figured this out.
0307891372|5.0|The Strategy guide is amazing I really like it and have found myself using it a lot. I really liked the layout of the book, the fact that the book is in color and the large map with all the locations labeled. By far one of the better strategy guides I've owned!  It is totally worth buying even if you only use it once in a while!
0385344325|4.0|REACHER WALKS INTO THIS SMALL, REMOTE TOWN...sound familiar?  Well actually, Child varies the plot a bit for this retro story dated in the time before Reacher was discharged from the Military Police...in The Affair, Reacher RIDES into town in a patrol car.  Since the story is set in the late 90's, this book may be read immediately before Killing Floor if you are obsessive enough to read various series in chronologic order.  No faulty major plot devices, not even many seriously flawed technical details in this one:  just a good old time suspenseful whodunnit.  Fans will be comforted by the presence of most of the series' familiar ingredients: Reacher, small town, large but incompetent rednecks, suspected cover-ups, violent crime, dead women, his love interest d'jour, arch villains....they're all there.  This plot is a bit more straightforward than many, and (thankfully) we are not acquainted with the intimate inner workings of an evil-homicidal-madman early in the book. I get burned out on how psychopaths' minds work -- leave it for forensic psychologists (and Reacher) to deal with. While I rated this one four stars,not five, be aware that I read it in one day...it IS a page-turner.
B005NJ2K6U|5.0|can't keep my hands off this game! &quot;perfected&quot; all the levels... would love new levels on the map! awesome game ! thanks
B006FLGBGA|5.0|The first thought in mind after watching this was \\"that's it? I remember seeing parts in the trailer I didn't see in the movie. What gives? And then also thinking this movie seemed incomplete, short, and as good as it was just lacking something.\\" Until I found out it's only the first of a trilogy. I was like \\"oh well then, that explains it. If this is the first of a trilogy I understand why it left me wanting more. But for the prequel to the rest of the movies THIS MOVIE ROCKED SOME HARDCORE APE BANANAS! I am so impressed and just love this movie. And am glad I bought it. For anyone wondering if it's anygood. OMG it most definitely is awesome, but only if you know that it's the first of many more (at least 2). Didn't really see anything bad. James franco was awesome but sometimes it seems like he could use some coffee or more sleep? Anyway I loved it. Merry Christmas and Godbless. Praise Jesus<br /><br />~Shaun's movie review
B0041OOJNU|2.0|Parece que Shakira cada vez le gusta mas bailar y menos pensar, y no lo digo porque sea tonta sino porque cada vez se esfuerza menos en sus composiciones.<br />Siguiendo la estela de She Wolf, es album es precisamente para eso, para bailar y no para pensar. Atr&aacute;s quedaron las letras fuertes con met&aacute;foras duras y el sonido rockero, para dar paso primero al dance y ahora al merengue, sonido en que se mete de lleno entregando un disco totalmente disparejo.<br />Entre baladas supuestamente llegadoras, imitandose a si misma y tratando de hacer con letras simples grandes baladas como \\"T&uacute;\\" o \\"No\\", pero si llegar lograrlo; y sonidos urbanos que oscilan entre el reggeton y el merengue; el album resulta plano, con pocos temas que destacar y que pasar&aacute; sin pena ni gloria en la carrera de la cantante igual que \\"She Wolf\\".<br />Compralo si quiere poner algunas canciones en las fiestas, pero nada mas.
B004HEXSLI|2.0|Jill Bolte Taylor's account into her own experience with stroke is remarkable in terms of her recovery. For those who have been touched by the experience of stroke, there is much in the way of inspiration and example as to the level of courage and attitude required to make a comeback from such a potentially debilitating experience.<br /><br />What is unremarkable about the book is that Taylor uses the experience to attempt to confirm the scientific bias of her discipline: namely, that consciousness is a function of the brain. Though this unproven theory goes unquestioned among the majority of the scientific community, a single instance of a brain-dead individual demonstrating both awareness and memory topples this house of cards. Nothing of the research into the Near-Death Experience is mentioned in Taylor's account. This field of study is completely ignored. To the average reader, the classical, materialistically-based rendition of reality remains unchallenged.<br /><br />For example, Taylor attributes inner peace to a location in the right hemisphere of the brain: \\"Based upon my experience with losing my left mind, I wholeheartedly believe that the feeling of deep inner peace is neurological circuitry located in our right brain. This circuitry is constantly running and always available for us to hook into.\\"<br /><br />Without actually saying it, she suggests that the condition the Buddhist describes as Nirvana is little more than the switching on of a specific area of the right brain's neurological circuitry. That certain centers of the brain are switched on and even changed through practices such as meditation (a phenomenon known as neuroplasticity) is well known. As cardiologist Dr. Pim Van Lommel points out in his book, Consciousness Beyond Life, \\"A conscious experience can be the result of brain activity, but a brain activity can also be the result of consciousness.\\" For a brain scientist to conclude that the experience of higher states of awareness are foundin physical locations of the brain simply indicates this scientist's materialistic predisposition and her obvious unfamiliarity with the mystical traditions of the world.<br /><br />The brain indeed is a marvelous instrument, but it does not come close to equaling the marvels of the consciousness that uses this three pound marvel to interface with the material world. Perhaps if Taylor's stroke had been accompanied by an NDE, it would have changed her in a way that would actually add to our understanding of the brain/consciousness interaction. As it stands, her presentation simply supports the hypothesized treatment of consciousness as a mere byproduct of the brain, an unproven and increasingly challenged assumption that is still championed by many in her field.<br /><br />I would recommend Taylor's book only on the basis of reaching a better understanding of the needs of a stroke victim. Her running commentary on what constitutes the human being and her frequent ventures into spiritual subjects create an inconsistent patchwork of ideas that I found quite distracting--thus two rather than five stars.
B005LAIGFA|2.0|This is the story of J. Edgar Hoover, the first director of the FBI, whose long tenure put him in a position of power.  Leonardo DiCaprio is cast in the lead role, a difficult one that spans a lifetime.  He brought it off well, however, and I soon forgot the prior image I've had of him as the young lovesick immigrant in his role in Titanic.  Yes, he is a fine actor, but even though this film was directed by none other than Clint Eastwood, it is too long and too slow.  So, slow, in fact, that I actually fell asleep.<br /><br />That said, I did learn a bit about the history of the FBI and J. Edgar's role in it.  I learned he changed facts to make himself look good and wallowed in the glory of his position.  He also had a long-time relationship with a man but it is not clear if he actually participated in any actual homosexual activity.<br /><br />I wish I could have liked the film but I was bored most of the time and couldn't wait for it to end.  No way I can recommend it.
145551389X|5.0|Amazing and beautiful book! All the pics have something speacial and meaningful. If you have the oportunity to buy do it, you won't regret it.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Fun to play. Over and over again! Endless games! A must-have for every gamer who loves Solitaire! Love this app!
B004EBZX6W|5.0|Great app with handy views. The signal strength view is worth it alone. It also has a recommended channel view that really helped me.
B000NY17J6|5.0|This CD is a must for Linda Ronstadt fans.  It brings back many memories of the past.  I thoroughly enjoyed this CD.
B00364K6YW|5.0|I found this DVD set in a bargain bin and had to have it.  The story, the cinematography, the acting, the period costumes... all wonderful.  A must-have for fans of Colin Firth! ;-)
0811875040|1.0|The only useless baking book in my collection.  There is nothing new or interesting to bake. DON'T  WASTE YOUR MONEY!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Works well with no bugs that I've seen, the graphics excellent. The game plays well on my Kindle Fire and is fun.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|This book grabs you and will not let go. It is magical, reminds me of \\"Brigadoon\\".  You want to be part of this special world.
B003ZDZ1WG|5.0|I just love this CD. I put it on repeat in my work computer, and I can listen to it all day long. It just makes my day go by so fast!
0385535139|4.0|This is an enjoyable book.  Definitely not one of Grisham's finest.  However, in recent years, it's the best thing Grisham has turned out in a long, long time.  It's a fun book, with a lot of humor.  Maybe Grisham is back.
B003ZTQN1I|5.0|This soundtrack is really good. I have downloaded it to my computer from the CD I purchased, and I listen to it all the time. It brings the movie right back in my mind.
B004EPYZV2|4.0|In director Brad Bird's first live action film, \\"MI:GP\\" succeeds what it sets out to do.  It is a tight action spy film with some great sequences and awesome gadgets.  Brad Bird is the director of some truly excellent films; albeit they are animated, but great none the less.  His films like \\"Ratatouille\\", \\"The Incredibles\\" and \\"The Iron Giant\\" were all wonderful animated films with a lot of heart and good direction.  Bird has proven to this reviewer he has the skill for live action feature films.<br /><br />\\"Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol\\" brings us back to our hero Tom Cruise while he is locked up in a Russian prison.  Of course the inevitable happens and he is broken out of jail in a really great opening sequence.  Cruise and team assemble; their mission, prevent a nuclear launch.  Unfortunately, their plans are curbed when the team is implicated in a massive bombing.  The President decides to initiate \\"Ghost Protocol\\" which completely dismantles the \\"IMF\\" and paints Cruise and team as rogue agents.  Their new mission, clear the IMF's name and save the world.  Pretty basic stuff for a Mission Impossible movie.<br /><br />Pretty basic, yes, but what a ride it is.  First, I'd like to congratulate the scriptwriters on finally making a M.I. film with a tight and aggressive script.  There was hardly a dull line in the entire movie.  With the writers having primarily a television background they were able to get their points across quickly and effectively.  Second, is of course the action sequences.  Realistic, invigorating, suspenseful....just downright awesome.  It is surely a fun ride and if you have a chance to see it in IMAX you will be blown away during the Dubai sequences.  Location is another gem in this movie; Dubai, Russia, India are beautifully shot and give some very nice eye candy.  But for me, the highlight were the gadgets and spy sequences, it wouldn't be a Mission Impossible film without great gadgets right!?  Ghost Protocol doesn't disappoint.  From gloves that stick to glass, visual projections and everything in between there is some really cool stuff in this film.<br /><br />I can't go without commenting on Tom Cruise doing his own stunts.  Regardless of what you think of him on a personal level, one has to admit him doing his own stunts was pretty incredible.  There are some really hairy situations he gets into and I was very impressed he went the extra mile, I think it helped knowing he was actually doing the stunts while I was watching.  I would say overall the acting was good, but not overly impressive.  This isn't a drama film after all so I'm not taking any points away.  Why would you go to a Mission Impossible movie for great acting?  You go for the action, and if you keep that mindset, this film will be worth your time and money.to glass, visual projections and everything in between there is some really cool stuff in this film.  I can't go without commenting on Tom Cruise doing his own stunts.  Regardless of what you think of him on a personal level, one has to admit him doing his own stunts was pretty incredible.  There are some really hairy situations he gets into and I was very impressed he went the extra mile, I think it helped knowing he was actually doing the stunts while I was watching.  I would say overall the acting was good, but not overly impressive.  This isn't a drama film after all so I'm not taking any points away.  Why would you go to a Mission Impossible movie for great acting?  You go for the action, and if you keep that mindset, this film will be worth your time and money.
B0000CD5FN|2.0|Sorry folks these albums suck. This is folk music like the 60's and it's badly done. Not worth the money
B004LWZW4C|5.0|I just received the 2-disc Blu Ray edition of this film, and the first thing, before even opening is that the box is way better that the one in the pics of amazon. The movie I saw in the theatre, so this review is only mainly refering to the Blu ray (most people seem to forget that this is a store, not a movie critics' lounge).<br />The case is the one on the photos, but is enclosed in a carboard socket (like Pirates of The Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl, Mr. & Mrs Smith, Ghost Rider, The Covenant and some others), being the closed box visually cool, the socket is unbelieveable cooler. I even will post photos of it as soon as I can.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|This is a fun puzzle game good for many hours of entertainment.  No unintended bugs (just the animated ones u are trying to save!)
B005QBKXOQ|5.0|This is Daughtry's best rock performance !!  My over all favorite will probably be his debut cd, but this is a close second.
B005UBNKZG|5.0|PC runs so fast, Core Temp says it is cool (18C to 30 or so)!  CPU-Z says it clocks from 1490 to 3900 so it is works.  There is nothing like an 8-core chip!
B0050DZ8J0|1.0|Not on my smart phone &amp; not on my Kindle Fire.  No way am I going to install this app with that laundry list of permissions.  What a joke!
B0055SWM08|5.0|makes you think in a different way. Very refreshing after a long day. Takes your mind off the house work you still have to do. my husband liked it too.
B004V5QWU2|5.0|I live in Arkansas, so most of the year I'm sleeping with my window unit AC on. I get very used to the noise it makes and then once it gets cold here and I no longer need it, I have a terrible time getting to sleep without it. I lose quite a bit of sleep because there are dogs barking and cars driving by, and without my AC noise to help drown it out, it keeps me awake. This little app here is just what I needed! Of course it's not as loud as my real AC, but it does really help. The sound plays constantly for as long as you set it to, and stays on even when you put your device (well, for me it's the kindle fire, dunno about anything else) on standby. I read on another review someone said there are gaps of silence when the audio track stops then loops back to the beginning, I haven't had that problem, or at least if it does, it's not so noticeable that it bothers me. I use the Air Conditioner 1 sound to help me sleep every day, and then if I just want to relax I'll curl up on the sofa and turn on the rain or thunderstorm sound. It's a very useful app, and the fact that it really helps me with the very annoying trouble of not being able to get to sleep makes it my favorite app.<br /><br />  Kindle Fire - $199.00<br />  Sleepy Time App - $1.00<br />  Being able to curl up in bed and drift off to sleep quickly - priceless
B000I0QK74|5.0|I was concerned this might be too mellow, but was delightfully surprised that even with JT's usual relaxed vibe the album sparkles with holiday cheer.  None of the songs seem overly wrought or produced - it's a great album for evenings at home wrapping gifts or a leisurely holiday weekend.  Love this album and we are so glad we bought it!
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this is a very fun game but I get mad when I keep on losing but I will always gt his game
1439102732|2.0|I am a big JP fan, and this book is probably one of my least favorite. It had a good storyline and was interesting...until...the ending. I have no idea what the heck she was thinking when she ended it so abruptly. The story had potential to go much further, the only thing I can think of is that she had to find a way to wrap things up quickly, REALLY REALLY quickly. I was so disappointed I am debating following her in her next book.
B0063IH60K|4.0|the game is fun and easy to use. the backgrounds are nice to look at. I like to play a quick game everyday.
B005I64U66|5.0|I got a call from my fiancee telling me that this movie is this year's \\"Hangover\\".....I must admit, I was a little skeptical, but she was right. This movie is hilarious! Very good job. Always nice to see a funny comedy that doesn't have to be PG-13 because of marketing crap, just make it R-rated and good! They did that, and they succeeded. Great movie! Go see it if you haven't.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|Bought this for when my grandkids were visiting. They absolutely loved the movie, and I was suprised just how good it was for adults. It really is a terrific family movie. You won't be disappointed.
B004I4H8QS|5.0|Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs (2 CD 40th Anniversary Deluxe Edition): Having had the old 20th anniversary 3 CD box set, this 2 Disk 40th anniversary set beats the old box in every way possible.  The second disk on the 40th anniversary set is the Perfect companion to the original album.<br /><br />The 40th anniversary edition is the ONE version of Layla you can count on.<br /><br />The Original album deserves a Sixth Star anyway, but the second disc here is a five star release all by itself.  This is the perfect Layla!
B0061JPYX2|5.0|I was unsure how I would feel about this cd. If you are addicted to Ms. Winehouse as I am this should help.  The alternate versions of her songs are at least as good if not better. \\"Body And Soul\\" I already loved, and  I hope she and Tony Bennett win the Grammy for best duet as they are nominated. The new songs are all great.  If I have to choose one track as my favorite it has to be \\"A Song For You\\". It is an emotional recording both  for Amy and the listener. Her voice on this track is both powerful and vulnerable. It is worth buying the cd  for this cut alone.
B000002H92|5.0|The Doors / In Concert (2 CD compilation of live materials from 1968 to 1970):  This compilation of various Doors concerts was knitted together with the purpose of giving both a selection of their best live songs AND giving the listener an idea of what a Doors concert was like (with Jim in attendance that is).  Jim was very much a fan of `Free Theatre', which is to say, the idea that theatre was about involving and rousing the audience.  Jim took this concept and applied it to The Doors' live performances.  This is the reason why we get a taste of Jim's words to the audience, why we get the poetry, and why it seems that the group has more in mind than just running through their current album.  This is also the reason why The Doors often found themselves in trouble with concert managers, not to mention the police.  This is also what made a Doors concert so enjoyable, if you were lucky enough to go to one with Jim actually there, and if the performance wasn't ended early because of some objection to their theatrics.  Remember, this ain't the Lovin Spoonful, this is The Doors.  Now there are several Live Doors CDs out there, and each has their good and bad points, but this 2 CD set is as good as you will ever find, and it is probably the only one you will ever need.  However, there is a `collectors' DVD which has their entire Hollywood Bowl performance and that is an excellent way to see The Doors live.  That DVD and this live audio set ought to fulfill your Doors Concert needs.
1594744769|5.0|A long time ago I took a class with a most brilliant professor of English. In this course he talked about the corresponding nature of a physical book with its content. Just by holding a book in one's hand, he said, one could almost divine the nature of a book. He claimed--and I believed him--that the very physicality of a book could show the reader the quality of the content--as it surely does with \\"Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children.\\"<br /><br />This is a book intentionally designed and thoughtfully put together in order to give that in-the-hand experience--and, wow, this book gives. First, this is a sturdy book, heavier than most, substantial, like the subject matter. The pages are slick, but not glossy. The end papers and title page are a hard, but rich walnut brown, representing another time, another place, for surely, too, does the content. Dispersed throughout the book are odd, most peculiar, old photographs of strange things.<br /><br />For now we've reached the content: odd, peculiar, strange, baffling, seemingly fantastic. Is this really a work of fiction or is it perhaps a truth wrapped in a fictious presentation? I couldn't avoid wondering if perhaps Ransom Riggs (the author) knows a truth unknown to the general public and is slipping it into a book of words.<br /><br />\\"Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children\\" spotlights a teen-aged boy whose grandfather is murdered early on. He sees the murderer, clearly, to his eyes, a monster. Another witness sees nothing. Jacob does not realize it at the time, but he, too, is peculiar, that is, he has something about him that is rare: the ability to see monsters. His father forces him to see a psychiatrist because his claims seem, well,  insane.<br /><br />This beloved grandfather was sent to an orphanage in Wales early in his life at the onset of World War II. So, Jacob grew up hearing stories about the other children who lived there and their bird-like Miss Peregrine, the director. The grandfather even has photographs of these peculiar children. This is where Riggs's fiction/fantasy begins to seen real, yet almost silly. Peculiars, for time immemorial, have gravitated together, often as circus \\"freaks.\\" Strength in numbers protects them.<br /><br />A letter Jacob finds in his grandfather's effects sends him to Wales to visit that old home. What he finds is destruction. But then in Wales it is there that Jacob learns more about his \\"people,\\" his comfortable family, his \\"home,\\" and most importantly, the truth about his grandfather. He meets Emma, his age, but she is also his grandfather's age. He meets all the children in the photographs, discovering that his grandfather was telling the truth and not fairy tales or made up stories. The photographs are real, not only in the story but in life outside the book. Riggs actually used photographs he found in multiple collections. Are you getting the sense of duality, of two faces, two lives, sometimes simultaneously? True, we are not always whom we seem to be.<br /><br />People die in this book. Secrets are revealed. Old homes are discarded and new homes are made. One of my major complaints against many modern fiction writers is their inadequate endings (obviously in my opinion). The ending does not need be happy or desirable, just true to the story. This ending is one of the most pleasing I've ever read. As written, this conclusion indicates a better future, or at least a different one, hopeful even. One thing is for certain--the \\"children\\" now have Jacob, the monster slayer. OR--the conclusion could easily foreshadow a second book. I'm hoping for that second book. These are people I would like to know better.<br /><br />Caution: The fantasy nature of this book reflects Coleridge, the critic, and his injunction to accept an author's premise--if it puts all the right details together, that is, \\"to have a willing suspenson of disbelief.\\" Generally, I'm not a fantasy fan, but the gothic, the surreal, the fantastic truly make the story work.<br /><br />Once last comment: Riggs's writing style is superb! As they say: Good job, Mr. Riggs, on all points!rb! As they say: Good job, Mr. Riggs, on all points!
B0000009NG|4.0|David Bowie / The Man Who Sold The World (RYKO - four bonus tracks):  There are some great tracks on this album but overall it's not one of his best.  That is not to say that it's not worth having, in fact, there are tracks on here that are essential Bowie, it's just that the `other' tracks drag it down.  I prefer the RYKO disc with its four bonus tracks.  Along with adding \\"Lightning Frightening\\" and \\"Holy Holy\\", the RYKO CD adds the two sides of a single which consisted of \\"Moonage Daydream\\" and \\"Hang Onto Yourself\\".  The odd thing about that single was that it was released under the name of `Arnold Corns' in 1971 (rest assured, this IS a David Bowie single).
0446563048|5.0|This book was a fun read filled with terrific insights and challenges. Focus on the customer! It is fun thinking of ways of making our customer experience amazing! Thanks!
B00006GA48|4.0|Grand Funk / Closer To Home:  \\"I'm Your Captain\\" is clearly the best track on the album.  The rest of the album can hardly be called classic, but it IS enjoyable.  I like it, so I give it four stars.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|I have read most of King's books and this is in contention as being considered his best book. Fantastic book and rightfully deserves being in the list of best books of 2011.
B000001E3V|5.0|Derek and the Dominos / Live At The Fillmore (2 CDs): The Live Dominos did not have the large band that created the classic studio album.  However, Eric Clapton, Bobby Whitlock, Carl Radle and Jim Gordon were very familiar with each other long before the Layla album.  These musicians had been working with each other for over a year as they had played together with Delaney and Bonnie, on Eric's first solo album, and on several other projects during that time.  Therefore, when they played these concerts together, they knew and trusted each other's talents and the recordings show a band doing the songs as they ought to be done.  There are very few `fireworks' here as they were more interested in doing the songs right, instead of doing the songs loud.  This is an album where musicianship rules and the `tricks' are set aside.
B005HSL626|5.0|I am hooked on Fruit Ninja! The swords are unique there is a piano sword, fire sword, ice sword, bamboo sword and many more.
B000002OCB|4.0|Howlin' Wolf / The London Howlin' Wolf Sessions featuring Eric Clapton, Steve Winwood, Bill Wyman and Charlie Watts (Gold Disc with 3 bonus tracks):  While this is not the classic sound of Howlin' Wolf, it is Wolf's chance to play with the kids of rock, and the kids chance to play with another great Blues legend.  The rock legends play with restraint and respect and Howlin' seems to enjoy the reverence they give to him.  There recordings are also filled with respect and restraint and so the songs never reach full steam, but they are a very good set of songs and very enjoyable to listen to.
B000WQWPKA|5.0|I thought the movies was very good. It seems to me to be a remake of \\"War of the Worlds\\". The effects were good and the story too. I liked Brent Spiner as the scientist studying the aliens. Far from Data.  The blu-ray looked good and sounded good also. It was worth the price.
B000002KB8|4.0|Black Sabbath (Self-titled debut):  Taking into account that Ozzy was, and is, thoroughly insane, the band did manage to make some spectacular albums (even if they were spectacularly creepy).  This, their first, is one of their best.  I like the album, I don't love it.
B00407PNWO|5.0|Errol Flynn was and always will be the best Robin Hood.  I can't imagine how anyone else could top his performance in this masterpiece.  Why don't I have this on Blu Ray yet!!!  I will for this Christmas!
B000059T1E|5.0|Traffic / John Barleycorn Must Die (single CD with one bonus track):  This is a Great but short album.  Every track on this album is classic and (even as short as it is) it is an Essential album.  This CD adds one bonus track, \\"Sittin here thinkin of my love\\" which is very good.  This album deserves a five star rating.<br /><br />There is another version of the album, a 2 CD \\"Deluxe Edition\\".  That version has a couple of outtake tracks and an ok live performance from the era.  However, that edition does not even add the \\"Sittin her thinkin of my love\\" track that is found in the single CD described above!  The \\"deluxe edition\\" I would describe as `cluttered but album length'.  In comparison, the single CD is much better than the \\"deluxe edition\\".
B005Y1B3Q0|5.0|The 114 minute extended director's cut of Sylvester Stallone's 2010 action extravaganza \\"The Expendables\\" is a more deep, well rounded and satisfying version of the film that was already a great deal of fun in its original 103 minute theatrical cut. I'm usually wary of so called \\"extended\\" or \\"unrated\\" cuts of modern movies as they usually just involve shoehorning back in deleted scenes that were cut out for a reason.<br /><br />The director's cut of The Expendables isn't that at all. As Sly himself states in a great introduction to the new blu-ray of his film, he basically started from scratch and re-edited the movie from the ground up to what his original vision and intention of the film was from the outset. He says that he liked the theatrical cut  but that he loves the director's cut. I completely agree with him!<br /><br />One thing that really stuck out to me is that the theatrical cut was edited in such a way that the majority of the film seemed to be focused much more on Sly and Jason Statham's characters. That is completely understandable since they were really the box office draw (in addition to the Bruce Willis and Schwarzenegger cameos). One of the criticisms of the theatrical cut that a lot of people had was that the other members of the Expendables team weren't given as much room to breathe and seemed kind of short changed in terms of getting to know who they all were better.<br /><br />This has been completely rectified in the extended director's cut as all of the other characters get nice additional moments that really brings a sense of how they work as a team better than the theatrical cut did at times. The director's cut seems to have a lot more heart and soul now than it did in the theatrical cut. While I still prefer the theatrical cut of his 2008 film \\"Rambo\\" to the extended director's cut as I didn't agree with a lot of the additions that he put back in, I completely agree with his decisions on this new director's cut of The Expendables. So if you're a big fan of the film as I was, it's worth it picking it up as most places only have it for 15 dollars right now. None of the additions slow down the pacing of the film in my opinion and instead greatly enrich it. There's also more humor in this cut too that doesn't seem forced and makes the characters even more likeable.<br /><br />The one thing that I need to mention is that the excellent Stallone commentary track wasn't carried over to this release which makes sense as he did that one for the theatrical cut. He didn't though record a new commentary track for the director's cut as he's knee deep in making the sequel at the moment. The exhaustive Inferno documentary has been carried over but all of the other extras from the theatrical cut blu-ray like the post production featurette and the hilarious 2010 Comic-Con panel are missing in action. I particularly liked on the director's cut blu ray the 20 minute interview with Sly going over his career particularly as a director. I would just switch out the extended cut blu-ray with the pointless digital copy disc in the original 3 disc release and make your own sort of deluxe edition of The Expendables. If you haven't seen the film yet and are wanting to check it out, I recommend the director's cut over the theatrical cut as it is a better version of the film. I view this new release as much moreso complementing the original release rather than replacing it.<br /><br />Highly recommended and I can't wait for The Expendables 2 in August 2012! BRING ON THE EXPLOSIONS!!!you're a big fan of the film as I was, it's worth it picking it up as most places only have it for 15 dollars right now. None of the additions slow down the pacing of the film in my opinion and instead greatly enrich it. There's also more humor in this cut too that doesn't seem forced and makes the characters even more likeable.<br /><br />The one thing that I need to mention is that the excellent Stallone commentary track wasn't carried over to this release which makes sense as he did that one for the theatrical cut. He didn't though record a new commentary track for the director's cut as he's knee deep in making the sequel at the moment. The exhaustive Inferno documentary has been carried over but all of the other extras from the theatrical cut blu-ray like the post production featurette and the hilarious 2010 Comic-Con panel are missing in action. I particularly liked on the director's cut blu ray the 20 minute interview with Sly going over his career particularly as a director. I would just switch out the extended cut blu-ray with the pointless digital copy disc in the original 3 disc release and make your own sort of deluxe edition of The Expendables. If you haven't seen the film yet and are wanting to check it out, I recommend the director's cut over the theatrical cut as it is a better version of the film. I view this new release as much moreso complementing the original release rather than replacing it.<br /><br />Highly recommended and I can't wait for The Expendables 2 in August 2012! BRING ON THE EXPLOSIONS!!!
B000002KHH|5.0|Black Sabbath / Paranoid: Moving beyond the merely creepy, in this, their second album, Black Sabbath makes an album of dark social commentary.  This is a very entertaining album, yet one that ought to be taken seriously, even if it freaks you out a bit.  This is a five star album.
0307279189|4.0|It's clear that McDougall loves to run and loves to write. He's a master storyteller whose writing is energetic, enthusiastic, witty, and just plain fun to read. At times, though, I got confused as one story about long-distance runners led to another that led to another till I wasn't sure who was who. The level of detail about all these runners and their races may be appropriate for people with a passion for long-distance running, but for me, as former jogger of the 10K variety, it began to feel like overload.<br /><br />Still, the story of the ultra-ultra-long-distance running Tarahumara tribe is fascinating. And the information about the damage caused by running shoes that are supposed to improve running, rather than make it impossible, is important for all runners - though this information didn't surface till more than halfway into the book and I might easily have missed it as I took to skimming some of the stories. I was fortunate in never getting injured running, but I realize now that I was lucky.<br /><br />I recommend this book to all runners, past, present, and future, and whether you're a marathoner or an around-the-block jogger. But even if you're not into running, if you enjoy lively storytelling about amazing people, it's worth taking a look.
B000002OVJ|5.0|The Who / Live at Leeds (1995 single disc version - 14 tracks): The great Live at Leeds album with bonus tracks.  This is the best CD of the album.  Five Stars!<br /><br />There is the other \\"deluxe edition\\" which has 2 CDs and includes the entire `Tommy' performance from the concert.  If you're like me, you already have more than one version of `Tommy' and don't really need to spend the extra money for yet another.  However, if you do not have a live `Tommy' CD, the \\"deluxe\\" version might be of interest to you.
B000JLSLZQ|5.0|Bought that blu ray DVD for my new Blu Ray DVD player for testing.  Good picture, good music and good sounds.
B001UV4XJ2|4.0|Had already viewed this movie in the Theater, wanted it for my collection. This movie in my opinion is a little to dark for small children, but enjoyable for young adults and adults.
B004XNGKBS|4.0|I highly recommend this app.  I use it regularly. Great for notes with numbers.  Get the paid version.  Quick and easy.
B003L77GGK|4.0|The sixth season and the show hasn't lost any of it's steam. Funny, scary and >ahem&lt; family friendly....sort of. The show's still NOT for everybody, but if you have a sense of humor and a need for escape from reality TV, this is a good bet.
B0039ZF8D2|2.0|I'm an AVID fan of hip hop and reggae (especially of the ROOTS variety)...I could recite Illmatic backwards if asked...amongst a plethora of other hip hop and respectable reggae artists.  However, this album is a huge disappointment...nothing sticks, the production/lyrics aren't anything to boast about...many songs are predictable and have been done before...\\"Let Down\\" is the most ideal way to describe this offering.  I guess I chose to write this review for one main reason...It's aimed at other reviewers that gave such a \\"high\\" rating...Just because two successful artists come together doesn't necessarily imply that it's going to be good or that it deserves positive feedback...It seems many of you did just that (gave it a high rating just for the heck of it)...For future reviews don't be a sheep, be a shepherd...peace
B00007BHOE|5.0|I got this for my boyfriend for Christmas. He absolutly loves it!! There is a option to watch each member from different cameras and he just thinks that is amazing! He loves slipknot so any slipknot fan will enjoy this!
0307891372|5.0|This is a must have for any skyrim player.  It has detailed explainations on every quest?  Shipping was quick and cheap.  Overall I'm very happy with my purchase
B0000AOV85|5.0|This is an amazing dvd!!! If you want to get a one on one with roger waters and why they did alot of what they dis this is for you!! Its interveiws about behing the scenes and making of darkside of the moon. Alot of intresting information. And pink floyd fan would want to add this to their collection!
B002GOAH1U|4.0|.....a movie just like this that every time it comes on you always manage to watch at least a part of it.  This is not a great movie, some of the casting is questionable, many of the jokes fall flat, the pratfalls are pitifully contrived but for some reason, it all seems to come together to make this one of those movies like Ghost, Mrs. Doubtfire and Dirty Dancing that doesn't seem to have a saturation point in how many times you can view it.  I think the reason it succeeds is due to the story itself.  Daphne, a teenage girl played by Amanda Bynes runs off to England to meet the father she never knew and who never knew of his daughter's existence. Of course, Daddy isn't some average Joe but a Lord who is moving up in the world of politics.  Also included are an evil fiancee and an equally evil soon to be stepsister.  Of course, there is a charming young man she meets along the way.  My only complaint about this movie is that it takes place only a few years ago and  while it can be said that Americans invented rock and roll (some 50 years ago), the ridiculous notion that only the American Daphne can save an otherwise stuffy party by asking the band to play a James Brown song which rescues the party from an otherwise certain bore fest is quite arrogant.  London has rocked and rolled for a long time.  Yes, I guess I can find all sorts of things wrong, but I know the next time I see it on TV, I'll check in for at least a few minutes.
0670022950|2.0|This is not a full review but only an account of the weaknesses and errors a reader slightly educated in history or anthropology is likely to find. So far, I have only read big commendations by Pinker's fans likely to have no knowledge about what he is writing about, and a few paltry reviews by people who haven't read the book. Hopefully, this will make up for a lack of analysis in the previous reviews.<br /><br />Having read all previous Pinker's books, I think this is the worst. Digressing from what is his main area of expertise, he comes to make a cornucopia of mistakes and inaccuracies that should be duly pointed out. Unfortunately, these are quite a lot so that a review of this kind does not suffice. Anyway, here is a brief summary (I'll go through chapters)..<br /><br />The first and second chapters are about the ancient times, the dangerous past. There is a big lacuna in statistics here. Neither does Pinker uses comprehensive sources regarding hunter-gatherers societies (the figures he shows concerns only few societies), nor can we ever know about the past. As we find a great variability in terms of violence and social change in contemporary hunter-gatherer societies, we cannot think that `primitive' societies remained the same for millennia; so we cannot take the Yanomamo as our living ancestors. Indeed the warlike Yanomamo the only non-state society Pinker writes about. This was a famous case reported by Chagnon that has been heavily criticised by many academics (in a 500 page book on the subject Brian Ferguson argues that they became increasingly aggressive because of continuous Western intrusions). Actually, Pinker also mentions the !Kung San, writing about how violent they were with the European colonists (but who would be peaceful towards a sanguinary invader?). As anthropologists normally know, the ways and frequency in which violence is carried out in non-state societies varies dramatically cross-culturally. Pinker does not show statistics about markedly peaceful and egalitarian societies like the Piaroa , Birhor, Doukhobors, Lepchas, Fipa, Semai, Fore, Yanadi ,Kadar, Mbuti or Paliyans to name but a few, or other perhaps less egalitarians but equally peaceful groups like the Hutterites, Brethrens, Quakers, Mennonites or Moravians. All these do not fall within the author's view of human nature.<br />Also, it is argued that the state was developed because people decided that law was better than war. Actually the state in all cases did not originate through such acute reflections but with the sheer use of violence. In `Society against the state' and `the archaeology of violence', Pierre Clastres showed that non-state societies were organized in ways to prevent abuses of power. Violence was mainly levelled against people who wanted to impose one's force over others or against those who refrained from sharing resources. As primatologist de Waal pointed out, the same thing happens with chimpanzees. I think that this offers interesting ethical insights. I guess that everybody would rather condemn to death 10 rapists or impostors than 5 innocents. Well, one could make the case that in recent times the situation has overturned. It is normally people deemed to be innocent by the majority who get killed (Giorgio Agamben also makes this point). Such reflections of course do not figure in Pinker's statistics. Liquidating the issue of non-state societies in a few pages with scanty data, he then goes on writing about the civilizing process. The shrewd reader, though, would recognize the fact that we are no longer talking about `human nature' on the whole.<br /><br />Chapter 3. This is about the civilizing process. Pinker uses Elias' well-known book to illustrate the causes of the decline of violence in relative numbers in last centuries, highlighting how a change in more decorous manners by the upper class has helped such transformation. I don't know how he has interpreted the book but surely Elias talks a lot more about how our everyday life has become emotionally constrained by such new mannerisms than he does about violence. David Graeber, in his book `Possibilities' uses Elias in the exact opposite way Pinker does. Also, it is evident from the reading of it that such manners and behaviours were created by the upper class in order to take the distance from the lower class, rather than being sagaciously formulated as to diminish violence.<br />Other inaccuracies: &#34;African American have often been more violent because factually stateless&#34;. There's a serious neglect of history. Read, for example, Bourgois' &#34;in search of respect: selling crack in El Barrio&#34;; he gives an idea about how this kind of violence actually harks back to colonial history.<br /><br />Chapter 4. The chapter dedicated to the humanitarian revolution. Starts off with a few sensationalistic accounts on how terrible torture used to be. While highlighting very well this change (abolition of torture, etc...), I think he fails to take into account how things like `sacrifice' and `sorcery' were experienced and conceptualized by the people practicing them. His view is markedly positivist (of the like of James Frazier), an analytical framework that has been disproved by every academic working on the subject since at least the 1920s. Also, many have pointed out that with the abolition of torture, violence hasn't vanished into thin air, but has taken other forms. Foucault notably argued that public display of violence has transformed in private forms of oppression (from his `discipline and punishment'). Accordingly, Pinker praises Bentham for his commitment against torture but forgets that the same man designed the `panopticon'.<br />Anyway, I think that the greatest blunder of this chapter is his idea of `gentle commerce' (?). I am quite well-read about history of economics but I'm sure I've never encountered such a term. With `gentle commerce', I'd imagine two merchants on a camel or a horse meeting at a crossroad, exchanging a couple of bows, a smile, and a kilo of dates for some bananas, before trotting back home. Of course, such thing has never existed. Human history has witnessed so many types of exchange and economic systems (from gift to planned to market economy; although barter economy is somewhat of a myth, as David Graeber has shown in his last book on debt), each of them implying a different sort of violence according to the specific historical circumstances. If for `gentle commerce', Pinker means `capitalism' in general (although there have been so many variants), well, some people (Karl Polanyi for example) have argued that it was such `gentle commerce' the cause lying behind the rise of fascism, the various nationalisms and the first world war. Not to say anything about the deleterious effects on the rest of the world, but, of course, this is not violence, nor it can make statistics.<br />Pinker also claims that African poverty is due to the failure of African governments. This is so superficial I don't even want to start talk about it. Reading Chomsky on the `structural adjustments' policies of the IMF will do. I guess that the author has never heard of the `world system theories' of people like Wallerstein or Gunder Frank who cogently argued that, due to its inner logic, capitalism always implies the development of only few areas to the detriment of the others. `Gentle commerce', whatever that means, is hardly a cause for the decline of violence and, given the current situation, it's likely to increase it in the future.<br /><br />Chapter 5 and 6. These are about the `long peace' and the `new peace' accounting for the period from WW2. Same unsuitable interpretations of economic history (page 287 is just scandalous). For the author, the uprisings in Iraq were due to anarchy and not to US legacy which is of course debatable. Also, there is a big misrepresentation of anarchism and Marxism. Unlike what he says, the first is nowadays very far from romantic utopianism but engaged in practical activism (see OWS, completely based on anarchist principles); the second does no longer believe in a teleological course of history (something that it has abandoned for about a century, Pinker has missed it).<br />There are frequent references about the eruption of violence in some collapsed states in Africa like Somalia, and it is claimed that this is due to anarchy. In fact, the reality is far more complicated (see authors like James Ferguson or Caroline Nordstrom for a close account of what's going on there). Violence attributed to anarchy is only brought up when we actually hear about such guerrilla warfare. There are so many places with no formal government where people do not start killing each other. Rural Madagascar is an example (Graeber in his book `Possibilities').<br />End chapter 5: &#34;the motto of capitalism being `make money, not war'&#34; (?).<br /><br />Chapter 7. In the overall better presented chapter on the rights revolution, Pinker, while praising such achievements, leaves out some important aspects. For example, `human rights abuses' are only evoked when governments are seen as trespassing on some victim's person or possession (rape, killing), but they are never evoked when they eliminate price supports on basic foodstuff, even if it leads to malnutrition or famine. Both the man who gets shot and the man who starves die. Arguably, dying of starvation or of diseases related to malnutrition is even worse. For Pinker, only the first is violence. If we allow the second to be considered violence too, then the statistics would reverse.<br />Plus, he forgets to point out that all these were achieved through grass-root protest (not through the divine clemency of the state), the kind of protest that, according to him, leads to chaos and violence in other occasions.<br />Also, his claim that women in primitive societies are `property' of men is false (read Strathern's `gender of the gift' for a discussion on the topic).<br />The fact that punishment on children in hunter-gatherers societies does not exist is given only a line (how does that figure in the decline of violence?).<br />Says that the rate of impulsive violence of yesterday's adults was far higher than today's (where is the data?).<br />In regards to gay rights, Pinker does not mention that the categories of homo and heterosexual were not marked at all prior to the modern era. Sexuality wasn't a social identifier in ancient Rome or Greece. There, gay rights would have been nonsensical (see Greenberg `the construction of homosexuality'). As for the animal rights, he does not give enough weight to factory farming.<br />On the whole, I don't understand the point of this chapter in the context of the big argument about the decline of violence in human history: all these rights movements relate to trends that occurred only from the second half of the XX century.<br /><br />Chapters 8 and 9. These are the best chapters, where Pinker applies his expertise (in fact, he had none in the previous seven). Of course, his view of the mind is not uncontroversial (see Jerry Fodor for a strong critique of his position) and here too one can find a lot of errors or inaccuracies:<br />&#34;Biological altruism is perfectly compatible with psychological altruism&#34;: this is just false. See Mauss' `the gift' for a radically different account.<br />&#34;Dominance is an adaptation to anarchy&#34; (?)<br />The data in these chapters is only taken from his friends Buss, Daly and Wilson and Chagnon.<br />The view of `empathy' that he puts forward and acclaims is a very Christian one, one that always implies an inferior human being to be empathic towards.<br />Finally, through the whole book he praises the great figure of the Enlightenment and their use of Reason which is thought to have brought the decline of violence. But I see a big difference between, say, Voltaire or Verri or Beccaria, and Pinker. The first were actually politically engaged:there was a lot of pugnacious activism and pragmatism in their thought. Pinker, on the other hand, seems too often very complacent and defends the same institutions against which millions of people the world over are protesting against right now.<br /><br />To summarise, I think that the main claim he puts forward is an important one. We tend to think that our times are the most violent in history but this, Pinker has shown, is not true (in relative numbers, plus we are not sure about our far past). However, the explanation of this and the arguments he presents are often flawed, seasoned with unsuitable sensationalistic sketches and imbued with much superficiality that are not suitable when you want to make such a big claim. Words like `democracy', `government' or `gentle commerce' are not seriously analyzed. Consequentially, his view of history is a very mechanical one: we were extremely violent in the past and thanks to the Leviathan and `gentle commerce' we have become better persons. We either accept the political and economical assets of our era or we risk going back to violence and chaos. I don't think that a lot of people around the world would like to endorse this view given how the same organizations and institutions that the author praises are currently operating. Unlike what he thinks, people criticising modernity nowadays, with the exception of a few insane minds like John Zerzan, are not romantic or nostalgic about our past; they are not against cars or telephones, rather, they are against they ways the system works which, as history and anthropology tell us, can be organized in completely different ways, not implying an automatic increase of violence. Pinker identifies violence only with physical acts (rape, murder), and makes statistics in virtue of which he goes on ranking different societies and historical periods. But he forgets the structural and subjective side of it. In fact, a society with a 100 deaths out of 100000 per year could still be a decent place to live while a society with 1 death out of 100000 could be hell. The equation &#34;less deaths out of 100000=better world&#34; cannot be made. At the end, using a quantitative analysis of violence and leaving aside qualitative aspects of it makes this book quite irrelevant; the arguments you find within do not live up to what its cosmic and cheap title would suggest at first.anarchist principles); the second does no longer believe in a teleological course of history (something that it has abandoned for about a century, Pinker has missed it). There are frequent references about the eruption of violence in some collapsed states in Africa like Somalia, and it is claimed that this is due to anarchy. In fact, the reality is far more complicated (see authors like James Ferguson or Caroline Nordstrom for a close account of what's going on there). Violence attributed to anarchy is only brought up when we actually hear about such guerrilla warfare. There are so many places with no formal government where people do not start killing each other. Rural Madagascar is an example (Graeber in his book `Possibilities'). End chapter 5: &#34;the motto of capitalism being `make money, not war'&#34; (?).  Chapter 7. In the overall better presented chapter on the rights revolution, Pinker, while praising such achievements, leaves out some important aspects. For example, `human rights abuses' are only evoked when governments are seen as trespassing on some victim's person or possession (rape, killing), but they are never evoked when they eliminate price supports on basic foodstuff, even if it leads to malnutrition or famine. Both the man who gets shot and the man who starves die. Arguably, dying of starvation or of diseases related to malnutrition is even worse. For Pinker, only the first is violence. If we allow the second to be considered violence too, then the statistics would reverse. Plus, he forgets to point out that all these were achieved through grass-root protest (not through the divine clemency of the state), the kind of protest that, according to him, leads to chaos and violence in other occasions. Also, his claim that women in primitive societies are `property' of men is false (read Strathern's `gender of the gift' for a discussion on the topic). The fact that punishment on children in hunter-gatherers societies does not exist is given only a line (how does that figure in the decline of violence?). Says that the rate of impulsive violence of yesterday's adults was far higher than today's (where is the data?). In regards to gay rights, Pinker does not mention that the categories of homo and heterosexual were not marked at all prior to the modern era. Sexuality wasn't a social identifier in ancient Rome or Greece. There, gay rights would have been nonsensical (see Greenberg `the construction of homosexuality'). As for the animal rights, he does not give enough weight to factory farming. On the whole, I don't understand the point of this chapter in the context of the big argument about the decline of violence in human history: all these rights movements relate to trends that occurred only from the second half of the XX century.  Chapters 8 and 9. These are the best chapters, where Pinker applies his expertise (in fact, he had none in the previous seven). Of course, his view of the mind is not uncontroversial (see Jerry Fodor for a strong critique of his position) and here too one can find a lot of errors or inaccuracies: &#34;Biological altruism is perfectly compatible with psychological altruism&#34;: this is just false. See Mauss' `the gift' for a radically different account. &#34;Dominance is an adaptation to anarchy&#34; (?) The data in these chapters is only taken from his friends Buss, Daly and Wilson and Chagnon. The view of `empathy' that he puts forward and acclaims is a very Christian one, one that always implies an inferior human being to be empathic towards. Finally, through the whole book he praises the great figure of the Enlightenment and their use of Reason which is thought to have brought the decline of violence. But I see a big difference between, say, Voltaire or Verri or Beccaria, and Pinker. The first were actually politically engaged: there was a lot of pugnacious activism and pragmatism in their thought. Pinker, on the other hand, seems too often very complacent and defends the same institutions against which millions of people the world over are protesting against right now.  To summarise, I think that the main claim he puts forward is an important one. We tend to think that our times are the most violent in history but this, Pinker has shown, is not true (in relative numbers, plus we are not sure about our far past). However, the explanation of this and the arguments he presents are often flawed, seasoned with unsuitable sensationalistic sketches and imbued with much superficiality that are not suitable when you want to make such a big claim. Words like `democracy', `government' or `gentle commerce' are not seriously analyzed. Consequentially, his view of history is a very mechanical one: we were extremely violent in the past and thanks to the Leviathan and `gentle commerce' we have become better persons. We either accept the political and economical assets of our era or we risk going back to violence and chaos. I don't think that a lot of people around the world would like to endorse this view given how the same organizations and institutions that the author praises are currently operating. Unlike what he thinks, people criticising modernity nowadays, with the exception of a few insane minds like John Zerzan, are not romantic or nostalgic about our past; they are not against cars or telephones, rather, they are against they ways the system works which, as history and anthropology tell us, can be organized in completely different ways, not implying an automatic increase of violence. Pinker identifies violence only with physical acts (rape, murder), and makes statistics in virtue of which he goes on ranking different societies and historical periods. But he forgets the structural and subjective side of it. In fact, a society with a 100 deaths out of 100000 per year could still be a decent place to live while a society with 1 death out of 100000 could be hell. The equation &#34;less deaths out of 100000=better world&#34; cannot be made. At the end, using a quantitative analysis of violence and leaving aside qualitative aspects of it makes this book quite irrelevant; the arguments you find within do not live up to what its cosmic and cheap title would suggest at first.
1591841666|5.0|A great person to purchase from.  No issues.  Product actually arrived sooner than expected.  I would recommend this book to anyone in sales.
B00005JKDR|5.0|The story is unique and the monsters are so loveable!  This is one of my absolute favorite Disney movies ever released.  The humor has a nice adult feel to it without being inappropriate and the animation is outstanding.  I am excited to be able to watch this movie with the kids in our family for years and years to come!!
B0058VW36U|2.0|This is a great little game, fun to play, yet sadly in need of update.  Amazon is several versions behind and has been for months, with no update in sight.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|Started watching this show a couple episodes into the first season and from there I was hooked!  This is one of those shows that anyone can relate to, because everyone has some quirky family members that don't fit the typical mold of a family they used to show on tv comedies.
0307891402|4.0|This is a great guide. Full of pictures, notes, and helpful tips. It explain quests thoroughly and is helpful. What I think could be better is the maps in the book. They are somewhat vague and can be hard to understand. Overall, I think it was worth the price. It's a thick text, larger than most of my college text books! This book is filled with  a lot of useful information.
B001GCUNWQ|4.0|I loved the first film, but was somewhat disappointed with the second one.  So it was with a little reservation that I started watching this one.  But \\"Dawn of the Dinosaurs\\" has a lot of great moments and is much more in line with the first film as far as humor goes.
B002I0J5FG|5.0|After hearing too many great things about this game, I decided to pick up this HD collection for PS3 at a local game shop.  USED.  I don't understand how anyone could wanna trade this collection in, but THANK YOU!  Now that I've had the chance to play Shadow of the Colossus... I can safely say how much I enjoyed and loved this game.  I spent a good 8 hours and 27 minutes going through all the colossi of the land, and when I was done I really wanted to start over again.<br /><br />Instead, I decided to play through ICO.  Once again, I loved it.  Not as much as Colossus, but still a very good game.  A lot of frustrating moments though, if you keep distracted too much it's so easy to have that girl taken from you.  I admit I still haven't completely beaten it yet... but when I do I'll update this review to give my final opinion.  In the meantime though, I've been checking out the hard mode on Shadow of the Colossus, and I plan on trying out Time Attack to get the unlockable stuff, such as items and upgrades to help you take down those beasts a lot easier.  I may even just play another regular game of it just because I can!<br /><br />ICO<br />Pros:<br />-Most likely a new game for a majority of its audience.  I hadn't even heard of Ico until I was reading up on Colossus a while back.<br />-Easy to learn gameplay... but if it's too weird for you there's a button configuration screen.<br />-Beautiful graphics<br />-No need to rely on a HUD.<br />Cons:<br />-In spite of that, some sort of HUD would have been useful.<br />-When overwhelmed it's easy to lose the character you're supposed to be rescuing<br />-The repetitive \\"come on\\" voice or whatever gets annoying after a bit (lol)<br /><br />SHADOW OF THE COLOSSUS<br />Pros:<br />-Absolutely stunningly beautiful graphics.<br />-Configurable controls--otherwise the default setup is easy to get used to<br />-Provides just enough challenge, yet feels extremely rewarding after taking down one of them giants<br />-Great story line, surprisingly.  There's one part that had me absolutely gripped.<br />-Has that \\"okay, just one more\\" factor to it.<br />Cons:<br />-I noticed the camera isn't its strong suit.  Patience is required, especially while swimming.<br />-Other than that... the only thing I can really complain about is that it ends.<br /><br />Basically, and I'm saying this as a first-time player of either of these games... if you have a PS3 there's no reason why you shouldn't own this collection.  I don't own a 3D TV to test the 3D on either game, but I hear both of them benefit from it.  Either way, get this!just one more\\" factor to it.  Cons:  -I noticed the camera isn't its strong suit.  Patience is required, especially while swimming.  -Other than that... the only thing I can really complain about is that it ends.  Basically, and I'm saying this as a first-time player of either of these games... if you have a PS3 there's no reason why you shouldn't own this collection.  I don't own a 3D TV to test the 3D on either game, but I hear both of them benefit from it.  Either way, get this!
B005PW3OS8|5.0|It has taken decades to get to this point....A Captain America movie that told the story right and had the action to go with it. I am so glad the demand for serious, classic, superhero movies to be made correctly has taken hold. A million thanks for this movie. Can't wait to see The Avengers!!!!
B005OCFHHK|3.0|Works well but movie 7 part 1 had sound issues the sound didn't match the video, first time I have ever had this problem. Other than that it was great.
B004AKCME8|5.0|This is a wonderful movie that truly brought tears to my eyes.  Of course, I have to admit that I'm a \\"bird lover\\"!
0824835921|4.0|I'm staying in Malaysia.. ordered this book on 16 Nov.. arrived at my doorstep on 8 Dec. This book is very good for the beginner.. it's an alternative way for learning kanji (rather than the brute memory marathon)..
B0015AARJI|4.0|I bought a new Dualshock 3 controller, because my 3 year old one was worn out, and who knows if I might play locally with anyone else. When I opened it, there was no usb cable, which was not an inconvenience to me, but shows cheapness. I immediately noticed the crisp feeling when I pressed the buttons, especially the directional pad. To my surprise, the analog stick felt better too, a little less loose as my 3 year old controller. My inputs were significantly better. I recommend buying for anyone who needs a new controller for their Ps3, or as a gift for the upcoming holiday season. However, I suggest NOT take the cheap road and buy a cheap controller from a shady third party. Most of these negative reviews are from those that got scammed when they thought they were getting a good cheap deal. When ordering online, buy from Amazon, at least you are guaranteed compensation and a return policy.  Pros:  D-pad does not feel as stiff  Analog Stick does not feel as loose  Buttons are more responsive  Works perfectly  Cons:  No usb cord. For +$50, this controller better come with a cord. *minus 1 star*
B005IGVYUG|5.0|You're not supposed to be this far along in your career and put out your best music, ever. But that's what this is, his best so far. Its a strange and beautiful album.
B005J4TLN4|4.0|I have been awaiting this one for a while.  It was very much worth the wait!  \\"Attack the Block\\" is a nice little piece of science fiction with a nice twist on alien invasion.<br /><br />A nurse on her way home is accosted by a gang of local youths.  She is robbed, but during the robbery something crashes into a parked car.  The gang witnesses this strange \\"bald monkey\\" and corners it.  I suppose as a right of manhood they have decided they are going to kill it.  Little do they know, they have just killed a female alien who has come to breed.  Her pheramones are now all over the gang, and all her \\"boyfriends\\" are now in hot pursuit.  It is now a duel to the death between the protagonist (Moses), his gang, and the creatures.<br /><br />\\"Attack the Block\\" was a very refreshing take on \\"Alien\\"--not as savage, but still a lot of fun.  All the actors (and the majority of them are young men), are very believable in their roles.  When they find out their first robbery victim lives \\"in the block,\\" they now decided to defend her.  In fact, they tell her if they had known where she lived, they wouldn't have bothered her in the first place!<br /><br />The movie has an 88 minute run time and is rated R for language and some violence.  It was written and directed by Joe Cornish.  I did not care all that much for the male creatures because they were CGI creations. Although they could be brutal, their \\"scream\\" was more menacing.  On a side note:  I would advise that you turn on the English subtitles.  The \\"gang slang\\" and heavy cockney accents were hard to decipher and understand.  Having that \\"translation\\" on the screen helped me enjoy and understand the movie more.  Another recommended one!!
B000F4LPJ6|1.0|After reading the Hunger Games by Collins, I felt empty and unsatisfied.  I then signed onto Amazon and reviewed some of the reviews on her book and realized that I wasn't alone.  I found that her ideas for her book assumingly came from another book, which was Battle Royale.  I had to find out whether it was true, since The Hunger Games read like a bunch of plots tied into one.   It took me 3 days total to read the 600 pages of Battle Royale.  The book was Awesome!  I loved reading it and enjoyed every second.  The story was so well put together and realistic that it had me thinking about highschool and what I would do if I were in that situation.  However, after getting into 20 minutes of the movie, I was disgusted.  I couldn't beleive that the Director took a already perfectly set plot and distorted it to make no sense.    Then I saw that so many people commented positvely on the movie and thought that it might actually be as good as the book or better.  Total opposite!  The movie was horrible.  Actually it was ridiculous, considering that the book provided a perfect premise.  I can only say that I am glad that I read the book first, or I would have never known how good it was based on the movie.  The Hunger Games were a total sham.  After reading the first book, which took me 3 weeks to read all 300 plus pages, I decided not to read another.  After reading Battle Royale, I can see why so many people accused Collins of stealing the idea from Battle Royale (the novel).  If you don't beleive me, read the novel.  Don't give the movie a second thought, you will be dissappointed!
0545123291|5.0|Maggie has done it again! This was one of those books that I couldn't stop reading. I should have been working, or cooking dinner, or cleaning, but instead I was reading. I loved it. I don't see how I am possibly going to wait for the last installment of this trilogy. This is one of those series that you become so involved with the characters that you feel like you really connect and get all of them. I have read books where the characters are just there to facilitate the story, but here the story IS the characters. They are quirky, and lovably messed up in their own ways. This is up there on my list of favorite books of all time. I am going to read Shiver and Linger over and over again biding my time for \\"Forever\\".<br /><br />Linger delivered a fantastic follow-up to Shiver that left me drooling like a wolf. The beautiful, poetic writing I remembered in the first novel continued to warm my heart. Maggie's way with words are distinct and have the ability to move mountains. Grace and Sam's relationship blossomed and I enjoyed seeing their love come to light even more after the change. In my eyes, Sam will forever stay the sweetest character in YA. The way he carried himself through rough situations proved how much he loved Grace. If only all guys acted like Sam, all would be right in the world. But, then we would never have characters such as Cole, a newly infected wolf who was a complex rock star with demons. He was perceived as cocky and different from the others. At first, he was a mystery but once I started peeling back his layers I started to sympathize with him......<br /><br />Question?????  Is it me or is the writing between the lines implying that Sam and Grace are \\"sleeping\\" together and not just sleeping together?<br /><br />UPDATED REVIEW!!!<br /><br />bookshelves: 2nd-in-series, magic, shape-shifters, werewolves, wolves, young-adult,  Maggie Stiefvater, The wolves of Mercy Falls, own-pdf, own- Hard Copy<br /><br />Recommended to Lissa by: Books 4 Review Club<br /><br />Recommended for: Anyone who loves supernatural love stories with werewolf<br /><br />Read again from December 01 to 31, 2011<br /><br />I was fortunate enough to make the cut for reviewing this book for the Books 4 Review Club and in no way does, it affects my review...<br /><br />When my reading club moderators announced that we would be reading The Wolves of Mercy Falls Series, I was ecstatic. I had always wanted to share the story with my daughter and luckily she was now eleven and we could share the story together. If you read my review of Shiver the first book in the series, you would understand what a hurdle it was for us for us to finish the book in as little as five days.<br /><br />Linger, the second installment of the Wolves of Mercy Falls series, and to put it simply; it was amazing! Macy and I found ourselves eager to jump into the second book and seeing what happens between Grace and Sam. It has been a while since I had originally read Linger. After reading Shiver with my daughter and taking so much time to explain the storyline to her... we had no choice but to continue the series and what and awesome series it is. The thing I really loved about Linger was that not only do you get Sam and Grace's point-of-views but also Isabelle and Cole's. They each have their own little side stories that really add to the mix. There characters were overwhelmingly screwed up and extremely attention grabbing.<br /><br />I think together we enjoyed this book more than the first. Sam and Grace Relationship were growing stronger and more intimate. Many things are happening in the story line with Isabelle and Cole characters and it adds fullness to the story.<br /><br />Speaking of Cole, at first Macy and I did not like his character at all. He was excessively selfish and annoying beyond compare. In the end, he managed to charm his way into our hearts and truly grew on us. I personal was glad to see the all the male roles grow and develop into some amazinglystrong men. Sam as usual, was pitching perfect. However, what I enjoyed most was learning more about Cole's cold dark and distant past.<br /><br />The story line really expands in this book and tension get very intense in Linger. We spend most of our time on the edge of our seats begging to read faster. Sam and Grace's love grows to a point of almost pure desperation. Throughout the read Sam, Grace, and Isabelle have their own battles as well as dealing with discovered secrets, murder, the new wolf Cole and responsible for their own actions.<br /><br />I was glad to see the age rating raised from Shiver's 12 and up to 14 and up for Linger's story. Although my daughter better understood the story I still would not allow her to read it on her own, nor in the company of her ill informed friend. It does bring up questions that parents can use as a lifeline to open communications with their children.ld dark and distant past.  The story line really expands in this book and tension get very intense in Linger. We spend most of our time on the edge of our seats begging to read faster. Sam and Grace's love grows to a point of almost pure desperation. Throughout the read Sam, Grace, and Isabelle have their own battles as well as dealing with discovered secrets, murder, the new wolf Cole and responsible for their own actions.  I was glad to see the age rating raised from Shiver's 12 and up to 14 and up for Linger's story. Although my daughter better understood the story I still would not allow her to read it on her own, nor in the company of her ill informed friend. It does bring up questions that parents can use as a lifeline to open communications with their children.
054531058X|1.0|I honestly can't see the why anyone would give this book a good review.  The book is about 320 pages long.  The first 150 pages were used to develop the main character who seemed even more unfamiliar as the story rolled along.  The author claims to have gotten her idea for the book from contemporary research.  This is a lie, whether she or her publisher admits it or not.  The book too closely resembles the premise of Battle Royale.    Actually, towards the end of Hunger Games I started wondering, why was the author including a love story plot to the book that, up to that point, was devoid of such an idea.    After reading Battle Royale, I saw why.  However, Collins was extremely less successful in developing her characters (which were a handful) then the Japanese author (which were many).    I know there are alot of Collin's fans that would like to hunt me down after this review but I have to be honest.  Her idea was stolen and if you don't believe me, read Battle Royale.  I guarantee you will come to the same conclusion.
B004X80QNG|3.0|I have been using this on my 10&quot; Toshiba THRiVE for a few days and will continue to use it for now. The main views are very nice looking andbit is very easy to get the gist of your task list and calendar at a glance. It is completely integrated with the built in Android app which is very nice. The editors and preferences offerba lot of flexibility but are somewhat lacking in sane defaults--you will spend several minutes setting things up and getting your tasks sorted if you want the views to be useful. There is also a confusing number of ways to group your tasks and events. You can group into folders, context, and category. The edit screens themselves are very dense and cluttered and do not look like anything else I have ever seen on Android. I read in another review that this was ported from pre-Android smartphone OSes, so I suppose that makes some sense. The numeric keypad it provides for a time selector is awful. I wish it used the regular Android widget for entering times instead. No Widgets are provided, which is kind of a bummer. Finally, the app has some weird quirks. It has been extremely stable and I cannot recall even a single Force Close, but sometimes your edits will revert in weird ways, changing a task date sometimes causes a task to lose the dates set completely, and edits to a task might not show up properly if you switch to a different view (e.g. switching to the Active Tasks view from Today) I would not recommend the sync with either Google Tasks or Toodledo as those seem to be completely unreliable. So all in all, I would say that this app is easily 3 stars for making an attractive calendar and task tracker. I would give it another star ifbsync worked and it was not quite so quirky. I would give it another star if the editors could be decluttered, useful defaults could be provided, and it used standard time picker widgets. Despite only 3 stars, I intend to keep using it for the time being.
B00319ECC4|4.0|Not much to say, I've been a fan of Fear Factory since the early 90's and their music seems to always impress me.
B001R4SYPG|1.0|I first heard this about 35 years ago and found it boring and inpenetrable.  Yes I found it repetitive - but the piece does evolve and I could not hear any of that.  I just heard a carpet of mud.  It was the first \\"minimalist\\" piece I heard, but I went on to become a big fan of Reich, Glass, Adams and others.  But I never had a fondness for In C.  A few years ago I heard the recording by Bang On A Can and my ears opened up.  They created music out of it.  Instruments came in and out, emphasised different things, and finally I could follow the piece.  Had the years and exposure to minimalism changed my point of view, or was it the new recording that made the difference?  So I went back and got a copy of this original recording.  It still sounded like mud.  In fairness, I think it was performed by students and probably no one, not the performers, nor the composer really understood what they had there.  It took years - decades - for the style to be explored and appreciated so that a good recording could be made.
B0010DRYRI|5.0|If you read this to get some idea about the movie itself, stop here, and no matter what, watch it asap.<br />This is one of the best movies ever made.<br />Historical facts etc? Well, let me repeat, this is a \\"movie\\". As one of the users said, the music is real anyway.<br /><br />I have the 2 disc DVD set (it's not flip over type). I bought it in 2005.<br />One of the discs contain the movie (it has both the director's cut and the theatrical versions) and the other one is the special features (interviews etc).<br /><br />Then I saw the movie in Blu-Ray.<br />I read the reviews because I was sceptical about the video quality of the blu-ray. Is it worth it? -Yes (read below).<br />All the reviews are mixed up. I even saw some reviews about laser disc and VHS releases.<br />Well, I want to tell you about the Blu-Ray.<br /><br />Yes it's worth to pay for the Blu-Ray version.<br />I watched both discs (DVD and Blu-Ray) and compared them almost simultaneously in 2 different Blu-Ray players (one being OPPO BD93, the other is Panasonic something). Both players one by one proved that Blu-Ray has a better picture quality than the DVD.<br /><br />Sound didn't seem to differ a lot though. I have a 7.1 sound system with Pioneer Elite receiver, and some nice, really decent speakers. I really could not tell the difference between the two discs (DVD and Blu-ray).<br /><br />If you can find the one-disc Blu-ray version (nowadays available in your grocery store for $11.99). Go for it!<br /><br />And you might have already read it but let me repeat, so far the blu-ray discs contain only the director's cut version (as of December 2011).
B001KZVQJI|5.0|Let me first say that I love this movie and the original. When I was a kid I saw the original on TV and loved the T-Rex fight just like every other kid. Now coming back on this version I have seen this movie more times then I would like to count. I own 3 different copies of it and I have the most recent blu ray release of King Kong.  For those of you who don't know King Kong is about a film director, named Carl Denham who is trying to be a successful movie director during the great depression. While in New York he meets a recently laid off actress named Ann Darrow. He conveniences her to come shoot his movie with her as the main character. Another important character is Jack Driscoll, who is the writer of Carl's film and gets dragged along this adventure with Carl. Basically they take a ship and land on a mysterious island named Skull Island home to the mighty King Kong!  When it comes to the plot of this movie its a very thick and complex plot. There are many characters you meet besides the very few I mentioned. Many people hate the length and the amount of subplots in this movie. All I have to say is that people have to understand how difficult it is to remake King Kong a third time. When your using a movie that's been used over twice already, you have to come up with new stuff and new ideas. You can't just have the same basic plot. Yes, some of the subplots go no where, but many are important and interesting.  The Acting was quite good in this movie too. Naomi Watts did a great job as a beautiful Ann Darrow. Jack Black made a good kind of smart mouthed Carl Denham. Adriend Brody was greatly casted too. Yes Brody is not used to action type movies, but he does portray a play writer. I doubt a play writer would be very good at those types of stunts on Skull Island either. Even the Skull Islanders themselves were great and quite scary looking.  The dialogue was decent. There were a few lines I didn't quite understand especially during the love scenes on the venture voyage at the start. I think that is more because of Peter Jackson's non-experience with writing those kinds of scenes.  Overall I do enjoy watching this movie. Like I said before I have seen it many times and enjoy it every time. This is one of the movies that sparked my great interest in movies, whether it's collecting them, watching them, reviewing them, or making them. If you are looking for a good CGI packed thrill ride this is for you!  (If you liked this visit my blog and read other reviews and comment :)   \\"[...]\\"  Plot- 4.5  Acting-4.5  Dialogue- 5  Overall- 5
0788859544|5.0|Finding, buying and receiving \\"the little mermaid\\" DVD was as easy as 1-2-3. I received the product days before I expected it and it was just as advertised: perfect!
B005K17RU0|5.0|very good app.  easy to use and User friendly.  good graphics and nice map.  more words needed.  how many more?
0226264211|5.0|What can I say - it is difficult to come across a book of wisdom like this that is written in the 20th century. The book presents economic history as is - without censure, without bias, without counterfeits and, most important, without academic nonsense. This is a magnificent book describing abrogation of economic freedoms by big governments world over, and the elimination of the free market and competition.
B002I0J5FG|5.0|En definitiva es una obra de arte, hasta el menu tiene un estilo nico. Graficamente me sorprendi mucho en comparacin a sus versiones orignales, pero aun mas, en comparacin al scope en comparacin a otros juegos de ps3 o xbox. Es un Hit definitivo. talvez no venda tanto como n Call of Duty, per si deseas algo de verdad diferente, es la mejor opcion. No puedes jugar este juego sin pensar en lo maravilloso que puede ser este tipo de expresin.
B001F6ZIXC|3.0|The first few seasons of Sons is entertaining, but then it seems to spiral slowly down. I am still watching the current season, but have sworn to quit watching after this season.  It has fallen apart in so many ways.  The 3rd season is probably the worst, as they take the gang to Ireland.  Even the theme music changes to a Riverdance version.  Ugh!  If I was to compare it to a few other shows I would say it is like a combination of Weeds & Sopranos... but not nearly as good as either of those two shows.  It has the mobster/gang/family mentality of Sopranos, but lacks the same edginess and character development you get throughout Sopranos.  The main characters know they are doing something wrong, but never take the initiative to change it, and the characters who are always bad never get the character development that Sopranos seemed to pull off.    Sons attempts the same \\"small fish\\" in troubled waters as Weeds or Breaking Bad, but never really pulls it together.  The show often focuses on intimate moments between characters, to the point that you literally laugh out loud at how bad some of these scenes are.  Also, there seems to be a strong \\"Sons\\" \\"Samcro\\" marketing scheme that takes hold after season 1.  The gang starts wearing t-shirts, hats, rings, etc that markets their gang. Hell, even the infants have bibs with Sons logos.  Imagine if Tony Soprano wore the Sopranos logo on his shirt everywhere he went and you get the point I am making.  This marketing becomes so overwhelming as seasons develop.  The odd thing- if you are a criminal, why would you want to wear your signature logo everywhere you go?    Sons is a mediocre television show once you really start paying attention to the quality of the writing, acting, and production.  It is entertaining at best, but not a serious contender for much beyond that.
B004XIQIPQ|1.0|Similarity of adj boring  1 sense of boring  deadening, dull, ho-hum, irksome, slow, tedious, tiresome, wearisome, \\"Suck It and See\\"
B005SAZFWK|5.0|I fell in love with this movie in the same way I did in the 1970's with Hal Ashby's great and quirky love story, \\"Harold and Maude\\". \\"Submarine\\" is funny,poignant, and ,like \\"Harold and Maude\\" , filled with the perfect music to frame it's beautiful textures.
0307454541|5.0|This series was amazing!  I can't wait to see the new movie but recommend you read this before!  I listened to them audio also and had to sit in my car to listen no matter how late I was to hear what would happen next.  A true hang on the edge of your seat read!
159562015X|1.0|Although I bought a new book and the access code insert was sealed and unscratched. Yet after trying to register it refused to do so.  I do not know if others have faced the problem but I did buy the book mainly to take the survey so it was a waste
B004LROUNG|2.0|I haven't read Grisham in a while, I found his writing was a bit boring, but I decided to give the Litigators a try.  I can honestly say that the first 97% of the book felt like I was reading the background info and the character development.  Only in the last few pages were a few exciting paragraphs that felt rushed to get the story over with.  I must say I was very disappointed, there was very little actual plot going on.  It was like reading a year in the life of _______.  Sorry, but this book totally missed the mark for me, if you like action and an exciting plot and not just a well developed character, you will not like this book.
B005NQ5LQ4|4.0|I REALLY LIKED THIS MOVIE, ALTHOUGH, I THOUGHT THE FIRST ONE WAS THE EYE-OPENER, GIVING HISTORY ABOUT THE CHINESE REVOLUTION AND WHY THE IP MAN WAS FIGHTING, THEN, THE SECOND ONE WAS VERY GOOD ALSO WHEN HE TOOK ON STUDENTS AND OTHER CAUSES TO DEFEND THE MARITAL ARTS WORLD.
B005K17RU0|4.0|this is a good all around weather app.  you can see hourly weather forecasts and about two weeks into the future.  remembers your locations so you can what is happening in other places.
B005DI8UVK|1.0|This book is one of only a few read in my life time that made me want to rip it to shreds and through it into the nearest recycle bin the minute i finished ... Mysterious friend who turns out to be a ghost? Really?
B005DF2QMC|4.0|I initially had problems with this device, but the seller was extremely helpful by giving suggestions, and giving me a link to a much better operating manual than was included with the package. This really is a nifty little gismo -- you can download all of your old tapes and give them a new life on your iPod -- what a treat! You may have problems in the beginning (as I did) with background noise, but in my case that was rectified by following the suggestions in the new operating manual in regard to your computer settings. This product is definitely worth the money.
0743270754|5.0|Whether bare knuckling, hiding out from a final vote or growing a beard to look more statesmanlike, this is an insight to the many facets of a great leader.
B000GBEWHA|5.0|This was awesome when I received it.  It came with a cute little Rydell High Letterman (mini) around it, it was the cutest thing ever.  Made me not want to open the Movie.  I'm glad I ordered this one!
1466208686|5.0|This is a very comprehensive book targeting specifically on succeeding in coding interviews.  The book does a great job covering all sorts of topics that interviewers may test you on.  I believe it is a great way to study and point you to where you may want to proceed more in depth about a certain topic.  One of great aspects of the book is the tremendous amount of questions for you to practice.  The answers are often given in a step-by-step way so as to help you develop the \\"process\\" of coming up with the answer.  Along with the technical interview section, the book also prepares you for \\"HR\\" type questions that you will also encounter in interviews.  Furthermore, the book gives you general tips on coding habits that interviewers are looking for, negotiating salaries, career goals...etc.  The book is a fantastic way to train yourself and gives you the confidence to tackle these programming interviews.  Pick it up now!!!
1577314808|5.0|This special book called The Power of Now is wisdom, understanding, and enlightenment that all religious holy texts speak of. Even before getting into the process of reading the actual book, Eckhart Tolle gives the reader the meaning of life in a quote: \\"You are here to enable the divine purpose of the Universe to unfold. That is how important you are\\". The flow of the book follows a question/answer format to bring the reader closer to enlightenment; closer to life questions answered. Not a single sentence and word is disposable for the search of inner discovery. Out of any book to shower humanity with like confetti this is the book.
B003YOZNBU|1.0|About the most redeeming quality of this movie is Megan Fox, she's very cute, but the rest of it is pretty hard to work through.  A relatively poorly developed plot line, and from what I've read in other reviews, doesn't matchup to the original story lines much at all (I personally had never heard of Jonah Hex before the movie).<br /><br />But what I found incredibly frustrating and ultimately annoying was that there was over 12 minutes of trailers and advertisements for other DC Comic related stuff that the DVD would not let fast forward or menu out of.  Completely unacceptable.  If I thought I could pin point which part of the responsible parties were responsible for that, I'd be sure to never buy any of there products in the future.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|...bought my kindle 2 read books...had no idea that it also had an app store!!...am playin games more than reading...hdo's r my favorite &amp; so far this is the best that I have dwnld'd...my only complaint is that pics could b larger but how can u do that on a small screen...
B005OLUOVA|5.0|This is a must have for any rammstein fan. The photo book is awsome with alot of photos I have never seen before, the dvds are great and in high quality. This is a very well thought of set. If by chance you do have problems with the set see the rammstein web site and they will replace the damaged item for free of charge, but don't let that stop you from buying this set. I'm glad I did!
B005GK6QSO|4.0|The Magnificent is a great new melodic rock project from Frontiers Records featuring the brilliant talents of Leverage guitarist and songwriter Torsti Spoof combined with the amazing vocals of Circus Maximus singer Michael Eriksen. The style of music presented here is melodic hard rock focused on smooth vocal melodies with massive chorus hooks and highly technical guitar solos. The production is huge yet warm and the guitar solos are really well constructed. Production was handled by Torsti Spoof which is astounding as his talents seem to have no limits. I have been a massive fan of what these guys have done in their own bands and was very excited to hear what their combined forces would achieve and I must say the results are impressive. Highlights include the bombastic opener \\"Holding On To Your Love\\", the very memorable songwriting of \\"Cheated By Love\\", the awesome power ballad \\"Angel\\", the energetic performance of \\"Satin & Lace\\", the massive chorus and killer guitar solo of \\"Smoke & Fire\\", and the epic power ballad \\"If It Takes All Night\\". What The Magnificent lacks in originality it makes up for in perfect execution making this one of the essential albums to check out this year. It really is a pleasure listening to Michael Eriksen nail the vocal melodies on these intense songs. The Magnificent is definitely one of the strongest melodic rock albums of the year and is highly recommended to fans of Leverage, Brother Firetribe, and Whitesnake's classic 1987 album - 4.5 stars.
B000MQ54OY|5.0|I purchase this dvd for my grandchildren,<br />but I loved this movie more. This movie<br />is great for children of all ages.
1439156816|5.0|This is a very encouraging read for novice writers. If you're looking for a manual on how to write this is not it. Young starting authors will find this book very useful. He covers basics not found in the normal classroom. The hardships and personal addictions he fought through are striking when compared to his success. His starting stories from situation and not plot sounds like a fun way to write. If you like King or have played around writing short stories or prose you will find this book fun and enjoyable. Chances are good you'll find it useful also.
B004047XXO|5.0|They included the old red and green 3 D glasses with the movie.  the regular 3d glasses<br />does not work with this movie.
0393064476|5.0|In the 21st C when the physical book with words printed onto a page is quickly becoming as retro as a dial-pad telephone, it is breathtaking to consider that once upon our recent history a book may have changed the world. The book--not the one many would think of--was a humanist poem called On the Nature of Things by Titus Lucretius Carus written about 2000 years ago.<br /><br />This is the thesis of Stephen Greenblatt's recent non-fiction opus, The Swerve: how the world became modern, that old as the Greeks book may have changed Western European history forever. And that changed it all, even for us today.<br /><br />In the style of the best of modern detective novels, Greenblatt gives his reader a detective--by any other name he would still be a sleuth, an apostolic scribbler by the name of Poggio Bracciolini who is in search of the Lucretius book. It isn't easy. No handy Internet or local public library with a wide-reaching Interlibrary loan program. It is 1417. The masses don't read, they are too busy surviving the Dark Ages--cue the dramatic end of world music. As for those few who can read, they are mostly ensconced in their cloisters or working for The Man (the power of The Church). This was a time when the wrong thought or even too much thought and questioning of doctrine--not to mention the wrong book choice, might just land you atop an auto-da-fe barbecue with your tongue cut out.<br /><br />So here is Bracciolini, a man with a talent for beautiful calligraphy and cloaked inquiring mind. When downsized out of his job, does he do what any many would do--look for another job? No, he goes off through the hinterlands of Europe in search of the one very particular book. As any bibliophile who ever thought it tough to scour the Internet, libraries or other sources for that one book that was OOP (out of print) and unavailable, you willl understand--the power of a book outweighs the paper and glue that holds it together.<br /><br />As to the rest of the story, Greenblatt queries how did the Dark Ages find the light switch to turn on the light to bring in the Renaissance? Might it have been fueled by the most dangerous thoughts found in that book sought by Poggio Bracciolini? Can a book open up the mind? Wasn't there a reason that books were and are banned to this day, thoughts can start a revolution. And maybe one small book was the spark--that caused the Western world to swerve ever so much from the oh so very Dark Ages to rekindle the arts once again.<br /><br />And some say that history and knowledge is boring? To that I challenge, read. In this case read Stephen Greenblatt's The Swerve. Then read ever more widely, you never know what \\"ah-ha\\" moment will await you.nblatt queries how did the Dark Ages find the light switch to turn on the light to bring in the Renaissance? Might it have been fueled by the most dangerous thoughts found in that book sought by Poggio Bracciolini? Can a book open up the mind? Wasn't there a reason that books were and are banned to this day, thoughts can start a revolution. And maybe one small book was the spark--that caused the Western world to swerve ever so much from the oh so very Dark Ages to rekindle the arts once again.<br /><br />And some say that history and knowledge is boring? To that I challenge, read. In this case read Stephen Greenblatt's The Swerve. Then read ever more widely, you never know what \\"ah-ha\\" moment will await you.
B001EN71CW|5.0|This is exactly what it should be: good story, good acting, good picture.   The Blu-ray edition of Firefly will not disappoint.
B004A8ZWVK|2.0|Though in the minority, for anyone raised in the south who remembers what it was--the book was a fascinatingly told tale. The movie, pure Hollywood--with lousy accents and helmet hair on the wrong characters. If you are on an airplane, without the book--well, choose wisely. Otherwise, download the book first and enjoy the original source material.
B004ZQBP3Q|5.0|I usually don't buy a whole CD, glad I did.  The beat from these guys is energetic, and helps me with my long runs.  I definitely recommend this.
1439192812|5.0|When I first heard about it, I wondered--Richard Dawkins writing in his field, this could be INteresting. It is and was. A wonderful Christmas, Chanukah or birthday gift for any one who can read and see the illustrations. Absolutely stunning, artistically done and not off-putting for the science-phobic. Delightful. Good for adults too.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Nothing more or less than a fun solitaire game. Plays fast and is very easy to see and play. Minimal ad interference.
B005HSG3TC|4.0|Thankfully I purchased this product before reading all of the negative reviews.  I might not have bought it otherwise.  I'm not sure what people were expecting from a polycarbonate case.  A good number of the negative reviews say that the case feels too light and flimsy.  Poly is suposed to be light.  That's why I bought it.  And as to flimsy, they must not have ever put it on the fire.  It does feel sort of floppy standing alone but once it's on the fire it feels solid as a rock.  The stand feature was a bit unreliable at first, but once I got the cover broken in a bit I've had no problems with it.  It's not the best on soft surfaces but I don't ever really sit down to watch a movie with my Fire propped on a pillow or anything like that.  Overall, the case is outstanding.  It's tough (already saved my Fire from a few dings and scratches) and, as mentioned, light weight.  It protects the Fire nicely with little increase to weight or size.
B002T921AC|1.0|the tweenie for whom this was ordered will love it. but that still leaves me shaking my head over the current status of popular music.  The album arrived with Amazon's usual , which is to say phenomenal speed, perfectly packaged.  Not Amazon's fault the music is a triumph of blandness.
B001TH16DI|3.0|I will not buy these until Paramount releases the directors cuts of each. We waited decades for them last time. Hurry up!
B0000DYMRO|5.0|Well, after I found myself clapping & singing along with Whitney (& that choir-ooh!)-I just HAD TO SAY THAT I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS ALBUM! talk about a joyful noise! I'd no idea that Whitney Had actually produced this Christmas masterpiece as recent as 2003 ! (for some reason I'd thought this was made as the results of that awful Preacher's Wife movie-'1995?') But, imagine my surprize when I found out that it in was in 2003! Well, after reading some of the other reviews, I guess the people who've trashed this wonderful album are the same ones who've trashed her 'I Iook to you' CD. Well, to those people..I just have to  wonder-have you really listened to this album or are you being influenced by the 'TMZ.TWITTer,etc.' I guess negativity rules your world..but, in my UNIVERSE..MS. WHITNEY HOUSTON still somehow has the vocal chops & managed to brush up against the divinity in this album! I LOVE IT!  I still can't figure out which song I love the best: Emmanuel, The Christmas Song(chestnut roasting..)or Joy to the World. I guess, I'll just have to listen to this again !!!
B005CGI4EG|4.0|This box set is truly a dream come true for any MwC fan. 11 seasons, 10 1/2 years, 259 episodes and 3 extras, with a few bonuses early on, all compressed into a whopping 32 disc collection, all under AT LEAST $70, but many of you, like me, probably got it when it was around or less than $40, which makes this all the better.  Let's start with some gripes. It's great that Seasons 1 & 2 retained the original theme song, but horrible that 3-11 got that godawful new song. Really; for all MwC did, it deserved it's defining song. It's the ONLY reason that this isn't 5 stars. Although, there are two easter eggs; for the 3rd episode of the 4th season (Buck Saves The Day), perhaps due to a very nice mistake, the ending of the episode retains the original ending theme. And, though perhaps not truly an easter egg, the 9th episode of the 9th season (No Pot To Pease In) contains a montage of past scenes set to the end theme.   For 11 seasons, Married With Children was basically \\"Not The Cosbys\\", as creators Leavitt and Moye would put it. The most interesting thing about the series being on for so long is the evolution it underwent. It's actually hard to pinpoint just where things really started to change, though arguably, Season 4, and especially Season 5, could represent the watershed of MwC. Perhaps this has to do with Steve Rhoades leaving and Jefferson D'Arcy entering. (It's interesting, but when I watch the Steve part, I miss Jefferson, and when I watch the Jefferson part, I miss Steve.) The humor is MwC humor; it's hard to describe it as anything else, because they were the trailblazers, and everything thereafter is nothing short of a cheap imitation.   In the course of the series, there were a few plot elements that I never liked at all; these plot devices are present in the early parts of Season 6 & 7. In season 6, Marcy and Peggy got pregnant, due to Katey Sagal being pregnant in real life. (Tragically, Sagal lost the child.) However, for the series, the baby plot is extraordinarily unnerving, and un-MwC altogether. Suddenly, the baby must be given all the attention, in a worshiping sense. Peggy even wants to be a good mom FOR ONCE; if that's so, what about Bud and Kelly, who still get shafted? Very contradictory to Peggy's character. The plot simply never should have existed. Then, in season 7, they introduce the WORST additional character possible; Seven. An annoying little brat, he is JUST PLAIN ANNOYING. The voice, the look... Oh, but he serves an even worse antagonizing role by bringing out the \\"good mother\\" of Peggy. Yet STILL Bud and Kelly get shafted, EVEN being shoved out in the cold over a simple sneeze. Contradictory to Peggy's character; so much so, it almost broke it. Before, the neglect could be passed off as simple comedic humor; now, she is actually capable of caring for something? So she's not something so unreal she's funny, she's actually an unpleasant person. Suddenly, Seven got fewer and fewer lines, but still no one was happy UNTIL HE WAS GONE. Well, it took them 18 shows to realize that. However, if you can ignore Seven, season 7 has some gems of episodes. As do they all, really. However, the worst season would have to be season 10. There were a few good episodes, but not a lot of striking ones, unlike the others. It was very mediocre, seeming to just drudge along with not a whole lot of funny. Probably because that was the season after the last original creator had left. No matter what, though, even the worst season is just mediocre, which would actually pass off as a decent season for a number of shows. MwC simply set a standard that only it could achieve.  The legacy that Married With Children leaves is that it is one of FOX's many mistakes, arguably it's first big one. By that, I mean FOX cancelled it far too prematurely, or at least without the decency of giving it a final farewell season, or letting it go to 300 episodes. For all it had done in 10 1/2 years, as the final episode is played, you can't help but wonder how much longer it could have gone on, what else the Bundy's and D'Arcy's could have done. It was never given a proper farewell, and truthfully, that was a great disservice done to it, especially since it put FOX on the map. However, let's be honest; there's not a lot that FOX does that isn't a mistake, except of course for MwC, and a few other shows I begrudgingly mention. So ultimately, Married With Children's legacy is that it was FOX's greatest achievement in terms of primetime, a feat it will never accomplish again, as MwC's legacy cast too great a shadow on the network, a haunting reminder of what FOX could have been. Actually, it has cast too great a shadow on TV in general.  For all it's achievements, it has very poor circulation in syndication, either coming on too early, or too sporadically. So this box set is the perfect cure for that, as you'll now be able to enjoy Married With Children as long as you want, at a price that could fit even the Bundy budget.
B001EN71CW|5.0|This is simply the greatest show ever. One of the biggest differences between the dvd and blu-ray version, outside of the quality, is the ability to \\"PLAY ALL\\" when it comes to the episodes. That annoyed the crap out of me on the dvd version, only being able to play one episode at a time. On the blu-ray u can play all the episodes at one time, a little feature that makes the purchase almost worth while in itself. The Hi-Def quality is pretty great also, a little grainy at times but still much better than the standard DVD. I got this as a Christmas gift for my Brother as the daily deal at a huge discount. If u love FIREFLY or Buffy The Vampire Slayer, or Angel get it, it's a no-brainer. Funny, witty, great plots and sci-fi all in one!!!
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|I read this book in no time because it was so interesting. The development of the characters was masterful. It is hard to believe that we have not come any closer to erasing bigotry and hate today.
034552554X|5.0|Amazing book. Im a bit of a loner these days. Victoria, the main character, is definitely a character I related to. The characters were unique and curious. The style the book reads ultimately come together beautifully. A must read!!!! Written simply, without fluff and clearly. Thank you for the dictionary at the end of the book, Vanessa. Should I ever marry......... I will consider seeking out a real life Victoria :)!
B003JCZLRS|5.0|This is the first book in the brilliant Aubrey-Matarin series. Before I read them I knew nothing (and cared less) about the British navy, the Napoleonic wars, or sailing ships. Also it seemed more like \\"boy stuff\\" that a woman wouldn't care for. (Most books aimed at men seem to be obsessed with hardware and are short on character.)  However, the books transcend their subject matter --which turns out to be fascinating in itself.  One cannot help but love Jack & Stephen as you learn their strengths and foibles. They're fully developed characters that unfold as the series goes on. The sea battles are exciting and the perils are convincing. There are both laugh-out-loud moments and a couple of times that brought tears.   These are books I'd take to a desert island because they can be read over and over with enjoyment.   (The movie is fun but is an amalgam of several of the books and quite different.)
B005QI4TP8|5.0|OMG!!!  Best second album ever...except maybe Adele 21.  These girls from across the pond are kicking the crap out of the US girls right now.  This album is fantastic.  I had read alot of reviews here before I bought it and some were quite critical.  Glad I didnt listen to \\"those\\" people.  If you dont like this album, then you must not like her much because she is front and center with that big voice.  My only criticism is that her CD insert seems to be a bit narcissistic. Many, many pages of....her.  No lyrics to these amazing songs...just her and more of her.  But I still give it 5 stars because her song writing and vocals are spot on perfection!
B004EPYZOO|3.0|Violent, tawdry B-movie fun with that ultimate faith in nobility and justice that lies at the heart of the best B-movies.
B005UDD1R6|5.0|Surprisingly good app. Immediately saw my NAS and let me stream my videos with dlna. I've had a hard time on my android phone finding such a simple and effective program. Now I know which one to get.
B0015D3YQI|2.0|Low budget Italian horror with an American star.<br /><br />Good? No.<br /><br />Unsettling, quirky and peculiarly charming? Yes.<br /><br />Worth the time it takes to watch it? No.
0345533054|4.0|\\"Gone for Good\\" is the second Harlan Coben book I've read (listened to) and I enjoyed it immensely.  I can't recall a book with more twists and turns, right up until the very end.<br /><br />\\"Gone for Good\\" is about Will Klein and his presumed-dead brother Ken, who'd been accused of killing Will's former girlfriend Julie.  After his mother dies of cancer, Will finds out his brother is in fact alive.  Soon thereafter, Will's new girlfriend inexplicably disappears.  The FBI questions Will on her disappearance and implies he may be a suspect.  With the help of Julie's younger sister and his friend Squares, Will searches for the truth.  Where is his brother?  Did Ken kill Julie?  Was he involved with the mob (as the FBI claims) and if so, to what extent?<br /><br />Even through I got used to it after a while, I didn't particularly like the narrator Dylan Baker.  He elongated the end of words like he was whining or exhausted.  But this is of course irrelevant if you read the book.  Either way, I'd strongly encourage you to check out \\"Gone for Good.\\"
B001HPP2XW|5.0|The film that launched Blake Edward's film career and gave us perhaps Audrey Hepburn's most memorable character. A pitch perfect romantic comedy sans the mania that developed in later Blake Edwards and later romantic comedies. The charm and grace that seemed to come so naturally to Ms. Hepburn and dominates so many of her roles can make us forget that she was a fine actress. The moments when the fear slips through the desperate-for-security Holly Golightly's facade of good spirits are all the more powerful because we forget that the actress is capable of such fine craft.   The film includes the requisite Blake Edwards extended party scene but this was when he was still fresh with ideas and not desperate for laughs so it fits naturally into the story.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|This app is so much better than the clock that comes with my G2 Android.  Never had an issue with it
B004SBQAN8|3.0|Decent pilot for the TV series. Sets up the premise well, introduces some interesting and contrasting characters, and launches them on a quest (like a lot of adventure shows in the 70s which traveled from location to location around the country each episode). The show still needs some development but should settle in after a few episodes especially if Marti Noxon (from Buffy the Vampire Slayer) stays on board - perhaps even as story editor.   What? It's not a TV pilot? It's supposed to be a feature film?   Well, for a feature film it makes a good TV pilot.
B0012GMUPO|4.0|One Of The Top 5 Alice Cooper Discs. Alice Writes Great music every time he records, this disc was surprising in that, although it had some glam music, it still held it's own in the metal community.
B002BWP49M|2.0|Twilight, Breaking Dawn, Part 1 continues the tale of Bella (Kristen Stewart), a young girl with a truly agonizing life.  Facial expressions nearly non-existent, she has struggled through her teen life in Forks, WA with Bell's Palsy and has been unable to convey her emotions.  Particularly her love.  This makes life especially difficult because she finally made the choice between necrophilia and bestiality.  She decided to marry Edward (Robert Pattinson) in Eclipse, dropping Jacob (Taylor Lautner) like a bad habit, and this is where BD begins.<br /><br />Until the wedding -beautiful by the way - it was unclear whether or not Bella also had Irritable Bowel Syndrome.  Perhaps Bella doesn't, but Kristen Stewart portrays the character that way.  It became very apparent during her walk up the aisle.  Personally, I think Stewart was going for nervousness, but it definitely came across as a stomach-twisting case of Montezuma's Revenge.  The undeniably best portion of Stewart's performance was when she was a prostrate corpse just before change-over.  Although there was a glimmer of hope when she had a gruesome spinal injury that made me think she might possibly channel the only successful acting performance of her career from [[ASIN:B0020EDAPQ Cake Eaters]].  Meanwhile, Pattinson continues to evolve as an actor, appearing to show true anguish, pleasure, and contentment throughout various plot arcs.  Lautner does little more than fulfill his contractual shirt-removal obligation once or twice.<br /><br />Despite the subject matter, the drama in BD is relatively toothless.  Bella gets pregnant on the Honeymoon - a sequence that was rumored for months to be steamy but instead is ridiculous - and the baby grows like Robin Williams in [[ASIN:B00008L3U1 Jack]].  Naturally the undead baby in her womb presents a certain \\"Superman can't get a human woman pregnant\\"-dilemma, and complications arise.  As Bella battles for her life, the vampires and werewolves position for a showdown over the bundle of joy/abomination.<br /><br />After such an improvement in [[ASIN:B001UV4XFG Eclipse]], it's shocking so much gets worse.  The directing change from David Slade to Bill Condon was a horrendous choice.  Where Slade succeeded, Condon utterly fails.  Condon is too singularly focused, and leaves nearly everything else out.  The subplots for other characters?  Gone.  The tightly filmed battles between vampires and werewolves?  Gone.  The film regresses to the ubiquitous staring contests.  And don't even get me going on the hokey, molecular-level view of what's going on when Bella transforms from dead-acting to dead.  When one of the two characters carrying a film literally breaks their back in the film, perhaps it's analogous to why someone incapable of carrying a film shouldn't be asked to do so.<br /><br />Ultimately this was a tribute to the teenage girls who have made Stephanie Meyer rich.  The breakdown is A) Love scenes, B) Pregnant Bella turning so skeletal she almost dies, C) An animalistic birth that almost kills the mother.  Had I known I would have watched [[ASIN:B000IDJNJ8 Basic Instinct]], [[ASIN:B0007Y08QA The Machinist]] and [[ASIN:B003GXJ072 Alien]].  The average movie fan will not like this film; the Twilight fanatics will continue to shriek like little girls.joy/abomination.    After such an improvement in [[ASIN:B001UV4XFG Eclipse]], it's shocking so much gets worse.  The directing change from David Slade to Bill Condon was a horrendous choice.  Where Slade succeeded, Condon utterly fails.  Condon is too singularly focused, and leaves nearly everything else out.  The subplots for other characters?  Gone.  The tightly filmed battles between vampires and werewolves?  Gone.  The film regresses to the ubiquitous staring contests.  And don't even get me going on the hokey, molecular-level view of what's going on when Bella transforms from dead-acting to dead.  When one of the two characters carrying a film literally breaks their back in the film, perhaps it's analogous to why someone incapable of carrying a film shouldn't be asked to do so.  Ultimately this was a tribute to the teenage girls who have made Stephanie Meyer rich.  The breakdown is A) Love scenes, B) Pregnant Bella turning so skeletal she almost dies, C) An animalistic birth that almost kills the mother.  Had I known I would have watched [[ASIN:B000IDJNJ8 Basic Instinct]], [[ASIN:B0007Y08QA The Machinist]] and [[ASIN:B003GXJ072 Alien]].  The average movie fan will not like this film; the Twilight fanatics will continue to shriek like little girls.
B0012GMYTG|5.0|Man, Alice Cooper Is Just Amazing, He Has Yet To Do A Bad Disc. SOLID Music From Beginning To End. HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TO ANY METAL FAN
0307593312|5.0|1Q84, a tome of a book, at surface may seem like a wordy almost 1000 pages that is too long. Its depth might escape a lot of people as a big book with a bunch of words with nothing going on. However, the crafty Haruki Murakami fooled them with its web of subtle complexity. Upon analysis, this is a clever and playful work of epic proportion, saying much without shouting at the reader. Instead, this intelligent and knowledgeable writer cradled the reader gently, lulling the reader with the dreamy, fairy tale metaphysical love story between a well-rounded talented boy and a girl with big, beautiful eyes. They found and lost each other at the age of 10. In their quest to find each other 20 years later, Tengo and Aomame find themselves in a mystical noir fiction as they're pursued by the shady Ushikawa and the cult group Sakigake.<br /><br />Aomame and Tengo were first linked when the two 10 year olds crossed each other on weekends as they made their rounds door to door, he with his father as he bullied people into paying their NHK television subscription fees, she with her mother proselytizing about the end of the world for their Christian sect. Both children dying inwardly with shame with being made a part of using fear to intimidate people. Unlike Aomame, who was ostracized for having to retain her strict religious codes in school, Tengo was a respected boy, big for his size, and academically talented. Tengo rescued Aomame one day when she was ridiculed publicly in science class. She never spoke to him again after that. But one day, she strode quickly to him and held his left hand with a fierce intensity for ten seconds before she ran off. That pivotal moment initiated their two asexual souls into adulthood. Aomame's fierce grip caused Tengo to have his first ejaculation afterwards. After that, Aomame had her period and declared emancipation from her parents' strict religious upbringing. Parting ways shortly after, they never tried to find each other until they both entered the world of 1Q84.<br /><br />One day, Tengo was asked by an editor, Komatsu, to revise a 17 year old girl's badly written but intriguing journal, Air Chrysalis, for publication. His revision of this fantasy put out a call to Aomame to climb down the expressway stairs into the world of 1Q84. The two moons world of 1Q84 was a magical world influenced by the Little People. Thus, began their metaphysical journey to find one true love.<br /><br />Murakami chose to author stories that contained that \\"special something\\" that forces us to ask questions. Komatsu stated to Tengo that fiction has to have that \\"`special something,' an indefinable quality...Stuff I understand perfectly doesn't interest me...\\" 1Q84 is no different from other Murakami work that contained his special brand of something. The story moves seamlessly from one reality to another. It is imbued with metaphysical thought, with musings about Einstein's theory about time, that matter can only be in one space-time at a time, about cause and effect, and about the changing nature of events. He made clear that although this is an illusory world in terms of the fact that it is changeable, it is very real. What this world is does not matter as much as the fact that it is our reality. We all have to make our journey, suffer the pitfalls and experience the triumphs, regardless of what reality we end up in. That reality is very real, and wherever we are in the space-time is our true reality. There are no others, no parallel universe in which our twin self is doing something else. In the conversation between Tengo and his girlfriend, Tengo said that the point of the world of the two moons, the \\"world that isn't here\\"... \\"is in being able to rewrite the past of the world that is here\\", thereby changing the present, as noticed by the changes in the news events that Aomame noticed when she entered 1Q84. The entrance of The Little People affected the world. But the entrance of Aomame and Tengo, and their opposingforce of love and faith, changed the face of 1Q84. Whether it's the reality in which Schr&ouml;dinger's cat lived, or the reality in which Schr&ouml;dinger's cat died, the observer has affected the event.<br /><br />Besides musing about reality, 1Q84 also touched on the nature and evolution of consciousness. The world of 1Q84 is, at surface, no different from the world of 1984. Leader said to Aomame that most people are unaware of the change from 1984 or 1Q84. Only a few can see the change. Most people live their usual drudgery, not seeing the magic around them. \\"If you don't believe in the world, and if there is no love in it, then everything is phony.\\" There is only one reality, but a person's definition of reality depends on the person, and depends on the \\"inner eye, the eye of the mind.\\" When Fuka-Eri created her own chrysalis to combat the Little People and entered its passageway, she was uncertain whether she is the dohta, her replicant belonging to the world of 1Q84, or herself (maza), who was born in the reality of 1984. She mused, \\"Am I really a maza? Couldn't I have switched places somewhere with my dohta?...How can I prove that I am the real me?\\" In much the same way for people who are questing,...is it the world of 1984 or the world of 1Q84? The answer seems to be that it doesn't matter, because wherever you go, there you are. Maybe the better question would be, who am I? Whoever you are and whichever world you are in, you must \\"go on living in this world\\" and not be afraid and lose heart.<br /><br />The book also played on our morality, and the ambiguousness of morality and ethics. Is Aomame and the dowager's planned assassination of abusive men justified? Is it immoral if the Leader had sex with 10 year old girls even if he was paralyzed and the girls are actually replicants meant for a ceremony? And what is our opinion on Tengo having regular sex sessions with his married girlfriend? Aomame picking men up for sexual release? Lesbianism? The lawyer Ushikawa's acceptance of any job, no matter whether it's to support criminals?<br /><br />Besides touching on various issues that forced us to do mental and soul-searching gymnastics, Murakami employed several devices to weave coherence and a dreamlike quality to 1Q84. The first and most obvious were the repetition of several imagery. This is not accidental or from the author's laziness. The repetition, besides being a way of creating a web that unifies into a whole, suggests a synchronicity of events, of coincidences that are not coincidences. The repetitions were meant to paint vivid imagery throughout the story and provide significant clues to the story.<br /><br />The most significant repetition is the image of the moon. The change from one moon to two moons is the change from the world of 1984 to 1Q84. Of the two moons that loomed over the world of 1Q84, the first moon was the usual moon that we know. The second moon had a lopsided shape, was greenish \\"as though thinly covered with moss.\\" The girl in the novella Air Chrysalis noticed the two moons in the sky when the little people finished making the air chrysalis, signifying their influence on her world. Although Aomame noticed odd things about the world she entered after leaving the expressway, it was confirmed when she noticed the two moons after spending the night with the police woman. Tengo first noticed the two moon sitting on top of the slide outside where Aomame was hiding, as he longed to find her, his soulmate. He noticed the two moons because he had followed Fuka-Eri's suggestion to dig deep into his memory, the memory that contained his love for Aomame. The unscrupulous Ushikawa, who had never loved anyone, saw the two moons after encountering Fuka-Eri's dohta, who is a passageway to the other world, and felt a love he had never felt before. Surprisingly, Ushikawa never really questioned it, but accepted his reality to deal with it. Ushikawa eventually resembled the second moon when his tongue developed a green moss coating, and became a part of 1Q84's mystery and sacrifice. The shape of the two moons is repeated in Aomame's flat breasts, Ayumi's full breasts, Tengo's memory of his mother's breasts, and Fuka-Eri's woman's breasts on a girl's body. We were actually first introduced to the image of the two moons via Tengo's mother's breasts, when the introduction to Tengo began with his 10 seconds memory of an unknown man, who was not his father, suckling his mother's breasts. The moon imagery was even repeated in the background music of \\"It's Only a Paper Moon\\".<br /><br />The potent breast imagery was repeated often, moving from Tengo's obsession with Aomame's flat breasts as he masturbates with his left hand that she held, to his mother's mature maternal yet sexual breasts, with the line fuzzy between flat and full, immature and mature, and asexual and sexual. Were the girls with the immature breasts innocent? The mature Aomame had a girl's flat breasts. Fuka-Eri, the seventeen year old who wrote Air Chrysalis, had full well-shaped breasts on a girl's body. Breasts that were meant to attract men's gazes. The girls who had sexual coupling with Leader were underage, but it was sex without sexual desire, and it was not rape.<br /><br />There were also other repetitions, such as Jan&aacute;'ek's Sinfonietta and the number ten. Jan&aacute;'ek's Sinfonietta's was Tengo's highly successful piece for his high school band's competition, and would be his lasting symbol of \\"encouragement and protection.\\" It became the background music throughout the book, as Aomame climbed down the stairway into the world of 1Q84. It became the urgent mating call to Aomame, as she suddenly recognized it even only after a few bars, its music creating a violent stirring within her. Jan&aacute;'ek's Sinfonietta became Aomame's encouragement music as she hide from the Sakigake cult.<br /><br />In the book's title, the 1Q looks like a 10. Aomame and Tengo first fell in love at the age of ten when soul love exchanged between them with the clasp of hands. The number ten was sewn throughout the deceptively simple plot. The traffic jam that preceded Aomame's entrance into 1Q84 had cars traveling at a rate of ten minutes in less than ten yards. She found an emergency turnout that was ten meters ahead, the emergency turnout that contained the stairway into the 1Q84 world. We're introduced to Tengo via his ten second earliest memory of a man not his father suckling his mother's breast. His lover was a married woman ten years his senior. For his job, Tengo was required to choose ten works of fiction to bring to Komatsu, the editor. Tengo was given only ten days to revise Air Chrysalis. For that, he purchased a word processor at ten o'clock. Fuka-Eri, the heroine of Air Chrysalis, was ten years old when she was punished by being isolated for ten days. It was that same year that she had incestuous \\"congress\\" with her father, the Leader. She ran away to professor Ebisuno when she was ten. The number ten even showed up in the events of the minor characters, such as professor Ebisuno, the dowager and the dowager's body guard, Tamaru.<br /><br />This love story about the true reality of love and faith can be summarized in Tengo's determination to find Aomame. \\"...No matter what happens, no matter what kind of world it may be, no matter who she may be...\\", he will find her. Everything can change, the world, your physical manifestation, but your eternal self will always be, powered and strengthened by love and faith.<br /><br />As Fuka-Eri declared to Tengo, once a story \\"...gets written down, the story is not mine anymore\\". Murakami wrote his story with an \\"indefinable quality\\" and a \\"possibility.\\" He put it out for us to read. It is now ours to interpret the meaning of that \\"special something\\" in the book and discover its possibilities. I get a feeling that Murakami has gotten to the point in his life that he writes what is meaningful to him. He forms his air chrysalis to release the Little People into the world like a meme that affects the people reading it. The story is no longer his. How we react to his paper moon world is up to us.<br /><br />[...]<br /><br />Say, its only a paper moon<br />Sailing over a cardboard sea<br />But it wouldn't be make-believe<br />If you believed in me<br />Yes, it's only a canvas sky<br />Hanging over a muslin tree<br />But it wouldn't be make-believe<br />If you believed in me<br />Without your love<br />It's a honky-tonk parade<br />Without your love<br />It's a melody played in a penny arcade<br />It's a Barnum and Bailey world<br />Just as phony as it can be<br />But it wouldn't be make-believe<br />If you believed in meery and sacrifice. The shape of the two moons is repeated in Aomame's flat breasts, Ayumi's full breasts, Tengo's memory of his mother's breasts, and Fuka-Eri's woman's breasts on a girl's body. We were actually first introduced to the image of the two moons via Tengo's mother's breasts, when the introduction to Tengo began with his 10 seconds memory of an unknown man, who was not his father, suckling his mother's breasts. The moon imagery was even repeated in the background music of \\"It's Only a Paper Moon\\".     The potent breast imagery was repeated often, moving from Tengo's obsession with Aomame's flat breasts as he masturbates with his left hand that she held, to his mother's mature maternal yet sexual breasts, with the line fuzzy between flat and full, immature and mature, and asexual and sexual. Were the girls with the immature breasts innocent? The mature Aomame had a girl's flat breasts. Fuka-Eri, the seventeen year old who wrote Air Chrysalis, had full well-shaped breasts on a girl's body. Breasts that were meant to attract men's gazes. The girls who had sexual coupling with Leader were underage, but it was sex without sexual desire, and it was not rape.     There were also other repetitions, such as Jan'ek's Sinfonietta and the number ten. Jan'ek's Sinfonietta's was Tengo's highly successful piece for his high school band's competition, and would be his lasting symbol of \\"encouragement and protection.\\" It became the background music throughout the book, as Aomame climbed down the stairway into the world of 1Q84. It became the urgent mating call to Aomame, as she suddenly recognized it even only after a few bars, its music creating a violent stirring within her. Jan'ek's Sinfonietta became Aomame's encouragement music as she hide from the Sakigake cult.     In the book's title, the 1Q looks like a 10. Aomame and Tengo first fell in love at the age of ten when soul love exchanged between them with the clasp of hands. The number ten was sewn throughoutthe deceptively simple plot. The traffic jam that preceded Aomame's entrance into 1Q84 had cars traveling at a rate of ten minutes in less than ten yards. She found an emergency turnout that was ten meters ahead, the emergency turnout that contained the stairway into the 1Q84 world. We're introduced to Tengo via his ten second earliest memory of a man not his father suckling his mother's breast. His lover was a married woman ten years his senior. For his job, Tengo was required to choose ten works of fiction to bring to Komatsu, the editor. Tengo was given only ten days to revise Air Chrysalis. For that, he purchased a word processor at ten o'clock. Fuka-Eri, the heroine of Air Chrysalis, was ten years old when she was punished by being isolated for ten days. It was that same year that she had incestuous \\"congress\\" with her father, the Leader. She ran away to professor Ebisuno when she was ten. The number ten even showed up in the events of the minor characters, such as professor Ebisuno, the dowager and the dowager's body guard, Tamaru.     This love story about the true reality of love and faith can be summarized in Tengo's determination to find Aomame. \\"...No matter what happens, no matter what kind of world it may be, no matter who she may be...\\", he will find her. Everything can change, the world, your physical manifestation, but your eternal self will always be, powered and strengthened by love and faith.     As Fuka-Eri declared to Tengo, once a story \\"...gets written down, the story is not mine anymore\\". Murakami wrote his story with an \\"indefinable quality\\" and a \\"possibility.\\" He put it out for us to read. It is now ours to interpret the meaning of that \\"special something\\" in the book and discover its possibilities. I get a feeling that Murakami has gotten to the point in his life that he writes what is meaningful to him. He forms his air chrysalis to release the Little People into the world like a meme that affects the people reading it. The story is nolonger his. How we react to his paper moon world is up to us.     [...]    Say, its only a paper moon   Sailing over a cardboard sea   But it wouldn't be make-believe   If you believed in me   Yes, it's only a canvas sky   Hanging over a muslin tree   But it wouldn't be make-believe   If you believed in me   Without your love   It's a honky-tonk parade   Without your love   It's a melody played in a penny arcade   It's a Barnum and Bailey world   Just as phony as it can be   But it wouldn't be make-believe   If you believed in me
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|easy to use, the sync is great. i haven't handwritten a note since i installed this ap. highly recommended. love the tags and sorting options.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Better then I expected, this app basically turns your fire into a touch screen, portable monitor. As long as you have wi-fi and your computer is on, you can access your desktop or laptop from anywhere in the world. you can listen to your iTunes on your kindle, play games like World of Warcraft or Runescape smoothly, make Microsoft Word or Powerpoint documents, watch Hulu, Netflix or anything with Flash. Basically, it allows you to do anything a desktop or laptop would do.
B001E45XT4|2.0|When I purchased these headphones and started using them, I was very pleased with the sound. Skype conversations and VoIP chat were crystal-clear. People with whom I spoke commented on how clear I sounded versus when I was using a microphone on my desk.   I have owned the headset for about six months now and when I took them off my head last night, the left ear cup broke off. Had I been rushing or in a hurry I might have said, \\"Okay well that's what happens.\\" However, I was removing them unhurriedly and without force. I looked at the dangling part funny, not really believing the headset had just broken.  The headset has been stored on my desk and well taken care of. It looks brand new, but the plastic on the headset is flimsy and despite good care, the ear cup now hangs from wires. Up until that point, I loved the headset and had recommended them to my mother for VoIP.
B0031ES8P6|5.0|This is my daughter's favorite stuffed toy. She takes it with her wherever she goes. I have washed it in my washing machine several times and have had no issues with fabric pilling or lumpy stuffing. Highly recommended.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|I just ordered these for Christmas, i've seen my friends and i fell in love with this headset, overall, BEST HEADSET YET!
B001H5X7I4|5.0|Robert Downey Jr. Stole this movie! The funniest ever! Very good plot and the action was a-one! I am very happy to have this as part of my collection.
B00005JLEU|5.0|This movie was excellent. I highly recommend it to adults and children who have a vivid imagination. It lives up to the anime genre.
B0050DZN4K|5.0|Excellent work! Love Feedly. Huge difference compared to the first version ! I can now use my favorite reader on my Kindle Fire
0399250395|2.0|When ordering this book, for a small child, I believe the mini-hardback book is probably better.  I accidentally ordered the larger version, and I think little kids will probably be scared of the giant eating insect inside.  I was not warned, so I'm warning you.  Also, I've seen WAY better constructed pop-up books.  This one looks like it was designed bay a beginner in the science of pop-up art.
B004EPYZV2|5.0|In his short career I want to share that if he is not THE BEST he is one of the most talented of the modern breed of ACTION Directors. He shows with this addition the versatility to run a diversity of genres. I went with my wife to watch the advance screen of this movie on IMAX. And we have a remarkable experience pack with tons of gadgets, stunts and a very talented cast. For the rookies to this movie franchise they wont be disappointed or clueless. For the M. I. experienced audience this will achieve and maybe impress, I WAS!, for the multi sequences full of action, stress, and laughs too. In these struggling economic times + struggling lack of entertaining movies, I will highly recommend M.I. GHOST PROTOCOL, if is in IMAX it will add a lot to your experience. As in Dark Knight: IMAX, all the high action sequences of Ghost Protocol are in FULL IMAX! THANK YOU BRAD, TOM, JJ and THE IMPRESSIVE CAST and CREW for this experience!!!
B00005JKJA|5.0|Mulholland Drive is a great movie, but it may not be for everyone. It is a bit on surrealistic side in that there are mysteries that you as the viewer need to resolve. I'm the type of person who likes this sort of thing. I enjoyed the Lost TV series and the movie Inception. If you are a fan of those two, you'll probably enjoy Mulholland Drive. Another thing that may put some people off is that it is about lesbians. Lovely lesbians, nevertheless. Also, there is a little bit of nudity. The acting is superb, especially by Naomi Watts who tries to make sense of the mysteries surrounding her and her lover. At the same time she has her eyes set for a movie career. Also, there is a great scene where Dolores Del Rio sings Roy Orbison's classic Crying in Spanish. Beautiful version.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|This disc set includes all 8 dvds that were released in theaters and all of them work just fine and it is set at a great price. Now there isn't a bunch of extras but if you want to just sit down and watch the series this is a great package at an affordable price.
B006C45MRE|3.0|The Western part of the story is very good, and the actors assembled are great.  The \\"Alien\\" part of the story, however, is quite bad. A glaring error was never even bothering to explain  what was motivating the aliens in the first place. (They allude to this, but never bother to explain it)  A mistake the movie SUPER 8, for example, did not make.  Anyway, not totally disappointing, but not satisfying either.   Thus, if you don't expect much, you'll enjoy it.
B005HSG3U6|4.0|I like this cover a lot. It is light and provides protection for my Kindle Fire. The stand works just fine for me when the tablet is in it. Overall I would tell someone to buy it as well.
B001QWBM62|4.0|I must admit, I wish it was encased completely in metal... The case is still plastic, like the old one, but it definitely has a more quality feel.  The metal is all in the microphone section.  This is great for ensuring your mics won't be easily damaged - but the device still suffers some handling noise; yet the noise seems to be much improved.  I owned the older model for about 2 years.  I like to put it on a stand, anyway, for the more serious recordings, so I won't move it.  This also ensures I won't have audible phase shifting leaking into the recording.<br /><br />Voice sounds terrific.  Sounds are crystal clear, clean, precise - just as you'd expect from a medium dollar condenser microphone pair ($400'ish).  I have compared these to the Earthworks QTC30's, which is really unfair - the QTCs are in a completely different league ($1200 for a pair).  But I was quite surprised that the QTCs did not put this device to shame as I suspected they would.  The Zoom held up very well, actually.  There is an audible noise floor, but it's impressively low, as long as you're using the internal mics or at least external condensers.  Stay away from using dynamic mics with this thing unless you're just throwing stuff together - the noise floor when connected to dynamic mics is its primary weakness.<br /><br />There is one other annoyance... Don't leave your batteries in it! Unfortunately, the internal clock requires them to keep track of time, if you want to time stamp your audio files - a must if you use it a lot. My first (brand new) pair of duracells were toast after I left them in there for just 3 weeks (without use). There's either some form of internal current leak, or the date/time circuit is just plain inefficient. Just plan on setting the date each time you stick a pair of batteries in.<br /><br />On the upside, this recorder sounds better than all the others in its class, except perhaps the Sony, in my opinion. But the Sony is priced a lot higher, and doesn't record in MP3 format.<br /><br />There are a whole lot of bells and whistles with this device that I will probably never use, but would be great for a songwriter who wants to stay conveniently mobile, and still have the capability to build up a song.  I wish I'd had access to something like this a few years back.le lot of bells and whistles with this device that I will probably never use, but would be great for a songwriter who wants to stay conveniently mobile, and still have the capability to build up a song.  I wish I'd had access to something like this a few years back.
B005VR9328|5.0|I love this album. It is nearly flawless. Black kills it. Dice & friends kill the hooks. The tracks flow together to tell a beautiful story. The last 4 tracks are instrumental piano/string pieces that have got to be heard. This is gonna be a classic 10 years from now.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|I was sucked into this book from the begining. The writing made it so easy to actually visualize each and every part. I am so hoping that this gets made into a movie so I can see it all come to life. The story made me want to read it all at once but I also didn't want it to end. I was only frustrated by the lack of other books by this author. I hope more are on the way. For me, this is one of the best books I have read all year. It was romantic without being cheesy, intelligently written, and had a story line that made me want to believe it was true.
B004EPYZSU|1.0|I was looking forward to buying this movie, but not after learning the digital copy was only distributed via ultraviolet.  Another half baked solution to a problem that does not exist.  Big content keeps making it more difficult to actually buy and enjoy content.  I do not have a problem paying for content, but I am not going to pay for yet another half baked DRM solution that does not play well with my devices.
B002VRZEYM|5.0|So much has already been said on this amazing, eye-opening production, so I need not elaborate any further.  I give it five stars because it helps the truth-seeking consumer get a better understanding for the process in which their food is made.  Documentaries such as these are just one piece of the puzzle to attract a compassionate Earth, free of corruption in all respects.
B00631VJIC|1.0|Completely disappointed with this cd. I have half of the songs on itunes and there was no point in buying this as a gift. This cd should have had all the songs played on the show.  The headline should be modified to something else and not state songs from seasons 1-4
B005KAH7QU|2.0|Rented it for .99 on my kindle fire.   The promo clip seemed interesting enough, but good lord was it a bizarre movie. I felt like you were chasing this jungle lady who was raised in the wild around the entire time and I really didn't feel that the ending summed up enough of her story as to how she became who and what she was.  It has good action though and you do get to see a decent amount of Europe which is nice. If you like movies that leave you with a bunch of questions for you to assume your own conclusions than maybe this is for you. I perhaps and not smart enough to have grasped it though. I prefer things spelled out for me that are nice simple and end up tied with a pretty bow at the end.
B005SODYGA|5.0|This Best-of album is the culmination of some of the most popular Rammstein songs. There is a song from every album and represents the band's work. Rammstein makes note that the album is remastered and I have noticed a difference in every song, specifically the bass hits deeper notes. I gave the remixes a try but they weren't for me, apart from that it is a great album for loyal fans or for someone looking for a crash course in the most popular/well made songs.
B0067R0APK|2.0|I thought I was going to see more features when I went from the free version to the payed.Now I wish I had just kept the free one because there is no difference between the two.
0307891372|5.0|tried to buy the gamestop when the game first came out, but they didnt have any extra for sale. i couldnt imagine tackling this game without this guide.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|You can not go wrong with this DVD, His voice is heavenly and the way he sings will bring all those childhood memories back. Simply magical :)
B0049P1ZZQ|5.0|the walking dead is a great show! i like the 1st season way more then the second season! (so far)
B000PMG16U|5.0|Find this item Star Wars I-III Bluray at $19.99 brand new and the and the IV-VI at $23.99 while the Star Wars Bluray I-VI was at $79.99 and I had to have it. I've seen so many Star Wars extras over the years that I didn't care for the extras DVDs at the collection. I just wanted to upgrade from DVDs to Blurays and this 2 items did fit my needs just right. Audio & Video quality are just great and so was the price. Personally I even prefer the cover art in this two items than the one in the full collection so I was very satisfy. Shipping was fast.
B003YL4LYI|4.0|I'm shocked at all the reviews that suggest certain plot elements should speed along in a predictable manner. The characters in A Dance With Dragons find themselves dealing with unexpected problems - which to me gives the series a richer, more realistic feel. There are intricate political and personal issues dealt with by characters that do not resolve themselves instantaneously. If you want a laundry list of plot points to occur exactly as you expect them, go read another series.<br /><br />My only worry is when the next book is going to come out. The last book promised the 'other half' of the story lines 'soon'. Six years went by. George RR Martin is in his 60's and he doesn't look like he jogs every morning. Would it be crass of me to suggest the series probably won't be finished?
B000PMLFRA|5.0|Find this item Star Wars I-III Bluray at $19.99 brand new and the and the IV-VI at $23.99 while the Star Wars Bluray I-VI was at $79.99 and I had to have it. I've seen so many Star Wars extras over the years that I didn't care for the extras DVDs at the collection. I just wanted to upgrade from DVDs to Blurays and this 2 items did fit my needs just right. Audio & Video quality are just great and so was the price. Personally I even prefer the cover art in this two items than the one in the full collection so I was very satisfy. Shipping was fast.
0307593312|5.0|IQ84 is simply a wonderful book.  I thought it might be hard to get through but it was totally the opposite.  It flowed smoothly and the cast of characters really held my attention...despite its fantastical elements which were believable via the authors skilled and subtle writing.  I totally recommend this book.  Its was an amazing read and I almost felt I did not want it to end. Magical realism at its best.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|Most Exciting Film Series . Last 3 films take on a more mature tone than previous five ( more action and serious plots)
B002QUWYWE|5.0|It had me on the edge of my seat. I even jumped. I'm an inspiring writer and it even made me reconsider being one since there are so many craziest out there. I can  imagine what movie stars may go thru.
B003PIUBZS|5.0|I loved this series. Andy Whitfield was magnificent. He portrayed Spartacus with a anger and determination that was impeccable. We lost a very good actor but his performance will live on. The last episode with the gladiators taking over was the best. Watch all episodes first , but hold on tight for the finale.
B0064TVQ5E|2.0|Was fun but keeps force closing during play. Uninstalled and picked a different one. I was using a kindle fire.
B0037QGS0A|4.0|Suspenseful in beginning . The plot takes a surprise twist at the end. Both lead actresses are excellent and provide the whole movie. See if you can guess ending before last scenes
B004T4LUPW|5.0|Syncs great with Google Calendar.  I have been using the \\"i\\" version on my ipod, but I like this version even better.  It is easier to maneuver around.  I love having the widget on my home screen.  I just have to open my phone and there is my schedule for the day right in front of me.  The search function works well.  Putting in a new item is easy.  It is missing the option to pick something that happens on a specific day each month, like the first Monday or 3rd Friday.  I just put it in on the phone, then later when I get to my computer edit it to be more precise.  It reads them correctly, I just can't add it in that way.  (I have another app that can't read those entries correctly).
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is the best Bible app on the market. Get started today by picking a daily reading plan. It helps you stick to a plan so you can grow.
B005OLUOVA|3.0|I thank all of you for the reviews. This explains why it is so insanely difficult to obtain the Super Deluxe set. I will wait then until they work out the kinks.
B0034G4OXQ|4.0|I do not understand why this film did not last long in the theaters. I found it to be thought provoking and interesting. The scenes were realistic and engaging. Bought this DVD because I was not able to catch it in the theaters, because it didn't have the popular attendance. The price is low enough that even those who are not certain it will be good can take a chance. I would recommend this to a friend.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|Cant get enough of this game. Have had it on every device  Ive owned.  Keeps me happy when I get a little down time.
0007111584|5.0|Beats the hell out of me. I don't see people laboring away like they are in this book. Get off your duff!
B005TBN3EU|5.0|Totally worth seeing! If you liked the first one, you will like this one. It follows a very similar plot-line, but in a new location and with different story development. I see a lot of negative reviews of Ultraviolet, but that shouldn't take a way from the MOVIE review its self. I watched mine on Amazon VOD rental via my TiVo and the quality was great! We had four people over, for a movie and pizza night, so it cost us a buck a piece to rent. Gotta see it with a group of friends, as its more fun with a shared experience.
B000007WNN|3.0|Raw and blistering with an aggressive swagger and all of the moisture seemingly bled out of it, the version of \\"Love Removal Machine\\" appearing on \\"Electric\\" seemed to me to contain all that worked on this CD - and didn't - in a nutshell. There's both a fluid progression and a pavement-hardened edge to this song, the rhythmic force of it jolting the listener instead of swaying him organically.   \\"Love Removal Machine \\" is joined by \\"Li'l  Devil\\", Wildflower\\", and \\"Peace Dog\\" in sharing these mutual characteristics, and for me, were the cuts that worked best on \\"Electric\\". 24 years have passed and I'll still listen to them on my iPod, but I have to admit that the vast majority of the tracks on \\"Electric\\" just haven't aged well for me, and I listened to this (on tape) with a rabid passion upon its release shortly after my 20th birthday, and for months to follow. But what ultimately turned me away from most of the tracks on \\"Electric\\" were their failure to fulfill the mystical, psychedelically-tinged promise of \\"Love\\", the band's sophomore release, full of songs such as \\"Nirvana\\",\\"Love\\" \\"Brother Wolf, Sister Moon\\", \\"Revolution\\", \\"She Sells Sanctuary\\", and \\"Black Angel\\" that contained a mixture of heavy modulated riffing, endlessly inventive percussive flourishes, and a spectral, atmospheric sound full of liquid resonance, partially the contribution of Steve Brown, responsible for helming production on that recording.   More than one reviewer here has noted Rick Rubin's role in serving to engineer the revision of \\"Love\\"'s successor, \\"Peace\\", which, recorded by Steve Brown, was to have extended and refined some of the distinctive elements to be found on its predecessor, and what emerged under Rubin's direction as \\"Electric\\" was perfect for penetrating the American market; a release that essentially cross-pollinates the DNA of AC-DC and Led Zeppelin, making a release that previously mined a quasi-gothic vibe into one that was essentially heavy metal with all of the explosive, sinuous riffing bled out of it. Is it worth assigning one or two stars for the band's desire to create a CD with a sense of the coming zeitgeist and definitely more of a universal appeal in order to gain a much firmer commercial foothold in the United States? I'm going to have to pass on slagging them off strictly for wanting to make money and sacrificing some of their artistic integrity in order to do so, because pressure from their A&R guys must have been intense, and who doesn't want to headline arenas if they're being told that everything will converge in that direction if they allow an established, money-making producer to re-record them?   I can only give 'Electric\\" three stars, however, because so much of what made the early Cult such a distinctive act was extinguished on this release. It's perfect for anybody who wants to listen to stripped-down heavy metal by a formerly progressive act belted out in an often razor-throated howl by a lead vocalist with a voice that could be so much more nuanced in its delivery than what's heard here, or anyone captivated by the undeniable swagger of \\"Love Removal Machine\\" and the other three cuts previously mentioned. I would recommend it to that crowd; I myself gave away that tape along time ago, and preserve those 4 tunes on my mp3 player.
B006FWZMSW|2.0|I ordered this thinking I could listen to the story on the Kindle iPad.  There is audio but there is no progress bar.  Thus you must start at the beginning and listen to the full story.  There is no way to jump to anywhere in the audio.  L-ame.  The kids and I got bored with the introduction of the author and I went back to reading it outloud.
B003L77G10|2.0|Fans of the first season will not be disappointed with the story content here--BUT, after having purchased SEASON ONE and being very satisfied with the DVD quality on my 50\\" HDTV, SEASON 2 is a major disappointment in its picture playback quality.  Jagged fuzzy edges abound on my 50\\" and my 42\\" TVs( although the smaller set is a bit more watchable because the pixels are obviously tighter meaning that if you have a 32\\" or smaller set it may not necessarily bother you)  It does play fine on my one remaining picture tube TV  which obviously means the Season 2 DVD set was NOT manufactured for HDTVs as opposed to its predecessor.  Too bad--it will make me think twice about buying SEASON 3 ( or any other new CBS-TV DVD sets) until I hear or read other reviews.
B001N1DPDE|5.0|Now this is what a knife should be!. This blade is awesome, when you pick it up you know its going to last longer than you are. it has awesome craftsmanship it is the best knife i own. i plan on ordering another one before its to late. i would strongly recomend this knife to anyone.
B004LWZW4C|4.0|For someone who is not an avid fan of the comic book movie genre, I think this prequel to the \\"X-Men\\" series is well done and doesn't require as much of a crash course as I was expecting to understand the set-up. That's because director Matthew Vaughn has chosen to focus heavily on character development rather than just elaborate special effects to make this historical 2011 fantasy adventure truly arresting. He and producer Bryan Singer were also smart to gather a first-rate cast of young actors who lend atypical gravity to the proceedings and cumulatively, they provide the narrative throughput necessary to show how the characters evolve into their more familiar older personas.  Having only seen the [[ASIN:B001GCUO1Q X-Men Origins: Wolverine]] entry, I am no \\"X-Men\\" follower, so it was helpful to get the back stories for Magneto and Xavier in dramatically economic order. The story begins chronologically in 1944 when a young German boy named Erik Lensherr watches his parents being hauled off to Auschwitz.<br /><br />In a fit of fear and rage, Lensherr bends the metal gate separating him from his family, commanding the attention of scientist Dr. Klaus Schmidt, who is eager to harness the young boy's telekinetic powers. Meanwhile, at a mansion in Westchester County, New York, young telepath Charles Xavier meets homeless young shape-shifter Raven. They bond over their unique powers. Flash forward to 1962, and the grown Erik contemplates his revenge against the man who went on to ruin his life. Schmidt has since changed his name to Sebastian Shaw and heads up a secret society out to take over the world. Xavier and Raven are still together as foster siblings as he earns his doctorate in genetic research at Oxford. Ultimately, Xavier's and Lensherr's destinies become intertwined with the Cuban Missile Crisis, a pivotal opportunity for Shaw to use the full scope of his energy-absorbing mutant powers. Xavier is recruited by CIA agent Moira MacTaggert to help her agency stop Shaw. Xavier brings Lensherr to the CIA's secret \\"Division X\\" facility where they find and recruit mutants for training to stop Shaw. The young mutants end up dividing their loyalties, and the nonstop action ultimately culminates into Shaw's Machiavellian attempts to trigger World War III in the midst of the Soviet movement to arm Cuba with nuclear missiles.<br /><br />The military showdown provides the context for the separate fates of Xavier and Lensherr, which obviously leads to the formation of the X-Men as they are known in the original series. While James McAvoy ([[ASIN:B0013XZ6X4 Atonement]]) is effective as Xavier, even evoking some of Patrick Stewart's erudite manner at times, the film is dominated by Michael Fassbender's ([[ASIN:B002T9H2L0 Inglourious Basterds]]) laser-sharp intensity as Xavier. A cast-against-type Kevin Bacon has a field day as Schmidt/Shaw to the point where he approaches self-parody. In a nice twist from her role as the spoiled socialite wife in [[ASIN:B005KL3R6I Bridesmaids]], Rose Byrne brings a nice, no-nonsense proto-feminist sense to MacTaggert. The others, including Jennifer Lawrence ([[ASIN:B003EYVXTG Winter's Bone]]) as Raven, acquit themselves nicely in their roles. Even if you are not a fan of the series, the movie works as matinee-level entertainment for the rest of us. The 2011 Blu-Ray contains a hefty number of extras although surprisingly no commentary track. There are twenty minutes of behind-the-scenes clips, fifteen minutes of extended and deleted scenes, an hour-plus making-of documentary, and various interactive features.er brings Lensherr to the CIA's secret \\"Division X\\" facility where they find and recruit mutants for training to stop Shaw. The young mutants end up dividing their loyalties, and the nonstop action ultimately culminates into Shaw's Machiavellian attempts to trigger World War III in the midst of the Soviet movement to arm Cuba with nuclear missiles.  The military showdown provides the context for the separate fates of Xavier and Lensherr, which obviously leads to the formation of the X-Men as they are known in the original series. While James McAvoy ([[ASIN:B0013XZ6X4 Atonement]]) is effective as Xavier, even evoking some of Patrick Stewart's erudite manner at times, the film is dominated by Michael Fassbender's ([[ASIN:B002T9H2L0 Inglourious Basterds]]) laser-sharp intensity as Xavier. A cast-against-type Kevin Bacon has a field day as Schmidt/Shaw to the point where he approaches self-parody. In a nice twist from her role as the spoiled socialite wife in [[ASIN:B005KL3R6I Bridesmaids]], Rose Byrne brings a nice, no-nonsense proto-feminist sense to MacTaggert. The others, including Jennifer Lawrence ([[ASIN:B003EYVXTG Winter's Bone]]) as Raven, acquit themselves nicely in their roles. Even if you are not a fan of the series, the movie works as matinee-level entertainment for the rest of us. The 2011 Blu-Ray contains a hefty number of extras although surprisingly no commentary track. There are twenty minutes of behind-the-scenes clips, fifteen minutes of extended and deleted scenes, an hour-plus making-of documentary, and various interactive features.
0790737345|5.0|This movie was sent and received long before I had expected It to arrive this seems to be a top notch company. . Thanks
1451648537|3.0|What about Patti? She and Jobs were so close in age surely she would have been a great person to interview.  Instead Patti is hardly ever mentioned at all. I liked this book but cannot help but feel like it was incomplete.  That said, SJ was such a complex person I doubt any single book could do him and his life justice.
0307949486|4.0|I really enjoyed this book. Two easy indicators of when I know I'm immersed in a compelling read are: a) I finish it off (at just over 400 pages) in less than a week, and b) I'm actually looking forward to my commute because I know I'll have a solid 45-60 minutes to dive into the story.<br /><br />I was completely enthralled by the Lisbeth Salander character presented in the first half of the book. She was just so dark, so closed, so cold, and so persistently herself that I found myself drawn into her character. I felt that author Stieg Larsson strayed a bit from Salander's core in the second half of the book as he sketched out a softer, and more emotionally developed character. The change and growth was gratifying, but I felt it happened a little too quickly. That being said, it's her character that sticks with me longest now that I've finished the book and it's her story I'm looking forward to most as I jump into the rest of the Millennium Trilogy.<br /><br />Larsson's writing style is very stark and simplistic which propels a very fast flowing plot. And really there are two primary plot threads: the investigation into the disappearance of a girl over 30 years ago, and the exposure of a very crooked Swedish businessman. The plots are intertwined, but not all that closely and while either could stand reasonably well on their own, the case of the missing girl is the main course.<br /><br />All nuances aside, this is a terrific thriller. It's intense. The plot threads are well crafted and the characters well defined.
B003KUSUG8|5.0|I've been a fan of Eminem since high school. I lived in a pretty strict household, so listening to songs like Guilty Conscious and My Name Is was pretty rebellious of me. I was in college when 8 Mile was released and I fell in love with the song Lose Yourself. Now I'm in my late twenties, and while I can still appreciate and find humor in his earlier work, this album is much different. I heard the first song, Not Afraid, on the radio and immediatly knew I needed the entire album. It's not as rappy as his earlier work, or as explicit, but I still love it. Of course, like Eminem, I've changed a lot in the past ten years too, so maybe that's why I like this so much, I grew as he did.
B004EPYZPS|3.0|Amazon will not give us half stars to use yet this should be a 3.5 star movie for me, not a 3 but not a 4 either.<br /><br />ET was a magical moment in movie making from Spielberg.  Before that he made CLOSE ENCOUNTERS.  Both films are five star classics.  This is his production but made by a younger director whom he picked. It is not that this movie is bad, it is that it made me sad that there will probably be no more groundbreaking five star films from him in this genre. This film has the family life of both films.  It has got the alien but he is not much onscreen. It has the ship, straight out of CLOSE ENCOUNTERS. The visuals at the ending are almost verbatim from CLOSE ENCOUNTERS. Basically it is a movie about a group of youngsters making a super eight film in 1979 about zombies, who have a close encounter with an alien.  This happens when they  witness a colossal train wreck.  The train wreck is really impressive. I was actually quite taken with the original premise, of the kids making the zombie picture in super 8.  That could have been a much fresher, more original film had the alien aspect of the story not taken over from the train wreck forward.  I think it could have been a classic like Rob Reiner's STAND BY ME if they had stuck with the kids and their movie adventures.  I hadn't seen Elle Fanning recently.  She is the girl teenager and she is every bit as gorgeous as a teenager as she was as a kid.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B0019N94X6|5.0|The case is metal like withe a bloody color on finish on the back and front, very nice. Product comes with blueray 1986 scarface, dvd 1932 scarface, ten postcards that have differen art and a code with a free download of the 1986 scarface(download is done over the internet).
0440422973|5.0|I love this Christmas story, so bought it as a gift for someone else.  I am rereading it this Christmas as well.  It's a \\"real\\" story about Christmas instead of just a mushy Christmas story.
B000002KJM|1.0|I should have carefully checked the reviews beforehand. I don't normally do because I like to form my own opinions but in this case I would have saved money and would not have been disapointed.    I'm a great fan of ZZ TOP and I wanted to complete my collection by adding their very earlier stuff like ZZTop's first album, Rio Grande Mud and Tejas...what a disappointment!!! Who's the brilliant person that switched the drums with electronic drums or a drum machine??? Man-o-man what a mistake to have screwed up such classics as these. What a waste, can I return my purchase?
B0052UZIFA|3.0|Game keeps crashing after ten minutes on epic touch 4g. Other than that, but game is fun. Please fix this problem. I think it is unfortunate that a paid app does this and it doesn't get patched.
B005OCFHHK|5.0|It's hard to beat this deal!  BluRay disc, entire series for around $70!  Granted, it doesn't have all the bells and whistle (tons of bonus features).  But if all you want is Harry Potter movies!  this is it.  Definitely recommend
B004DLPXAO|2.0|Don't know what happened, But this app is HUGE, even with no books or anyrhing installed. 30 MB+. Uninstalled until it's fixed.
1451627289|5.0|I found this an excellent book that was well crafted by Mr. King. There were only a couple of 'drag' areas in this tome however, all in all, a great read. I especially found the late '50s references quite wonderful as they brought back so many memories. Well research book and kudos to Mr. King for the imagination to create such a journey.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|As usual my purchase from Amazon was delivered promptly and in good condition. I thoroughly enjoyed watching the Firefly series. Like so many who watched this series i hope that some day it can be resurrected and the story line continued.
B006C45MRE|4.0|This movie was pretty good. The only thing about the extended version is that it felt like it went on forever. I would recommend for when you have a movie night and it is not to late.
B004UXUX4Q|5.0|The Descendants, a movie starring George Clooney, is the best film I've seen all year. It is adult-themed, realistic and poignant. The dialogue seems real, the acting is superb and the photography of Hawaii is spellbindingly beautiful. The story is about Matt King, descended from King Kamehameha many generations back. He and his family have inherited quite a bit of land for which Matt is the executor and they are in the process of selling it. The proceeds will go to Matt and his cousins. Despite having wealth, Matt has lived frugally, to the point where one might question his motives. His wife, Elizabeth, has just been severely injured in a boating accident and is comatose. It is unlikely that she ever will wake up and her living will is very explicit that she wants her life support pulled.<br /><br />Matt has two daughters, Scottie and Alex. Alex is 17 and a handful. As the film opens, she is in a private school that may also be a rehab facility. Scottie, about 10, is acting out at school and at home since her mother's injury. Matt is clueless about how to raise his two daughters alone and has been very distant from his family spending most of his time working at his law practice. The crisis with Elizabeth is forcing him to be a primary parent and the film is excellent in showing Matt's development as a father.<br /><br />Matt goes to the big island to pull Alex from school and bring her home. She is furious at her mother, having found out recently that she was having an affair. She tells her father and the two become co-conspirators in finding Joanie's lover and confronting him. Matt is flabbergasted about the affair. The marriage has not been going well but he had no suspicions that his wife loved another man.<br /><br />George Clooney is excellent in his part as are the two girls. The movie poignantly shows how the family starts pulling together into a semblance of a loving unit. The dialogue is fresh and real, not for the faint of heart or for those who mind cursing. I have not read the book so I can't compare the two but on its own merits, this film is a real winner.rsing. I have not read the book so I can't compare the two but on its own merits, this film is a real winner.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|This book was so addicting. I finished it in 3 days and it would have been in one if I had the time. This book was good straight from the beginning and held my attention all the way to the end. There were not any boring parts for me. I would definitely recommend.
B005KMX866|5.0|Chris Isaak is absolutely, one of the finest singers alive today. He released his first album \\"Silvertone\\" in 1985 and has been consistent from then until now. Having been influenced by the music of Elvis Presley, Roy Orbison, Carl Perkins, and Jerry Lee Lewis he carved out his own brand of rock and roll. He burst on the scene in 1991 with the classic song \\"Wicked Game\\" and followed that up with many other greats such as \\"Baby Did a Bad Bad Thing\\" and \\"Somebody's Crying\\". Simply put, Chris Isaak gives us music like its meant to be heard, undiluted, not auto tuned and straight from the heart.  Because of his musical style and personal style, Chris specifically strayed away from doing a tribute to the music that influenced him so greatly. He knew that if he did, he would be branded as a nostalgia act, and would never be respected by his peers. 26 years later, we finally have the album that he wanted to make.  All of the greats of \\"Sun Records\\" are represented here - Jerry Lee Lewis (Great Balls of Fire) Johnny Cash (I Walk The Line), Elvis Presley (I Can't Help Falling In Love With You) and Roy Orbison (Oh, Pretty Woman).... many people will complain that these covers by Mr. Isaak, sound too much like the originals. Be honest with me, would you really want someone buthering these classic songs, or a faithful interpretation. I'll let you be the judge.  This album features songs that were written well before my time (1984) but they are more timely now than ever. Go out an buy \\"Beyond the Sun\\". You won't be disappointed.
B005URRCUY|3.0|Well, I like this band, really I do, but while listening to this album, I had to keep reminding myself that I wasn't hearing some new INXS cd. Drums are very polished, repetitive, and almost disco-ish in several songs. Also touches of very polished ZZ Top style guitar riffs here and there. Now, this is not a terrible album by any means, but it wasn't quite what I was expecting from this band. I'll give it several more spins, maybe it'll grow on me, but this just isn't the same sound that I remembered from the Black Keys.
B004EC5IUW|5.0|Simply incredible film with amazing visuals! Just buying the film to show off your HD setup is enough to bring this puppy home! A completely new retelling of the story with enough familiar details to bring in the old fans!
B0066W1AZK|1.0|if you like chess don't get this. the king and queen are in the wrong position. what a blunder.  have the creaters ever actually played?
B000002J6F|5.0|This album is by far Stephen Stills best work.  Such an amazing mix of rock, blue grass and blues....all combined into one hell of a collection of songs.  If you think you love Stephen Stills and have not yet heard this album...wait until you see how much more you can love his music.  I can play this album at least a few times a week...and each time I listen to it I find something more to like about it.  Add this album to your music collection....you will not regret it!
B000EHSN9Y|4.0|Typical Apple fit and finish. You may have to pay the Apple tax, but you're more likely to get a product that integrates properly. I use this to run a 27\\" monitor off of my 2008 iMac and it drives it just fine.
1452896283|5.0|My impetus for reading this book, since I read few novels, was a book entitled \\"The Ripper Code\\" by Thomas Toughill.  That book's author posed the theory that in writing \\"The Picture of Dorian Gray,\\" Oscar Wilde was attempting to point the finger of guilt at one of his erstwhile friends, and possible homosexual lovers, as London's \\"Jack the Ripper.\\"  This intrigued me, particularly since Wilde's book was published only a year or so after the last of the Ripper murders, and, as Toughill noted, Wilde and his suspect lived only about six miles from the Whitechapel district, where the murders took place, and Wilde clearly chose the date of the last Ripper murder, November 9, 1889, as the date which brought his story to its climax.  So, in reading this book, I couldn't help but bear that in mind.<br /><br />After reading this book, it is clear that Wilde based some, if not all, of the main characters in his novel on persons whom he knew and, in all likelihood, on actual conversations he had had with those and other prominent people in London society.  And there are certainly clear similarities between at least two of the most prominent characters in his novel and Wilde's friends: namely Dorian Gray, himself, and Wilde's presumed suspect, George Francis \\"Frank\\" Miles, an artist who contracted syphilis and died in 1891 shortly after the final Ripper murder; and Dorian's first love and suicide victim, the young actress Sybyl Vane, and the actress, Lilly Langtree, who Miles and Wilde both knew in her early days and whose career they clearly advanced.  Other than that, however, there is little to suggest that Wilde was attempting to point the finger of guilt at Miles or at anyone else.<br /><br />As for the novel itself, I found it to be extremely interesting and hard to put down.  I was particularly impressed by the author's apparent insight into human nature, as reflected in some of the ideas expounded on many occasions by Dorian Gray's friend and mentor, Lord Henry Wotton.  Some of those passages were rather long, and perhaps a little tedious, but still interesting if one persisted.  I consider this to be a classic which most readers would enjoy, but, in my view, Wilde simply drew on his experiences and chose certain events and characters to help sell his book.  Frank Miles can rest in peace --- at least for now.ssages were rather long, and perhaps a little tedious, but still interesting if one persisted.  I consider this to be a classic which most readers would enjoy, but, in my view, Wilde simply drew on his experiences and chose certain events and characters to help sell his book.  Frank Miles can rest in peace --- at least for now.
B00003003R|5.0|\\"Live Era\\" did a strange thing to me, it got me liking these versions of the songs better than the studio versions.  The reason, for me, was that Live Era breathed new life into some of my favorite songs.  First, the album is produced to contemporary production styles.  This means that the bottom end of the sound spectrum is evident and muscular.  The drums thud and the bass lines are immediately present.  This may not sound like much but listen to Live Era's version of \\"Rocket Queen\\" a couple of times and then listen to the original studio recording from Appetite.  The studio recording will sound thin to your ears in comparison.    Also a nod to later production norms, each instrument is more distinct.  Go back to Appetite and the production sounds hazy.  It's not a slam on \\"Appetite\\", it was just a different era (pardon the reference) and albums were produced/engineered to a flatter sound standard back then.    As for vocals, there is some talk about \\"rerecording\\".  No one will ever know for sure.  But I've heard Axl live and he is capable of this quality of singing.  It is no surprise that they culled the best of the GNR concert recordings they had.  And the crisper engineering brings Axl's voice forward in the mix with remarkable clarity.  I can understand the lyrics better on Live Era than on Appetite.  You can hear Axl's voice get muddled on Patience when the audience sounds are brought in.    Artistically, it was interesting to hear the differences in the live versions.  The ending to Child blew me away.  The solos in Rocket Queen are awesome.  Although I miss the repeated \\"home\\" verse from Paradise city, which is only sung once live.  And the cover of Sabbath's \\"It's Alright\\" is great.    A small gripe, while the spoken intros to Night Train and Jungle are great, other spoken segments get tired.  Do we really have to hear Axl asking people to step back, dance or turn up the house lights?  I find myself fast forwarding the first 30 seconds of a lot of songs.Like I said, small gripe.  Bottom line, it is an awesome album and I hope that they release another live album.
B001F6TXME|5.0|Nikon is the best!  And this just adds to my Nikon camera tools.  Very reliable product name, excellent quality, and the customer service is better than any I've dealt with.
B002ISID10|1.0|If you like music don't buy this album. It will ruin your life. It sucks that bad. I heard the guys in this band do this as a joke because little scene kids eat it up.
B004R13U6Y|5.0|I agree with one reviewer that the default pdf viewer on the fire is not that great. This is one very good application.
B005J9ZE5I|5.0|Wow! I can't praise this blu ray release of Evil Dead II, Sam Raimi's madcap horror film. The job done is fantastic, considering how displeased I was with Lionsgate's release of the Mimic blu ray, which wasn't bad, but left something to be desired.<br /><br />Anyway, the film is a masterpiece of it's genre, as well as being a remake of the initial film 'Evil Dead.' The film shines in both it's subtle scares and dark twists into comedic gold (i.e. Ash's hand). Forever remembered and revered, the film is a classic and will remain so. It was good to see Mr. Raimi return to the Horror genre with 2009's 'Drag Me To Hell,' which in my estimation, is going to be the closest thing the fans will get to a full fledged Evil Dead IV.<br /><br />Now onto the blu ray: I've owned the DVD since it came out and wondered exactly how much better the blu ray could possibly be. Well. Let me tell you, this is a top-notch blu ray. The colors are bright and beautiful, the blacks are splendidly inky, the picture is crisp and clear. And no, it does not make the effects look terrible, in fact, it makes them look even better.<br /><br />The bonus features on the disc are also great. The commentary from the initial release (to laser disc) has been ported over and is one of the most enjoyable commentaries you're apt to find. But new to the disc are a few documentaries and featurettes in crisp HD. Also ported over are some of the original documentaries.<br /><br />But if you were going to ask, should I buy this for ten or eleven bucks? The answer is MOST DEFINITELY. I'd say buy it if it was 2 million dollars, but I'm glad that's not the case. Highly, highly recommended. For a more comprehensive review, if you wish, check out bluray.com's review here: [...]
B001KOFH2G|5.0|Ordered this with Firefly to make a set.  Arrived factory sealed in just a couple of days!  Could not ask for a better experience.
B001AQR3JY|1.0|The product was shipped and recieved before the promised date which was a great suprise. However, when I opened the package, the dvd isn't in the original casing (very disapointing) I read the product details before and after ordering and receiving the movie and nowhere did it say it wasn't going to be sent with the actual Lion King case.
B001EN71CW|5.0|Ordered with Serenity to make a complete set of a fun sic-fi package.  This Blu-ray was exactly as described...factory sealed, brand new, and arrived a few days after I ordered.
B004FN7ZOC|5.0|this album made me invent a new word \\"brutifull\\" and thats what this is. Amon Amarth have evolved from an ok death metal band to viking gods.
1575666286|5.0|This book is not only for people who are battling cancer, but for those who desire to live as disease free as possible.  This book shows how you can bring your body up to maximum performance levels through diet.  Now, I'm not talking about Body by Jake stuff.  I'm talking maximum organ function, so that when those free-radicals move through your system, and we have them coming through every day, they are exterminated by your optimized running body system.  This diet will cause your liver, kidneys, bowel, and blood to be cleansed and work at peak capacity.<br /><br />Definitely a book worth reading and keeping for reference.  I use a modified version for daily living.  I found a wonderful juicer, the Champion, online and it works great.  The juicer they recommend in the book costs over two-thousand dollars, but that is because it is geared to cancer patients who juice 17 to 20 pounds of fruits and vegetable daily.<br /><br />Dr. Gerson was a man before his time.  If he had been listened to, and his ideas placed in the main stream of science, there would have been millions of lives saved.  Clinics around the world use his methods and save lives daily.  The pharmaceutical companies shut him up, and ultimately killed him.  His daughter carries on his legacy.<br /><br />Read. Decide for yourself.  Every household should have a copy.  It saves lives.
B002ZG975Q|3.0|This movie is a modern day twist on Beauty and the Beast and is based on a novel with the same title as the movie. I read the book years before this movie came out and loved it so I decided to give the movie a try. Had I not read the book, I probably would have given this movie a higher rating but comparing it to the book it was based on leads to it falling short. The characters were better developed in the book. And, the ending of the book was very different than the movie which took away from the story. However, there was an alternate ending on the DVD that better followed the book.<br /><br />This movie shows Kyle's transformation as person when a witch makes him ugly and gives him a year to find someone to love him. I think this movie presents a great message that it is not your appearance that is important but the content of your character. The actors did a great job to deliver this message through their interactions with each other and their portrayal of emotions.<br /><br />Overall, I recommend this movie to people who have read the book and those that haven't. It is a cute romance with a strong message.
B005FLX2WC|5.0|I am an electric blues fanatic and as such... fell in love with Joe's \\"Blues Deluxe\\" which gave me great hope for a new source of hard to find string bending electric blues in the image of Stevie Ray Vaughan, Albert King, Buddy Guy, Otis Rush, etc. I became very disappointed as the CD's that followed were nowhere near that caliber or neighborhood of blues. I even skipped buying Joe's last few CD's completely. But... for some reason I finally gave in and bought \\"Don't Explain\\" even though from what I read... and what I heard in mini-second sound bites... I knew it wasn't in the \\"Blues Deluxe\\" category...<br /><br />Man! Am I glad I bought it! This CD can without a doubt be called beautiful music. Beth Hart has a voice that blasts out from the deepest bowels of her soul and grabs the listener by their heart. Joe supports this titanic talent with all due respect that a voice like this deserves. Out of ten songs nine are winners. (I'm sorry... but \\"Chocolate Jesus\\" should have... to put it plainly and directly... been left off this CD. In the liner notes Beth says: \\"\\"My take on it is less of the chicken coop blues that he did, (Tom Waits) and more of a sassy, French caf&eacute; style.\\" I don't know about you, but the one thing I wasn't looking for on a Joe Bonamassa CD was \\"FRENCH CAF&Eacute; STYLE MUSIC\\"!)<br /><br />There are many great songs and performances on this CD... but none better than the absolute **CLASSIC** performance on \\"I'D RATHER GO BLIND\\"! This is an eight-minute-five-second tour de force. Beth's voice, heart, and soul is poured out with such powerful elegance... that you can't help playing it over and over. The combination of Beth and Joe on this awe inspiring song made me dream of them doing the National Anthem together on some titanic event such as the Super Bowl or World Series. In fact... talking about dreaming... great entertainment should make you dream... or simply have your thoughts drift away... and one of the things that I daydreamed about during this melodic masterpiece... was... I wonder what Janis Joplin's voice would sound like with today's electronic technological recording advancements?<br /><br />Just the fact that my mind drifted away into such thoughts should tell you all you need to know about Beth's singing. Joe has  a  couple of great \\"orchestral-like\\" guitar  solos... and \\"Something's Got A Hold On  Me\\" the song that follows \\"I'd Rather Go Blind\\" is a combination of foot-stomping- gospel-rocking-blues that will have you  dancing in the aisles for six-minutes-two-seconds. (I like longer songs.)  All in all other than \\"Chocolate Jesus\\" this is a tremendous musical achievement. So even subtracting from the rating for that mistake the overall CD is 4.75 stars which the judges will round up to 5.. was... I wonder what Janis Joplin's voice would sound like with today's electronic technological recording advancements?  Just the fact that my mind drifted away into such thoughts should tell you all you need to know about Beth's singing. Joe has  a  couple of great \\"orchestral-like\\" guitar  solos... and \\"Something's Got A Hold On  Me\\" the song that follows \\"I'd Rather Go Blind\\" is a combination of foot-stomping- gospel-rocking-blues that will have you  dancing in the aisles for six-minutes-two-seconds. (I like longer songs.)  All in all other than \\"Chocolate Jesus\\" this is a tremendous musical achievement. So even subtracting from the rating for that mistake the overall CD is 4.75 stars which the judges will round up to 5.
B0036TGSIK|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies. Emma Stone does a great job in her role as Olive, a student whose life is changed by one little rumor and favor that goes out of control. There are a lot of hilarious lines in this movie and the overall plot is very entertaining. I enjoyed that while some outcomes of the movie were predictable, there were a lot of twists that I did not catch or see coming.<br /><br />I have seen this movie several times and will watch it more because it is just that good. While it takes place in a high school, I think there are parts in this movie that people out of high school can enjoy and relate to as well. I am a college senior and still love and relate to this movie.
B000XR4OC0|4.0|I love my Tom's.<br /><br />I have been wearing the same pair for 3-4 months now.  I walk to work--9 blocks each way, and either continue to wear them throughout the day or change into heels when I get there. Over the weekend, I live in them. I live downtown. I walk to the farmers market, out to eat, grab a beer, etc.  They've held up very well.<br /><br />I have a wide bridge and narrow heel, which means comfortable shoes are not easy for me to find. These fit like a dream. Super comfy.<br /><br />They're not the most attractive shoes out there, and seem a little pricey, but the comfort makes up for it :)
B0027DK206|1.0|I had the same problem as several other reviewers. The first two shots came out fine but the third wouldn't eject. I tried removing the print manually in a dark room but it didn't develop. I put the cartridge back in the camera and tried again, but the prints still wouldn't eject, so the pack is ruined. I'm just going to return this, very disappointed.
B003NTMREM|4.0|Like many others here we are Dr.Who fans and started watching this in hope of similarity but we soon realized that they are nothing alike, and I can deal with that because even though I did not like it at first it grew on me half way through. Episode 12 is the most touching episode I have seen in a long time and that includes Dr.who! I think it is great that Captain Jack is homosexual, it adds uniqueness and depth so to all you homophobes stick to Dr.Who. Also please spare your Christ-like morals, it is annoying, not every show needs to be for kids and plus it is like some one else said \\"I live in the real world\\", violence and sex is EVERYWHERE, and in fact the show could use more. To sum it up....if you want a kid show with \\"good\\" \\"clean\\" morals then go watch the Veggie Tales.
0385040253|5.0|Want to keep an early teen busy during months of poor weather? This is it! My nephew in Germany had asked for it specifically, his mother soon after arrival told me about the different 'snakes' she keeps finding under his bed. He keeps going back to it to learn another tricky but useful knot.<br />I'm amazed how many ways of making knots there are, and in places or uses I would have never guessed. Great addition to anyone's library. I can't imagine anyone presenting a more thorough exploration of the use and know-how of knots. Caution: apparently addictive :-)
B0052RDHTM|1.0|That's really all there is to say.  I refuse to buy this book at this price until the publisher sets it to a reasonable price.
B004UXUUDA|4.0|Sarah's Key is a fascinating movie that asks the question, \\"Would you have defied the Nazis during WWII to help the Jews?\\" The movie switches back and forth between the present (a journalist who is investigating a round up of Jews by the French during the war) and the past (a little girl named Sarah who was taken by the Nazis along with her family). Sarah holds a terrible secret that drives her to return to the family's apartment as soon as possible and her determination to live and escape is truly amazing. I don't want to get into any plot spoilers, but I do recommend this movie if that time period is interesting to you. What I liked about it is that the action doesn't take place just in the past - it brings the dilemma and questions into the present in a very real way. Inevitably, the movie is sad but it offers hope for the future. Some secrets are better left undisturbed and some need to be brought out into the open.
B0000VCZK2|5.0|This is a great product! An awesome collection of the ENTIRE Aliens saga. The Bonus Content is great! With a price you cannot beat, definately a MUST HAVE. It took me a little over an entire weekend to watch all of the movies with the bonus content following. 9 discs, 4 with movies on them (in theatrical and special edition forms) and 5 discs of bonus content on all the films. Definately a great collection to have highlighting one of the greatest cult classic like series around! I love it!
B004FOA84A|1.0|its only had one level and I bought the sang thing. I already had the one level in my free app. I would like a refund
B004SIP6C2|1.0|The title of my review sums it up.  No offense intended, but it is what it is. The film is well made. The acting is great, but it is still pro-abortion propaganda. The movie basically tries to present an extreme circumstance (filled with emotion) to make it seem okay to kill a baby. I'm sorry it never is.
B000T5O48U|5.0|I bought this dvd as a gift for my son who collects Steven King movies and books. I always say \\" You can't go wrong with Amazon\\".
0767827716|5.0|This is my sons all time favorite Steven King Movie. I knew I would find it on Amazon.com.I can find anything I want oat Amazon.
0439023521|5.0|One of the best books I have read in a very, very long time. I would recomend reading the whole series.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I usually play games to take my mind off my troubles or just to pass the time, this game is great for both.
1609611543|4.0|This is a well-written and engaging book by a Wisconsin-based cardiologist, Dr. William Davis, who offers up a compelling argument that genetically modified wheat is one traceable cause of the Modern American Obesity Epidemic.<br /><br />Dr. Davis's arguments are clearly spelled out in a book that is wittily written and, while easy to read, presents detailed explanations of the medical basis behind his theory.  He explains, in great detail, how eating modern wheat-based products leads directly to food addiction through the opium-like effects of certain compounds that cross the blood-brain barrier and shows convincing proof in stating that an opium-blocker like naltrexone has been shown to block these effects.<br /><br />I agree completely with his idea that modern wheat can be a causative factor in insulin resistance, leading to weight gain, hormonal disruptions, and other nasty effects that trap the unwitting into a lifelong spiral of bad health.  This problem is further compounded by the inflammatory processes triggered by wheat.  He specifies diabetes, heart disease, arthritis, peripheral neuropathy, and dementia (and more) as predictable end results, and, just from my own real-world observations of others, I think he is right on target.<br /><br />Fortunately, he also offers practical solutions, guiding the reader with a specific Action Plan on how to eat, how to make the shift to a wheat-free diet, and even offers recipes to make the transition easier.  There are also 16 pages of reference material for those who are interested in researching his source material.<br /><br />I know several \\"vegetarian\\" friends who could greatly benefit from this book, having given up meat and gained an addiction to muffins, breads, and \\"health bars\\" that have caused their weight and their waistlines to balloon \\"for no apparent reason.\\" Although, like most addicts, I doubt they'll listen to me until they get \\"sick and tired of being sick and tired.\\"<br /><br />Thanks, Dr. Davis, for an enlightening read--I'll do what I can to pass on the word about those \\"healthy grains\\"!or an enlightening read--I'll do what I can to pass on the word about those \\"healthy grains\\"!
B002MQYOFW|4.0|I really liked the book.  Well, I really liked the first 80% of the book.  This book felt a lot like 1984 in the beginning (which is one of my favorites).  The description of life in Panem was maybe the parts I liked best.    Once the Games started, the book kicked up the fun factor.  I really didn't know what to expect and it was not very predictable. My only criticism was in the endings.    First of all, the ending of the actual games took a weird turn that not only came out of nowhere but didn't make a lot of since and then disappeared and didn't really seem to matter (sorry to be vague don't want to spoil).   By far, the biggest problem that I had was the part where the book turned into a big stupid love story.  The two things do not go hand in hand.  Fight to the death contest and love story.  I don't think I will be reading the rest of the books in this series as the love story seems to have to be the theme of the next book at least.    Overall if you quit at about 80% it is a good fun read.
B000MKD9P6|5.0|The Devil Wears Prada is an amazing movie. For people who like stories about underdogs, fashion, or just like the actors in the movie... Watch this movie! I can watch this movie over and over again and never get tired of it.
0385335989|5.0|I has started to read the Outlander series in my 20's, but didn't have the time and experience to truly appreciate the writing and story.  I recently picked it up again and began from the beginning. The story is entwining as long as you have an imagination and super-natural suspicions, otherwise you will not make it through the 1st book.  I have convinced my husband to read it - Jordan being his favorite writer - thinking that he would enjoy, but since the story is almost entirely written in 1st person, he is not inclined to see the odd sense of humor from a woman's perspective.  To truly enjoy this series, you will need to have to have known complete immersion in love to the extent of all else, but still have the morality of necessary commitment.
0439023521|5.0|The Hunger Games is a fantastic book; anybody would love! The book was written by Suzanne Collins. This is most definitely my favorite book! It was different, but in a good way. It is a unique book filled with romance, action, and adventure!  I love this book because it is a new way to look at life and it really gets you to think about how life could be in the future.  The book has a really intriguing love triangle. All and all, I think anyone would love this book no matter what age or what type of books you're interested in.
B001UV4XJ2|4.0|I have this version of Harry Potter 7 pt two and I love it, not only because I'm a major Harry Potter fan, but because with the ultraviolet digital copy on my family's iPad, I can watch it anywhere I want. One thing I didn't like was they added a scene to it that isn't in the book.  There are a few slight changes in it from the book, but otherwise it is great.  I suggest if you have an iPod or iPad to get this version of it so you can watch it anywhere.
B002MCYWIU|5.0|The wee-ride has finally allowed us to go out & about as a family. Our 14 month old just loves it! Super easy to install on a bike & the seat mount couldn't be easier to operate! It feels so good to get outside again!
B000OZ0NXA|1.0|If you like Rambo you'll love this. Jack Reacher is likeable fellow. However Mr. Rambo is just too much. I suppose the plot could be appealing in a simplistic way, but the characters are so without depth; the story so over the top. It's pretty much laughable.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I use it to organize and track everything from recipes to articles on leadership. The best part is I can save and article on my Kindle Fire and then instantly pull it up on my PC or iPad.  I create checklists on my PC and reference the list on my smartphone.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Solitaire game is easy to use and the controls are great. All you need to do is press the button to install... have fun....
1594202842|1.0|... because it is utterly ridiculous! I can't believe this is written by a prominent law professor. In the second chapter, she talks about hobbies for her children: \\"Not just any activity, like \\"crafts\\" which can lead to nowhere- or even worse, playing the drums, which leads to drugs...\\" Really? Spewing out unfounded generalizations like that just takes all her credibility away, parenting styles aside. I decided not to waste any more time with this book.
B005I64U66|5.0|One of the best comedy movies ever. I was not expecting it to be what it is, all of the carachters brought value to this movie. A laugh out loud experince with unexpected humor. I really enjoyed it and recommend.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|I have this on iOS and it's updated regularly (including an update this week).  The Android app cost the same amount as the iOS yet it doesn't seem to get the same updates.
B006FS22Y8|5.0|I too believe this might be her best work.  Too bad she wont be putting out more music - You can tell in her voice that she had the potential to be a GREAT STAR
B005V20JKI|5.0|Great game, I'm at level 60 and still having fun... Just waiting for an update with more levels! Thanks for a great game
B0064X7FVE|2.0|This app needs to have weather radar!!  This is a good app but would be much better with a map and radar.
B0063IH60K|5.0|fun to play when you are chained to a desk. I play daily!   it keeps my brain going and helps to keep me awake
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|I never really sat down and watched this movie until I got a great price on it during Black Friday week.  But slip it into a BluRay player, grab some popcorn and watch it on a big plasma with surround sound. What a feast for the Eyes, Ears and Heart!It is violent and bloody - so I wouldn't let my smaller grandkids watch it - but this is a stunningly beautiful movie. It will be one that gets watched over and over. So much has been written about content and the history behind the movie - it does tell the true and tragic tale of 300 Spartan Warriors that for so long went overlooked in history.  I'm just commenting on the visuals, which I found absolutely worth five stars.
B005F9CPG8|5.0|I have always been more of a hard rock guy, and back in the day, I liked The Rolling Stones, The Who, and The Kinks more than The Beatles, but when you listen to this compilation, you realize just why The Beatles were the success they were. A lot of great music here, and whether you were one of the screaming young teen girls in their audience, or whether you are more like me, there is something here to like!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I debated between the Folio cover and the Sleeve and grudgingly spent the extra $10 for the cover thinking the extra $10 would be worth it in some way.  Well, it was.  Sometimes I use the cover as a stand, which the sleeve couldn't. It protects the fire when closed and easily flips open.  I carry both my Kindle 2 and Kindle Fire in my bag everywhere I go.  The kicker was, immediately before it was shipped, I was notified the price had dropped $10
B004LROMSO|1.0|I love Arthurian legends and stories.  Camelot must be the worst ever produced, from the awful casting to the terrible plot.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|After updates it works on my SGN LTE! love this game, the only thing i would say is to same the volume settings. i always have to turn it down when i open the game. other than that it is perfect!
B005K17RU0|4.0|Best weather app I have ever used. I have it for both the ipod touch and the kindle fire. very simple and very accurate.
0393064476|5.0|This author, Steven Greenblatt, is magnificent!  He has the ability to keep the reader focused and wanting to read the next line, paragraph, page, and chapter. He turns history into something he unveils in such a way so that the reader gains understanding about him or her self.
B004VYYA2K|5.0|I JUST bought this for 12.99 at Bi-Mart in Oregon.  Shop around a bit and get this for at least half the cost it is here.  It's just a box people.  My 8yo is getting the Barbie dream house from grandma so I got this as an accessory for christmas.
B00003CY6M|5.0|This item was in excellent condition and arrived promptly. I have watched it many times and am very satisfied with my purchase.
0385534639|3.0|I listened to the Audible version of this novel, which was well-performed.  I'm afraid the novel gets only middling response from me, however. THe main problem that I ran into with it was that if left me shrugging my shoulders and feeling underwhelmed.  It develops great characterization for most of the primary cast, so I can't fault that. And the descriptions of magic scenery are luscious, no doubting that. The writer can certainly create a vivid picture in your mind.  But the story overall was lacking something.  The whole way through, I found it difficult to care about the main plotline.  It was too carefully placed, and frankly, not exciting enough.  The main challenge to the two characters is introduced as a dangerous, high-stakes magic game. But ultimately it doesn't play out as particularly exiting or challenging.  Everyone takes the climactic moments in a measured pace, and when I realized that what I was reading was actually *the climax*, I severely disappointed. I'd been assuming that the actual climax was coming any second now and would be much more exciting.  If anything, I found myself wishing that instead of this conclusion, we had been able to read about the prior magic challenge with Sukiko, since that sounded more interesting than what was actually being fed to the reader.  This was a very pretty collection of scenes, but it lacks true romance or mystery.  Because it's hard to feel engaged with the plot or romance, the enigmatic elements just drift by instead of ensnaring you.    If you want to read a great book about magicians, read Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell.  It's a much better book.
B00005R5G9|5.0|I know this movie is completely unrealistic but it's perfect for a dreamer like me! I love having it in my dvd collection.
B0006GAOBI|5.0|I have quite literally seen this movie 15 times. Every time I see it I see something I didn't see before. While the extended cut explains a lot (and is a must see for fanatics) I still think the original was better.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|I had never seen this movie before but love animals and wanted to add it to my collection. The movie was great! Have your tissues ready!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|It has been a long time since I've been unable to put a book (or Kindle) down.  This trilogy was amazing!  Definitely keeps you on the edge of your seat - waiting to figure out what will happen next.  SO good.  I'm glad I read the entire trilogy before the movie comes out.  My only worry is that the cast will not match up to the characters I envisioned in my mind.  Highly recommend!!!
B005Y5L2WG|5.0|I definitely recommend this entire series! It is very entertaining and I was thrilled when I found out that Amazon offers the episodes for only $1.99!
B003NFM3JK|1.0|I bought this movie when it first came out The Beginning was Really good Until Jacob Marleys Ghost showed up with his Broken Jaw I was creeped out and I'm an adult The Other Part that was extremely Creepy was the Ghost of Christmas present after he showed scrooge the present he was on the ground laughing and started to decompose into a skeleton laughing what The Heck was Disney thinking? This movie is not appropriate for family viewing at all. I thought the Ghost of Christmas Future In The Albert Finney one was creepy, This ones more on the line of a Horror movie than a Christmas one.
B005VNOPDO|5.0|I definitely recommend this entire series! It is very entertaining and I was thrilled when I found out that Amazon offers the episodes for only $1.99!
0743289692|4.0|I was one of those \\"Islam is really a religion of peace / it's just a few radicals\\" folks until I read Ali's book. She has completely changed my mind and I now believe there are serious concerns with the \\"live and let live\\" those in the West have toward Islam. The atrocities committed against women behind closed doors, the severe restrictions and controls placed on women, and the dictates stipulated in the Quran about what should be done to/about \\"infidels\\" is terrifying... and must be treated as unacceptable. This is not a complaint against a religious belief (i.e., Jesus and Muhammad were both prophets), this is an argument against HOW those beliefs are being taught and the fact that the basic tenets seem stuck in 7th century Middle East attitudes and cultures. Before you argue with me or anyone else you MUST read this book.   I'd bet money that this review puts me into a dangerous category -- I will now be a target for some Muslims. That alone proves my point.
B0060ICQAI|5.0|I definitely recommend this entire series! It is very entertaining and I was thrilled when I found out that Amazon offers the episodes for only $1.99!
B000GJPL1S|5.0|This is a great movie even with all the religious undertones.  They should have just left this one instead of matching the magical trilogy.  It is interesting that it spawned a whole new movie experience that others have copied over & over again & again.
B005TF06H8|5.0|I definitely recommend this entire series! It is very entertaining and I was thrilled when I found out that Amazon offers the episodes for only $1.99!
B000HVHM5S|5.0|It was interesting to see that they went back to the original 1984 movie and found the guy who played Winston Smith.  They used the same guy who railed against 'Big Brother' in the original 1984.  It's good to see that he's still able to bring power, fire, vigor and passion to this part as he did in 1984.  Everyone should watch this movie and realized that this is exactly what is happening today.  The media is controlled, stories are staged (the occupy Wall Street movement) and the creation of the Department of Homeland Security.  Everyone needs to take a hard look at this movie as a modern version of 1984 and then watch/read 1984 with Animal farm.
B005QWJWYC|5.0|I definitely recommend this entire series! It is very entertaining and I was thrilled when I found out that Amazon offers the episodes for only $1.99!
B00632HWOG|3.0|This App works just fine on any other android device, why someone would get this through amazon if they already have the regular marketplace is beyond me.  However for those with Amazon powered devices (Kindle Fire for example) keep in mind that this app was designed with vanilla android on smartphones in mind. And from what I have seen of the fire, it has a significantly different interface than expected. (poor in my honest opinion.)    Also for those that worry about power sucking apps, this one hides in the background and syncs a lot. Hint hint.
B004EPZ084|5.0|The movie wasn't that bad! Half of the 1-2 star reviews are people complaining about how vulgar the movie is. Why in the world would you buy a movie rated R, which even lists the reason WHY it is rated R, if you didn't want to see vulgarity. Go buy Toy Story 3 and get a good laugh out of that if you are so uptight. For people who enjoy crude comedy, and have actually read WHY it is rated R, should definitely at least rent the movie and check it out. Its especially good for college aged students to go along with movies like The Hangover, Forgetting Sarah Marshall, Get Him to The Greek, etc. This is NOT a clean comedy. Emphasis on the NOT. Another thing, watch Its Always Sunny if you haven't ever seen Charlie Day in anything, because I can see how he could get annoying to people who have never seen his type of comedy.
B005OOSPZO|5.0|I just bought this last week on bluray. I can't believe this was made in 1970 and I never had seen it yet. Not only is it a great movie but the bluray version is fantastic. The planes flying overhead and the bombs going off is just amazing in surround sound. Not to mention the excellent picture quality. I wish that all bluray's could be made with this same excellent quality.
B004WGGQPQ|5.0|Pretty cool app. Lots of cool options. Great time killer. My daughter absolutely loves it. She's always asking for my phone to play with this app!
0451232577|3.0|To begin with, I don't care that the Kindle version was comparatively expensive and my review doesn't deduct points because it was $20 instead of $10. For the amount of time spent with the story any price is a bargain against other books I've read.<br /><br />Fall of Giants is a WWI novel, plain and simple. It is told quite evenhandedly from the perspective of characters set in Russia, Germany, England and the United States. If you are a true historian you may find fault in some of its depictions. I didn't care for it as much of Follett's two other epic novels, Pillars of the Earth and World Without End. I found the warmth and vulnerability of the characters in those story's to be vastly better developed than the one's in Giants. This read a bit too strongly like a WW1 term paper yet I liked it because it educated me.<br /><br />I would consider reading it if you have a fascination with WWI or wish to acquire some knowledge of the conflict. If you are looking for pure fictional escapism I would look elsewhere.
1579128149|5.0|I wanted an elements photo and analysis reference book, and this book filled the need perfectly.  Great for informing kids while keeping them interested.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|His voice is so smooth - sincere and seductive all at the same time. Love them all but Santa Baby is one of my favorites... nice play on the lyrics and so naughty! :)
B003Z2LAAO|5.0|A nice 3D nature video spending good chunk of its time showing scenery rafting down the river within Grand Canyon.  I'm very appreciative of the effort of the filmmaker for putting this together in 3D.  I was able to view just fine using our passive 3D system and a good message to boot.  I would show this film to all who have any interest in Grand Canyon.  Well worth the $16 to feel like you were almost there in person.
B002I9Z8I0|5.0|Recieved item fast and without any problems. Was in condition as described. Would do business again with person. The highest recommendation.
B002ZTQVGQ|2.0|First, I am more than a little shocked that the story, set in Japan, with Japanese characters look...Caucasian.  Which continues to baffle me, except that Disney got a hold of a good story, and didn't think Americans might like to see people who don't look like them.  Next gripe?  Mom and Dad using their child as a go-between; Mom using her child to comfort HER; Mom getting drunk and passing out; Mom's driving...even my two year old who knows not much about cars started yelling \\"UH OH!!\\" and pointing.  It's a kid's movie, so the story is a bit light weight.  This might bother me more if the other grievances weren't so many.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|Recieved item fast and without any problems. Was in condition as described. Would do business again with person. The highest recommendation.
193413712X|5.0|\\"George Washington Crosby began to hallucinate eight days before he died.\\"<br /><br />And so starts one of the best books I've read in a long time.  Tinkers is the short, Pulitzer Prize winning, debut novel by Paul Harding.  In 2009 it came out of nowhere, published by a small press, barely reviewed anywhere (or at least, at any length) and then all of a sudden OMG PULITZER!<br /><br />This is a dense little book.<br /><br />On the surface, Tinkers details the final hours of George Crosby's life as he reflects on his past.  The story is told from two perspectives.  There's George, in the present, as he lays in his sickbed - a \\"rented hospital bed, placed in the middle of his own living room.\\" As George's consciousness shifts, we see the story of his youth from the perspective of Howard, his epileptic father.  Howard deserts his family (including young George) and later we get to see Howard as a boy, dealing with the disappearance his own father.<br /><br />But this is just structure.  The meat of this thing is just so... amazing.<br /><br />The prose itself is so good that sometimes I felt myself sucking in and reading and re-reading again, just to savor the words and the depth and the lyrical flow of it all.<br /><br />Tinkers was an amazing reading experience.  It's already on my re-read list and I think it's a book that I'll revisit every few years.  If you like beautiful writing, lovingly constructed characters and a truly wonderful reading experience then I highly recommend it.
B004WR125O|4.0|This little dongle seems to work without a hitch. It was purchased along with the onkyo receiver and they both work great.
0307946711|5.0|I just finished this book and didn't want it to end.  I loved Emma and Dex.  Yes Dexter was a bit shallow but he was adorable in his shallowness!  I loved the way the characters developed and found the dialogue terribly witty and wry.  Best book I read in 2011.
B005QKYIZ2|5.0|I am not a HUGE music person as my friends know, I choose certain bands, singers and singles and stick with what I know, but ove the past few years there have been a handful of utterly mesmorizing musicians releasing AMAZING albums that I've fallen in love with. MIKA, Lykke Li, Ida Maria, Adele and Adam Lambert to name a few. All of which I've downloaded or physically bought all they have released to date. But in all that time, never and I mean never has a musician captured my heart and soul both at the same time.  My best friend happened to mention to me about how he enjoyed Florence and the Machine's song off of that current TWILIGHT soundtrack. So, I took a leap and went out and blind bought her first album LUNGS, which blew me away. So hearing at that time that she was soon to release her sophomore album, I bought it when it was released. And in that almost month and a half time have not stopped listening to it.  Starting with a breathtaking and haunting \\"funeral durge\\" of a song in ONLY IF FOR A NIGHT, Florence sets the stage for a haunting, bittersweet and utterly mesmorizing album.   With haunting songs like ONLY IF FOR A NIGHT and WHAT THE WATER GAVE ME and my personal favorite SEVEN DEVILS, she brings a mysticism to CEREMONIALS that for the darkness of the songs is very hard to do. She gives us wonderful pop flares mixed in with the drum heavy BREAKING DOWN and the absolutely divine SHAKE IT OFF.      But what I find amazing is that even the least of the album is still so gorgeous and layered and powerful that you can't stop listening. The choir laced swaying of NEVER LET ME GO, and the confusion infused LOVER TO LOVER all resonate a deep sadness or wanting feeling, and Florences voice with it's whisper to a scream quality never misses a beat, particularly in the absolutely awe inspiring NO LIGHT, NO LIGHT if you don't have shivers during the last interlude in the song, you have no soul.  The album receives my HIGHEST recommendation, and at the end of everyyear I make a top ten albums and CEREMONIALS has quickly and easily knocked Lykke Li's Wounded Rhymes into second place. Go out and buy it!  Best:  1. No Light, No light  2. Seven Devils  3. Only If For a Night  4. Shake it off  5. What the water gave me
B000S81MHY|5.0|Think outside the box - it probably is a good mini-stand for milling projects, but I am very happy with it as a well built, very tight and perfect stand to adapt and use as a DSLR macrophotography camera focusing rail!
0385342055|5.0|This is one of my favorite series for books. Becky is quite a quirky lady and never fails to surprise you.
1451648537|3.0|I don't read many biographies.  The previous one I had read was \\"Mark Twain: A Life\\" by Ron Powers.  But when I finished that book, I felt that I knew Sam Clemens as a person.  In contrast, when I finished Isaacson's biography, I didn't feel like I knew Steve Jobs much better than when I started.    Isaacson did an admirable job covering the events of Jobs' life and he provided many interesting anecdotes thanks to his access to the people who knew Jobs, but the access was wasted on Isaacson. I hope that someday someone writes a biography insightful enough to capture this complex person, but it's likely that that author won't have the opportunity to conduct as much original research because he or she will not have been anointed as Jobs' official biographer.    This book reads like an extended magazine article.  Rather than capture the essence of Steve Jobs, Isaacson stops at describing his abusive behavior, crying, etc.  When I finished, I was left hungry for a deeper analysis of both Steve Jobs and the products he created.
B005C9YZPA|5.0|got the DVD set in today and it was in great shape and packed up very well..  this is a Xmas Gift for my dad and im sure he will love it thanks amazon  A++++++ seller
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This case is durable and useful, yet simple and understated. The Kindle Fire fits snugly in this case. It can be used either as a simple cover for the Fire to protect it from low-impact damage, or you can easily view videos and pictures while it's right in the case.  I am very happy with this purchase. Sure they could have made a case that would have cost less than this one, but I'd rather have a sturdy, stylish case rather than a cheap, flimsy product to protect my $200 investment in the Fire.
B004XE0P5E|5.0|Bon Iver makes an amazing sophomore album. It has an ambiance to it that will leave you humming for days. Bon Iver has a specific style that you have to have the right pallet for though. I would recommend listening to the album at Myspace.com/boniver first. I honesty love this album though.
0765348276|5.0|THis is a great book.  I'm not a fan of science fiction but wowee!  i read this every chance i got and immediatley ordered the next one.  give it a shot.  you'll like it!
B0000B1OFL|2.0|This film is an infantile knockoff of the 30+ year-old original, a weak Ocean's 11 version. Its main purpose is to serve as a nearly 2-hour commercial for Mini-Coopers. Key words - double-cross, revenge, unbelievable.
B005K17RU0|5.0|Easy to check in on fam &amp; friends by knowing their weather daily. Maybe early on there were glitches but my Fire works with this app smoothly. Can't believe it's free!
0307887960|5.0|This diet works where others don't. For those rare few who have trouble--you're obviously not drinking the water. You have to drink the 7 cups of water or you are in danger of getting gout or getting constipated. Also, for those complaining on here about not getting their vegetables---that's only in the first phase which can be as short as 2 days or as long as 10. The second phase even has a tiny bit of oil. Really, some of the bad reviewers haven't gotten past the first phase and looked at the rest of the diet. BTW, I have lost in 10 days what it took me 5 months on Atkins to lose. I'd much rather suffer a bit more than get NO results for so long--it's disheartening and makes you want cheat.
1568363842|5.0|I've read about 10 different JSL books, including the Berlitz book, and I must say that Japanese for Busy People I, II, and III are hands down the best. Fantastic development of skills and comprehension, challenging, and appropriate for the beginner to intermediate user. By the third book you're reading hiragana and answering all in Japanese. It's a smooth transition and the sections are short enough you can finish each in about an hour.  I CANNOT recommend this book more highly!! If you want to learn Japanese, get this series of books.  Sharon
B001DIDUHS|5.0|I had been looking for this for years and finally did find it on Cassette tape after a long search....the songs are really good and the ones that stand out are \\"Devil and Daughter\\" and \\"When Death Calls\\" which has Brian May as a guest artist on that song.....I'm not what you would call a metal head but when I found that tape, I shocked several in the record store just by buying it....I'm more used to getting CD's from Queen and the like but I had heard about it and decided to get it. Wore the tape out but glad to find the mp3 files on the web....now they are on my Ipod, and my smartphone....<br /><br />My thoughts: if you can find it and can afford it, get it......
B004TI5N38|5.0|I found the book vey interesting and i could relate with all the charaacters..  The action keeps movng and I found the book veryvhard to put down.  I recommend it highly.
B005HSL626|5.0|I think the game is fun, cute, cool, creative, and highly addicting! i play it everyday! good graphics too! sure there's ads but you could always turn off your wi-fi! I love this game! :)
B005V20JKI|5.0|just funny! it's easy  but if you want to get high scores, it does take some skills. plz keep update!!
B0061JPYX2|5.0|It was delivered right on time but I had to run fast to hide it from my son. He is and still is a fan of the late, great Any Winehouse.  Thank you for your prompt deliver. 6 stars!
B005K0HDGE|5.0|Although my Stephen King days are in the past ( having given up horror and science fiction novels) I was enticed to listen to this on audio because of my undying interest in the Kennedy assassination.  True to the publisher's notes, this has very little to do with science fiction and everything to do with history and its impact. It is highly readable, very modern, with a story line that has something for everyone.  I think the novel is especially relevant for those who were alive and cognizant during the fifties and sixties.  I also believe that King has concluded in a way that is natural and necessary, not particularly how we might wish, but how it had to be.  I just could not put it down. I wanted to dole it out in small doses, but I was too greedy for the next chapter.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|I loved this movie, and the blu ray can't get any better! a lot of exclusive footage, cool design and a killer price!
1573300403|5.0|This is the Michael Jackson video I have searched for quite some time.  Amazon really lives up to its name when it comes to price and deliver of orders requested.  I am more than pleased with the Michael Jackson video since it shows more than what was expected.  The price was right and everyone should really view this particular one!
0425170349|3.0|Like the title says, this book is probaly great if you're familiar with the characters in his other books. Clancy is a good writer, he's not new to writing books so expect something that's going to flow well if you're going to buy this book. The idea of the book is cool: a dream team of special forces guys from all over the world.  Ding Chavez seemed a little mechanical to me at times, but I guess he's a military guy so that's how they're supposed to be.
0545323126|5.0|My daughter is enjoying these popular books. Now they are part of her personal collection. She is carrying at lease one of the book with herself.<br />I would surely suggest these books (the whole collection) to everyone.
1451627289|4.0|I bought this book based on the premise of going back in time to change the outcome of 11/22/63, and not so much because of King writing it.  Prior to this, I never even looked at a King novel.  The idea behind this book caught my eye and I found it interesting.  Who hasn't thought about going back in time and changing an event in history or something that changed the course of your life?  I know I've thought about the idea once or twice.  When I first got the book, I thought King's editor forgot to do their job before printing. It is over 800 pages long! King does a great job setting the atmosphere of the time. From his description of the cars, music, and cultural dress of the late 50's to early 60's, you get the feel of being back in that period. King also does a good job of providing a little science to the story.  He also provides a believable way of how Jake, the main character, finances his expenses. You'll have to read it to understand.   Overall, I enjoyed the book, and it was a good read.  I wasn't anticipating the love story between Jake and Sadie, the female lead, but it was written in a very nice way. King takes you along for a ride of highs and lows with these characters.  He allows you to feel their emotions as the story moves along.    If you are looking for a JFK book about that day in Dallas, don't by this book. You can find that information in more of a historical text. This is a work of fiction with an interesting theme. King does provide some historical facts, and provides a lot of detail of Jake finding and watching Lee Oswald.  However, the love story between Jake and Sadie takes up a lot of pages. When the time comes on 11/22/63, King uses one chaper to cover that subject. After the event, he starts to move forward in a rapid pace.    I enjoyed this story and would recommend it to other readers. Not sure if I'll read another King novel, but if his next novel has another interesting theme, I might check it out.
0439023521|5.0|I just finished the first book, and I cannot wait to pick up the next one.  To all the skeptics, I was one, too, especially after realizing the book was written in the first person.  I do not usually like first person stories.  Suzanne Collins, I have one word for you.  Bravo.  Amazingly written.  I could not for one second put the book down, and when I did, I couldn't wait to pick it back up.  The first few pages, I thought, were a little... well... boring, but give it some time, and you will be caught up.  I don't know if I would recommend this to children, since it basically revolves around death.  I would recommend this to teenagers, adults, and mature preteens, but again that is only my opinion.  Read, enjoy, and \\"may the odds be ever in your favor.\\"
B001UV4XIS|1.0|Having read some of the online reviews, I realized that a 3d Blu Ray version was available in the UK but not the US.  It seems like a way for the movie companies to force you to buy two products, Blu Ray in time for Christmas and then Blu Ray 3D when it's released in the US in a few months.  I think they're doing the same thing with Kung Fu Panda 2.  I followed the advice of another review, and bought the Harry Potter 3D Blu Ray (it says it's region free - so it sounds like it will play on any Blu Ray machine)from Amazon.co.uk.  It was less than $30 including shipping.  It's ridiculous that the movie companies are trying to maneuver US customers into buying the disks twice.
B005JLN9ZI|1.0|It's funny how much crap hip-hop has become. At first I hated Puffy, then comes Hot Boys, making Puffy look good, then comes 50 cent, making Hot Boys look good, then comes the Ying-Yang Twins and Lil' John making 50 look good, then comes, Lil' Brain, I mean Lil' Wayne, making them guys look good. Now we have Drake, a joke of a rapper,making all them losers look good. I swear, just when you think Rap can't get any worse it does!!! It's so sad it's funny!! Hip-Hop is dead! Hip-Hop today is for pretty boy wimps. It isn't hardcore no more!!! When I think of Drake and his form of \\"rap\\" I think of brain dead little punks who would get their faces cracked by REAL Hip-Hoppers like NWA and Wu-tang!! Keep it coming! I love seeing these degenerate losers thinking this is hardcore! Man, the rappers in my neighborhood would rip this guy an new one any day!! Drake would be nothing without the promotion of his label. This whole album sounds like some idiot TRYING to sing in the shower! I got nothing against rappers singing, BONE THUGS anyone? They were awesome but this guy sounds like he recorded this whole album in his PJ's, laying on his bed, half asleep. You want real hip-hop? Peep Rakim, Canibus, Ras Kass, Tupac, anything before 1998. WU-TANG FOREVER, SUCKERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B0067Q42BY|5.0|just played a few games but I think this will be very addictive.  better than others I've tried by far!
B005R4255C|1.0|If you're reading this, please go to youtube right now. Look up all these unreleased songs by MJ RIGHT NOW!!  \\"Cheater\\" \\"Got the Hots\\" \\"Sunset Driver\\" \\"Do you know where your children are\\"  \\"In the Back\\" \\"She Got It\\" \\"Beautiful\\" \\"I Want to Stay\\" \\"Fall Again\\" \\"Blue Gangster\\" \\"Scared of the Moon\\" \\"There Must Be More to Life Than This\\" \\"You Can't Win\\" \\"Work that Body\\" \\"Trouble\\" \\"Slave to the Rhythm\\" \\"Slapstick\\" \\"Serious Effect\\" \\"Niteline\\" \\"Love Never Felt So Good\\" \\"If You Don't Love Me\\" \\"Hot Street\\" \\"Get It\\" \\"For All Time\\" \\"The Way You Love Me (original)\\" \\"Someone Put Your Hand Out\\" \\"On The Line\\" \\"We've Had Enough\\" \\"We Are Here To Change The World\\" \\"One More Chance\\" \\"Carousel\\" \\"Someone in the Dark\\" \\"Street Walker\\" \\"Fly Away\\" \\"Xscape\\"  Simply put, I don't want to hear remixes from some contemporary producer DESTROYING  Jackson's masterpieces!! What is the point here? The way Jackson's legacy has been handled since his death is an insult and it just makes me furious. If this were Elvis or 2pac you would see countless material emerge from everywhere but Michael? We get 2 crappy albums from Sony that don't come anywhere near what they have in the vaults! Go look up those unreleased tracks on youtube and then tell me they're not holding back quality material and giving us crap. Where are those tracks mastered!!!?! Where are the Victory, Bad, and History tours on DVD?!!! Stop giving us this crap that can easily be out done by a fan burning his own CDR mix cd!! I'm so mad right now!
B005RJ6AIK|5.0|Over the past ten years, I've developed a sense of respect and appreciation for Hawaiian slack key guitar and this wonderful soundtrack is made up of some lovely examples of the genre played by a few of its real masters.  As I watched \\"The Descendants\\", I smiled at the wonderful memories I have, sitting on the beach in Hanalei, staring out at the incredible scenery and listening to Gabby Pahinui, Keola Beamer, and Dennis Kamakahi.  That music, and much more, makes up this collection.  But I think the most poignant song here is \\"Hapuna Sunset\\" performed by Charles Michael Brotman who performs with the group Kohala and has a number of CD's available through Palm Records.  At a critical part of the movie, the character being played by George Clooney stands up and starts to make a announcement to a group of his land-owning trust.  At that moment, the music from \\"Hapuna Sunset\\" begins and the image dissolves to Clooney's character, back in the hospital at his dying wife's bedside.  It is a riveting moment onscreen and this was a perfect music choice to accompany it.  Slack Key guitar music really grows on you and hopefully, through music like this, more people will get a deeper feeling of the mana and the spirit of the music. Enjoy!
B0042AEOG0|2.0|This CD does not come close to her first Christmas CD and had I been able to listen to more than samples I would not have purchased.
B000002J09|5.0|Led Zeppelin's untitled fourth album (1971) remains one of the great hard rock albums of all time, and one of the greatest albums of all time, period.  Zeppelin once again shows their versatility musically, lyrically, and vocally.  This album has melodic guitar riffs, darkness, mysticism, and the lighter side as well.<br /><br />I find myself favoring the songs \\"Rock and Roll\\", \\"Four Sticks\\", and \\"When The Levee Breaks\\" the most.  The song \\"Black Dog\\" is awesome as well.  Truly iconic.  I used to like \\"Stairway To Heaven\\" a lot, but I grew tired of it a long time ago.  Now, it's one of my least favorite Zeppelin tunes, probably because it's overplayed.<br /><br />Overall, this classic album is a must-have for all Zeppelin fans and fans of classic hard rock.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|My sister in law for how many months has been telling me to read this book.  I kept saying \\"yeah I will get to it eventually.\\"  Finally about 3 days ago I purchased the book and started reading it right away.  OMG! I wish I would have started it earlier.  The first chapter was kind of slow, but after you got to the second chapter, that is where I really got hook. I am currently on chapter 23 and will be finishing it tonight.  I can honestly say that this is an awesome book.  I was iffy on it considering it is meant for a younger generation... of course that is where I am at now lol but this was a great read so far.  I would definitally reccomend this to friends.  I acutally started telling people about it :)  Take a chance even if you borrow it from someone...i think it is worth the read and money 100%
B00005N5RM|5.0|Noted for launching the film career of Steve McQueen, [[ASIN:B000AQKU72 The Blob]] (1958) offered a different slant on alien invaders, during an era when there were some pretty wild permutations being presented in the movies.  The remake of this science fiction thriller, The Blob (1988) retains the basic outline of the original story, while updating it for the times, and featuring some impressive special effects and gore.  With some gross-out comedy elements, the remake is a fun time, delivering some decent thrills and a few laughs, with teenage kids again as the main characters.<br /><br />A meteor impacts in southern California, near the town of Arborville.  An old man living in the woods, is investigating the crash site, when a strange substance gets on his hand and begins to interact with his flesh.  High school student Paul Taylor (Donovan Leitch) is driving through the woods with his date Meg Penny (Shawnee Smith), when he accidentally hits the old man, who is apparently being chased by Brian Flagg (Kevin Dillon), a classmate with a reputation for getting in trouble.<br /><br />The three kids take the injured man to the hospital, after which Brian leaves.  While being treated, the man is partially consumed, as a blob-like creature is released.  This creature then absorbs Paul, in front of a shocked Meg, and exits the hospital.  The police discount her story about a monster, so Meg seeks out Brian, who is eating at a diner.  Meanwhile, the creature has entered the sewer system, and just happens to show up at the same diner for a late night snack.  Hiding in a walk-in freezer, Meg and Brian manage to survive, as the creature has an aversion to cold.  Eventually they end up at the meteor crash site, and are taken into custody by a government containment team, led by Dr. Meddows (Joe Seneca), who turns out to be your typical mad scientist type.<br /><br />With the basic players established, the story continues incorporating elements from the original story, like the Blob's appearance at a theater while a movie is playing.  The blob then oozes back into the sewer system, pursuing Meg and her brother.  The finish is pretty original, as some of the residents have barricaded themselves inside a church.  Brian arrives on the scene driving a snow making truck, to try and stop the creature, however things don't go very smoothly, and only Meg's quick action helps to avert disaster.<br /><br />There isn't a lot of suspense or sheer terror, but director and co-writer Charles Russell's ([[ASIN:B0006Z2KFC Dreamscape]], [[ASIN:0790729601 Eraser]], [[ASIN:0780630866 A Nightmare on Elm Street 3 - Dream Warriors]]) remake, is definitely an enjoyable and entertaining ride.  The story, co-written with Frank Darabont ([[ASIN:B0010X745K The Mist]], [[ASIN:B0000399WI The Shawshank Redemption]]) is smart, moves along briskly, and holds together very well.  The special effects are outstanding, and used well.  The film is nicely cast, from top to bottom, with people like Jeffery DeMunn, Sharon Spellman, and Candy Clark, in minor roles.  The acting performances by nearly everyone, are excellent for a movie in this genre.  The teenagers played by Dillon and Smith, are intelligent, resourceful, and brave.  You can totally get behind these characters.  There are some occasional missteps, but for the most part this is close to perfection, for a sci-fi B-movie told in a traditional 1950's style.  Unfortunately, besides a trailer, this release offers little when it comes to extras.eater while a movie is playing.  The blob then oozes back into the sewer system, pursuing Meg and her brother.  The finish is pretty original, as some of the residents have barricaded themselves inside a church.  Brian arrives on the scene driving a snow making truck, to try and stop the creature, however things don't go very smoothly, and only Meg's quick action helps to avert disaster.    There isn't a lot of suspense or sheer terror, but director and co-writer Charles Russell's ([[ASIN:B0006Z2KFC Dreamscape]], [[ASIN:0790729601 Eraser]], [[ASIN:0780630866 A Nightmare on Elm Street 3 - Dream Warriors]]) remake, is definitely an enjoyable and entertaining ride.  The story, co-written with Frank Darabont ([[ASIN:B0010X745K The Mist]], [[ASIN:B0000399WI The Shawshank Redemption]]) is smart, moves along briskly, and holds together very well.  The special effects are outstanding, and used well.  The film is nicely cast, from top to bottom, with people like Jeffery DeMunn, Sharon Spellman, and Candy Clark, in minor roles.  The acting performances by nearly everyone, are excellent for a movie in this genre.  The teenagers played by Dillon and Smith, are intelligent, resourceful, and brave.  You can totally get behind these characters.  There are some occasional missteps, but for the most part this is close to perfection, for a sci-fi B-movie told in a traditional 1950's style.  Unfortunately, besides a trailer, this release offers little when it comes to extras.
B0053JJLLC|2.0|The premise is silly.  The plot line is silly.  The writing is mediocre.  You should not pay $12.99 for this book.  You should pay no more than $.99 for this book.
014132452X|5.0|Released on December 17, 1843, A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens was a runaway success that changed the way England viewed and celebrated Christmas.  In fact, the first Christmas Card appeared in 1843, illustrating a family drinking wine together, with a depiction of a charitable scene.  It was precisely the vision of Christmas as a family occasion steeped in a spirit of goodwill to all men that Dickens espoused in the novel.  To be fair to Sir Henry Cole and John Callcott Horsley, the creator and designer of the cards, their idea was in the works many years before Dickens was a writer.  The story is a familiar one that you may know already.  There have been many adaptations of the book produced, with my favorite being the 1951 version of the movie starring Alastair Sim.  The essential story has also been intertwined into many tv series, soap operas, and sit-coms.  Yet there is something compelling about reading the story as Dickens first told it - not just because he's a masterful storyteller, but symbolism and subtleties can't always be translated to the silver screen.  All of the Ghosts who visited Scrooge on Christmas evening have symbolic appearances.  Jacob Marley is chained down in his afterlife by all the financial appurtenances of his time.  The Ghost of Christmas Past reflects a changing vision, depending on how you look at it.  This spirit gives Scrooge a tour through his Christmas Pasts that he never quite considered before.  The Ghost of Christmas Present is probably the most remarkable image of the spirits.  His bounty represents that of Scrooge, whose wealth is only matched by his penuriousness.  Meanwhile, the stark and sparse image of the Ghost of Christmas Future is that of death.  As we suspect, and as Scrooge discovers later on, it is the aftermath of his own death that is being portrayed.  There are some references that aren't well understood 170 years later, which makes a version of `A Christmas Carol\\" with a Dickensian Glossary, like this book, a helpful post-mortem.  There's even a reference to American History - in particular, the decision of Andrew Jackson to revoke the Charter of the Second National Bank and deposit gold bullion into local state banks.  He put credit into the hands of local banks, some of whom abused the privilege by issuing the practically worthless securities mentioned by the novel.  The story is only 126 pages long, which you can read slowly, and easily, in a week of commuting on the subway.  You don't have much to lose - and possibly the spirit of Christmas to regain - by revisiting this all-time classic close to the form that it was first presented.
0553801473|2.0|Too many characters, too many pages, too much of nothing!  The first three titles in the series were outstanding.  A combination of books four and five minus at least a half dozen characters and some serious editing would have made one good novel. One can only hope that Martin will read the negative reviews, pick up the pace of the plot and drop all the superfluous material in the next Song of Ice and Fire book.
0439023513|3.0|Like other reviewers, I found this book to be rather disappointing. Katniss does not develop much as a character and spends most of her time as a pawn of other characters or under sedation. The action is murky and uninteresting. The grand finale is underwhelming. This could have been so much better!<br /><br />Mihai Pruna<br />Author, Blood in the Sandbox
0786868724|4.0|Mitch Albom's \\"Have A Little Faith\\" is moving, spiritual and enjoyable to read.  However, the book leads me to question how (and if) Albom reconnected to his Jewish roots -- does he have a mezzazuh on the door, does his wife light Sabbath candles, does he celebrate Jewish holidays, does he follow (by actions) traditions of Judaism?  Albom seemed moved and touched by his \\"Reb's\\" actions, as it relates to passing on the traditions and rituals of Judaism.  The book left me questioning if Albom, himself, was moved to action, as it relates to his faith.
B0016QNSFQ|4.0|British filmmaker Derek Jarman's penultimate film consists basically on literate deadpan tableaux dealing with the life of Austrian philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein (1889-1951). The late Jarman, who was known for making gay-themed experimental movies, filmed the whole of Wittgenstein in a indoor stage, as a series of mannerist vignettes. If you want to watch this movie to know about Wittgenstein's theories, don't bother. These are dealt superficially and  perfunctorily, while emphasis is made on his homosexuality. This movie is not very deep, but is not very heavy either, I think this was a bit of frivolous exercise on the part of Jarman but it is also funny and and quite entertaining.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Runs great on my kindle fire. I love angry birds. The games always give me something to do. Although some of the games can be very hard.
B005CGI3ZG|5.0|I read all the reviews before I decided to buy this. I was really worried because a lot of them said they had trouble with the packaging and that the discs ended up with glue on them and were un-playable. I definitely did not have this issue though! Maybe the packaging was different, but there were no paper separators with glue on them between the discs. So I definitely recommend this set. The price is incredible for the whole series (it works out to be only $6 per season!). Anybody who loves Dawson's Creek needs this set!
B0055SWM08|4.0|love this game, except for the hints. I would rather get one hint instead of it showing the whole pattern.
B005HSL626|1.0|aggravated since it plays for 3 seconds then goes back to the app screen. havent played a game at all. deleting this app now.
B005QF0GIK|5.0|being from D.C., where the artist grew up , i can relate to the music she was raised in as I, us both being musicians an all.  What i continually hear whenever I listen to Meshell's music is a growth in the space inside the music.  Not to say it is as simple as less is more, even tho in this case, it is.  But to grow up and honed in the go-go atmosphere where it is heavy percussion , pure emotional mahem, funk all over the place from the bass..and so on to a transition to a total other place in quiet and sereneness, where ever note counts for something and the emptiness is heard.  It speaks volumes for her rebellion against humans being programmed how and what to think, it shows her inner struggle to be more than just another XXXX...and she continues to grow even though it may seems like shes doing less and less musically.  I have'nt listened to all of it yet, but man it fells good to listen and appreciate walking down MLK avenue over by St E's and being taken to another place that represents those very same footsteps in a different light. 6 stars for me.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|Really nice graphs for details on the strength of all the networks. Nice to see how signal strength changes as you move around.  Works great on my Samsung Galaxy tab
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Must have game to pass up time or anytime!  My whole family loves this game and we have it on all our devices!
B0063IH60K|2.0|Very frequent hijack ads (takes you out of play, forcing you to look at ad instead). If not for that, it's a nice ap. Uninstalled.
B003L77G06|5.0|Delivery was much quicker than expected, which is much appreciated since it will be a Christmas gift. The product appears to be in perfect condition.  I don't like comedies, at least that's what I thought until I saw Modern Family.  It's brilliant and I'm happy to be able to share such a wonderful show with someone else. [[ASIN:B003L77G06 Modern Family: The Complete Second Season]]
B004FOA84A|5.0|It's a game of finding the object or figuring out the puzzle that opens the next room.  The hints are tricky to spot sometimes. Doesn't have a strong storyline, but I found it a lot of fun trying to figure out what I missed.
1439152780|5.0|I wish I could give this ten stars.  I gave \\"The House at Riverton,\\" four stars because of a slight nit pick, and because I grade hard, and now I wish I could double the score because that's how much this marvelous young writer has improved in just a few short years. Lucky us!  The distant hours in this book are the whispers and secrets  from the past lives of three sisters who live together in their family home, a crumbling, lonely castle.  The book begins when the sisters are quite elderly but flashes back to their childhood and then to their years as young women during WWII. Told through their own eyes and the eyes of a young girl who was evacuated to stay with them during the war, the different points of view reveal misunderstandings as well as truths and the intricate plotting keeps the reader unsure about what actually happened that night in 1941, until the very end.  I loved every minute I spent with this book.
B0000VCZKW|3.0|This is one of my absolute favourite movies.  But I agree with the other reviewers, I WANT a widescreen version.  \\"Full Screen\\" is so outdated.  In fact, I don't think I know anyone with a TV that is not 16:9.  All of my friends and family upgraded years ago.
B004H83IM8|4.0|I'm not gunna review the movies...most people already do that.  I just wanna say this collection is very much worth the money. I didn't even expect bonus stuff but each movie does have some.
B0063IH60K|5.0|enjoy it keeps busy and its quiet to play in waiting  rooms, while waiting for children, or just to pass the time away
B0055S348W|5.0|It doesn't matter where I am I can send pics documents and photos for work or at home.... Amazing..... And fast
B00005N6KG|4.0|The Sony Ultra light is exactly what I needed for running in the summer. Ear muffs don't allow my ears to do what they are designed to do: remove heat.<br /><br />On the downside, be careful pushing down on the top to get the ear plugs to line up. Use your fingers to carefully guide the slide while using one set of fingers to reinforce the back. If the slide buckles it will snap.<br /><br />If this review was helpful, please add your vote.
B005D0RDIE|5.0|A maior banda de rock progressivo do mundo. Power trio fantstico.  A ltima msica ento (Working Man)  um pico!! vale a pena aos amantes do bom rock ter este lbum.
B0039UTDFG|1.0|Like many other reviewers are also saying, while Life is an amazing BBC documentary this version definitely is not.  Why on God's green Earth anyone thought to replace Sir David Attenboroughs unrivaled commentary for Oprah Winfrey moronic babbling for the narraration defies explination. In addition to the unmatched narraration of Sir Attenborough it contains contains several hours of footage not included in the Oprah Winfrey version in addition to higher quality 1080 P video instead of the 1080 i that the Oprah Winfrey version has.  I assume they must of deleted of few hours of footage from the Winfrey version to make it easier for her extremely limited intillect to narrate.  During the Shallow Seas episdoe Oprah enthralls the viewer with informative commentary such as fish tend to live in the water and they like to swim.  Her moronic babble is mind numbing and is just plain embarassing to our country.  I shudder to think that the rest of the world thinks that Attenborough's excellent narration was replaced by Winfrey's because Americans demanded it or wanted it because based on the overwheling majority of the reviews out there we clearly don't.  I hope someone at BBC or Discovery channel reads these reviews and never does anything like this every again.  The fact David Attenborough has been knighted for his excellent career as a narrarator is proof that he is unrivaled in the field and his excellent body of work is something I have greatly enjoyed since I was a small child in the early 80s watching the Nature series on PBS.  Don't make the mistake I did and accidently buy the infinitely inferior Oprah Winfrey version first and have the rebuy this item to get the Attenborough version.  The Attenborough version was one of the best purchases I have ever made and the Winfrey version is the absolute worst and completely unwatchable with the sound turned on.
1427071616|4.0|It must have been around 1870 when very capable artist Basil Hallward brilliantly painted soon to be very rich 20-year old Dorian Gray. Hallward's wordy, witty friend Lord Henry Wotton on their first meeting in the painter's studio persuaded Dorian Gray that youth was any good looking human's greatest attribute. And youth, since it did not long endure, must be lived to the utmost while it did last. This meant Dorian's \\"expressing,\\" externalizing every insight, impulse and passion that most people learn to keep bottled up inside them. An early version of \\"let it all hang out.\\"<br /><br />Oh, how hitherto naive and innocent Dorian wished that he would never have to say farewell to his youth and beauty! If only he might stay young while the young man in his portrait did all the aging? That wish was granted. And THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY (1890, 1891) unrolls the next 18 or 19 years of Gray's while everyone around him grew older but he did not.<br /><br />It can be argued,that Dorian's wish for eternal youth was morally indifferent, neither good nor bad. It might have remained harmless, like Ponce de Leon's search for the Fountain of Youth. It was conceivably a well-meaning God who granted Dorian Gray's wish. What would matter in the end was what Gray did with his youth.<br /><br />He was given good albeit secular advice by painter Basil Hallward and very bad, cynical, character-ruining  advice by Lord Henry. Unfortunately for Hallward (whom Gray would later murder) and for Dorian himself, the young man consistently heeded Lord Henry. In consequence, Dorian Gray learned to separate art from reality, learned to value clever words and eptithets more than unselfish deeds and denied himself nothing that his fertile brain could imagine. This self-indulgence included frequent visits to London opium dens, brawls with foreign sailors on the docks and viciously spurning Sybil Vane, the teenage Shakespearean actress, whom he loved for her acting skills but who renounced them because they seemed unreal compared with Dorian's love for her. Hours after a scathing denunciation by a disappointed Dorian, young Sybil swallows prussic acid and dies.<br /><br />All this dissent into hell is faithfully reproduced in the increasingly cruel, vicious lines of face and body in the portrait of Dorian Gray. The picture becomes the conscience of the novel's hero who often sits spell-bound before it. It sometimes persuades him, very briefly, to make half-hearted efforts at reform. But the portrait allows Dorian to understand that every single one of his half-hearted good deeds is hypocritical, is bad acting. For 18 years, until he destroys himelf with a knife intended to destroy his portrait, Dorian Gray remains a handsome 20-year old while all others move steadily toward the grave.<br /><br />Telling the bare story of Gray's decline takes up perhaps a third of THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY. The rest is ballast, starting with excursuses into Gray's sometimes year long fads of the moment: tapestries, music, religion (especially Roman Catholicism), mysticism and decadent French literature. Then there are teas, dinners and parties among the swells and aristocrats of London. These are all contrived social stages for Oscar Wilde to let his decadent characters like Lord Henry Wotton and handsome young Dorian Gray skewer institutions like marriage and preen themselves before admiring audiences as they drop several hundred seemingly spontaneous epithets into sparkling conversations. The London ambience of useless Duchesses, members of Parliament and wealthy society widows is lovingly limned by Oscar Wilde.<br /><br />Let one party and its smart talk suffice for many. As brilliant for its repartee as any other social occasion in the novel is Chapter 15's small, hastily puled together dinner at Lady Narborough's. Dorian Gray appears, having mere hours before having stabbed to death his friend painter Basil Hallward and having then blackmailed another onetime friend to dispose of the body. At Lady Narborough's Dorian was wildly excited but outwardly calm and his manner \\"as easy and graceful as ever.\\" The company was rather dull. His hostess's married daughter had \\"one of those characteristic British faces that, once seen, are never remembered.\\" Things became livelier when Lord Henry Wotton arrived, very, very late. The table discusses the amours of Madame de Ferrol. Lord Henry summed her up: \\"Her capacity for family affection is extraordinary. When her third husband died, her hair turned quite gold from grief.\\" Henry preens himself when accused of wickedness: \\"It is perfectly monstrous ... the way people go about nowadays saying things against one behind one's back that are absolutely and entirely true.\\"<br /><br />The question arises at Lady Narborough's: are we such a sorry lot because it is \\"the end of the century\\" (fin de siecle)? or the end of the world (fin de globe)? Certainly none of the players is morally outstanding or even self-content. They are useless and they know it.<br /><br />-OOO-xcited but outwardly calm and his manner \\"as easy and graceful as ever.\\" The company was rather dull. His hostess's married daughter had \\"one of those characteristic British faces that, once seen, are never remembered.\\" Things became livelier when Lord Henry Wotton arrived, very, very late. The table discusses the amours of Madame de Ferrol. Lord Henry summed her up: \\"Her capacity for family affection is extraordinary. When her third husband died, her hair turned quite gold from grief.\\" Henry preens himself when accused of wickedness: \\"It is perfectly monstrous ... the way people go about nowadays saying things against one behind one's back that are absolutely and entirely true.\\"  The question arises at Lady Narborough's: are we such a sorry lot because it is \\"the end of the century\\" (fin de siecle)? or the end of the world (fin de globe)? Certainly none of the players is morally outstanding or even self-content. They are useless and they know it.  -OOO-
B00127RAJY|5.0|Hi, I just wanted to say how much I love the 30 Day Shred. It is such a good workout. I had open heart surgery about a year 1/2 ago and I went through a depression and put on quite a bit of weight afterwards since I had to take time off from college, couldn't drive or workout for about 6 months. So I put on an extra 20 lbs. I am short about 5'1 and weight 153. I went in for my heart check up this last week and I've lost 16 lbs and 2 pant sizes thanks to Jillian Michaels. Everyone keeps telling me how good I look and I feel good too. This is the only DVD that I have done of hers but it works. I also, added on 50 minutes of extra cardio Monday-Friday and a healthy diet. I took weekends off tho and still lost the weight. There are 3 different levels and you do each level for 10 days. Each level gets harder The only thing with me is that it did get a little bit repetitive by the 10th day but it is well worth it. Just a tip is that you can listen to you ipod if you know all the moves and jam out to some of your favorite tunes, this is what helped me get me through the last few days of the levels. Jillian Michael's does a 3, 2, 1 system. 3 minutes of strength, 2 minutes of straight cardio and 1 minute of abs. The first time I did level 1 I was so sore, could hardly walk for 2 days. But I kept at it and I am so glad I did. Level 2 is my favorite I really enjoyed this level. I am on the first day of level 3 and I'm going to definitely be feeling the burn tomorrow. LOL. I have never wrote a review on here but I wanted to just say that anyone who is trying to loose weight and tone up should get this dvd. It is absolutely fabulous. I have arm muscles that I have never had before. I wish I could thank Jillian personally. I just bought 3 new workout video's of hers for Christmas. I don't have much to loose but still have that belly that i'm trying to get rid of since I'm short...gahh!So I bought 6 week 6 pack, No More Trouble Zones and Banish Fat, Boost Metabolism. I'm so readyfor them and to work my butt off. I am now an official Jillian Michael's fan for life and my goal is to do all of her workout dvd's. So once again, THANK YOU JILLIAN!:)
B004SDSSFY|5.0|If you use any of the business software, ie: excel, word, pdf, ect, this is the perfect app. I use it every day for the spreadsheets. I have never had any problems with this app and I have used it on two different phones. I def give this 5 stars.
B005OK722U|4.0|Sure, Eli Roth has nothing to do with this film, and that had me very skeptical from the time I heard another sequel was being made, and Roth had absolutely no involvement in it at all.<br />It seemed like \\"Hostel 3\\" was just going to be another sequel made for money. One that was only made to cash in on the success of it's predecessors, had nothing to do with the \\"Hostel\\" world us fans grew to love, and would just have the famous name slapped onto it to help sell the movie.<br />With all that said, and now have actually seen the film, I can say it's none of that. The film is different from Eli Roth's \\"Hostel\\", and \\"Hostel 2\\", but that's to be expected when someone else takes over on a project.<br />The game has changed in this film. Instead of taking place in Slovakia, it takes place right here in America. Vegas to be exact. As you know: What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas....<br />As apposed to people all over bidding on people to kill, like a twisted/psychotic version of eBay, Hostel 3 is a gambling game. People betting on how, and when the victims will meet their demise.<br />This film isn't as dark as the previous installments, but it's not the crappy film I thought it was going to be.<br />This is definitely a film I support!<br /><br />I give it 8 and a half out of 10 stars.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|We have the Settlers of Catan game with the 5-6 player expansion along with Seafarers Expansion.  Great family game that involves strategy.  You can make it as strategic as you want depending on the ages of your kids/players.
B005V20JKI|5.0|Works beautifully on Kindle Fire. It is very addicting and nonstop. Not glitchy and runs smoothly. One of the best games out there.
B005UA0FLE|5.0|Beautiful Christmas Songs by a beautiful voice of Michael Bubl especially Ave Maria song. I love it. Merry Christmas and happy New Year!
B005H5H3LW|5.0|It was my ritual as a child before grade school every morning to watch the bastardized US version called \\"Star Blazers\\" of the this classic anime tale. To finally see it realised as a live action feature thrills me to no end. The production value is excellent and I was happy that it was not over-dubbed. I only wish it had been longer, those 2 hours passed far too quickly.
0385339100|2.0|As usual with Mr. G, law is all about making millions and running away. Not much to do with reality, with legal errors to boot - 1) Husband dies, wife collects life ins. payout, 4 years later, husband comes back alive. Then wife tries to avoid paying back the life insurance payout by having him killed. Grisham doesn't seem to know that life insurance is paid annually, and one could not keep making policy payments for 4 years after the guy died, so having him killed after the policy expires would be ineffective.  2) Character is caught by customs & border protection as she seeks to flee the US with a false passport. Grisham does not realize that the US C&BP only inspects people entering the US, not departures. 3) The big evidence offered to the Dept. of Justice is a recording of a lawyer telling his partner that their client admitted committing a crime. That would be both privileged &  hearsay. Not much use as evidence, unless some exception applies - but that would be too real to explain?  Grisham has made too much money, 'run off', and forgotten too much law to write about the subject convincingly.  At least Erle Stanley Gardner cared enough about the subject to get the law right.
B0063IH60K|5.0|classic fun, best game ever!  I like the winning deal option. truly best solitaire game I've played in a long time.
B000002A3T|5.0|This is definitely my favorite Floyd's set of recordings. A more mature theme, lyrics, and music makes this a must listen too. The ultra sexy \\"Wearing the Inside out\\"and one of my favorite songs of all time from Floyd \\"High Hopes\\". All through out this recording the rest of the songs are splendid with deep rich sounds and melodies that will get you hooked.  Brilliant !!
B003LPR4ZK|5.0|I can highly recommend this movie. Anne Bancroft gives one wonderful spunky performance. Anthony Hopkins is superbly graceful; respectful and surprisingly ... (that part is a surprise!)... as the story moves forward. Two of the finest Artists I have watched. Individually and to my surprise...together enchantingly delightful in this movie. FIVE (5) STARS...smiles...for the two stars!!!
0307949486|1.0|I really wanted to like this book... but I couldn't even finish it, and I rarely leave books unfinished.<br />I read about 200 pages until I finally decided to give up because of how slow and boring it was... I just couldn't get into it and it felt like a complete waste of time. I heard from other reviewers that it doesn't start getting interesting till the end... So I just don't get how so many people got through the 600+ pages and actually enjoyed it.<br /><br />Maybe I'll watch the movie.
B002NWRMVS|4.0|Like many fans, I was absolutely blown away when I first heard \\"Come Away With Me\\".  It's not every day that a mainstream release from a new artist is so thoroughly and artfully written.  Too much new music is bedazzled in production, becoming a product unlike that from which it originates.  But here was a girl with a beautiful, sultry voice and a piano, or a guitar, or both -- and it sounded wonderfully organic and real.  Polished, but intact.  I liked it so much I bought the follow-up album right away, without hearing it on the radio or listening to samples online.  I was a little disappointed by the change in style of \\"Feels Like Home\\".  I remember reading something about how they tapped in to a simpler country motif, and the difference was far from subtle.  It was still Norah, still honest and dripping with authenticity, but where \\"Come Away With Me\\" was classy and elegant -- like a little black dress, pearls, and a penthouse in New York -- \\"Feels Like Home\\" felt like jeans, flannel, a bonfire, and seats fashioned out of bails of hay.  I don't feel that there were any stand-out tracks on this album, whereas \\"Come Away With Me\\" was absolutely stunning -- packed with contenders for my favorite song of the bunch.  Instead, it sounded like this was for Norah.  A chance to speak from the heart and be who she was (or is).  She had proven herself on the first album, and had the confidence to let her hair down.  To be honest, I skipped over \\"Not Too Late\\".  No reason, it just never came up.  I stumbled upon \\"The Fall\\" while standing in line at a Starbucks in San Francisco.  The slow, siren-like call of \\"December\\" became the soundtrack for a cool and foggy morning.  Warm drink in hand, the sounds of a busy city fell in to the background, time slowed down, and a contented calm settled over me.  I ordered the CD from Amazon on my phone as I made my way out the door.  \\"The Fall\\" is slow and haunting.  Airy, spacious, and subtle.  The arrangements are deceptively complex, because it sounds almost minimalist, but there's quite a bit there.  I attribute this both to her extraordinarily accomplished backing musicians -- for knowing just what to bring to the song, and every bit as important, what not to -- and the talent of an experienced engineer -- for knowing where to put those elements, and how to blend them.  There are many complaints about the sound quality of this album, which is not entirely unfair.  It is true, there is more limiting applied in the mastering than previous releases.  But as someone who has dabbled in production, it's a far cry from what's common these days.  There are still dynamics, and the clipping is fairly subtle.  The distortion in many tracks is quite intentional, and typically applied to the keys or guitar as an effect, not a by-product.  Vocally, there's a lot more processing than on \\"Come Away With Me\\", but to be perfectly honest, I felt the vocals on that album could have been compressed just a little more to keep from overwhelming the song.  This time around, there are a few times I wish she were a little more prominent.  My biggest gripe about the sound -- and this applies to \\"Feels Like Home\\" as well -- is that it sounds a bit dull.  Almost as if the engineer has lost his ability to hear higher frequencies and has cut them so the rest of the world hears as he does.  I can certainly understand not wanting to mix what you can't hear, and I'm not sure many people would even notice, but I think it explains what some folks call \\"a bad recording\\".  It's really not, it just sounds like they used the mixing board, mics, and preamps from \\"Dark Side of the Moon\\".  Compared to the fidelity attainable on modern audio systems (not that we get to take advantage of it much), there's a lot missing from the sound.  Here on my cheap computer speakers, I used a software EQ to add a wide high-end boost (6dB @ 10kHz), and a little bit on the low end (8dB @ 60Hz, and 2.5dB @ 400Hz).  It brings the recording alive, bringingback some lacking detail and punch.  Since (IMHO) this album is NOT heavily compressed and limited, there is quite a bit of space between the instruments, and a depth that is sadly missing from most contemporary recordings.  With a little processing, I find it much easier to settle into the music -- which is great, because this is a good CD.  Not as flashy and demanding of attention as \\"Come Away With Me\\", but comfortable and thoroughly enjoyable.  This is a good album to listen to all the way through.  In a random playlist, you would overlook it, and that would be a shame.  So, slow down, and devote an hour (well, 45 minutes) to \\"The Fall\\".  Like a fine painting, a rainstorm, or your favorite meal, it's good for the soul.
B005F6NA56|4.0|I love an artist that can change from record to record. It's called evolution. If you want more of the same, turn the radio on.  That being said, Feist slices through my emotions with that amazing voice the way Chan Marshall does. And even Adele to an extent, though much more \\"pop\\" in her song delivery.  Good stuff. It always takes me a LOT to be impressed by females, I am female, and don't really know why that is. Maybe I'm just not easily swayed by sugarcoated crap a la Lady Gaga or Britney Spears or Katy Perry.
B005TQAI6G|5.0|I'm a closet fan of britney spears but I like to watch her perform. It's a little painful to watch cause it seems like she does not know what to do on stage and seems scared of her own shadow besides the other folks performing with her to make her look good, so she continues to just go back to the hand and arm movements and the all too well over used hair toss. Oh well, at least she has a job and gets a steady pay check.
B004R739LE|5.0|The Lowepro brand is really a favorite brand, because of the feel of the material, durable and very comfortable.  It looks cool and light with weather-resistant mylon.  What makes this Daypack a handy bag is that it is made for carrying your gear for the day, meaning not all of it at once, select what you need and off you go.  Plus, with your day camera gear, you can store other items on top.<br /><br />So, for a quick trip, pack your camera gear on the bottom, and necessities on the top.  For the bottom half, there are movable dividers for various sizes of equipment.<br /><br />I always like the dual compartment zippers.  When you zip, there is a flap that covers the zipper for better water-proofing the zipper.<br /><br />Most camera bags are meant for camera gear with little room for other non camera gear.  The pack has two separate dividers, top and bottom, and extra front outside zippers for small stuff.<br /><br />The mesh side pockets are tight, small, so don't try to put a water bottle in it.  The inside 9\\" mesh pocket is good for storing papers, maps, tickets, etc.<br /><br />Although, the downside is that if you want to carry a laptop, it may not fit.  The top carry handle is not with that durable grip and if you have a large hand, the handle is too small.  Sadly, it is just that black canvas and could use the solid grip.<br /><br />Shoulder straps are adjustable, contoured, and very comfortable, while the bottom has adjustable straps that can hold a roll or a Tripod.  There are 4 strap hooks in the front for attaching more items/gear.<br /><br />I have used this as an out of town backpack, and the bottom holds my gadgets, phone, Ipods, camera, e-readers, etc.  Very neat backpack, comfortable, convenient, cool.....Rizzo
B00004SA8A|5.0|I love Schubert's compositions, and his piano sonatas are among my favorites.  This is an extensive boxed set of some of the best of his piano sonatas brought to life by a terrific Wilhelm Kempff.  Kempff is not my favorite pianist, but for some reason he just takes complete ownership of these pieces and plays them brilliantly.  His style is that of a softer touch, and it suits Schubert's pieces.  It reminds me of Murray Perahia playing Mozart.  Though I listen to the two Vladimirs (Ashkenazy and Horowitz) most of the time, I still come back to this set.<br /><br />It's lovely background music since it's not too loud or intense.  I often play these CDs while reading a novel or relaxing in the evening with friends and family and wine.<br /><br />Bang for the buck, this is a great set for any lover of elegant and beautiful piano music.  Makes a great gift also, and you can be sure that even if the recipient isn't a fan of Schubert, they likely will be able to appreciate this set.
B005URRCUY|4.0|El ltimo esfuerzo discogrfico de los Black Keys es sin duda un aporte luminoso al tedio de la msica actual, es cierto que han tomado algunos riesgos en su evolucin musical, pero se aprecia la bsqueda de una identidad y a la vez el \\"punch\\" snico. Reminiscencias ledzepelianas en \\"Little Black Submarines\\" hacen particularmente notoria esta bsqueda.  Algunos de sus crticos han denostado su aparente nueva direccin de elaborado pop y \\"arena athems\\" influenciados por Danger Mouse, productor del disco, quien se ha hecho notar pero no de mala manera a mi parecer, creo que les ha inducido a una ruta totalmente viable, dados los recursos de la banda.  Temas destacados son el ya mencionado \\"Little Black Submarines\\", \\"Sister\\" con un ritmo contagioso y difcil de retraer, \\"Run Right Back\\" y \\"Money Maker\\" cargados de riffs adictivos, as como  \\"Gold On The Ceiling\\" y \\"Lonely Boy\\" que estn hechos para la radio.  En general un buen esfuerzo, tal vez no comparable con la originalidad de sus anteriores albums, pero si de considerable calidad.
B001IFZL50|5.0|How good is Generation Kill?  So good that I put off watching it.  I didn't want it to end.  Just watch it.
B0068AWQQ2|2.0|The high rating reviews listed for this movie prompted me to rent it. Wow what a mistake, This is a so-so movie with so-so-so acting. I`m a huge fan of the original film and was very excited by the many positive reviews I read on this site. I was not expecting such a thin plot and shoddy acting. This left me to consider the possibility that the majority of the misleading reviews on this site are fake, perhaps an Amazon  marketing ploy, because this movie is not at all properly portrayed. Okay,yeah true, Colin is hot, I'll give them that, but so what?
B000957O82|5.0|As far as I'm concerned this movie is as close to flawless as you can get. The casting was a stroke of genius with the smooth and charming Will Smith as a much sought after \\"date doctor\\" who can make love bloom for everyone but himself, the strong but sultry Eva Mendez as a gossip columnist who uncovers his idenity and threatens to break his heart, and the always funny Kevin James as a nerdy accountant chasing his dream girl. This film is funny all the way through, warm hearted, romantic and smart.<br /><br />Jennifer K. Lafferty<br />Author of Offbeat Love Stories and More
B001EN71CW|5.0|This Blu-Ray disc is a great gift for either a friend or yourself! As a fan of Browncoats everywhere, there would be no doubt that I would like the content of the episodes. What is nice is the layout of the different menus within each episode, allowing you to see other \\"extras\\" that come with the disc. The behind the scenes footage is really good, though I wish that they could have included more auditions from the rest of the cast, and not just Alan Tudyke. The load time seems to take a lot longer than other Blu-Rays that I own (I don't understand why because the title screen content isn't all that elaborate). For those of you that thought the \\"censoring\\" of Nathan's \\"behind\\" was lame on the Science Channel, it's there in all it's glory on the disc. All in all a most worthy addition to your collection.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I was so happy to find Daria here!  I watched this show all the time when it was on TV.  I personally am not upset that the music has been changed, I actually didn't notice. I bought another for my friend as a birthday gift!
0545265355|5.0|This trilogy was absolutely amazing. I'm not much of a book reader and I couldn't put the books down. At the end of every Chapter I couldn't wait to read the next. great buy and great read.
B0034G4P7G|5.0|This movie is intense and catching. About the most important thing in world cultural life in the 0's. I have never really understood why FB became so big. Still don't. Good watch!!!
B005ORVMT2|5.0|I know that there have been negatives written in regard to audio imperfections, but overall the sound is incredible. I probably would not have known of them if they had not been pointed out. I did have to send mine back and get a replacement copy but that was because some of the packaging was defective (gatefold sleeve was not folded properly).<br /><br />If you like Rush you really need to get this set. You will not believe the difference from the previous releases. I thought Neil Peart was good but after listening to these 5 discs he is perhaps the best rock drummer I have ever heard.
B005K17RU0|5.0|The app AccuWeather for Android provides detailed weather info in an easy to read screen. Should satisfy almost anyone looking for weather info.
014312093X|4.0|The strenght of this book is his depiction of the charachters, even the pathetic ones are enjoyable.<br />It stands out in the genre, this is no mere spy book, this is a book about people who are spies, common people if it can be said, some are patriotic, some idealists, some just were waiting for promotion. They are human.<br />The main character, George Smiley has a brilliant mind, he is retired and separated from his wife, he finds himself drawn back to his former job in secret to investigate the existence of a double spy in the British Inteligence.<br />Inteligence is what this is about, in our day intelligence is misunderstood as information, in present day spy books and films information technology takes a central part, not here, partly because of the time it was written, but mainly because it relies, as Smiley, in another inteligence, social inteligence.<br />All the characters are different from one another, they all manipulate each other, they all have different motivations, even if they work on the same side of the conflict.<br />There are no great chases, very few shootings they happen off scene or in memory, no mention at all of cutting edge technology and alienating technologisms, no great conspirations, no hero trying to save the world, no 100% evil villain.<br />I wish you get this book at a right moment, at a right age.
B005K2XUPK|5.0|FROM ALL THE COVERS OFFERED I THINK THIS IS THE BEST ONE FOR THE MONEY.  I AM VERY HAPPY WITH IT. WAS CONSIDERING THE LEATHER ONE BUT AM GLAD I GOT THIS ONE.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|my kindle didnt come with any type of note pad or program/app to write notes or anything so i came upon this and its exactly what i wanted. it does lists & word docs. you can label them and color code them, its great!
1463514581|5.0|Bought on my kindle...loved it!! Read in about an hour and a half flat!! Couldn't put it down. Cant wait to read more of Denise's novels!!
B002ECJZ76|5.0|If I could rate this movie a 10 or higher, I would.  This movie is Beyond Words.  I have never had a movie affect me emotionally like this one has. This is and amazing story set in a very realistic world.  You will never look at Christmas again after seeing this move.  It will change you emotionally and spiritually.  After watching it, every time I think about it or tell someone about it, I end up crying(that is NOT normal behavior for me!).  Absolutely the best Christmas movie I have ever seen.
0374275637|5.0|Daniel Kahenman opens this book by describing the way its basic ideas were generated. He describes how his colleague at Hebrew University Amos Twersky was a guest- lecturer in his class and how this lecture led to their subsequent friendship and collaboration. Kahenman makes it clear that were his friend alive he would have shared the Nobel Prize Kahenman was given. Essentially the two of them undermined the assumptions about human rationality in decision making which were prevelant in the 1970's in economic theory. This work would as Kahenman explains be taken up in all kinds of different fields. It would teach many different kinds of researchers to more carefully examine their own assumptions especially those regarding the validity and rightness of their own intuitive judgments. A good part of the present work is demonstrating in various ways how those intuitive judgments often are mistaken.<br />The intuitive judgments are what Kahenman calls part of the system of fast thinking. The intuitive kind of thinking that enables us to immediately recognize a face or understand a sentence often leads us to misjudgment. Kahenman outlines various kinds of bias, such as availability bias (We tend to be misled by being influenced by the information closest to us) the endowment bias ( The sense that something which is ours is more valuable than the very same kind of thing when it is others).<br />Kahenman also describes and analyzes the second system, the slow, rational, deliberative system in which consciousness is at full play. This system too errors if not with the frequency of the more rapid intuitive system. Kahenman tells us at the end of the book that one reason he has written the book is to provide us with a vocabulary for understanding our minds which will somehow enable us to overcome the biases. In this he knows that he too here is perhaps guilty of the bias of relying more on our rational, conscious mind than is really possible.<br />I have touched upon only a few of the matters raised in this important work.  Like other reviewers I find it refreshing to see that Kahenman expresses his views modestly. He is aware that error is not something foreign or impossible to him either.ers raised in this important work.  Like other reviewers I find it refreshing to see that Kahenman expresses his views modestly. He is aware that error is not something foreign or impossible to him either.
B003L77G06|5.0|So I got ordered this and got it within a week or two. It was great! The package it came in was good and the DVDs were in perfect condition! I love this show!
B00656C6KK|5.0|You'll find songs from several decades. And although they are all terrific - including the song from Doris' son, Terry - the older recordings (Life is just a bowl of cherries, My buddy) are Doris at her best. For Doris fans this is a no brainier - they will love this collection. Thank you, Doris!
B0001Z52RU|5.0|What can I say?- I love this movie and it came at a great price! It was packaged well and I received it in a timely manner!
B0041KKYBA|1.0|Another class warfare advancing movie by far left hypocrites. Makers of this documentary are mixing capitalism and criminal activity into one.<br /> Question to Matt Damon: Sir, how many millions did you charge for your role in \\"Saving Private Ryan\\", or Bourne trilogy? Should we regulate how much money you and your fellow entertainers are making?
B0052UZIFA|5.0|This game is awesome but it freezes every time I play it on my galaxy nexus. Hopefully there will be an update.
0756655307|5.0|I ordered this book as a Christmas present for my son, who is obsessed with super heroes. It arrived quickly and in perfect condition. The images are amazing. This book is a must-have for any super hero fan! I couldn't put the book down myself and I would consider myself a novice. I cannot wait to give it to him, he is going to love it!
B003UESJHO|5.0|Received product on time in great condition as promised very happy with product will definitely order from vendor again gladly.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Can't get enough of spider. Not always easy to win. I love. Playing with double suits, increases the difficulty of the game. Love the game!!!!!
B002GHIPYI|5.0|When starting the research necessary to find the right headphones for me, I needed to find the best balance of cost and sound. While I had never personally heard of the Superlux brand, the clamor across the internet for the price to performance ratio of theses cans was really overwhelming. The barrier of entry to great sound has been lowered. Construction is very sturdy and comfort is unexpectedly good. I never thought that cans of this price range could include everything that I needed.  No amp required to enjoy these. Clear crisp highs and strong, fun bass are what you can expect. If I had to criticize anything, the lower end of the mids are a little recessed, however the overall sound is still excellent.
0143038419|4.0|Really enjoyed this book.  I was inspired throughout and really went through a whirlwind of emotions just like the author.  Very enjoyable read.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|Like I said, every time I play this game, I get a few minutes into it and it freezes.  One star until it works for my device.
B004X80QNG|3.0|works fine on all androids below 4.0. Does not work on ICS. when attempting to use the settings feature it crashes my galaxy nexus.
0446569909|5.0|A highly entertaining read.  I couldn't put it down.  The story of John \\"Ozzy\\" Osbourne and his rise from a working class industrial background to huge global super star was written so well there is not a single boring or insignificant page in the entire book.  It doesn't matter if you like Ozzy or not, or if you hate heavy metal and doom.  Get it, it's hilarious!    I always take memoirs and biographies with a grain of salt.  I mean who wouldn't embellish stories or even make up things said in a conversation to make it funnier or more interesting?  I'm not saying anything was made up but how accurate can you're recollections be when you were doped up and black-out drunk all the time?  But even if 99% of it was not true or if 99% of it is true, it doesn't matter because Ozzy knows how to tell a story and this is a great story.  Highly recommended.
B005QBKXSC|4.0|If you liked the other selections from Daughtry, you'll like this. It's got the right blend of rock and ballads. It's what I've come to expect from him.
B0042EJD8A|5.0|If you want to know what fracking really is then this is the DVD to watch! Josh Fox has done an incredible investigation uncovering the FACTS and giving EXAMPLES of what fracking has done. I had my whole family watch this, EVERYONE was shocked and moved to become an anti-fracking/enviorment advocate! This is the best documentary I have seen on fracking. A must see for the entire population!
B004VMUS9G|1.0|Why is this app listed for the Fire? It says &quot;the phone must be on for the alarm to work.&quot; The Fire DOES NOT HAVE A PHONE! According to the instructions, it also requires a GPS.
B0010SKUYM|5.0|The story just sucks you in, I had a hard time putting it down every night which isn't always the case with me as I get bored in stories easily.  I am looking forward to Day 2.
B0042J6VUS|4.0|This basic tripod is great for what it is and works as advertised.  Arrived on time as advertised.  The leg extensions are a bit fragile as they are made of thin aluminum, but what more could you ask for, it was $6.
B004X80QNG|4.0|Doesn't work on my Nexus Worked great on my Droid, been looking for an app like this for a long time, please fix
B0058VW36U|5.0|I not one to buy games when there's many n many for free, but this one u must get!! everything about the game is great. Great sound, graphics, picture, level challenge... good job ZeptoLab. Am sure if u get this game you will love it too because it great
B00005B1EX|5.0|trully the best live album ever, there is no comparisson, this will be my 3rd purchase, every song in this album is amazing!!! a must have in ur collectio.
B0049P1VHS|5.0|I got this for someone that is very hard to buy for and he loved it. It got there when they said it would.
0393064476|3.0|I picked up \\"Swerve\\" at the Boston Book Festival held in Boston by the library in October. The author was speaking at the Trinity Church with two other science authors and former WBUR host, Christopher Lyden. I found Stephen Greenblatt's portion of the talk perhaps the most interesting, though they all were excellent. (We bought all of the authors' books.) I started reading \\"Swerve\\" simultaneously with \\"Absolute Monarchs\\" which I had picked up somewhere (Borders' closings?) by John Julius Norwich.  What the books expose to me is my own ignorance of European history. I have a text book beside me as I read and use my son (European History buff) to help me plod through, but I suspect my ignorance keeps me from fully appreciating both books, though I think the \\"Monarchs\\" book requires more of its reader historically than the \\"Swerve\\" book. Thus I've begun to abandon \\"Monarchs\\" and have spent my reading time to finish \\"Swerve\\".   I think the book would have been easier to digest if it were written as historical fiction. There is much of the book that is conjecture as it is. That isn't to say that it isn't well researched--I wondered how Greenblatt got all the facts he did--but because so much information has vanished through time, I sense the book is a bit stretched. (I found this too to be true of the book, \\"A Perfect Storm.\\" These are very different books of course, but both authors struggle to make a compelling narrative with shallow facts and you can feel that stretch as you read.)   There are great descriptions of scenes in the book where its protagonist, Poggio, comes to life for us. But large swaths dip into lid lowering details that seem to have little purpose other than filler. I also got the sense that the author was not quite going after his point--maybe fearing his own \\"burning at the stake\\" as it were--protecting his own academic and professional life. Fiction can let you do that while still not abandoning your true point.   I think he wanted to appear objective in a kind of towered, academic way. He's not. He thinks the church did some real damage to the progress of history and that we all should be thankful to this Poggio for having unleashed upon the earth an ancient poem that seems to much more accurately describe \\"the nature of things\\" than the fire and brimstone interpretation of Jesus worship, which continues to retard our development today.      I think he would have been much more successful at making that point with historical fiction. He obviously did the research and has the talent to write a good story. Maybe, when he can afford to be a little less academic and trusts his imagination, he will.
B003Z39G0O|3.0|I enjoyed the CD, but there were some songs that were not so good. Overall good CD. I would advise listening to it twice.
1451627289|5.0|This book was phenomenal!  It kept me on the edge of my seat for the entire long haul (849 pages), not knowing where the story might end-up.  You become attached to all the main characters and really care about them.  Notwithstanding the length of the book, King does not get bogged down in a lot of extraneous and unnecessary detail.  You will love it!
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Best CD that I have bought in a long time. Perfect. I love my CD. Great quality and affordable. shipment was fast and exact.
B005NQ5LQ4|5.0|The lead actor is Dennis To, viewers of Ip Man 2 will recognise him, sans the mustache, as Sammo Hung's student that fought with Ip Man's student in the alleyway using Hung Gar techniques.
1419702238|5.0|My granddaughter loves all the Wimppy Kid books and I know she will love this one as well.  It'll make a wonderful Christmas gift for her.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|I really like the case.  It is light and adds almost no bulk to the kindle Fire, but provides good protection for everyday scrapes and and bumps.  It fits perfectly and holds the Kindle fire securely in place.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I love this game so much! it's a great passtime and great mind skill builder :) you wont be disappointed with this app at all! you would have to be crazy to! lol
143350393X|5.0|This is a nice bible. I wish it were red letter but it is not. It has extensive notes, references and such. But I'd love a red-letter version.
B0056C6XIA|4.0|I ordered this from Amazon when it was on sale for 52.95. I got 2 of these things, one for me and the other for the girlfriend to keep in our cars. First off the multi tool is ok, not great but better than some of the cheaper ones on the market, it seems to work ok for what it is. The firesteel is also not that bad, it's bigger than the one that comes with the Ultimate knife, it makes sparks. And the flashlight is not that bad considering its a single LED one AAA light. Mine runs for a bit over 4 hours on a super cheap battery.   All in all the whole kit was OK for what I paid for it. I'm glad I got them, but I'm really glad I got them for alot less than 80 bucks. By far the best part is having those things in one holster. That's why I actually got it.
B003Y5H5FG|5.0|Someone must have said \\"Let's make a smart film about the illusion of security in the 21st century, with vampires and 3D arterial bloodspray\\" and this Fright Night was born.  Only loosely based on the 30-year-old original, which I imagine is the problem some other reviewers had with it, it invests a fair bit of effort in social critique, a certain amount of attention to its precursors in the vampire genre, and possibly not enough thought in vamp makeup design.  Although, however piranha-faced, this vamp has no angst at all and actually eats people, which is a plus in my book.    The film is worth watching twice, once for the plot and the jump scares, and once for the subtle visual satire--some of the references are so upstaged by the action the penny doesn't drop the first time. (Kudos to Marti Noxon, of Buffy fame, for a script that is just as good, if a lot less quippy, as the Sunnydale adventures.) The pacing is good and the acting is solid in that ensemble-y kind of way; the lighting is a bit dark and the vampire-ember effect is a little cheesy. The film is neither high camp nor retro, so if you are looking for that true 80s experience go watch \\"Lost Boys\\" or the original \\"Fright Night.\\" It is, however, an intelligent vampire flick, and when was the last time you saw one of those?
B003PPDBQ2|4.0|When her much loved sister Jess is found dead, Beatrice finds she cannot accept the official verdict of suicide. So without the help of the police, she sets out to find out what really happened.<br /><br />There is much in this book to enjoy. It is well written and well plotted with a range of possible suspects and motives. It kept me guessing till near the end. However I found the technique of writing the book as if it were a letter from Beatrice to her dead sister grated after a while. Jess came over as unnaturally sweet and good - loved by all she met, while Beatrice's constant introspection and unfavourable comparison of herself with her sister was a bit cloying. Beatrice's grief was relentless and, because it is told in the first person, unrelieved by any lightness and humour. I admit I found it a struggle to keep reading at points.<br /><br />I think this one is really down to a matter of personal taste. If you like a well written book that follows an emotional journey, then I'm sure you'll enjoy this. But if, like me, you like your crime leavened with humour or fast action you may find this one drags a little. With this reservation, recommended.
B005J6LKVI|5.0|I'm sure I cannot add more to what has already been said in praise of the book and the movie version of Kathryn Stockett's The Help, except perhaps to note that once I met a group of people in a restaurant and the film came up. They brought up Minnie's \\"terrible awful\\" incident and I asked, \\"Haven't you just wished that once you could do that to someone, sometime?\\" The reaction was unanimous amid riotous laughter.<br /><br />The Help takes place in 1963 -- the same as season two of Mad Men -- but this is set in the deep south, as the civil rights movement was gaining national notice, violence was on the rise> And while some thought the injustices would never end, others were either unaware of them or looked the other way.<br /><br />Emma Stone, as Skeeter, discovers far more than she really thought about. It simply wasn't discussed. When she embarks what seems to be a simple story idea, it grows to a living, breathing work that attacks the social and political abyss to a more personal, more identifiable level. Not only are the two ladies who are her narrativer touchstones (played to Oscar perfection by Octavia Spencer and Viola Davis) real \\"iron chefs\\" in courage, endurance and moral integrity, they're people with faults, wounds and talent. And a sense of humor -- perhaps the best survival tool of all.<br /><br />While the institutionalization of bigotry depicted in The Help is a experience too heinous to be understood fully except by those who suffered through it, most of us at some time has been wronged by a boss, a co-worker, teacher, parent or any person who held sway over our fate (or made us feel that they held sway). You can't help root for Abileen and Minnie, as well as cheer when the most loathsome character (played to the glorious hilt by Bryce Dallas Howard) is taken down more than a few notches.<br /><br />To me, The Help is also a story about the power of the written word. Yes, it's a movie, and the visuals are superb, but Skeeter's book is the catalyst that finally sets so much in motion. While we now live in an age of high tech and endless visuals, words can still change history, especially when those words bring issues to the personal attention of those who might be otherwise unaware of them.<br /><br />There is no audio commentary on the discs, which is unfortunate, but the behind the scenes featurette is among the best of its kind.  The Help is the work of mutual friends who somehow were allowed to create this great work together despite the obstacles of the publishing and film businesses. I have never heard of a similar story quite like it.<br /><br />The Help -- and the story behind The Help -- are never to be forgotten.ile we now live in an age of high tech and endless visuals, words can still change history, especially when those words bring issues to the personal attention of those who might be otherwise unaware of them.  There is no audio commentary on the discs, which is unfortunate, but the behind the scenes featurette is among the best of its kind.  The Help is the work of mutual friends who somehow were allowed to create this great work together despite the obstacles of the publishing and film businesses. I have never heard of a similar story quite like it.  The Help -- and the story behind The Help -- are never to be forgotten.
B0050DZN4K|4.0|I enjoy the presentation, images and ease of use. I wish the topics could be tailored more--I have no use for the wedding section.
B00008G9JM|5.0|Along with Genesis's Lamb, this is one album I regret to not having seen performed live. I purchased the LP in 1976, 3 years after its release. I hated it at first. I was only 16 at the time. Over time, A.P.P grew on me to become likely my favorite Tull album. I enjoy the unique sound, the claghorn (invented by Tull), Martin's great guitar, John's delicate piano, and Ian's superb vocals (arguably his best). I have always enjoyed music containing time changes ... ie. Gabriel era Genesis, King Crimson, Tull, ELP. A Passion Play is the ultimate in time changes along with Thick as a Brick. I never even minded The Story of the Hare Who Lost his SPECTACLES <sniff>. :-D  I have always found it a rather amusing sort of British humor. I can understand why many have shown disdain toward A Passion Play. As I said, I hated it at first. Anyway ... 5 stars from me. Thanks Ian for all you have given us!
0062502182|5.0|This is a simply written (and read) fable that drives at some deeper points in life when it comes to considering chasing ones' dreams.
0307463745|5.0|After a lifetime spent in endless review meetings, status meetings, so called brainstorm sessions and presentations to risk averse clients this book really hit a nerve. It appears I was right all along. Thank you 37-Signals for helping me realise that by treading my own path I am doing what is right, not what other people say is right.
B004SBS8LA|4.0|Good graphics , like the way it stays close to the movie set and characters , lot's of levels ( some hard ) a fun , challenging game for passing time , without going thru alot of set up time .
B005XOPEOU|4.0|I have never really been a Coldplay fan. I just never bought into their style of music until a friend introduced me to \\"Paradise.\\" I fell in love before the song was even over. I bought the CD and listened to it, start to finish, and the variety of music on this CD is tremendous. There are catchy, upbeat songs such as \\"Paradise\\" and \\"China Princess,\\" and then there are slower, more haunting songs, such as \\"Every Teardrop is a Waterfall.\\" I have to admit, I don't love all of the songs, but I can still listen to the entire CD while I drive to work in the morning. It's melodic and soothing and very easy to listen to. Unfortunately it's hard for me to say whether fans of Coldplay's earlier albums will enjoy this one, but I would wager to say it's worth listening to. :)
B005OLF6BI|5.0|this changed what I've thought about Taylor's voice in a live show, she sung almost perfect most of the songs. This album is worth the price and it's enjoyable. (Even more amazing if you have good speakers system and a large TV screen). For those who still thinking if you should buy it or not, BUY IT, I'm sure you will love it!!!!
0571283578|3.0|As other reviewers have noted about their own perspective, I am a fan of both these authors. With Ms. James, I thought she might be the one writer who can really fulfill the longing Austen-ites have for more. Alas. Ms. James lets herself and her fans down. She narrates a tale without passion or insight. Not until the very end do Elizabeth and Darcy even have a conversation, at least one we are privy to. The other characters, for the most part, are one dimensional and dull. As with other tries at a Pride & Prejudice sequel the only time the book comes alive is in a repetition of an actual line that Jane Austen wrote herself.   Sadly disappointing.
B000FC0SIM|5.0|I loved reading this book!  It cuts through a lot of the high browed, academic drivel.  I will read it again when stuck.
B004ZBFRTY|4.0|It has been ten years since \\"Donnie Darko\\" appeared in theaters and in within those ten years, fans of the film, people who watched and have appreciated the film continue to watch it over and over  and many still give their interpretations of what they think \\"Donnie Darko\\" is all about.  Many who have had differing opinions of the film especially with the release of the Director's Cut version of the film.<br /><br />But \\"Donne Darko\\" has a pretty considerable following and yes, has achieved cult status.<br /><br />Not surprising as \\"Donnie Darko\\" is one of those films that tends to mix reality, non-reality, time-travel and possibly a parallel universe to give a surreal film that people need to watch this film more than once.  And sure enough, with each viewing of the film, people tend to find certain things that they have never seen before.  And I have to agree because each time I watch this film, I always discover something different, something new.<br /><br />So, what is \\"Donnie Darko\\"?<br /><br />\\"Donnie Darko\\" is a film written and directed by Richard Kelly (\\"Domino\\", \\"The Box\\", \\"Southland Tales\\") and while it was not successful in the box office (the film was budgeted at $4.5 million and took home $4.1 million), the film has done much better in home video release.<br /><br />In 2002, a DVD for the film was released.  Followed by the \\"Donnie Darko: The Director's Cut\\" 2004 DVD featuring 21 additional minutes of extra footage and new special features and in 2009, \\"Donnie Darko\\" was released on Blu-ray with both the Director's Cut and theatrical version of the film.<br /><br />And here we are with a 2011 Blu-ray release titled \\"Donnie Darko: 10th Anniversary Edition\\".  While pretty much the same release as what was released back in 2009, this edition includes the Blu-ray with both theatrical and Director's Cut release and the special features DVD from the popular 2005 Deluxe Edition release but also includes the original 2002 DVD that came with special features (which were not included on the Deluxe Edition or the 2009 Blu-ray release) and a digital copy of the film.<br /><br />VIDEO:<br /><br />\\"Donnie Darko: 10th Anniversary Edition\\" is the same Blu-ray release from 2009.  Presented in 1080p High Definition (2:#5:1 aspect ratio), the picture quality is quite soft.  The film is not actually vibrant but there is clarity over the previous DVD release.  There is a good amount of grain and black levels are good.  But maybe its the original film elements but I did notice a good amount of noise as well.<br /><br />Overall, \\"Donnie Darko\\" (theatrical or Director's Cut) has good PQ and while not as vibrant or very detailed compared to modern releases on Blu-ray, the PQ for the film is good.<br /><br />AUDIO & SUBTITLES:<br /><br />\\"Donnie Darko: 10th Anniversary Edition\\" is presented in English 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio.  While dialogue and music is what comprises this film's lossless soundtrack, there are times where you hear immersive sound.  From the fall of the airplane engine on Donnie's bedroom, the sound of the worlmhole, the brooding sound of Frank or the sound of 80's music from Echo and the Bunnymen, Tears for Fears or INXS, the audio quality for the film is good but don't expect full immersion via the surround channels.  The film is primarily central and front channel driven!<br /><br />Subtitles are in English, English SDH, Spanish and French.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />\\"Donnie Darko: 10th Anniversary Edition\\" comes with the following special features:<br /><br />Blu-ray:<br /><br />  Audio Commentary with Writer/Director Richard Kelly and Director Kevin Smith (Director's Cut) - Actually, a very enjoyable commentary to hear these two filmmakers discuss the film.  And also discussing the differences between both the Director's Cut and theatrical version.<br />  Audio Commentary with Cast and Crew (Theatrical Version)<br />  Commentary with Richard Kelly and Actor Jake Gyllenhaal (Theatrical Version)<br /><br />DVD DISC TWO:<br /><br />  Production Diary - (52:54) Featuring behind-the-scenes footage with optional commentary by director of photography Steven Poster<br />  They Made Me Do It - The Cult of Donnie Darko - (28:05) A featurette on how \\"Donnie Darko\\" achieved cult status.<br />  #1 Fan: A Darkomentary - (13:18) The winner of the donniedarko.com #1 fan contest.<br />  Storyboard to Screen  - (7:58) A splitscreen comparison of the storyboards and the actual final cut.<br />  Director's Cut Theatrical Trailer (1:02) The original theatrical trailer to \\"Donnie Darko\\".<br /><br />DVD DISC THREE:<br /><br />  Theatrical Trailer/TV Spots - Featuring theatrical trailer, TV Spot - Sacrifice, TV Spot - Darker, TV Spot - ERA, TV Spot - CAST And TV Spot - DARK.<br />  Cast and Crew Information - Text based filmography information on the cast and crew.<br />  Deleted/Extended Scenes with Optional Commentary - Featuring a total of 20 deleted/extended scenes with optional commentary.<br />  Mad World Music Video - (3:21) \\"Mad World\\" performed by Gary Jules and directed by Richard Kelly.<br />  Donnie Darko Website Gallery - Images from the website.<br />  The Soundtrack - Liner notes on the \\"Donnie Darko\\" original soundtrack.<br />  \\"Cunning Visions\\" Infomercials - Featuring infomercials  (5:41) with optional commentary by Cunning Visions CEO Linda Connie and Director Fabian Van Patten, His Name is Frank and Book Covers.<br />  Art Gallery - Featuring production stills and concept art.<br />  The Philosophy of Time Travel Book - Featuring pages from \\"The Philosophy of Time Travel\\".<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />\\"Donnie Darko\\" is a film that I don't know if it's even worth explaining because it's a movie that is meant to be seen and watched again.  And even if you do watch the theatrical version or even the Director's Cut, only those willing to rewatch and dissect the film, to piece together the various clues, will find the film to be quite entertaining.<br /><br />For me, I love films that make you think, I love films that have a lasting rewatch value because you tend to have different interpretations of what is going on and what is happening.  What is real?  What is not real?  Are we watching scenes from Donnie's perspective or reality?  Or is it a parallel, alternate timeline?<br /><br />Needless to say, this is not a film that will be easily accessible for those wanting a simple, formulaic storyline.  And to make things even more confusing is the inclusion of the Director's Cut which has scenes that further make the series a bit more confusing and different, that you either will prefer on or the other.<br /><br />Speaking of the Director's Cut, it's essentially almost like you are getting two different films.  The Director's Cut changes a few musical sequences and adds in other sequences that make you wonder why the Director added them but needless to say, the film was complex to begin with and now it's even made a bit more complex with the additional footage.  Especially the addition of the title cards showing the contents of the Philosophy of Time Travel.<br /><br />Personally, when I watched Donnie Darko, I just thought it was sick individual who didn't take his medication and what we are watching are neither reality but a figment of his imagination.  But then again, that would be too easy of an explanation.<br /><br />So, the next time I watched the film, I felt that perhaps there was  deeper meaning and almost what we see with those who have mental issues and end up hurting or murdering people because they have a problem with society, I often wondered because Donnie had so many issues of society, was always a challenge to authority, that perhaps it was his way of trying to free himself from society.  To conjure any thoughts of escaping the reality through time travel and in some way, while a smart individual, it's his inability to fit in that puts various situations in his mind.<br /><br />I often feel that there is also amessage from Kelly that he felt towards society.  Where his sister is a dancer for Sparkle Motion, the parents put too much emphasis on their children to achieve but for the wrong reasons.  We see it at the beginning of the film when Rose is talking to her daughter about Harvard, we see Rose more concerned about Sam's dancing and the parents for the other children are no different.  And I felt that Kelly was trying to demonstrate how messed up society is because of this thinking.  That people are consumed by this culture that there are other things that that should be cared about but no one was willing to make that change.  But it's not just Donnie's parents, it also can be seen with the teacher (played by Drew Barrymore) and other adults where society is literally heading to darkness and decay and perhaps Donnie is the one to fix the world.<br /><br />But that leads me back to the people with mental problems who go on to hurt others.  In their head, they are also thinking they are trying to make the world a better place when in fact, no one sees them like that.  More like a cancer to society... the same can be seen with Donnie Darko, hero for a new generation or a cancer to society?<br /><br />Last but not least, there is almost a lax of parental authority. Children are free to cuss on the table, the father just laughs.  Donnie tells a teacher to shove something up her butt and his father just laughs.  And as for Frank, the demonic rabbit, this is Donnie's figment of his own imagination.  Think of it as the devil and angel on one's shoulders, telling them what to do and not do.  Well, remove that angel out of the equation and substitute that devil for a demonic rabbit.  The rabbit is the yearning of Donnie to be destructive because afterall, who will really care?<br /><br />And the irony of it all, is that destruction is going to happen but yet, Donnie seems to have found love during destruction and to see that love taken away.<br /><br />Of course, I have had several interpretations of this film over the last ten years.  It's an artistic expression that reminds me of a Picasso painting where you can see a painting that looks so off, so dark and bleak, but someone else can see it as light, vibrant and unique.  Donnie Darko is a film that is not mean to be understood 100%.  It's mean for the viewer to take what they got from the film and interpret it their way.  Some may find it complex, some may find it as a simply love story.  Some may find it as a film of sacrifice.  It's all subjective to the viewer.<br /><br />As for the Blu-ray release, unfortunately there is not much new aside from the downloadable digital copy that is included with this 10th anniversary of Blu-ray and the inclusion of the original 2002 DVD release.  Those hoping for a remaster or newer restoration are not going to find any changes from the 2009 Blu-ray release. But for those who have not purchased the 2009 edition on Blu-ray, then by all means, definitely give \\"Donnie Darko: 10th Anniversary Edition\\" a chance!  It's definitely worth checking out if you are open to creative, artistic and a different style of film.<br /><br />I have heard cinema fans who talk about how they disliked the film at first but now consider it a masterpiece.  I've read people who love intellectual films to surreal films but couldn't get into \\"Donnie Darko\\".  Suffice to say, people do have an opinion of it.  There is no doubt that \\"Donnie Darko\\" Is definitely a different kind of film and possibly one that didn't do well in the box office because of its unusual nature.  But to see how this film has grown its fanbase in the last decade is quite intriguing!<br /><br />Regardless of how my interpretation or others interpretation of the film may be.  Positive or negative...really, it doesn't matter because this is not your average film where one can watch once and give a definitive answer.  It's a film that requires multiple viewings and because of that, it either may peak your interest or turn you off.<br /><br />\\"Donnie Darko\\" is meant to be experienced and re-interpreted.  It's a film that is thought-provoking, intriguing and surreal but at the same time, I can easily say that it may not be accessible for the general public and it may not be for you.  But if you are into artistic expression of cinema, then \\"Donnie Darko: 10th Anniversary Edition\\" is worth watching!<br /><br />Definitely recommended for the cineaste!parents for the other children are no different.  And I felt that Kelly was trying to demonstrate how messed up society is because of this thinking.  That people are consumed by this culture that there are other things that that should be cared about but no one was willing to make that change.  But it's not just Donnie's parents, it also can be seen with the teacher (played by Drew Barrymore) and other adults where society is literally heading to darkness and decay and perhaps Donnie is the one to fix the world.  But that leads me back to the people with mental problems who go on to hurt others.  In their head, they are also thinking they are trying to make the world a better place when in fact, no one sees them like that.  More like a cancer to society... the same can be seen with Donnie Darko, hero for a new generation or a cancer to society?  Last but not least, there is almost a lax of parental authority. Children are free to cuss on the table, the father just laughs.  Donnie tells a teacher to shove something up her butt and his father just laughs.  And as for Frank, the demonic rabbit, this is Donnie's figment of his own imagination.  Think of it as the devil and angel on one's shoulders, telling them what to do and not do.  Well, remove that angel out of the equation and substitute that devil for a demonic rabbit.  The rabbit is the yearning of Donnie to be destructive because afterall, who will really care?  And the irony of it all, is that destruction is going to happen but yet, Donnie seems to have found love during destruction and to see that love taken away.  Of course, I have had several interpretations of this film over the last ten years.  It's an artistic expression that reminds me of a Picasso painting where you can see a painting that looks so off, so dark and bleak, but someone else can see it as light, vibrant and unique.  Donnie Darko is a film that is not mean to be understood 100%.  It's mean for the viewer to take what they got from the filmand interpret it their way.  Some may find it complex, some may find it as a simply love story.  Some may find it as a film of sacrifice.  It's all subjective to the viewer.  As for the Blu-ray release, unfortunately there is not much new aside from the downloadable digital copy that is included with this 10th anniversary of Blu-ray and the inclusion of the original 2002 DVD release.  Those hoping for a remaster or newer restoration are not going to find any changes from the 2009 Blu-ray release. But for those who have not purchased the 2009 edition on Blu-ray, then by all means, definitely give \\"Donnie Darko: 10th Anniversary Edition\\" a chance!  It's definitely worth checking out if you are open to creative, artistic and a different style of film.  I have heard cinema fans who talk about how they disliked the film at first but now consider it a masterpiece.  I've read people who love intellectual films to surreal films but couldn't get into \\"Donnie Darko\\".  Suffice to say, people do have an opinion of it.  There is no doubt that \\"Donnie Darko\\" Is definitely a different kind of film and possibly one that didn't do well in the box office because of its unusual nature.  But to see how this film has grown its fanbase in the last decade is quite intriguing!  Regardless of how my interpretation or others interpretation of the film may be.  Positive or negative...really, it doesn't matter because this is not your average film where one can watch once and give a definitive answer.  It's a film that requires multiple viewings and because of that, it either may peak your interest or turn you off.  \\"Donnie Darko\\" is meant to be experienced and re-interpreted.  It's a film that is thought-provoking, intriguing and surreal but at the same time, I can easily say that it may not be accessible for the general public and it may not be for you.  But if you are into artistic expression of cinema, then \\"Donnie Darko: 10th Anniversary Edition\\" is worth watching!  Definitely recommendedfor the cineaste!
B004EPYZSK|1.0|Positives:  The storyline was novel and had potential, but ...   The CGI at times was fairly good.   The acting by Daniel Craig carried the rest of the acting.   Negatives:  To take this novel idea and then script and direct it into a stereotypically and heavily borrowed \\"aliens invade\\" plot and scenes was sad to see.   Aliens: Alien shape is unlikely since living organisms put energy into developing either intelligence or large physicality - not both. Also, not physically possible strange appendages that either had a structural material (like bone) and little connective material or were all connective and little structural. The aliens had that stereotypic and borrowed gray look of menacing claws, teeth, extra appendages and run and jump like Cheetahs - sure! So I wonder what our carnivore aliens ate on the way over? \\"Burgers in Space!\\" take out. Usual alien baby growing pods to be blown up later. The people who make these things up must have never graduated from high school and want to de-educate the viewing public down to their level.   Space Ship: Typical vehicle which defies the laws of physics in mass, size, material, external decoration and worst of all still used chemical propulsion which incidentally would take the equivalent of the Earth's mass as energy to propel and take 50,000 years from any reasonably nearby star. How it buried itself two thirds into the earth invoked incredulity. Looks good, though.   Robot mini space ships: Like the aliens had another familiar look - flying dragonflies that somehow could carry a 400meters of cable and lasso people to haul them in with no ill physical effects on the captives.   Cowboys & Natives: Bar fights, street duels and Natives acting like a '50s western hostile all add up to the worst collection of stereotyped characterizations seen since aliens became the popular bad-ass also around the '50s.   Plot: Aliens came all this way to find gold! First of all, they could find it a whole lot easier by just collecting itin the dust of interstellar space or asteroids. Second, they could have found most of it at banks, especially on the East Coast, and not in a desert. Never was explained why gold was the goal. Too many inconsistencies in the plot such as fighting the aliens in the open next to the armed space craft and not force them to chase up steep canyon walls where the advantage is always to the higher positioned. What the alien girl really looked like as well as her story - as abrupt as it was. She certainly took the correct form to sell a film. The alien examination of people had the usual 18th century look with, the standard Hollywood effect - laser scalpels. The reason given was to explore for weaknesses. Must not be very bright if they needed so many to cut open. Anyway, why aliens with that technology would need to worry about human weaknesses is beyond logic.      Summary: The translation of the comic book idea into a movie script was too quickly and poorly executed and too reliant on directors and effects people stuck in the same old, but admittedly still sells, rut. Whatever happened to thoughtful research into the fundamentals of science in scifi and then thinking out of the box?
B005NQ5LSC|3.0|There is no denying that the legend of martial arts teacher Yip Man (also known as the man who taught Wing Chun to Bruce Lee) have been a financial success in Asia.<br /><br />With the popularity of the first two \\"Ip Man\\" films starring Donnie Yen, there have been big questions on how to continue the Ip Man stories, especially with Donnie Yen not wanting to do anymore Ip Man films.  The solution, focus on a prequel while Ip Man was young or focus in the future when he is much older.<br /><br />And in 2010, Director Herman Yau (\\"All's Well Ends Well 2010', \\"The Eight Immortals Restaurant: The Untold Story\\") and screenwriter Erica Lee (\\"King of Comedy\\", \\"Only Fools Fall in Love\\") decided to do the former with their film \\"The Legend is Born: Ip Man\\".<br /><br />While not an officially related to the first two films, Yau did cast Dennis To who looks like a younger Donnie Yen, while also casting Sammo Hung and Fan Siu-wong who both appeared in the previous Donnie Yen \\"Ip Man\\" films.  But perhaps the biggest draw was the casting of Ip Chun, the actual son of Ip Man, who plays the role as Leung Bik (the man who would teach Ip Man a new style of Wing Chun).<br /><br />While the film does take liberties by creating fictional stories around the true story of Ip Man's actual martial arts training when he was younger, the addition of half-brother and also Japanese antagonists continues the trend of foreign invaders vs. Ip Man.<br /><br />VIDEO:<br /><br />\\"The Legend is Born: Ip Man\\" is presented in 1080p High Definition (2:35:1) and the film is intentionally saturated and warm in the beginning but later becomes fully detailed and colors are vibrant.  There is very good clarity and detail on clothing and wooden objects, doors and fences.  You can see the detail on the album that Wing-shing is carrying as each line around the album is visible.  While closeups do not show skin pores or that much detail, primarily detail is scene on clothing and objects.  I didn't notice any banding issues or artifacts.  Overall, skintones are natural, black levels are very good and picture quality is great!<br /><br />AUDIO & SUBTITLES:<br /><br />\\"The Legend is Born: Ip Man\\" is presented in Cantonese and English Dolby TrueHD 5.1 and is presented with English subtitles. As all Asian films that I watch, I prefer not to watch the English dub track but for those who prefer it, there is an English dub track included and the fact that FUNimation is well-known for their voice actors that they hire, I would think that fans of these English voice actors should have no problem with them.<br /><br />I will say that the lossless audio track was not as immersive as I would have liked.  But while there are plenty of action sequences in this film, it's not like the previous \\"Ip Man\\" films which tend to sound more immersive.  The action sequences do sound good and are effective during the action sequences but these moments are not as long as I would have hoped.<br /><br />But overall, the the lossless audio track features crystal clear dialogue, music and action sequences when it is featured onscreen.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES<br /><br />\\"The Legend is Born: Ip Many\\" comes with the following special features:<br /><br />  Making of - (13:21) Behind the scenes footage and interviews with the cast.<br />  Theatrical Trailer - (1:58) The original theatrical trailers for \\"The Legend is Born: Ip Man\\".<br /><br />EXTRAS:<br />\\"The Legend is Born: Ip Man\\" comes with a DVD version of the film.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />I loved Donnie Yen's first \\"Ip Man\\" film, the second was OK and despite this film not being related to the other two and is more about Ip Man's earlier life, I would have to say that this film is primarily a popcorn action film.<br /><br />There are lot of liberties taken with Ip Man's life and unless you do the research, some people may think he actually had a half-brother and that what they are seeing onscreen is biographical.  But the truth is thatthere are fictional moments that are presented around Ip Man's non-fictional life as a young man learning Wing Chun, that I often wonder how he would feel if he was alive today and see how writers really distorted his life for the sake of entertainment.<br /><br />Granted, the film does feature Ip Man's son, Ip Chun which was great!  And I can only hope that the estate of Ip Man are getting paid well with all these \\"Ip Man\\" related stories and I don't think that there will be an end to these stories anytime soon.  They make money and people all over the world love the martial arts action that comes along with these films.<br /><br />But while I did enjoy \\"The Legend is Born: Ip Man\\", as a guy who loves to research the lives of these individuals that these movies are based on.  I now wonder how much of what is featured in this film is actually truth.  We know that Ip Man studied under Chan Wah-shun and when he died, Ng. Chung-sok took over.  It is documented that he studied in Hong Kong and learned alternate forms of Wing Chun from Leung Bik.<br /><br />But other than that, we know that he had a brother but not this half-brother that was featured in the film.  Was there a real Mei Wai?  Did Ip Man meet his wife at a market?  To tell you the truth, I'm not sure what is fiction and what is non-fiction in this film aside from the training from his two masters.<br /><br />And personally, I just hope there is not a constant number of films that are released and continue to distort the true story of his life.  If anything, I hope that people are smart enough to know that \\"The Legend is Born: Ip Man\\" is completely accurate.<br /><br />Outside of that, I will say that the casting of Dennis To is fantastic.  I know the director has made it clear that this film is not a prequel to the previous two films but I have to admit, Dennis To looks like a younger version of Donnie Yen.  And for anyone watching this film, they will think that this film is an actual prequel to the other two films because of that.  Also, casting Sammo Hung and Fan Siu-wong who starred in the Donnie Yen \\"Ip Man\\" films also makes things a bit interesting.<br /><br />As for the Blu-ray release, you get the making of and trailers.  Picture quality is very good and the lossless soundtrack is also very good but not too immersive.<br /><br />Overall, \\"The Legend is Born: Ip Man\\" is an entertaining popcorn action, martial arts film but it's also another film that distorts the life of the actual man.  Throwing in a fight against Japanese dressed as ninjas is becoming a bit too farfetched and more Shaw Brothers-like than any other \\"Ip Man\\" film before it. But I do understand that as long as these \\"Ip Man\\" films continue to be made, it does well in the box office.<br /><br />\\"The Legend is Born: Ip Man\\" continues the action but showcases Ip Man during the time of his earlier teenage years.  If you are looking for a martial arts film to sit back and enjoy without wanting to learn about the actual history of the man who taught Bruce Lee, then definitely give this film a try!nd see how writers really distorted his life for the sake of entertainment.  Granted, the film does feature Ip Man's son, Ip Chun which was great!  And I can only hope that the estate of Ip Man are getting paid well with all these \\"Ip Man\\" related stories and I don't think that there will be an end to these stories anytime soon.  They make money and people all over the world love the martial arts action that comes along with these films.  But while I did enjoy \\"The Legend is Born: Ip Man\\", as a guy who loves to research the lives of these individuals that these movies are based on.  I now wonder how much of what is featured in this film is actually truth.  We know that Ip Man studied under Chan Wah-shun and when he died, Ng. Chung-sok took over.  It is documented that he studied in Hong Kong and learned alternate forms of Wing Chun from Leung Bik.  But other than that, we know that he had a brother but not this half-brother that was featured in the film.  Was there a real Mei Wai?  Did Ip Man meet his wife at a market?  To tell you the truth, I'm not sure what is fiction and what is non-fiction in this film aside from the training from his two masters.  And personally, I just hope there is not a constant number of films that are released and continue to distort the true story of his life.  If anything, I hope that people are smart enough to know that \\"The Legend is Born: Ip Man\\" is completely accurate.  Outside of that, I will say that the casting of Dennis To is fantastic.  I know the director has made it clear that this film is not a prequel to the previous two films but I have to admit, Dennis To looks like a younger version of Donnie Yen.  And for anyone watching this film, they will think that this film is an actual prequel to the other two films because of that.  Also, casting Sammo Hung and Fan Siu-wong who starred in the Donnie Yen \\"Ip Man\\" films also makes things a bit interesting.  As for the Blu-ray release, you get the making of and trailers.  Picture quality is very good and the lossless soundtrack is also very good but not too immersive.  Overall, \\"The Legend is Born: Ip Man\\" is an entertaining popcorn action, martial arts film but it's also another film that distorts the life of the actual man.  Throwing in a fight against Japanese dressed as ninjas is becoming a bit too farfetched and more Shaw Brothers-like than any other \\"Ip Man\\" film before it. But I do understand that as long as these \\"Ip Man\\" films continue to be made, it does well in the box office.  \\"The Legend is Born: Ip Man\\" continues the action but showcases Ip Man during the time of his earlier teenage years.  If you are looking for a martial arts film to sit back and enjoy without wanting to learn about the actual history of the man who taught Bruce Lee, then definitely give this film a try!
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|I have purchased all 8 seasons of \\"24\\" and love them all.  I have passed them around and we now have a \\"24\\" Club made up of all ages from a mature 13 yr old girl to a gentleman in his 80s!!  I don't usually re-watch or re-read books, but I had to make an exception to my own rule! (I did that for all of Vince Flynn's books as well, all available at Amazon.) Can't wait for a \\"24\\" movie, hopefully Jack Bauer will be played only by Keifer Sutherland - if his body can stand the stress over again!  Oh, yes, and Mary Lynn Rajskub as Chloe!
B005HV6Y5W|5.0|The Tree of Life\\" for me was more than just a film, it was an experience.  I shed a tear and I appreciated the film because it was visually beautiful and cinematically deep and resonated strongly within me. What a wonderful, profound and beautiful film! Thank you Terrence Malick!<br /><br />From creating wonderful films such as \\"Badlands\\", \\"Days of Heaven\\", \\"The Thin Red Line\\" and \\"The New World\\", Terrence took on experimental elements in his 2011 drama, \\"The Tree of Life\\".<br /><br />Loved by film critics and hardcore cineaste and shunned by the average movie-goer, \\"The Tree of Life\\" is one of those films that you are either going to love or you are going to hate as indicated by many reviews and opinions on the Internet.<br /><br />VIDEO:<br /><br />\\"The Tree of Life\\" is presented in 1080p High Definition (widescreen 1:85:1).  The film is absolutely gorgeous!<br /><br />The cinematography by Emmanuel Lubezki (\\"Sleepy Hollow\\", \\"Children of Men\\", \\"Burn After Reading\\") is magnificent.  The various cuts of family, city, architecture, past, present, the afterlife,  life in balance with the CG elements of the film, there are so many cuts of this film and Lubezki and the many editors who took part in this film should be applauded.<br /><br />I know that this is the biggest contention that many viewers had, to be taken out of the story and having to watch the beginning of life in the universe, our galaxy and of course the comparisons to a film such as \\"2001: A Space Odyssey\\".  But I do want to emphasize that \\"2001' and \\"Tree of Life\\" are nothing similar.<br /><br />There is a message within the film, but its subjective of how one identifies with the film and how they interpret those scenes.  Because the CG elements may take people out of the film and lose them, I'm sure those viewers will be disappointed but for those who are able to enjoy those elements, will find how the inclusion of Malick's experimenting makes this film quite profound, visually and emotionally.<br /><br />Look at the cinematography and these elements of the film as a form of art, a painting or poetry, existential thoughts, nothing more, nothing less.<br /><br />As for the picture quality, I was amazed by how vibrant this film looks on Blu-ray and in HD.  There are so many shots utilized for this film, many colors. Even during scenes with a lot of reds where you think there is a chance of banding, none whatsoever.  No artifacts, no sign of DNR, black levels were nice and deep, detail incredibly high and everything was crisp.  Videophiles will be pleased with how breathtaking this film looks on Blu!<br /><br />But for the most part, \\"The Tree of Life\\" is a visual masterpiece!<br /><br />AUDIO & SUBTITLES:<br /><br />\\"The Tree of Life\\" is presented in English 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio and English 2.0 Dolby Digital.<br /><br />When you see right at the beginning of the film that the creators of this film want you to watch this loud, you know you are in for a treat!  The lossless soundtrack for \\"The Tree of Life\\" is immersive!<br /><br />From the earlier scenes when Mrs. O'Brien opens the door to receive the telegram and then Mr. O'Brien receiving the phone call of his son's death and hearing that jet's engine and propellers envelop the soundscape, I knew that I was in for a treat.<br /><br />During the musical moments featuring Alexandre Desplat's music, may it be operatic or orchestral, music envelops the soundspace as all channels are being utilized.  During the narration moments, the dialogue is crisp and clear as audio is carefully selected and dialogue is heard clearly through the center channels.<br /><br />But once you start watching the birth of life, the creation of the universe and planet, this is where the film shines as you can hear the lava crashing into each other, during the scenes of water and hearing splashes all around you.  When the planet Earth is created, you can hear the wind and the rustling of the tree leaves, when the dinosaurs are shown, you can hear the booms and the ambiance crisp and clear.<br /><br />And even during the scenes with Jack playing with his brothers and friends and hearing the ambiance of sound all around you was magnificent and if I haven't mentioned it, Alexandre Desplat's music is phenomenal.<br /><br />Audiophiles, \\"The Tree of Life\\" utilizes the 7.1 soundtrack magnificently!  This is one heck of an immersive soundtrack that is magnificent!<br /><br />Subtitles are presented in English SDH and Spanish.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES<br /><br />\\"The Tree of Life\\" comes with the following special features:<br /><br />  Exploring the Tree of Life - (29:56) Producers, cast and filmmakers talk about Terrence Malick's work but also creating something new and different in American cinema.  The making of the film, from casting, production,  set design and more.<br />  Theatrical Trailer - The original theatrical trailer for \\"The Tree of Life\\".<br /><br />EXTRAS:<br />\\"The Tree of Life\\" comes with a slip cover case.  The Blu-ray release comes with the DVD featuring a standard definition version of the film as well as a Digital Copy version of the film.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />\\"Tree of Life\\" is a profound film in which is possibly the first film I would call a masterpiece knowing that so many people either loved or hated it.<br /><br />Filmmaker Terrence Malick has always known how to reach out and touch people through his films and those viewers also having multiple opinions.  But with the \\"Tree of Life\\", it's one of those films where film critics loved it, and when the masses went to watch it, immediately sites such as imDB and other blogs were filled with \\"I don't get it\\", \\"a dull rehash of '2001'\\" and of course alluding to the rave reviews at festivals to the boos at film festivals.<br /><br />Even actor Sean Penn wasn't sure what to make of the film as he told the French publication\\"Le Figaro\\", \\"I didn't at all find on the screen the emotion of the script, which is the most magnificent one that I've ever read. A clearer and more conventional narrative would have helped the film without, in my opinion, lessening its beauty and its impact. Frankly, I'm still trying to figure out what I'm doing there and what I was supposed to add in that context! What's more, Terry himself never managed to explain it to me clearly.\\" (note: translated in English courtesy of the New York Times)<br /><br />But I wonder if the busy Sean Penn is commenting about his actual role on set vs. his role in the film because for me,  it was quite easy to see where his role comes into the film.<br /><br />In fact, I'm quite intrigued to read the various comments from viewers because I often wonder, \\"are we all watching the same film\\" because each comment is so different.  Needless to say, it was a film that led to subjective comments and I'm sure Terence Malick is probably having his own laugh of how people are reacting to the film or possibly doesn't care.<br /><br />He's not the only filmmaker who has created films that went over people's heads.  Fritz Lang's 1927 film \\"Metropolis\\" didn't receive much fanfare, nor did F.W. Murnau's \\"Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans\\" and the list goes on of films considered as a masterpiece today but was not appreciated during its time.<br /><br />But everyone has their own opinion of this film and for me, I absolutely loved \\"Tree of Life\\" and I have to say it was a film that resonated strongly within me.  It's story, its visual elements and even the voiceovers, the words spoken, I was truly touched by them.<br /><br />I was born and raised Catholic, similar to the character of Jack, I was raised with a nurturing mother, while my father was in the military and each time he was home, I grew up thinking it was one of the worst times of my life.  As he grew up from a strict upbringing, at the time, I couldn't understand how life was so miserable at times whenever he returned back home.<br /><br />Miserable in the fact that my mother allowed meto have fun with friends, my father did not.  My mother allowed us to have fun, my father did not.  He was an authoritarian and when we did wrong, we were punished, spanked and I could not understand why my life was like it was when he was around.  Interesting juxtaposition today, where I now have a closer relationship with my father as an adult.<br /><br />But as a child, burning inside me was these conflicted emotions to stand up to my father and his strict rules and those very emotions that we see with young Jack, I was very like him.  And with Mr. O'Brien, I find a lot of myself in him today, wondering about today's world, raising a children in this world and wanting my child to be prepared for this world.  I inherited my father's strictness, his hot temper but also having a nurturing side as my mother as well.  But I often worry that my son will have those feelings that I did as a child towards me. But I know that in life, parenting and the emotions that a child has eventually changes in time.  It's an evolving cycle of life in which people choose their own path, make their own right and wrong decisions.  It's life!<br /><br />And as for Mr. O'Brien and Mrs. O'Brien, I often see the parallels of my own family life and growing older, having seen loved ones, friends who have lost their own children.  Even with me and my wife, also having that dark moment of our lives of something that was not meant to be.<br /><br />This film is about life.  The pain of losing a loved one but knowing life goes on.  It's a long human life of love, pain, suffering...but we move on.  And for the CG elements incorporated into the film which many complained about, my feeling about the experimental use of the CG to show the creation of the world, the planet, the dinosaurs, the asteroid hitting the planet...this planet has seen its fair share of the death of life but also its fair share of the birth of life.<br /><br />Within our own family, we see life and death happen.  For our own demise or someone else's demise, we know it's coming... may it be natural causes or one's decision to live life recklessly, we know death is always around the corner.  We don't dwell on it but we try to make the best out of our lives, especially for our children.<br /><br />But sometimes, while life is good, we are thrown a curve ball.  We live, we move on...and for some, they forget.  But we hope as parents, our children learn from life's lessons, our lessons and hope they are prepared to move on, after our own demise.<br /><br />The conflicts of love, family and life is what embodies this film.  We feel it because we lived it.  Terrence Malick is able to capture it on film but not by traditional means.  Yes, it's a complex film but its a film that asks the question of which path do you take, of grace or nature.  Money or love?  God in your life, or no God in your life?<br /><br />And as for human life, in the context of this world alone...we know we had Dinosaurs before us, were obliterated during a catastrophic event on Earth but yet, life continued.  New life began, humans lived and possibly, we are causing our own catastrophe on our own planet or something else is bound to happen but still, life continues.  Whatever that life may be.<br /><br />I have to say that the casting on Terrence Malick films are typically spot-on and \\"The Tree of Life\\" is no different.  Brad Pitt and Jessica Chastain are absolutely wonderful in their role but the children selected for the film was perfect.  And to find out that it took two years to find the children for the film using 15 casting directors and searching all over Texas to get the right children, it goes to show how meticulous Malick is when it comes to the characters.  In fact, even Jessica Chastain had to undergo many auditions and interactions with Malick before she was hired as the mother.<br /><br />And of course, visually the film is a masterpiece.  There are so many shots that were planned and also unplanned (Malickwould shoot the boys playing around at times they were not shooting to capture that natural element).  There is just so many wonderful things that lend to the film's efficacy.  Wonderful acting, its script but it's visual storytelling and its wonderful music is fantastic.<br /><br />As of this latest review, I have watched this film now five times, because I love it so much!  And while this film has garnered split reviews of those who loved it and disliked it, those who are able to appreciate it for its story, its beauty and its overall message can understand how Malick was once again able to create a masterpiece.  It's a fantastic film!<br /><br />While \\"The Tree of Life\\" may not come with a lot of special features, the Blu-ray looks and sounds fantastic and you also get the DVD and Digital Copy version of the film.  I just feel it's one of those must-buy Blu-ray releases, especially for cineaste who are Malick fans!  This is a fantastic film!<br /><br />From the many shots and how vibrant this film looks via HD to the wonderful lossless and immersive 7.1 lossless soundtrack, especially the awesome music of Alexandre Desplat, just on its picture and audio quality, this film achieves 5-stars.  This is a wonderful Blu-ray release that Malick fans, cineaste especially videophiles and audiophiles can really appreciate!<br /><br />Overall, \\"The Tree of Life\\" is as a straightforward or as complex as one wants it to be.  In fact, I'm confident enough to say that \\"The Tree of Life\\" for me was more than just a film, it was an experience.<br /><br />And if one is able to accomplish that within a film, I know it's a masterpiece.  Thank you Terrence Malick!<br /><br />\\"The Tree of Life\\" is highly recommended!s an adult.  But as a child, burning inside me was these conflicted emotions to stand up to my father and his strict rules and those very emotions that we see with young Jack, I was very like him.  And with Mr. O'Brien, I find a lot of myself in him today, wondering about today's world, raising a children in this world and wanting my child to be prepared for this world.  I inherited my father's strictness, his hot temper but also having a nurturing side as my mother as well.  But I often worry that my son will have those feelings that I did as a child towards me. But I know that in life, parenting and the emotions that a child has eventually changes in time.  It's an evolving cycle of life in which people choose their own path, make their own right and wrong decisions.  It's life!  And as for Mr. O'Brien and Mrs. O'Brien, I often see the parallels of my own family life and growing older, having seen loved ones, friends who have lost their own children.  Even with me and my wife, also having that dark moment of our lives of something that was not meant to be.  This film is about life.  The pain of losing a loved one but knowing life goes on.  It's a long human life of love, pain, suffering...but we move on.  And for the CG elements incorporated into the film which many complained about, my feeling about the experimental use of the CG to show the creation of the world, the planet, the dinosaurs, the asteroid hitting the planet...this planet has seen its fair share of the death of life but also its fair share of the birth of life.  Within our own family, we see life and death happen.  For our own demise or someone else's demise, we know it's coming... may it be natural causes or one's decision to live life recklessly, we know death is always around the corner.  We don't dwell on it but we try to make the best out of our lives, especially for our children.  But sometimes, while life is good, we are thrown a curve ball.  We live, we move on...and for some, they forget.But we hope as parents, our children learn from life's lessons, our lessons and hope they are prepared to move on, after our own demise.  The conflicts of love, family and life is what embodies this film.  We feel it because we lived it.  Terrence Malick is able to capture it on film but not by traditional means.  Yes, it's a complex film but its a film that asks the question of which path do you take, of grace or nature.  Money or love?  God in your life, or no God in your life?  And as for human life, in the context of this world alone...we know we had Dinosaurs before us, were obliterated during a catastrophic event on Earth but yet, life continued.  New life began, humans lived and possibly, we are causing our own catastrophe on our own planet or something else is bound to happen but still, life continues.  Whatever that life may be.  I have to say that the casting on Terrence Malick films are typically spot-on and \\"The Tree of Life\\" is no different.  Brad Pitt and Jessica Chastain are absolutely wonderful in their role but the children selected for the film was perfect.  And to find out that it took two years to find the children for the film using 15 casting directors and searching all over Texas to get the right children, it goes to show how meticulous Malick is when it comes to the characters.  In fact, even Jessica Chastain had to undergo many auditions and interactions with Malick before she was hired as the mother.  And of course, visually the film is a masterpiece.  There are so many shots that were planned and also unplanned (Malick would shoot the boys playing around at times they were not shooting to capture that natural element).  There is just so many wonderful things that lend to the film's efficacy.  Wonderful acting, its script but it's visual storytelling and its wonderful music is fantastic.  As of this latest review, I have watched this film now five times, because I love it so much!  And while this film has garnered split reviews of those wholoved it and disliked it, those who are able to appreciate it for its story, its beauty and its overall message can understand how Malick was once again able to create a masterpiece.  It's a fantastic film!  While \\"The Tree of Life\\" may not come with a lot of special features, the Blu-ray looks and sounds fantastic and you also get the DVD and Digital Copy version of the film.  I just feel it's one of those must-buy Blu-ray releases, especially for cineaste who are Malick fans!  This is a fantastic film!  From the many shots and how vibrant this film looks via HD to the wonderful lossless and immersive 7.1 lossless soundtrack, especially the awesome music of Alexandre Desplat, just on its picture and audio quality, this film achieves 5-stars.  This is a wonderful Blu-ray release that Malick fans, cineaste especially videophiles and audiophiles can really appreciate!  Overall, \\"The Tree of Life\\" is as a straightforward or as complex as one wants it to be.  In fact, I'm confident enough to say that \\"The Tree of Life\\" for me was more than just a film, it was an experience.  And if one is able to accomplish that within a film, I know it's a masterpiece.  Thank you Terrence Malick!  \\"The Tree of Life\\" is highly recommended!
1594744769|5.0|A quick read but well written. The old photos are haunting and beautiful and add so much to the story. The first few chapters are quite scary and had me looking over my shoulder for Hollows for weeks. Stupid, yes. But I digress.... I hope this is the first in a series as the ending leaves plenty of room for a sequel(s).  It's geared towards young adults but I loved every page. I was sure I had the story figured out more than once only to be proven wrong every time. Loved!
B003Y5H5JM|3.0|When it comes to plays and theater, Julie Taymor is well-known in the circle.  Having earned two Tony Awards for directing the stage musical of \\"The Lion King\\" and well-known for her costume design and puppetry for plays such as \\"The Tempest\\", \\"Oedipus Rex\\", \\"The Magic Flute\\" and was also the production consultant and designer for Michael Jackson's \\"This Is It\\" concert show.<br /><br />But when it comes to directing films, Taymor is best known for directing the 1999 film \\"Titus\\" and the 2007 film \\"Across the Universe\\".<br /><br />But in 2010, Taymor returned to her roots, her passion for Shakespeare and to create the film adaptation of the William Shakespeare play \\"The Tempest\\", considered to be the last play that Shakespeare had written alone.  And many consider it to be a play that would incorporate themes from other Shakespearean plays such as romance, comedy, drama and other sources.<br /><br />The 2010 film is loosely based on \\"The Tempest\\" as the lead character Prospera (played by Helen Mirren, \\"Queen\\", \\"Excalibur\\", \\"Calendar Girls\\", \\"National Treasure\\") is played by a woman and not a man (who goes by the name of Prospero). And in the play, Prospero is the Duke of Milan but for this film, Prospera is the wife of the Duke.<br /><br />VIDEO:<br /><br />\\"The Tempest\\" is presented in 1080p High Definition (2:35:1).  And  the film looks absolutely beautiful.  This film also reinforces my belief that nearly every film shot in Hawaii and released on Blu-ray looks magnificent in HD.  The film and the lighting are fantastic.  There is plenty of detail, colors are vibrant and dark when they need to be.<br /><br />But the cinematography by Stuart Dryburgh (\\"Bridget Jone's Diary\\", \\"The Piano\\", \\"Analyze This\\"), visual effects, costume and makeup design for the film is fantastic. In fact, possibly the most impressive part of the film is when Prospera calls upon Ariel in his darkest form.  Excellent scene!  Dryburgh has a lot to work with in terms of capturing the look and feel of the island on camera and there are plenty of breathtaking scenes.<br /><br />I detected no banding, no edge enhancement, no softness.  Picture quality is fantastic!<br /><br />AUDIO & SUBTITLES:<br /><br />\\"The Tempest\\" is presented in English 5.1 DTS-HD MA.  The back cover mentions English and Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital, but it appears to be an error possibly meant for the DVD version.  But audio-wise, the lossless audio is fantastic.  There is quite a bit of action throughout the film from various weather elements, the opening scene alone with the chaos in the seas definitely utilizes the center, front, surround channels and LFE.  The overall ambiance is also well captured in the film and if anything, the lossless audio is nothing short of spectacular.<br /><br />The dialogue is crystal clear and for the most part, audiophiles will find the lossless soundtrack to be quite immersive.<br /><br />Subtitles are in English SDH and Spanish.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />\\"The Tempest\\" comes with the following special features:<br /><br />  Audio Commentary  - Featuring in-depth commentary by Julie Taymor. Julie is very passionate about Shakespeare and she goes into details of the location, the cast and various scenes.<br />  Shakespeare Experts Audio Commentary - I found this audio commentary to be a welcome addition to the Blu-ray release as experts Virginia Mason Vaughan (a Professor of English at Clark University) and Jonathan Bate (A Shakespeare Professor at England's University of Warwick)  discuss the differences between the play and the film adaptation.  The two do not engage in any lambasting towards the film but for those that want to know about the key differences, will surely enjoy this commentary.<br />  Raising the Tempest - (1:06:06) A making-of \\"The Tempest\\" but also gives you an idea of the location of the film, the cast's state of mind while working on the film and also comparisons of the play and film and more.<br />  Julie & Cast: Inside the L.A. Rehearsals - (13:34) A featurette in which Julie Taymore along with Russell Brand, Alfred Molina and Djimon Hounsou at a stage rehearsal from back in 2008.<br />  Russel Brand Rehearsal Riff - (4:32) Julie Taymor interview Trinculo (Brand).<br />  Music Video - (3:22) Featuring a the music video for \\"Mistress Mine\\" by actor Reeve Carney.<br /><br />EXTRAS:<br /><br />\\"The Tempest\\" comes with a slipcover case.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />I really wanted to love\\"The Tempest\\" and I know how passionate filmmaker Julie Taymor was when she created it.  And to reaffirm that passion, I listened to the audio commentary, the featurette on the making of this film.  And how she wanted to bring technology and theater together as one.<br /><br />But the problem is, while visually the film was visceral and gorgeous, the story was not.<br /><br />And the biggest culprit was the pacing of the film.  The film starts off rather dark, we learn what sacrifices Prospera had gone through to keep she and her daughter safe from intruders.  How she took control of the island and made Caliban, a slave.  And the dynamic between mother and daughter, Prospera and Ariel, Miranda and Ferdinand, I did like.<br /><br />But the pacing takes a 90 degree turn as the film's comedy diverts you from a more serious/darker tone to ridiculousness as the film begins to focus on Trinculo and Stephano with Caliban.  To put it bluntly, when you start watching Russell Brand trounce into the film, in modern day garb and discovering Calaban, \\"The Tempest\\" resembles less of a Shakespearan film and almost becomes more of something we would see from Happy Madison or Judd Apatow-produced films.<br /><br />Is it funny, yes...but it is so out of place and in many ways, it became more of an experimental, jarring part of the film that really takes you out of the actual story.  Yes, we know that Trinculo, Stephano and Caliban would be plotting against Prospera but perhaps the three were focused on too much.<br /><br />The other story featured Kin Alonzo, Antonio, Sebastian and I felt that while the play shows the conflict between Antonio and Prospero quite well, I felt the necessary bridge to show Antonio's betrayal of Prospera was not well tied together in the film.<br /><br />But what I did enjoy about the film was relationship between Prospera and Miranda and you have to give credit to the performance of Helen Mirren who did a wonderful job.  Julie Taymor was correct in the fact that a woman can play the role of the lead protagonist and the casting of Mirren was terrific.<br /><br />As mentioned earlier, the visual effects, cinematography, costume design and makeup were fantastic in this film and to incorporate an experimental and artistic direction for the film can be applauded, it's just that I felt there were scenes, moments that were missing or just out of place.<br /><br />While the Blu-ray release of \\"The Tempest\\" will surely be enjoyed by fans, there is no doubt that this film looks and sounds fantastic on Blu-ray and the special features are also lengthy, enlightening and entertaining.  But as far as the film itself, for a visceral film that screams beauty and darkness, unfortunately its disjointed storyline doesn't match the vibrancy of the film's beautiful aesthetics.back in 2008.    Russel Brand Rehearsal Riff - (4:32) Julie Taymor interview Trinculo (Brand).    Music Video - (3:22) Featuring a the music video for \\"Mistress Mine\\" by actor Reeve Carney.  EXTRAS:  \\"The Tempest\\" comes with a slipcover case.  JUDGMENT CALL:  I really wanted to love\\"The Tempest\\" and I know how passionate filmmaker Julie Taymor was when she created it.  And to reaffirm that passion, I listened to the audio commentary, the featurette on the making of this film.  And how she wanted to bring technology and theater together as one.  But the problem is, while visually the film was visceral and gorgeous, the story was not.  And the biggest culprit was the pacing of the film.  The film starts off rather dark, we learn what sacrifices Prospera had gone through to keep she and her daughter safe from intruders.  How she took control of the island and made Caliban, a slave.  And the dynamic between mother and daughter, Prospera and Ariel, Miranda and Ferdinand, I did like.  But the pacing takes a 90 degree turn as the film's comedy diverts you from a more serious/darker tone to ridiculousness as the film begins to focus on Trinculo and Stephano with Caliban.  To put it bluntly, when you start watching Russell Brand trounce into the film, in modern day garb and discovering Calaban, \\"The Tempest\\" resembles less of a Shakespearan film and almost becomes more of something we would see from Happy Madison or Judd Apatow-produced films.  Is it funny, yes...but it is so out of place and in many ways, it became more of an experimental, jarring part of the film that really takes you out of the actual story.  Yes, we know that Trinculo, Stephano and Caliban would be plotting against Prospera but perhaps the three were focused on too much.  The other story featured Kin Alonzo, Antonio, Sebastian and I felt that while the play shows the conflict between Antonio and Prospero quite well, I felt the necessary bridge to show Antonio's betrayal of Prospera was not well tied together in the film.  But what I did enjoy about the film was relationship between Prospera and Miranda and you have to give credit to the performance of Helen Mirren who did a wonderful job.  Julie Taymor was correct in the fact that a woman can play the role of the lead protagonist and the casting of Mirren was terrific.  As mentioned earlier, the visual effects, cinematography, costume design and makeup were fantastic in this film and to incorporate an experimental and artistic direction for the film can be applauded, it's just that I felt there were scenes, moments that were missing or just out of place.  While the Blu-ray release of \\"The Tempest\\" will surely be enjoyed by fans, there is no doubt that this film looks and sounds fantastic on Blu-ray and the special features are also lengthy, enlightening and entertaining.  But as far as the film itself, for a visceral film that screams beauty and darkness, unfortunately its disjointed storyline doesn't match the vibrancy of the film's beautiful aesthetics.
B005WZZRD8|5.0|This is the first time I purchased a Lady Gaga CD. I only know her from press and video clips.   I had a negative feeling for her due to her too much self-exposure and very eccentric personality.  I am really happy I bought this combo set and watched the Monster Ball Tour.   She is quite gifted, talented and really a great performer.  They way she sings, dances and plays in the piano is very exciting.  Yes, she is very provocative but I grew up with listening and watching David Bowie, Madonna, Cher, Michael Jackson and Queen. You can notice those superstar's influences easily. Still, she made her own music in an impressive way.  After all, this a a great set to have in my personal collection and really worth buying it.  I recommend to first time Lady gaga listeners as well.
B004J00KJ8|4.0|It was the surprise hit of 1994.<br /><br />\\"Four Weddings and a Funeral\\", a film directed by Mike Newell (\\"Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire\\", \\"Enchanting April\\", \\"Donnie Brasco\\", \\"Prince of Persia: Sands of Time\\") and written by Richard Curtis (Mr. Bean\\", \\"Bridget Jones's Diary\\", \\"Notting Hill\\" became the UK's highest-grossing film in history at the time (earning over $245 million worldwide) and also earning an Academy Award for \\"Best Picture\\".<br /><br />The film would also jumpstart the career of Newell but also its leading actor, an unknown talent named Hugh Grant who would go on to become an International star with \\"Notting Hill\\", \\"Mickey Blue Eyes\\" and \\"Bridget Jone's Diary\\" and also boost the career of actress Kristin Scott Thomas and John Hannah to name a few.<br /><br />VIDEO:<br /><br />\\"Four Weddings and a Funeral\\" is presented in 1080p High Definition (widescreen 1:85:1).  I tend to be one of the few who tend to get critical of films released in the late '80s and early '90s and brought to Blu-ray because a lot of film stock at that time used for films were not the best.  Some films tend to look their age, some tend to look a bit soft.  For \\"Four Weddings and a Funeral\\", actually picture quality leaned more towards the good side.<br /><br />For one, scenes shot outdoors do showcase a good amount of color but at the same time, it does show its age where colors look a tad bit saturated.  But just a bit.  There is a good amount of grain and I did see some white speckles but for the most part, the film does look good, just don't expect picture quality compared to today's modern films.<br /><br />AUDIO & SUBTITLES:<br /><br />\\"Four Weddings and a Funeral\\" is presented in English 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio, Spanish Dolby Surround and French 5.1 DTS HD.  For this comedy, it's a dialogue-driven film with some music, so you can expect a more center and front-channel driven soundtrack.  Fortunately, there is use of the surround channels as you can hear ambiance, especially birds chirping all around you at times.  But it's not an immersive soundtrack but for this type of film and considering the age of the film, the lossless soundtrack is good.<br /><br />Subtitles are in English SDH, Spanish and French.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />\\"Four Weddings and a Funeral\\" comes with the following special features:<br /><br />  Audio Commentary with Filmmakers - If you owned the original \\"Deluxe Edition\\" of the previous DVD, the wonderful audio commentary with comments from director Mike Newell and Richard Curtis as well as Duncan Kenworthy are included.  An in-depth and fun audio commentary worthy listening to!<br />  Four Weddings and a Funeral: In the Making Featurette - (7:45) Featuring interviews with the cast of \\"Four Weddings and a Funeral\\" about their role and behind-the-scenes footage from the film.<br />  The Wedding Planners - (29:48) Featuring the making of the film, the challenges experienced while making the film and how casting was made for the film.<br />  Two Actors and a Director Featurette - (5:41) Mike Newell talks about hiring Hugh Grant and Andie MacDowell including interviews with the two cast members.<br />  Deleted Scenes - (9:56) Featuring five deleted scenes with optional introductions by producer Duncan Kenworthy.<br />  Promotional Spots - Featuring two never-used promotional spots by Hugh Grant and Andie MacDowell and featuring optional commentary by producer Duncan Kenworthy.<br />  Trailer - (2:08) Featuring the original theatrical trailer to \\"Four Weddings and a Funeral\\".<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />When I was attending college, \\"Four Weddings and a Funeral\\" was the ultimate guy film which I saw many friends watch over and over and being the only guy around the group who had a girlfriend at the time, I would listen and hear them talk about how this movie spoke to them.<br /><br />Does \\"true love\\" exist?  Is it better to be single and have fun?<br /><br />And I really don't know how many times my friends had this playing on their VHS but this was a film that spoke to people on various levels.  Gave them hope!<br /><br />As for me, the film didn't speak to me in terms of relationships but it further enhanced my appreciation for British comedies.  What I loved about the film was its various characters and while the film was primarily about Charles and Carrie, its the other supporting cast that I found entertaining and helped enhance the storyline around Charles.<br /><br />And sure enough, the film made Hugh Grant a star and Mike Newell, he would go on to make blockbuster films.  I was surprised to see Kristin Scott Thomas in a more smaller role but watching this film back then, I had no doubt in my mind we would be seeing more of Thomas in cinema and similar to Grant, we would see more of Thomas in films such as \\"Mission Impossible\\" and  \\"The English Patient\\".  And another actor who would also gain from being part of the film is John Hannah who went on to work on \\"The Mummy\\" films.<br /><br />For the most part, everyone gave a solid performance in the film. If there was one person that actually irked me back then, it was Andie MacDowell's character as Carrie.  For someone who knows people of great influence and someone who looked as if she was an intellectual, somehow her character and the lines she was given were almost making her come out looking like an airhead.  But then again, perhaps I was too enamored by her in \\"Groundhog Day\\" and \\"Short Cuts\\" back then.<br /><br />As for the Blu-ray release, I know that many people own the Deluxe Edition DVD that came out in 2006 which has the same special features featured on this Blu-ray.  So, is it worth upgrading?  Well, because it's a catalog title, more than likely you are going to find this release for a lower price and if that is the case, then yes, it's definitely worth it to upgrade to an HD version, especially if you love the film, then definitely Blu-ray is the way go go..  But at the same time, it is not necessarily a film that showcases an immersive soundscape when it comes to lossless audio and as for the picture quality, just don't have huge expectations and expected significant differences PQ-wise over its DVD counterpart.<br /><br />But if you haven't owned or even watched the film before, then yes, definitely give \\"Four Weddings and a Funeral\\" a chance!  It's witty, fun and highly entertaining!<br /><br />Overall, \\"Four Weddings and a Funeral\\" is a film that many people love, some place it high amongst their top romantic comedies and as mentioned earlier, for some guys, this movie speaks to them, especially those wondering if \\"true love\\" exists.  For me, it was just a fun British comedy, nothing more, nothing less and I enjoyed it.<br /><br />So, if you really love this film, then definitely upgrade to Blu-ray!of relationships but it further enhanced my appreciation for British comedies.  What I loved about the film was its various characters and while the film was primarily about Charles and Carrie, its the other supporting cast that I found entertaining and helped enhance the storyline around Charles.  And sure enough, the film made Hugh Grant a star and Mike Newell, he would go on to make blockbuster films.  I was surprised to see Kristin Scott Thomas in a more smaller role but watching this film back then, I had no doubt in my mind we would be seeing more of Thomas in cinema and similar to Grant, we would see more of Thomas in films such as \\"Mission Impossible\\" and  \\"The English Patient\\".  And another actor who would also gain from being part of the film is John Hannah who went on to work on \\"The Mummy\\" films.  For the most part, everyone gave a solid performance in the film. If there was one person that actually irked me back then, it was Andie MacDowell's character as Carrie.  For someone who knows people of great influence and someone who looked as if she was an intellectual, somehow her character and the lines she was given were almost making her come out looking like an airhead.  But then again, perhaps I was too enamored by her in \\"Groundhog Day\\" and \\"Short Cuts\\" back then.  As for the Blu-ray release, I know that many people own the Deluxe Edition DVD that came out in 2006 which has the same special features featured on this Blu-ray.  So, is it worth upgrading?  Well, because it's a catalog title, more than likely you are going to find this release for a lower price and if that is the case, then yes, it's definitely worth it to upgrade to an HD version, especially if you love the film, then definitely Blu-ray is the way go go..  But at the same time, it is not necessarily a film that showcases an immersive soundscape when it comes to lossless audio and as for the picture quality, just don't have huge expectations and expected significant differences PQ-wise over its DVD counterpart.  But if you haven't owned or even watched the film before, then yes, definitely give \\"Four Weddings and a Funeral\\" a chance!  It's witty, fun and highly entertaining!  Overall, \\"Four Weddings and a Funeral\\" is a film that many people love, some place it high amongst their top romantic comedies and as mentioned earlier, for some guys, this movie speaks to them, especially those wondering if \\"true love\\" exists.  For me, it was just a fun British comedy, nothing more, nothing less and I enjoyed it.  So, if you really love this film, then definitely upgrade to Blu-ray!
B006C45MRE|1.0|i wish i could say i watched this movie but all i did was wast my four dollers. i could not watch this my. it would stop every four or seven secounds and have to load the video. and that would take longer to do then what it would allow me to watch at a time. i wish i had saved my money or rented it from itunes.
B004LWZW4C|5.0|The X-Men is the most popular and successful superhero team to come from Marvel comics and with the loose adaptation of the films, there has been discussion of taking the story of the history and beginning of the X-Men from the early beginning.<br /><br />But one of the problems is that the original team was founded in 1963 and while comic books do a great job of elongating the superheroes life throughout the comic book series with no signs of real-time aging, the movies can not.  Therefore, part of the task of producer Lauren Shuler Donner and Bryan Singer was to create a new beginning for the film version, incorporate characters that were not introduced in the film trilogy but to make sure the storyline focuses on the relationship of Professor Charles Xavier (Professor X) and Erik Lehnsherr (Magneto).<br /><br />Bryan Singer who was responsible for the first two X-Men films worked on the storyline for \\"X-Men: First Class\\" but to hone the story and make it his own was director Matthew Vaughn (\\"Kick-Ass\\", \\"Stardust\\", \\"Snatch\\") who was given a second chance to work on an X-Men film after departing \\"X-Men: The Last Stand\\" (due to family obligations and also a perfectionist who does not like to be rushed, in which \\"X-Men: The Last Stand\\" had a rushed schedule).<br /><br />So, Matthew Vaughn and his team began crafting \\"X-Men: First Class\\" and despite the differences from the comic book series, fans enjoyed the more violent and action-driven tone of the film with a strong script, focused direction and wonderful performances from its cast.  And the film was successful in the box office making over $350 million dollars and has received positive reviews from film critics worldwide.<br /><br />VIDEO:<br /><br />\\"X-Men: First Class\\" is presented in 1080p High Definition (widescreen 2:35:1) and the picture quality of this film is fantastic.  There is a good balance of warm and cool colors but the amount of detail for the characters was fantastic.  Good balance between vibrant colors, ambers, blues and black levels were nice and deep. I detected no crush, no artifacts, no banding.  The film looks great on Blu-ray!<br /><br />Especially the various color combinations used in the film from the blues on Mystique and Beast (and I just have to add that Matthew Vaughn's input on the Beast was right on the money!), the look of Azazel was fantastic, the detail on the wings of Angel was quite impressive and the scenes with the White Queen especially the wide-angle shot of her walking to the Russians is a pretty cool shot!<br /><br />Jon Mathieson (\\"Gladiator\\", \\"Kingdom of Heaven\\", \\"Hannibal\\") is an awesome cinematographer and when it comes to bringing in breathtaking shots to an action film, from his work on \\"Gladiator\\" and \\"Kingdom of Heaven\\", he definitely brought memorable scenes to \\"X-Men: First Class\\".  The whole look and feel of the film was stylish and cool, editing was well-done and the overall direction of the characters was quite smooth and fluid. The action sequences and the use of CG for the film was wisely done and if anything, it was a great balance of a great script and action sequences that looked great for the film.<br /><br />It's one thing to have the details of Mystique, Beast, Angel, Azazel looking very good but there was good choice of colors and just overall well-planned scenes that made the film look fantastic, stylish and very cool!<br /><br />AUDIO & SUBTITLES:<br /><br />\\"X-Men: First Class\\" is presented in English 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio, 5.1 Dolby Digital Descriptive Audio, French 5.1 Dolby Digital and Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital.<br /><br />I can easily say that if you are an audiophile, you are going to love this film!  Center and front channels are crystal clear but the amount of LFE and the immersive lossless soundtrack is just fantastic.  There are three major scenes where the lossless audio is quite stellar.  From the first encounter of Charles Xavier and Erik in the ocean, as you can hear metal being squeezed andRiptide unleashing his twisters towards the US military, another scene features Sebastian Shaw and his team attacking the area where the mutants are being kept and hearing Azazel going dropping bodies from the air and the bodies hitting the pavement to the attacks.  This action sequence lasts a long while and is pretty intense with a lot of gun shots, windows shattering, explosions galore.  And of course, the final battle sequence which takes up the final half hour is fantastic.<br /><br />The music composed by Henry Jackman (\\"The Dark Knight\\", \\"Pirates of the Carribean\\" films) was also awesome and I'm glad that FOX included the isolated score as a feature on the Blu-ray release!<br /><br />I was very pleased by this soundtrack and there was one point which my wife was walking into the living room and there was one startling scene that freaked her out as she was near the right surround speaker.  Needless to say, I was enjoying the lossless soundtrack and yes, part of me was hoping it would be in 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio but for the most part, it was a pretty awesome soundtrack that I am confident will win over the audiophiles!<br /><br />Subtitles are in English SDH and Spanish.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />\\"X-Men: First Class\\" comes with the following special features:<br /><br />  X-Marks the Spot -( 19:55) You can watch the following featurettes while watching the film or individually.  The featurettes are behind-the-scenes of the following scenes from the film: Erik in Auschwitz (young Erik scene), Charles Meets Raven (young Raven and Xavier's mother scene), Mr. Howlett Declines (Hugh Grant's scene), Mindscape (Cerebro scene), Emulsional Journey (Havok scene), Rebecca's Return (Rebecca Romijn scene), Cuban Beach Pre-Viz Sequence (the non-rendered 3D sequence of the Cuban Missile sequence), Retro Cool (the style and look of the film).<br />  Composer's Isolated Score in 5.1 Dolby Digital - Watch the film with only the isolated score.<br />  Cerebro Mutant Tracker - The following is an interactive game where you can spot mutants such as the one's featured in the film or X-Men films and watched related video footage taken from those films and info. on the characters).<br />  Children of the Atom - (1:09:48) Featuring seven featurettes which include: Second Genesis (director Matthew Vaughn's second chance to work on a \\"X-Men\\" film), Band of Brothers (the producers talk about focusing on Xavier and Erik), Transformation (how filmmaker Matt Vaughn wanted the Beast to have a certain look and the challenge to achieve the look), Suiting Up (creating the look and feel for costume design for \\"X-Men: First Class\\"), New Frontier: A Dose of Style (how the early Sean Connery James Bond films were an influence to the look of Erik and also what influences there were for costume design for the other characters), Pulling Off the Impossible (the animatics used on \\"X-Men: First Class\\"), Sound and Fury (the music for \\"X-Men: First Class\\").<br />  Deleted Scenes - (14:07) A total of 13 deleted scenes.<br />  LIVE - At this point of time for the review, only the imDB cast info. was available as well as live features for other Twentieth Century Fox films.<br /><br />EXTRAS:<br /><br />\\"X-Men: First Class\\" comes with a slip over cover case, a digital copy version of the film (with activation code) and access to 10 free X-Men Marvel Digital Comics (via provided activation code) from marvel.com.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />I am a big X-Man fan.  I'm a critical X-Man fan.<br /><br />I have had issues of \\"The Uncanny X-Men\\" from the '60s to the present, I have purchased nearly every X-Men related title and mini-series since the '80s, the Toy Biz toys from the '90s, the Marvel Legends action figures from the early 2000's and even the movie figures from the first two \\"X-Men\\" films.<br /><br />With that being said, I also know that film adaptations from the comics are not going to be 100% but I know when a film seemed rushed and when the characters don't seem right.  With that being said, I will say that I enjoyed the second \\"X-Men\\" film and understood the introductions to the characters of the first film.  But since then, the third film and the Wolverine film were popcorn action films that didn't have the best screenplay.  Yes, it delivered in action but since the release of \\"The Dark Knight\\", the rules of comic book-inspired films have changed my attitude towards these films.  I would rather have a well-written screenplay, a film done right versus a film that features action, explosions and are literally films that make me want to watch only because the characters are X-Men but not for the overall story.<br /><br />I felt the second X-Men film (The Last Stand) was the best in making a serious X-Men film which included a darker story and violence but since then, the X-related films have backed away from a strong script.<br /><br />So, I give Twentieth Century Fox and producer Lauren Shuler Donner in giving Matthew Vaughn a second chance.  The fact is that the third film was rushed, he knew it was rushed and he backed away from it.  But this time around, although production schedule was still tight, he brought his creative team aboard and made sure that he had control over the film and the producers gave him that control, including producer/writer Bryan Singer when it came to make those changes with the story.  It was a collaborative effort but when done right by a person who was intent of making and creating a more serious, more violent type of film, he was able to accomplish it with great efficacy.<br /><br />After the film was released in theaters, my friends and associates were calling me up and raving about the film.  How it was the best \\"X-Men\\" film to date and after watching \\"X-Men: First Class\\", I agree.<br /><br />Granted, the X-Men fan in me still has a hard time of seeing Havok and the White Queen in the beginning storyline but how these characters were incorporated to the film, it made sense.  Having Mystique and Azazel in the film definitely scores brownie points for X-Men fans as the storyline of Nightcrawler (featured in second X-Men film), going with a somewhat unknown group was wise but to have a balance of talent by bringing in accomplished actors such as James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender and Kevin Bacon was a fantastic choice by casting and Michael Vaughn.<br /><br />Many of these talents are known for their serious acting work on non-action films and by bringing McAvoy and Fassbender, I was a bit skeptical at first on the chemistry of the two characters but after watching the film, I was quite pleased.  I also have to give Michael Vaughn a thumbs up by using the 1960's Jamese Bond (Sean Connery) films as a source of inspiration for the look of the film, especially for Erik's costume design and of course, the look and feel of everyone else, especially January Jones ala Emma Frost.  She looked fantastic!<br /><br />The Blu-ray release of \\"X-Men: First Class\\" is wonderful when it comes to picture and lossless audio quality and the disc is packed with special features and extras.  Granted, if going by the Twentieth Century Fox X-Men releases, I wouldn't be surprised if we saw a 1.5 release when the next film is released.<br /><br />Granted, the next film coming out will be another Wolverine film but if only Matthew Vaughn and his team can work on every X-Men related film, if he was able to bring this much quality to the screenplay and overall direction, he does a fantastic job.  The only thing I can think of, that would make things much worthwhile is possibly giving filmmaker Joss Whedon a chance one of these days as he had done a pretty solid job on the comic book series and knows the fine balance between movies and the comic series.<br /><br />But overall, I was quite pleased with \\"X-Men: First Class\\" and I share the same sentiment as others that this is the best X-men film to date.  Put the film in capable hands, especially to a perfectionist and sure enough, Matthew Vaughn and his team did a wonderful job in putting synergy to the X-Men films and I can't wait for more (especially if Vaughn and team returns).<br /><br />\\"X-Men: First Class - 2-Disc Set\\" is a wonderful release and is highly recommended!on films that didn't have the best screenplay.  Yes, it delivered in action but since the release of \\"The Dark Knight\\", the rules of comic book-inspired films have changed my attitude towards these films.  I would rather have a well-written screenplay, a film done right versus a film that features action, explosions and are literally films that make me want to watch only because the characters are X-Men but not for the overall story.  I felt the second X-Men film (The Last Stand) was the best in making a serious X-Men film which included a darker story and violence but since then, the X-related films have backed away from a strong script.  So, I give Twentieth Century Fox and producer Lauren Shuler Donner in giving Matthew Vaughn a second chance.  The fact is that the third film was rushed, he knew it was rushed and he backed away from it.  But this time around, although production schedule was still tight, he brought his creative team aboard and made sure that he had control over the film and the producers gave him that control, including producer/writer Bryan Singer when it came to make those changes with the story.  It was a collaborative effort but when done right by a person who was intent of making and creating a more serious, more violent type of film, he was able to accomplish it with great efficacy.  After the film was released in theaters, my friends and associates were calling me up and raving about the film.  How it was the best \\"X-Men\\" film to date and after watching \\"X-Men: First Class\\", I agree.  Granted, the X-Men fan in me still has a hard time of seeing Havok and the White Queen in the beginning storyline but how these characters were incorporated to the film, it made sense.  Having Mystique and Azazel in the film definitely scores brownie points for X-Men fans as the storyline of Nightcrawler (featured in second X-Men film), going with a somewhat unknown group was wise but to have a balance of talent by bringing in accomplished actors such as James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender and Kevin Bacon was a fantastic choice by casting and Michael Vaughn.  Many of these talents are known for their serious acting work on non-action films and by bringing McAvoy and Fassbender, I was a bit skeptical at first on the chemistry of the two characters but after watching the film, I was quite pleased.  I also have to give Michael Vaughn a thumbs up by using the 1960s Jamese Bond (Sean Connery) films as a source of inspiration for the look of the film, especially for Erik's costume design and of course, the look and feel of everyone else, especially January Jones ala Emma Frost.  She looked fantastic!  The Blu-ray release of \\"X-Men: First Class\\" is wonderful when it comes to picture and lossless audio quality and the disc is packed with special features and extras.  Granted, if going by the Twentieth Century Fox X-Men releases, I wouldn't be surprised if we saw a 1.5 release when the next film is released.  Granted, the next film coming out will be another Wolverine film but if only Matthew Vaughn and his team can work on every X-Men related film, if he was able to bring this much quality to the screenplay and overall direction, he does a fantastic job.  The only thing I can think of, that would make things much worthwhile is possibly giving filmmaker Joss Whedon a chance one of these days as he had done a pretty solid job on the comic book series and knows the fine balance between movies and the comic series.  But overall, I was quite pleased with \\"X-Men: First Class\\" and I share the same sentiment as others that this is the best X-men film to date.  Put the film in capable hands, especially to a perfectionist and sure enough, Matthew Vaughn and his team did a wonderful job in putting synergy to the X-Men films and I can't wait for more (especially if Vaughn and team returns).  \\"X-Men: First Class - 2-Disc Set\\" is a wonderful release and is highly recommended!
B004LWZW42|4.0|There is a lot to like about this film, but Michael Fassbender is the standout. He is perfectly cast as Magneto in all respects. His screen persona is, quite literally, magnetic; he is so charismatic that you cannot take your eyes off of him while he is on camera. I don't just mean that he's hot--the dude can act (check the scene where he moves the satellite dish.) If I say more, I'll embarrass myself. Just watch this film; it's great fun!
B005J6LKVI|5.0|In 2009, Kathryn Stockett's novel \\"The Help\\" was released and praised by book critics of major publications.<br /><br />For a book that was rejected by dozens of literary agents, the book would eventually become a major hit in 2011 as five million copies of the books have been sold and it spent more than 100 weeks on the New York Times Best Sellers List.<br /><br />Kathryn's childhood friend, Tate Taylor (director of the film \\"Pretty Ugly People), who grew up with Stockett in Jackson, Mississippi, gave Taylor the film rights and in 2011, the film adaptation of \\"The Help\\" was released and the film would receive rave review from film critics and the film which was budgeted at $25 million, would go on to earn over $196 million in the box office.<br /><br />The period film would feature a talented cast which would include Emma Stone (\\"Easy A\\", \\"Zombieland\\", \\"Superbad\\"), Viola Davis (\\"Doubt\\", \\"Solaris\\", \\"Far From Heaven\\"), Bryce Dallas Howard (\\"Spider-Man\\", \\"Terminator Salvation\\", \\"The Village\\"), Octavia Spencer (\\"Spider-Man\\", \\"Seven Pounds\\"), Jessica Chastain (\\"The Tree of Life\\", \\"The Debt\\", \\"Take Shelter\\"), Allison Janney (\\"The West Wing\\", \\"Juno\\"), Cicely Tyson (\\"Sounder\\", \\"Roots\\", \\"A Lesson Before Dying\\") and Sissy Spacek (\\"Carrie\\", \\"Coal Miner's Daughter\\").<br /><br />VIDEO:<br /><br />\\"The Help\\" is presented in 1080p High Definition (widescreen 1:85:1).  The film looks absolutely beautiful on Blu-ray.  The film manages to capture the details of the South quite effectively, especially certain details that are much clearer such as the freckles on Emma Stone's face,  the cut on Minny's forehead or even cold sore on Hilly's mouth.  If anything, the clarity and detail of this film is much more evident, especially during the closeup of the characters and the details of scenery, including the homes such as Aibilene's home as we can see the paint gone from the old home.<br /><br />Also, felt that part of the efficacy of this film was location and costume design.  Cinematographer Stephen Goldblatt (\\"Closer\\", \\"Batman Forever\\", \\"Lethal Weapon\\") did a great job in capturing the look and feel of the 1960's and it really helps to find a location such as Greenwood, Mississippi retain the look that the city of Jackson had a long time ago.  But costume/makeup and hair design was well-done and really made this film come alive! And it all looks great on Blu-ray!<br /><br />I didn't see any banding, edge enhancement, artifacts or any problems on this Blu-ray.  If anything, \\"The Help\\" looks fantastic on Blu-ray!<br /><br />AUDIO & SUBTITLES:<br /><br />\\"The Help\\" is presented in English 5.1 DTS-HD MA (48 kHZ/24-bit), English 2.0 DVS, French and Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital Surround Sound.  For this type of film, there is not much of action.  In fact, the film is primarily dialogue and music-driven.  While surround channels are mostly used for the ambiance of a crowded room or church area, I wasn't expecting \\"The Help\\" to have an immersive soundtrack.  But for the most part, dialogue is clear and the music compositions by Thomas Newman (\\"WALL-E\\", \\"The Shawshank Redemption\\", \\"American Beauty\\") sounds fantastic on HD!<br /><br />Subtitles are in English SDH, French and Spanish.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES<br /><br />\\"The Help\\" comes with the following special features:<br /><br />  The Making of \\"The Help\\" From Friendship To Film - (23:29) Featuring interviews with director Tate Taylor, writer Kathryn Stockett, producer Chris Columbus and Brunson Green and the cast of \\"The Help\\".  From the challenges of making this film and working among friends.<br />  In Their Own Words: A Tribute To The Maids Of Mississippi - (11:51) Featuring a interview done by Tate Taylor and Octavia Spencer with Tate's maid and also other maids (and their daughters) in regards to their memories of working during the turbulent '60s.<br />  Deleted Scenes - Five deleted scenes with introductions by Director Tate Taylor.<br />  \\"The Living Proof\\" music video by Mary J. Blige - (5:08)<br /><br />EXTRAS:<br />\\"The Help\\" comes with a slipcover case and a DVD.  The DVD is presented in 1:85:1, English, French and Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital, English DVS 2.0 Dolby Digital and subtitles are in English SDH, French and Spanish.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />A powerful film with a magnificent performance by Viola Davis and Octavia Spencer, \\"The Help\\" is a moving drama that opens your eyes to the difficulties of Black maids during that era in time.<br /><br />There is no doubt in my mind that in order for \\"The Help\\" to be as effective for its film adaptation, you're going to need talent that can make viewers feel the raw emotion that these characters go through onscreen.  But also people who have experienced having a Black maid and also were passionate in giving a voice to those maids.<br /><br />You have to give credit to author Kathryn Stockett and screenplay writer and director Tate Taylor for sticking to their guns for the making of this film because without this friendship, I'm not sure if the film would have been as successful as it was.<br /><br />For one, these two grew up together.  Both came from broken homes and both were raised by their Black maids.  For Stockett, the novel was therapeutic to write about her past but also making her think about her maid Dimitri and how she was part of her family for over 30 years.  And while her book was being shopped with no success, as best friends with Taylor, she had always wanted Tate to direct the film, whether or not it was low-budget or high-budget.<br /><br />And what is most remarkable is the dynamic among these best friends but also their close friends around them.  Actress Octavia Spencer worked with Tate Taylor as production assistants on the 1996 film \\"A Time to Kill\\" and both moved from the south to Los Angeles earlier in their career.  Octavia played a role in Stockett's novel, giving her input (even her disdain at first but as a friend of Tate, she read it).  Also, a close friend was actress Allison Janney who was part of Tate's circle of friends and producer Brunson Green and both worked with Tate in his smaller films.<br /><br />But they faced major opposition because Tate was not a well-known director and when Hollywood told Stockett that she can use her friend to direct the film, she wasn't going to budget.  And it goes to show you how close these best friends are.  And fortunately because Tate was friends with producer/director Chris Columbus (\\"Night at the Museum\\" films, \\"Fantastic Four\\" films, \\"Harry Potter\\" films) and his wife loved the Stockett's novel and Chris knows Steven Spielberg (who co-founded Dreamworks), Spielberg gave the thumbs up to the project and Kathryn Stockett's best friend Tate Taylor would eventually get this opportunity to direct this film.<br /><br />And this is what I found to be magical about \\"The Help\\".  It's a film that features a close circle of friends who believed in the project but also a story that is so personal for both Kathryn Stockett and Tate Taylor and their love for the maids that raised them, that \\"The Help\\" was made possible.  And for the most part, the critics and viewers enjoyed this film.<br /><br />Not only is it a powerful, honest and entertaining period film, \\"The Help\\" is an important film because it does give a voice for to those women who worked during those turbulent times.  Is the story perfect?  Probably not.  While the best-selling novel was loved by film critics and readers, it was also criticized by the Association of Black Women Historians for distorting and ignoring the experiences of Black domestic workers.  I know there are many stories of challenges and dangers that many other maids out there but at least \\"The Help\\" does give people the opportunity to talk about the past.  For surviving Black maids, their daughters to talk about stories from the past and if anything, giving America and people around the world a portrait of how things were at that time.<br /><br />While the film focuses on the lives of Black maids, it was important for the film adaptation to put the mental image of how wrong these women were treated.  While the novel is much more darker than the film and even more heartbreaking, I do credit Tate Taylor for giving viewers some hope with this film, than giving the exact ending of what took place in the book.<br /><br />But if there is one thing that brings Kathryn Stockett's novel-to-life, its the performances.  Both Viola Davis and Octavia Spencer have done a magnificent job in this film and I can only hope these two women are nominated for various film awards because their performance was outstanding!<br /><br />You can sense the fear in Davis' character of Aibelene as she doesn't know if she can trust a white woman with her story.  You can see the frustration of Octavia Spencer's character of Minny as she tries her best to keep quiet when her boss is often criticizing her and making her out as if she is nothing. It's all in the eyes and the facial expressions and both women are able to effectively show those raw emotions onscreen.<br /><br />As for Emma Stone, it was quite interesting to see her in a more serious role than the last films I have seen her in, especially actress Allison Janney as Skeeter's mother Charlotte Phelan.  But as far as the antagonist goes, it was great to see actress Bryce Dallas Howard doing a good job playing such an appalling role of Hilly Holbrook.  In fact, my wife (who has watched this film several times) was often saying expletives each time Hilly showed up on screen and just loved the scenes that dealt with Minny's pie.<br /><br />And it was great to see Cicely Tyson in the film as well and see how her role as Constantine made a big impact in the life of Skeeter.  But also Sissy Spacek who plays Missus Walters and her jabs at her uptight daughter Hilly were effective in breaking down the seriousness of the movie with humor.<br /><br />As for the Blu-ray release, it was great to have the \\"Making of the Help: From Friendship to Film\\" which goes into more detail of the friendship between Stockett and Taylor and their circle of friends that took part in this film, also to include \\"In Their Own Words: A Tribute to the Maids of Mississippi\\" included with the Blu-ray release but also deleted scenes which feature two additional scenes such as Hilly confronting Skeeter on the commode situation but also a deleted scene showing what happened to Minny after the book was released.  I do agree for pacing purposes, these deleted scenes were best left out.<br /><br />I would have loved to hear a director's commentary or even cast commentary included but still, are a few special features included with this Blu-ray & DVD combo release that were quite entertaining to watch.  Picture quality was very good, the lossless audio soundtrack was appropriate.<br /><br />Overall, \\"The Help\\" is a fantastic film that takes a look back at the racism endured by Black maids back in the 1960's.  Although there is more to the story of what other types of harassment or difficulties Black maids have had in the job, nor does the film focus on the lives that these women have when they do return back home after work, there are many scenes throughout the film that are heartbreaking but also inspirational.<br /><br />\\"The Help\\" is highly recommended!when Hollywood told Stockett that she can use her friend to direct the film, she wasn't going to budget.  And it goes to show you how close these best friends are.  And fortunately because Tate was friends with producer/director Chris Columbus (\\"Night at the Museum\\" films, \\"Fantastic Four\\" films, \\"Harry Potter\\" films) and his wife loved the Stockett's novel and Chris knows Steven Spielberg (who co-founded Dreamworks), Spielberg gave the thumbs up to the project and Kathryn Stockett's best friend Tate Taylor would eventually get this opportunity to direct this film.  And this is what I found to be magical about \\"The Help\\".  It's a film that features a close circle of friends who believed in the project but also a story that is so personal for both Kathryn Stockett and Tate Taylor and their love for the maids that raised them, that \\"The Help\\" was made possible.  And for the most part, the critics and viewers enjoyed this film.  Not only is it a powerful, honest and entertaining period film, \\"The Help\\" is an important film because it does give a voice for to those women who worked during those turbulent times.  Is the story perfect?  Probably not.  While the best-selling novel was loved by film critics and readers, it was also criticized by the Association of Black Women Historians for distorting and ignoring the experiences of Black domestic workers.  I know there are many stories of challenges and dangers that many other maids out there but at least \\"The Help\\" does give people the opportunity to talk about the past.  For surviving Black maids, their daughters to talk about stories from the past and if anything, giving America and people around the world a portrait of how things were at that time.  While the film focuses on the lives of Black maids, it was important for the film adaptation to put the mental image of how wrong these women were treated.  While the novel is much more darker than the film and even more heartbreaking, I do credit Tate Taylor for giving viewers some hope with this film, than giving the exact ending of what took place in the book.  But if there is one thing that brings Kathryn Stockett's novel-to-life, its the performances.  Both Viola Davis and Octavia Spencer have done a magnificent job in this film and I can only hope these two women are nominated for various film awards because their performance was outstanding!  You can sense the fear in Davis' character of Aibelene as she doesn't know if she can trust a white woman with her story.  You can see the frustration of Octavia Spencer's character of Minny as she tries her best to keep quiet when her boss is often criticizing her and making her out as if she is nothing. It's all in the eyes and the facial expressions and both women are able to effectively show those raw emotions onscreen.  As for Emma Stone, it was quite interesting to see her in a more serious role than the last films I have seen her in, especially actress Allison Janney as Skeeter's mother Charlotte Phelan.  But as far as the antagonist goes, it was great to see actress Bryce Dallas Howard doing a good job playing such an appalling role of Hilly Holbrook.  In fact, my wife (who has watched this film several times) was often saying expletives each time Hilly showed up on screen and just loved the scenes that dealt with Minny's pie.  And it was great to see Cicely Tyson in the film as well and see how her role as Constantine made a big impact in the life of Skeeter.  But also Sissy Spacek who plays Missus Walters and her jabs at her uptight daughter Hilly were effective in breaking down the seriousness of the movie with humor.  As for the Blu-ray release, it was great to have the \\"Making of the Help: From Friendship to Film\\" which goes into more detail of the friendship between Stockett and Taylor and their circle of friends that took part in this film, also to include \\"In Their Own Words: A Tribute to the Maids of Mississippi\\" included with the Blu-ray release but also deleted scenes which feature two additional scenes such as Hilly confronting Skeeter on the commode situation but also a deleted scene showing what happened to Minny after the book was released.  I do agree for pacing purposes, these deleted scenes were best left out.  I would have loved to hear a director's commentary or even cast commentary included but still, are a few special features included with this Blu-ray & DVD combo release that were quite entertaining to watch.  Picture quality was very good, the lossless audio soundtrack was appropriate.  Overall, \\"The Help\\" is a fantastic film that takes a look back at the racism endured by Black maids back in the 1960s.  Although there is more to the story of what other types of harassment or difficulties Black maids have had in the job, nor does the film focus on the lives that these women have when they do return back home after work, there are many scenes throughout the film that are heartbreaking but also inspirational.  \\"The Help\\" is highly recommended!
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I, like most guys in my generation, grew up playing with Star Wars action figures and wearing out the movies on VHS.  This Blu-ray set is terrific.  The sound and obviously the video quality are amazing.  The packaging it's self is very nicely done.  These movies look and sound as they should and I've very much enjoyed watching them in this format.
B005KA188S|4.0|While there are some who may remember the 1985 horror film \\"Fright Night\\" written by Tom Holland, and its sequel in 1988, with many remakes of popular horror films happening more and more, what happens if the task of writing a screenplay is given to \\"Buffy the Vampire Slayer\\" and \\"Angel\\" writer Marti Noxon?<br /><br />Let's just say that while not a horror/slasher type of film, you do get the humor that was quite prevalent in those popular TV series that Noxon was involved with and also the feeling of a homage to the Scooby Gang than redoing the same kind of film that was released in '85.  And director Craig Gillespie doing something different than his previous films \\"Lars and the Real Girl\\", \\"Mr. Woodcock\\" and the TV series \\"United States of Tara\\".<br /><br />Also, unlike the earlier film's, this latest adaptation would benefit from better visual effects but also a change in storyline compared to the original film.  Where the original focused on a horror fan of the TV series \\"Fright Night\\" and an actor who played a vampire killer, there are differences that keep the original 1985 film original and this 2011 version is a different type of film that uses the character's names, modernizes the storyline and is essentially a different film.<br /><br />While the film wasn't a major hit in the box office, it did receive many positive reviews from film critics.  And for fans of \\"Buffy the Vampire\\" and \\"Angel\\", because of Noxon's involvement, there was a little homage to those series in the film, as well as to the original film that made fans interested and entertained.  And also to \\"Doctor Who\\" fans who love David Tennant's work as the doctor and want to see him play the vampire hunter, Peter Vincent.<br /><br />VIDEO:<br /><br />\\"Fright Night\\" is presented in 1080p High Definition (1:78:1).  The Picture quality is fantastic!  There are a lot of detail's that can be seen, from the detail on the clothing, the weapons, the blood on the characters.  Plenty of detail can be seen in this film from Amy's blue eyes, the detail on the CG of Jerry's vampire face, the edges and contour of Peter Vincent's collection and more! Also, it helps to have a talented cinematographer, Javier Aguirresarobe (\\"The Others\\", \\"Twilight: New Moon\\", \\"The Twilight Saga: Elclipse\\", \\"Vicky Cristina Barcelona\\") working on the film.  Javier does a wonderful job in capturing the action sequences with complete efficacy!<br /><br />Skin tones are natural, black levels are deep and no artifacts, banding (especially during the more fire and red intensive scenes) or traces of DNR.  This is an awesome looking film on Blu-ray!<br /><br />AUDIO & SUBTITLES:<br /><br />\\"Fright Night\\" is presented in English 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio (48 kHz/24-bit), English 2.0 DVS, French and Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital.  What an immersive soundtrack!  I was so happy to hear the rear surrounds being used in this film, I was very impressed!  While the film starts out with a lot of dialogue and is crystal clear through the center channel and also ambient effects and music through the front channel, the movie builds with noises from glass being broken, to the scream of Doris but once you get into the action sequences featuring Charley, Amy and his mother being pursued by Jerry, the film becomes immersive!<br /><br />From the sounds of a motorcycle hitting the back window, Jane running straight into Jerry and the vampire trying to come from below in order to kill his victims or the scrape of metal as it hits the pavement.  From this point on to the film, the film is so immersive because of the continual action sequences that I really enjoyed this lossless soundtrack.  Action kept going and going, ambiance via the club or crowds is heard clearly.  If anything, audio quality like the video is fantastic!<br /><br />Subtitles are in English SDH, French and Spanish.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES<br /><br />\\"Fright Night\\" comes with the following special features:<br /><br />  Peter Vincent: Come Swim in MyMind - (2:09) An interview with Peter Vincent (the character played by David Tennant).<br />  The Official \\"How to Make a Funny Vampire Movie\\" Guide - (8:04) Craig Gillespie, Marti Noxon and the producers and cast talk about necessary things to have in a vampire film.<br />  Deleted & Extended Scenes - (4:51) Featuring five deleted scenes: Ride to School, Neighborly, Once a Freak Always a Freak, Midori & Kerosene and Back at the Penthouse.<br />  Squidman: Extended and Uncut - (2:58) Featuring the extended, uncut version of the squidman home video that Charley and his friends took when they were younger.<br />  Bloopers - (3:23) Outtakes from \\"Fright Night\\".<br />  Kid Cudi - \\"No One Believes Me\\" Music Video - (5:21)<br /><br />EXTRAS:<br /><br />\\"Fright Night\\" comes with a slipcover case and DVD with feature film and special features.  The DVD is presented in widescreen (1:78:1) aspect ratio - enhanced for 169 televisions.  Audio is presented in English 5.1 Dolby Digital, English 2.0 DVS, French, Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital.  Subtitles are in English SDH, French and Spanish.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />While I'm not so fond of '70s and '80s horror films because they still continue to scare the hell out of me... \\"Fright Night\\" is one of those horror films that may have some scares but by no means is it a horror, slasher film or anything that is overly grotesque.<br /><br />In fact, when I found out that Marti Noxon wrote the screenplay and that Craig Gillespie was directing, I wasn't thinking of horror film.  Knowing Noxon's style of writing for \\"Buffy the Vampire Slayer\\" and the \\"Angel\\" TV series, she is a writer that tries to bring together comedy, horror but also gives things a more stylish presentation for today's viewers.  While Craig Gillespie is also a character driven director and both working together was actually quite effective.<br /><br />In some ways, minus Joss Whedon and the fact that fans have wished on a real \\"Buffy the Vampire Slayer\\" and \\"Angel\\" movie since the TV series had ended, this 2011 version of \\"Fright Night\\" almost felt like an extension of those series.  A homage to those Whedon TV series that a lot of us grew up watching way before \\"Twilight\\" and the other countless vampire related films and TV series that are currently ongoing.<br /><br />And I can easily say that because Marti Noxon wrote the screenplay, was a major incentive of me wanting to watch this film because I knew I was not going to have a bloody horrorfest but a film that will be action-packed and entertaining!  While it will be quite subjective for those who saw the original 1985 film and this 2011 version of which is better and which is not, I'm more on the latter side, that I enjoyed this 2011 film a lot!<br /><br />First, Colin Farrell does a fantastic job of playing the antagonist, Jerry the vampire.  You know that he is the bad boy that the women are going to fall for and also the actor does a great job of playing the villain!  Anton Yelchin looks like the underdog.  As Charley, a kid we don't expect much from in defending his family, yet himself from a vampire attack, so you root for the underdog.  Especially for his girlfriend Amy (played by Imogen Poots) and his mother Jane (Toni Collette).<br /><br />But also having David Tennant (which alone will have \\"Dr. Who\\" fans excited) as the vampire hunter, Peter Vincent was a big plus!  Especially to have Tennant play this bombastic character, so different from Roddy McDowall's 1985 performance.  If anything, Tennant made this rude and aggressive character his own.<br /><br />But also to having this film set in Las Vegas to help explain the Peter Vincent, Vampire Hunter show and also why Jerry has blacked-out windows (because people in Las Vegas work at nights and sleep during the day), works well for this film.<br /><br />But one advantage that the 2011 version film has its technology and it's talented crew behind it.  Aside from Gillespie and Noxon, for cinematography, you have \\"Twilight: New Moon\\" and \\"The Twilight Saga: Eclipse\\" cinematographer Javier Aguirresarobe, art director Randy Moore (\\"The Curious Case of Benjamin Button\\", \\"G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra\\", \\"The Mask\\"), costume designer Susan Matheson (\\"The Kingdom\\", \\"The Town\\", \\"Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby\\"), production designer Richard Bridgland (\\"Resident Evil\\", \\"AVP: Alien vs. Predator\\"), Set decorator K.C. Fox (\\"Speed\\", \\"Forgetting Sarah Marshall\\", \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\") and many more.  DreamWorks Pictures really tapped into a talented crew for this 2011 version of the film.<br /><br />As for the Blu-ray release, the picture quality and lossless audio is fantastic!  I wish there was an audio commentary but you still get a good number of special features included with this Blu-ray release.  And also, with this Blu-ray release, you get a DVD feature of the film, so since this will be released before Christmas, something people can watch during those long travel commutes or during winter vacation.<br /><br />Overall, \\"Fright Night\\" is not so much of a horror film.  If you have watched a \\"Buffy the Vampire Slayer\\" or \\"Angel\\" episode, you know it's about comedy, its characters and of course, these characters trying to survive from vampires.  While the original definitely had hints of a sequel toward the end, this 2011 film did not. But then again, with so much interest in vampire films and vampire television shows, I wouldn't be surprised if more \\"Fright Night\\" films would be made.<br /><br />If so, I hope it retains the same type of vibe as the 2011 version as I do love what Marti Noxon has brought to the original screenplay.  Especially with so many horror films coming out each year, it's great to have something not too banal in which you have a vampire film that is not all about the horror but a screenplay that manages to have fun and not having main characters dying off like other films.<br /><br />Overall, \\"Fright Night\\" is an enjoyable, entertaining action-based, vampire film, it may not be scary enough for others...but for those who want to laugh and also enjoy the characters of the film, this one is for you!\\"Twilight\\" and the other countless vampire related films and TV series that are currently ongoing.  And I can easily say that because Marti Noxon wrote the screenplay, was a major incentive of me wanting to watch this film because I knew I was not going to have a bloody horrorfest but a film that will be action-packed and entertaining!  While it will be quite subjective for those who saw the original 1985 film and this 2011 version of which is better and which is not, I'm more on the latter side, that I enjoyed this 2011 film a lot!  First, Colin Farrell does a fantastic job of playing the antagonist, Jerry the vampire.  You know that he is the bad boy that the women are going to fall for and also the actor does a great job of playing the villain!  Anton Yelchin looks like the underdog.  As Charley, a kid we don't expect much from in defending his family, yet himself from a vampire attack, so you root for the underdog.  Especially for his girlfriend Amy (played by Imogen Poots) and his mother Jane (Toni Collette).  But also having David Tennant (which alone will have \\"Dr. Who\\" fans excited) as the vampire hunter, Peter Vincent was a big plus!  Especially to have Tennant play this bombastic character, so different from Roddy McDowall's 1985 performance.  If anything, Tennant made this rude and aggressive character his own.  But also to having this film set in Las Vegas to help explain the Peter Vincent, Vampire Hunter show and also why Jerry has blacked-out windows (because people in Las Vegas work at nights and sleep during the day), works well for this film.  But one advantage that the 2011 version film has its technology and it's talented crew behind it.  Aside from Gillespie and Noxon, for cinematography, you have \\"Twilight: New Moon\\" and \\"The Twilight Saga: Eclipse\\" cinematographer Javier Aguirresarobe, art director Randy Moore (\\"The Curious Case of Benjamin Button\\", \\"G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra\\", \\"The Mask\\"), costume designer Susan Matheson (\\"The Kingdom\\", \\"TheTown\\", \\"Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby\\"), production designer Richard Bridgland (\\"Resident Evil\\", \\"AVP: Alien vs. Predator\\"), Set decorator K.C. Fox (\\"Speed\\", \\"Forgetting Sarah Marshall\\", \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\") and many more.  DreamWorks Pictures really tapped into a talented crew for this 2011 version of the film.  As for the Blu-ray release, the picture quality and lossless audio is fantastic!  I wish there was an audio commentary but you still get a good number of special features included with this Blu-ray release.  And also, with this Blu-ray release, you get a DVD feature of the film, so since this will be released before Christmas, something people can watch during those long travel commutes or during winter vacation.  Overall, \\"Fright Night\\" is not so much of a horror film.  If you have watched a \\"Buffy the Vampire Slayer\\" or \\"Angel\\" episode, you know it's about comedy, its characters and of course, these characters trying to survive from vampires.  While the original definitely had hints of a sequel toward the end, this 2011 film did not. But then again, with so much interest in vampire films and vampire television shows, I wouldn't be surprised if more \\"Fright Night\\" films would be made.  If so, I hope it retains the same type of vibe as the 2011 version as I do love what Marti Noxon has brought to the original screenplay.  Especially with so many horror films coming out each year, it's great to have something not too banal in which you have a vampire film that is not all about the horror but a screenplay that manages to have fun and not having main characters dying off like other films.  Overall, \\"Fright Night\\" is an enjoyable, entertaining action-based, vampire film, it may not be scary enough for others...but for those who want to laugh and also enjoy the characters of the film, this one is for you!
B000001FDI|5.0|Other reviewers are right in saying this band never gelled, but there's some fine playing which definitely deserves a listen. The song 'Can't find my way home' is probably the standout track and the other songs are good too. Shortly after this, Eric Clapton couldn't indeed 'find his way home' musically and it took years before he produced anything worthwhile again. There are are hints of progressive rock, such as the extended track at the end but these guys went on to do different things (thank god!).
B005AUWY90|4.0|There was no doubt that a sequel to Pixars \\"Cars\\" film would be made.  It was all about when will it be made.<br /><br />In 2006, the seventh Disney/Pixar film \\"Cars\\" was released in theaters.  Needless to say, the film was a major hit as it was nominated for two Academy Awards, made over $461 million worldwide.  The film was so popular that merchandise for the film is still sold in stores today and the cars have been popular toys that have earned over $5 billion in sales.<br /><br />Needless to say, \\"Cars\\" was not just a box office success, it is one of Disney/Pixars biggest money making titles that is loved by critics and fans.<br /><br />\\"Cars 2' becomes the 12th Disney/Pixar film and once again, \\"Cars 2' would meet box office success earning over $551 million worldwide.<br /><br />VIDEO:<br /><br />\\"Cars 2' is presented in 1080p High Definition (2:39:1 aspect ratio).  As expected from a Disney/Pixar release, the picture quality is full of detail, colors are vibrant, blacks levels are deep and the textures and edges are fantastic.  Everything about this film looks perfect.  I didn't see any banding, nor did I see any artifacts or edge enhancement.<br /><br />Every detail from the rust and dents on Mater, the shine on McQueen, sparks, explosions, the asphalt, the backgrounds and yes, even the water looks amazing in this film.  Overall, as one has expected from Disney/Pixar, they continue to deliver excellence for picture quality in this latest Blu-ray release!<br /><br />AUDIO & SUBTITLES:<br /><br />\\"Cars 2' is presented in English 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio, English 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio ES, English DVS 2.0 Dolby Digital and English Near Field Mix 2.0.<br /><br />Similar to the picture quality, Disney/Pixar is known for its lossless audio and everything from the tires squealing to the engines roaring, explosions, machine guns and the panning from one audio extreme to another, this is an immersive soundtrack.  LFE showcases the booms of the explosions, surround channels showcase the gunfire, engines revving and because this film incorporates racing and action, the soundtrack delivers!  Especially in ambiance as McQueen and Mater are in different countries, the lossless audio is amazing!<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES<br /><br />\\"Cars 2' comes with the following special features:<br /><br />  Director John Lasseter Commentary - Co-directors John Lasseter and Brad Lewis talk about the film but also how promotion for the first \\"Cars\\" film internationally  made him think about Mater (Lasseter always wears Hawaiian shirts but when invited to an F-1 party event, he realized how under-dressed and out of place he was in Italy) and Lasseter and his children's love for the \\"Bourne Identity\\" films led to the storyline of \\"Cars 2'.<br />  Toy Story Toon \\"Hawaiian Vacation\\" - (5:53) When Barbie and Ken are expecting to go with Bonnie and her family to Hawaii, they end up being left behind.  With Ken wanting a romantic trip with Barbie and Barbie hoping to get that first kiss, Woody, Buzz and the gang decide to bring Hawaii to Bonnie's bedroom.<br />  Cars Toon \\"Air Mater\\" - (5:22) A story about Mater telling one of his stories and this time, him flying in the sky.<br /><br />EXTRAS:<br /><br />\\"Cars 2: 2-Disc Combo Pack\\" comes with a slipcover case and a DVD presented in 2:39:1 aspect ratio - Enhanced for 169 televisions, English 5.1 Dolby Digital EX, English DVS 2.0 Dolby Digital, English Near Field Mix 2.0 Dolby Digital, English SDH subtitles, Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital EX & Spanish subtitles and French 7.1 DTS-HD HR, French 5.1 Dolby Digital EX with French subtitles.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />\\"Cars 2' may have not been the critic-friendly Disney/Pixar animated film that many have hoped for but for me, it was great to see Lassetter and friends do something different.<br /><br />Part of the complaints by critics was how the film was devoid of it's emotional storyline and how it focused more on Mater instead of Lightning McQueen.  And depending on one's feeling towards Mater, if you dislike the character, then chances are, the film may turn you off.  Afterall, Lightning McQueen is the cool, dashing hero of the first film and Mater is a redneck-talking, rusted tow truck.<br /><br />But for me, I enjoyed the film because it was able to take the characters out of Radiator Springs and showcase them in Japan, France and Italy.  And as for Mater, yes...the storyline focuses on his character but if you enjoy spy films, to see him being mixed in an international spy case with the James Bond-ish Aston Martin-like Finn McMissile and the high tech Holley Shiftwell.  Sure, Mater is not the smartest car on the planet but to see these action sequences happening quite often, I found that to be quite refreshing for a Disney/Pixar film.<br /><br />But at the same time, I must acknowledge the problem that children might not understand the discussion about alternative fuels and why the bad evil cars were trying to sabotage other race cars throughout the World Grand Prix.  I watched the film with my eight-year-old and he enjoyed the film for its action but the storyline of why the evil people were doing what they were doing, that went over his head completely.<br /><br />But we were both in agreement of how cool the film was because of its action.  And this of course, may be a problem for those expecting a deep and emotional storyline.  Sure, every Disney/Pixar film typically touches you in someway and while Mater is not the typical character for some viewers not to feel sorry for, I think too much \\"Mater\\" for some, is not a good thing.<br /><br />For me, I felt that his character was utilized in a way that was not too annoying and the fact that he is brought into this spy thriller was entertaining.<br /><br />Like all Disney/Pixar films, the voice acting was excellent. But this film definitely was Larry the Cable Guy's moment to shine as the voice of Mater as he is brought together with wonderful actor Michael Caine (who plays the Bond-like spy Finn McMissile) and actress Emily Mortimer (voice of Holley Shiftwell).  But everyone on the film, Owen Wilson as Lightning McQueen, Eddie Izzard as Sir Miles Axlerod, John Turturro as Francesco Bernoulli, etc.  They all do a wonderful job!<br /><br />As for the Blu-ray release, as expected from a Disney/Pixar film, the picture quality and lossless audio is magnificent and perfect in every way!  Disney/Pixar films have always been magnificent on Blu-ray when it comes to PQ/AQ that it was no surprise to me that everything looked and sounded great!<br /><br />But...with this being an awesome Blu-ray release, recently I began to question Disney's latest strategy of not including many special features for its normal Blu-ray release and adding them only on their Blu-ray 3D releases.  One thing that I love about Disney Blu-rays and also Disney/Pixar Blu-rays is the amount of special features included.<br /><br />The first \\"Cars\\" Blu-ray (and DVD) release was filled with special features but not this title.  No Second Screen that Disney has been pushing, no deleted scenes, no interviews with the voice cast of \\"Cars 2' but we do get the audio commentary and two animated shorts.  And as grateful as I am for the inclusion of these three special features, I have to admit that it's quite small for a major release such as \\"Cars 2'.  But if you buy the much more expensive 3D version of \\"Cars 2', then you get most of those special features.<br /><br />It was one thing in the past, to include special features on Blu-ray and less for a DVD, in the hopes that people would upgrade to Blu-ray.  And that was a no-brainer as Blu-ray players are quite cheap these days.  But for people to upgrade to a 3D TV and purchase 3D glasses that is asking too much for the average consumer and unlike blu-ray players which are affordable, 3D TV's are still a bit pricey for many people.<br /><br />But with the \\"Cars 2: 2-Disc Combo Pack\\", you do get that extra DVD,so with the holiday season coming up, you can definitely have the DVD playing for your children during those long traveling commutes or to keep them occupied during the holiday season.<br /><br />Overall, \\"Cars 2' is an enjoyable family film and an awesome Blu-ray sporting awesome animation and picture quality as well as audio quality via HD.  While many people have their opinions of this film, I absolutely enjoyed this film because it was different than the first and that I love spy action films!<br /><br />\\"Cars 2' is a fun family film with plenty of action and humor!  Sure, it doesn't feature Lightning McQueen as the main character but I found the whole Mater spy action storyline to be quite entertaining and fun!  Also, he film looked absolutely incredible on Blu-ray!  The lossless audio was immersive and awesome!  I absolutely enjoyed this film!<br /><br />Recommended!cesco Bernoulli, etc.  They all do a wonderful job!  As for the Blu-ray release, as expected from a Disney/Pixar film, the picture quality and lossless audio is magnificent and perfect in every way!  Disney/Pixar films have always been magnificent on Blu-ray when it comes to PQ/AQ that it was no surprise to me that everything looked and sounded great!  But...with this being an awesome Blu-ray release, recently I began to question Disney's latest strategy of not including many special features for its normal Blu-ray release and adding them only on their Blu-ray 3D releases.  One thing that I love about Disney Blu-rays and also Disney/Pixar Blu-rays is the amount of special features included.  The first \\"Cars\\" Blu-ray (and DVD) release was filled with special features but not this title.  No Second Screen that Disney has been pushing, no deleted scenes, no interviews with the voice cast of \\"Cars 2 but we do get the audio commentary and two animated shorts.  And as grateful as I am for the inclusion of these three special features, I have to admit that it's quite small for a major release such as \\"Cars 2.  But if you buy the much more expensive 3D version of \\"Cars 2, then you get most of those special features.  It was one thing in the past, to include special features on Blu-ray and less for a DVD, in the hopes that people would upgrade to Blu-ray.  And that was a no-brainer as Blu-ray players are quite cheap these days.  But for people to upgrade to a 3D TV and purchase 3D glasses that is asking too much for the average consumer and unlike blu-ray players which are affordable, 3D TV's are still a bit pricey for many people.  But with the \\"Cars 2: 2-Disc Combo Pack\\", you do get that extra DVD, so with the holiday season coming up, you can definitely have the DVD playing for your children during those long traveling commutes or to keep them occupied during the holiday season.  Overall, \\"Cars 2 is an enjoyable family film and an awesome Blu-ray sporting awesome animation and picture quality as well as audio quality via HD.  While many people have their opinions of this film, I absolutely enjoyed this film because it was different than the first and that I love spy action films!  \\"Cars 2 is a fun family film with plenty of action and humor!  Sure, it doesn't feature Lightning McQueen as the main character but I found the whole Mater spy action storyline to be quite entertaining and fun!  Also, he film looked absolutely incredible on Blu-ray!  The lossless audio was immersive and awesome!  I absolutely enjoyed this film!  Recommended!
B004XDYJRU|5.0|I cannot believe it is only $.99 !!  Music, news, and podcasts from all over the world!!! This is one of the best apps I've ever purchased.
B004EPZ0BQ|4.0|Filmmaker Will Gluck (\\"Easy A\\", \\"The Loop\\") is back with a romantic comedy titled \\"Friends With Benefits\\".<br /><br />Featuring a story by Harley Peyton, Keith Merryman and David A. Newman, the film would feature an all-star ensemble cast starring Mila Kunis (\\"Black Swan\\", \\"That '70s Show\\", \\"Forgetting Sarah Marshall\\"), Justin Timberlake (\\"In Time\\", \\"Bad Teacher\\", \\"The Social Network\\"), Bryan Greenberg (\\"Bride Wars\\", \\"The Perfect Score\\"), Jenna Elfman (\\"Dharma & Greg\\", \\"Keeping the Faith\\", \\"Edtv\\"), Woody Harrelson (\\"Cheers\\", \\"Zombieland\\", \\"Natural Born Killers\\"), Richard Jenkins (\\"The Visitor\\", \\"Step Brothers\\", \\"Burn After Reading\\") and Patricia Clarkson (\\"The Green Mile\\", \\"Shutter Island\\").<br /><br />The film was well-received by film critics and the $35 million film would go on to make $149 million in the box office.<br /><br />VIDEO:<br /><br />\\"Friends with Benefits\\" is presented in 1080p High Definition (2:35:1).  The picture quality of the film is very good.  Shot digitally, it is obvious that the goal of cinematographer Michael Grady (\\"Easy A\\", \\"Notorious\\", \\"Faster\\")  was to capture the beauty of New York City and Los Angeles.  These scenes are absolutely beautiful and really capture the life of the city through the details of the city and the vibrant colors.<br /><br />Skin tones are natural, black levels are deep and I detected no banding, artifacts or any problems.  \\"Friends with Benefits\\" looks fantastic in HD!<br /><br />AUDIO & SUBTITLES:<br /><br />\\"Friends with Benefits\\" is presented in English, French 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio, Spanish, English - Audio Description Track 5.1 Dolby Digital.  The film is primarily dialogue and musically driven as one would expect from a romantic comedy.  There are moments such as the airport scene giving more ambiance to the film but for a romantic comedy, this film sports crystal clear dialogue and bass thumping music ala Kriss Kross' \\"Jump\\" and Foster the Parents \\"Pumped Up Kids\\".<br /><br />But for the most part, the lossless soundtrack works for this romantic comedy and the dialogue and music are crystal clear!<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES<br /><br />\\"Friends with Benefits\\" comes with the following special features:<br /><br />  Commentary with Writer/Director Will Gluck, Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis - A fun and hilarious audio commentary with the two main stars and director Will Gluck.  Both have fun telling jokes, cussing and just having fun discussing the film.<br />  Bonus Benefits: A Pop-Up Trivia Track - A Blu-ray exclusive.  While watching the film, you can have various trivia showing onscreen while watching the film.<br />  Deleted Scenes - (8:49)  Featuring ten deleted scenes (Superheroes on Hollywood Blvd, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Creative Meeting, GQ Party, Let's Stay Friends, Shower Cap, Hollywood Tour, Princess and the Pony, Dylan Tries to Call Jamie, and Twin Pythons) with optional writer and director commentary.<br />  Outtakes - (6:40) Featuring outtakes from \\"Friends with Benefits\\".<br />  On Set With FWB - (5:39) A Blu-ray exclusive featurette featuring an interview with the cast and crew about working on the set of \\"Friends with Benefits\\", shooting in New York City and Los Angeles.<br />  In A Flash: Choreographing A Mob - (5:48) A Blu-ray exclusive featurette on how the flash mob scenes were created.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />When it comes to romantic comedies, especially sex comedies...sometimes the storyline features bad breakups, rebound relationships but for the most part, comedies that you can sense how things will end right from the beginning.<br /><br />And while the ending for this film fit the banality of other romantic comedies, its how the two protagonists get to that final point.  And for a film title such as \\"Friends with Benefits\\", you expect a film to showcase quite a bit of sex.  For the most part, you get a lot of good scenes with both Timberlake and Kunis in bed (note: Justin Timberlake does do his first rear nude scene whileKunis used a body double) and experimenting with each other and having fun!  But fortunately, this is not the dominating factor of the film.<br /><br />The film focuses on their emotional attachment to each other, knowing that they have feelings for each other but they are so scared about how their relationships have ended in the past, that being \\"friends with benefits\\" would alleviate them from having any emotional attachment.  And instead of rushing into those emotions that the two have with each other, we see the journey as the two try to have flings with other people and then of course, when Jamie (Kunis) goes to Los Angeles to meet with his family, things happen that separates the two.<br /><br />And the chemistry between both Timberlake and Kunis was very well done!  In fact, I found the two much more believable onscreen than Timberlake had with Cameron Diaz on \\"Bad Teacher\\".  The two looked right for each other and I was quite pleased to see how Timberlake has evolved as an actor and the same for actress Mila Kunis.  Both did a wonderful job!<br /><br />And the supporting cast were also just as good, especially Patricia Clarkson as Lorna, the mother of Jamie but also a woman who has had a problematic sexual past.  Woody Harrelson as the gay co-worker named Tommy who is constantly asking Dylan if he is really gay, Richard Jenkins as Dylan's father who has alzheimer's and has a habit of pulling down his trousers and Jenna Elfman as Dylan's sister Annie.  Even the short appearances by Jason Segel and Rashida Jones (who star on a cheesy Hollywood romance story), as well as Andy Samberg and Emma Stone were fun to watch!<br /><br />But one thing I love about romantic films is when they can capture the city the characters talk so much about.  If you talk about New York City, I want to see New York City as much as they can show on the film.  The same with Los Angeles and the film manages to showcase both cities quite well. I also liked how the film's storyline took a jab at the usual Hollywood romantic comedy and showing that although Hollywood romantic comedies tend to have the fairytale story, not all are realistic and \\"Friends with Benefits\\" is a film that tries to keep things real!  I dig that!<br /><br />As for the Blu-ray release, there are two available on release date.  One with a DVD and Ultraviolet copy and the regular Blu-ray release with no DVD and UV copy.  The special features were entertaining especially the audio commentary which was hilarious as well as the included outtakes.  Also, it was interesting to learn about the challenges of shooting in NYC and Los Angeles and also choreographing the flash mob scenes.  The picture quality was vibrant and the on-location scenery shots of NYC and LA were awesome and audio quality was appropriate for this film.<br /><br />Overall, \\"Friends with Benefits\\" is a charming, sexy and fun romantic comedy featuring a wonderful performance by Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis and a romantic comedy capturing both the beauty of love in New York City and Los Angeles by keeping things real!<br /><br />\\"Friends with Benefits\\" is recommended!on their emotional attachment to each other, knowing that they have feelings for each other but they are so scared about how their relationships have ended in the past, that being \\"friends with benefits\\" would alleviate them from having any emotional attachment.  And instead of rushing into those emotions that the two have with each other, we see the journey as the two try to have flings with other people and then of course, when Jamie (Kunis) goes to Los Angeles to meet with his family, things happen that separates the two.  And the chemistry between both Timberlake and Kunis was very well done!  In fact, I found the two much more believable onscreen than Timberlake had with Cameron Diaz on \\"Bad Teacher\\".  The two looked right for each other and I was quite pleased to see how Timberlake has evolved as an actor and the same for actress Mila Kunis.  Both did a wonderful job!  And the supporting cast were also just as good, especially Patricia Clarkson as Lorna, the mother of Jamie but also a woman who has had a problematic sexual past.  Woody Harrelson as the gay co-worker named Tommy who is constantly asking Dylan if he is really gay, Richard Jenkins as Dylan's father who has alzheimer's and has a habit of pulling down his trousers and Jenna Elfman as Dylan's sister Annie.  Even the short appearances by Jason Segel and Rashida Jones (who star on a cheesy Hollywood romance story), as well as Andy Samberg and Emma Stone were fun to watch!  But one thing I love about romantic films is when they can capture the city the characters talk so much about.  If you talk about New York City, I want to see New York City as much as they can show on the film.  The same with Los Angeles and the film manages to showcase both cities quite well. I also liked how the film's storyline took a jab at the usual Hollywood romantic comedy and showing that although Hollywood romantic comedies tend to have the fairytale story, not all are realistic and \\"Friends with Benefits\\" is a film that tries to keep things real!  I dig that!  As for the Blu-ray release, there are two available on release date.  One with a DVD and Ultraviolet copy and the regular Blu-ray release with no DVD and UV copy.  The special features were entertaining especially the audio commentary which was hilarious as well as the included outtakes.  Also, it was interesting to learn about the challenges of shooting in NYC and Los Angeles and also choreographing the flash mob scenes.  The picture quality was vibrant and the on-location scenery shots of NYC and LA were awesome and audio quality was appropriate for this film.  Overall, \\"Friends with Benefits\\" is a charming, sexy and fun romantic comedy featuring a wonderful performance by Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis and a romantic comedy capturing both the beauty of love in New York City and Los Angeles by keeping things real!  \\"Friends with Benefits\\" is recommended!
0785139168|3.0|Some parts of this comic series are great and truly capture the essence of the original story.  Other parts...notsomuch.  There are a number of places where it is painfully obvious that the writer and/or artist has seen the 2005 Keira Knightly version *way* too many times.  This was disappointingly uneven, but it gets three stars instead of two because the good parts really are quite good.
B004EPYZZI|5.0|\\"Soul Surfer\\" is an inspiring film based on the true story of Bethany Hamilton, an American professional surfer who's life was changed after a shark attack in which she lost her left her arm.<br /><br />Without her arm and media coverage from all over the world, many witnessed Bethany Hamilton return to surfing but also to compete professionally not long after her accident.  And as simple as the story may seem, many things happened during those darker days of her life of whether or not she can function without an arm, if she can ever surf again but most importantly, what made her survive the entire ordeal.<br /><br />\\"Soul Surfer\\" is a film adaptation directed by Sean McNamara (producer and director of teen TV series \\"Beyond the Break\\" and \\"That's So Raven\\") of Bethany Hamilton's book about her life, what happened during the day of the accident and what happened afterward.<br /><br />The film begins in Kauai, Hawaii where Bethany (played by Anna SophiaRobb, \\"Bridge of Terabithia\\", \\"Charlie and the Chocolate Factory\\", \\"Jumper\\") is a normal teenage girl who loves to surf.  She hangs out with her best friend, fellow professional surfer Alana Blanchard (played by Lorraine Nicholson, \\"Click, \\"Something's Gotta Give\\", \\"World's Greatest Dad\\") and for both teenagers, their dream is to become professional surfers.<br /><br />But Bethany, her life is all about surfing...every day and every minute that she free time, she's surfing.<br /><br />Bethany lives with her surfing family which includes her father Tom (played by Dennis Quaid), her mother Cheri (played by Helen Hunt) and her brothers Noah (played by Ross Thomas) and Tim (played by Chris Brochu).  The family is Christian and Bethany is also active with her church youth group headed by Sarah Hill (played by Carrie Underwood).<br /><br />For Bethany, life is going very well and with a good showing at a competition, both she and Alana are sponsored by Rip Curl and both are looking forward to competing at the Regionals.<br /><br />But one day, Bethany went out to do some morning surfing with Alana, her father Holt (played by Kevin Sorbo) and Alana's younger brother at Tunnels Beach and while out the ocean and talking with Alana while lying on her surfboard, a tiger shark attacks Bethany, ripping out her left arm.<br /><br />Having lost 60% of her blood and thanks to the quick thinking of the Holt family and the medical services, Bethany was saved but her life would never be the same after the loss of her left arm.<br /><br />The film would focus on the difficulties that Bethany would have with one arm but also her desire to surf once again.  But most importantly, how her faith in God and the support that she has received from family, friends and those who were inspired by her story to surf again, made her stronger and made her continue to compete as a professional surfer.<br /><br />VIDEO:<br /><br />\\"Soul Surfer\\" is presented in 1080p High Definition (2:40:1 aspect ratio).  And once again, \\"Soul Surfer\\" is another film shot in Hawaii that continues my validation of how films shot at the island have looked vibrant and beautiful on Blu-ray.<br /><br />The film features a good layer of grain but its the colors that are so striking.  There is a good amount of detail, the cinematography in and out of the waves are just beautiful to watch and skin tones are natural and overall look of the film is warm.<br /><br />Personally, I felt that \\"Soul Surfer\\" looked fantastic on Blu-ray.  I didn't see any artifacts, nor did I see any banding, especially since this film is full of color.  Black levels are nice and deep and for the most part, PQ is absolutely pleasing and wonderful on Blu!<br /><br />AUDIO & SUBTITLES:<br /><br />\\"Soul Surfer\\" is presented in English, French and Portuguese 5.1 DTS-HD MA and comes with an English audio descriptive track.  The lossless audio for \\"Soul Surfer\\" is primarily dialogue and music-driven.  Dialogue is crystal clear and although there are not many action sequences, aside from Bethany's parents trying to escape from the media or hearing the waves crashing (which do sound very good), the film is not the type of film to expect immersive audio but for this type of film, the lossless soundtrack works wonderfully.<br /><br />Subtitles are in English, English SDH, Spanish, French and Portuguese.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />\\"Soul Surfer\\" comes with the following special features:<br /><br />  Deleted Scenes  - (3:48) A total of eight deleted scenes.<br />  The Making of Soul Surfer - (12:47) The making of the film, the casting of the talent, bringing in the Hamilton family to help along with the film and also Bethany's input but also the challenges the film crew faced during shooting and more.<br />  Surfing for the Screen: Inside the Action - (5:28) In order to make the film authentic and not be fake, the actual talent of the film were trained on how to surf.<br />  Becoming Bethany - (3:42) AnnaSophia Robb and Bethany Hamilton talk about meeting each other and how Robb got to learn a lot from Bethany during the making of the film.<br />  Heart of a Soul Surfer Documentary - (30:31) A documentary of Bethany Hamilton's upbringing, how she became a surfer, the day she lost her arm and interviews with family and friends who talk about Bethany's dedication to her faith and more.<br />  Bethany Hamilton On Professional Surfing - (4:54) A featurette showcasing Bethany Hamilton surfing various waves.<br /><br />EXTRAS:<br />\\"Soul Surfer\\" comes with a DVD version of the film.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />Bethany Hamilton is a hero.<br /><br />She inspires people with her life as a professional surfer despite having one arm, she inspires people because of her calmness and her resolve to helping others because of her faith in God and how her determination to compete with other professional surfers and not willing to be treated any differently.<br /><br />Hamilton's story has been featured in the news, she won the \\"Best Comeback Athlete ESPY Award, the \\"Courage Award\\" at the 2004 Teen Choice Awards and eventually in her career, taking first place in the 2005 National Scholastic Surfing Association (NSSA) National Championships, competing full-time on the Association of Surfing Professionals (ASP) and also for the WQS (World Qualifying Series).<br /><br />As a surfer and also a person who has followed Bethany Hamilton's progress since the accident, I couldn't wait to watch \\"Soul Surfer\\".  Sure, we know of how inspirational her story is from various news segments and interviews done with Bethany Hamilton and of course, there is also her book that she wrote.<br /><br />But sometimes, it helps people to see things visually on how Bethany was able to overcome a lot of the things in her life and that is because of her faith in God.<br /><br />For me, watching \\"Soul Surfer\\" was pretty cool in the fact that the filmmakers wanted to make a film that was authentic.  Part of the problems that many people dislike about surfing films is their unrealistic portrayal of them and seeing a body double that looks nothing like the character.  The other is shoddy acting.<br /><br />First, lets talk about the acting.<br /><br />With \\"Soul Surfer\\", you have a talented actress with AnnaSophia Robb, granted, in real life, she is much shorter than Bethany but onscreen, viewers will probably not even care. Her performance was well-done!<br /><br />But possibly one of the best things about this film is the casting.  You have two star talents with Dennis Quaid and Helen Hunt playing the parents of Bethany and also, you have Carrie Underwood also playing an acting role.  Granted, she a newbie in the field of acting but the fact that this film was able to secure these three talents is pretty awesome.<br /><br />But the next thing that made the film so much enjoyable is the fact that the filmmakers knew the criticism of surfing films and so they wanted to make sure the talent knew how to surf and they were filmed surfing.  So, AnnaSophia Robb, under the tutelage of Bethany's coach, learned to surf for a month, picked up quickly and started surfing each time she had a chance.<br /><br />As for Bethany's parents who love to surf, Helen Hunt knows how to surf but Dennis Quaid also went through training and enjoyed surfing as well.<br /><br />There is some awesome cinematography featured in the film and as mentioned, the acting is very well-done.<br /><br />But I know that for some people who have criticized this film, it's about how the film showcases Bethany's faith in God.<br /><br />It its important to note that for Bethany and her family, their faith is a big part of them as individuals and how they live their lives.  It was also instrumental in what brought them together during those darker moments but most importantly what made Bethany a stronger individual.  And a big reason of why she was able to surf again.<br /><br />And while the film does focus on faith, the filmmakers know that there must be a compromise of how they can also reach a mass audience and not to deluge non-religious viewers by not overly focusing on the religious topics.<br /><br />So, with that being said, the most you are going to see of any religion on film is when the film goes into Bethany attending her youth group or going to church (which are very short scenes) and when she goes to Thailand with her youth group to help those who were devastated by the tsunami.  But even those scenes, they are not preachy nor forcing religion in anyone's throats.<br /><br />If anything, the more discussion of faith especially Bethany's faith in God is mostly featured on the special features in the Blu-ray release.<br /><br />As for the Blu-ray release, the picture quality is fantastic!  I've been on the record of saying how outdoor shots, especially in Hawaii have looked fantastic on Blu-ray and that goes the same for \\"Soul Surfer\\". This is a beautiful film on Blu-ray and colors are vibrant.  The lossless audio is primarily dialogue and musically driven but there are good moments of hearing constant wave crashing that sounds very good on Blu-ray.  Granted, it would have been even better to give the wave crashing sounds a more immersive soundscape through all channels but for the most part, the soundtrack is appropriate for this film.  And of course, there are a good number of special features included on the Blu-ray.<br /><br />Overall, there is really nothing negative to say about this film.  It's a straightforward film about Bethany, her darker days and her return to surfing and competing and as a person who has been inspired by Bethany Hamilton's story and now watching that story on film, I was pretty impressed by the film.  Inspiring, entertaining and yes, even brought me to tears a few times during the film.<br /><br />\\"Soul Surfer\\" is definitely recommended!rofessionals (ASP) and also for the WQS (World Qualifying Series).  As a surfer and also a person who has followed Bethany Hamilton's progress since the accident, I couldn't wait to watch \\"Soul Surfer\\".  Sure, we know of how inspirational her story is from various news segments and interviews done with Bethany Hamilton and of course, there is also her book that she wrote.  But sometimes, it helps people to see things visually on how Bethany was able to overcome a lot of the things in her life and that is because of her faith in God.  For me, watching \\"Soul Surfer\\" was pretty cool in the fact that the filmmakers wanted to make a film that was authentic.  Part of the problems that many people dislike about surfing films is their unrealistic portrayal of them and seeing a body double that looks nothing like the character.  The other is shoddy acting.  First, lets talk about the acting.  With \\"Soul Surfer\\", you have a talented actress with AnnaSophia Robb, granted, in real life, she is much shorter than Bethany but onscreen, viewers will probably not even care. Her performance was well-done!  But possibly one of the best things about this film is the casting.  You have two star talents with Dennis Quaid and Helen Hunt playing the parents of Bethany and also, you have Carrie Underwood also playing an acting role.  Granted, she a newbie in the field of acting but the fact that this film was able to secure these three talents is pretty awesome.  But the next thing that made the film so much enjoyable is the fact that the filmmakers knew the criticism of surfing films and so they wanted to make sure the talent knew how to surf and they were filmed surfing.  So, AnnaSophia Robb, under the tutelage of Bethany's coach, learned to surf for a month, picked up quickly and started surfing each time she had a chance.  As for Bethany's parents who love to surf, Helen Hunt knows how to surf but Dennis Quaid also went through training and enjoyed surfing as well.  There is some awesome cinematography featured in the film and as mentioned, the acting is very well-done.  But I know that for some people who have criticized this film, it's about how the film showcases Bethany's faith in God.  It its important to note that for Bethany and her family, their faith is a big part of them as individuals and how they live their lives.  It was also instrumental in what brought them together during those darker moments but most importantly what made Bethany a stronger individual.  And a big reason of why she was able to surf again.  And while the film does focus on faith, the filmmakers know that there must be a compromise of how they can also reach a mass audience and not to deluge non-religious viewers by not overly focusing on the religious topics.  So, with that being said, the most you are going to see of any religion on film is when the film goes into Bethany attending her youth group or going to church (which are very short scenes) and when she goes to Thailand with her youth group to help those who were devastated by the tsunami.  But even those scenes, they are not preachy nor forcing religion in anyone's throats.  If anything, the more discussion of faith especially Bethany's faith in God is mostly featured on the special features in the Blu-ray release.  As for the Blu-ray release, the picture quality is fantastic!  I've been on the record of saying how outdoor shots, especially in Hawaii have looked fantastic on Blu-ray and that goes the same for \\"Soul Surfer\\". This is a beautiful film on Blu-ray and colors are vibrant.  The lossless audio is primarily dialogue and musically driven but there are good moments of hearing constant wave crashing that sounds very good on Blu-ray.  Granted, it would have been even better to give the wave crashing sounds a more immersive soundscape through all channels but for the most part, the soundtrack is appropriate for this film.  And of course, there are a good number of special features included on the Blu-ray.Overall, there is really nothing negative to say about this film.  It's a straightforward film about Bethany, her darker days and her return to surfing and competing and as a person who has been inspired by Bethany Hamilton's story and now watching that story on film, I was pretty impressed by the film.  Inspiring, entertaining and yes, even brought me to tears a few times during the film.  \\"Soul Surfer\\" is definitely recommended!
B0063GORYU|3.0|no auto complete but does the job works ok on the kindle fire.  wish the advertisements didn't come so often but what can you do.
B005J4TLO8|3.0|From producer Ben Stiller, Stuart Cornfeld and Jeremy Kramer comes the 2011 film \\"30 Minutes or Less\\".<br /><br />A crazy action/comedy film directed by Ruben Fleischer (\\"Zombieland\\") and a film which reunites the director with actor Jesse Eisenberg (\\"The Social Network\\",\\"Zombieland\\", \\"Adventureland\\") and features a screenplay from writers Michael Diliberti and Matthew Sullivan.<br /><br />The film which was budgeted at $28 million, earned over $39 million in the box office.<br /><br />VIDEO:<br /><br />\\"30 Minutes or Less\\" is presented in 1080p High Definition (2:40:1) and picture quality is absolutely fantastic.  You can see the details from the whiskers in Aziz' beard to the details of Nick's crappy old car, the skin pores of Bianca Kajlich's nude body.  A lot of fine details through the closeups and also, the film has some grain, skin tones are natural, some colorful scenes are vibrant (from the red car that Nick and Chet had stolen to the flames of a flamethrower) and black levels are nice and deep.<br /><br />AUDIO & SUBTITLES:<br /><br />\\"30 Minutes or Less\\" is presented in English and French 5.1 DTS-HD MA, Audio Description Track 5.1 Dolby Digital.  The lossless soundtrack is actually quite solid for this comedy/action film.  From the bass-driven hip hop tracks to the explosions, car crashes, gun shots, there are moments of really good immersive sound and good use of the surround channels.  While the film is primarily dialogue, you do get a good amount of ambiance especially during the scenes with a lot of people (the bank scene), but the film does showcase quite a bit of music from hip-hop to the \\"Beverly Hills Cop\\" Glenn Frey song \\"The Heat is On\\".<br /><br />Overall, a pretty solid lossless soundtrack.<br /><br />Subtitles are in English, English SDH, French and Spanish.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES<br /><br />\\"30 Minutes or Less\\" comes with the following special features:<br /><br />  Picture-in-Picture Video Commentary with Actors Jesse Eisenberg, Aziz Ansari, Danny McBride, Nick Swardson and Director Ruben Fleischer - A fun picture-in-picture audio commentary discussing  the improvisational scenes, shooting on location and information about their characters and challenges of shooting the film and more.<br />  Blowing Up with the Cast & Crew of 30 Minutes or Less - (14:08) The cast and crew talk about the improvisational moments of the film and the various talent involved in the film.<br />  The Perfect Crime: Action and Comedy in 30 Minutes Or Less (10:58) The cast and crew talk about the action and comedy of the film, behind-the-scenes footage and more.<br />  Deleted Scenes - (11:40) Featuring nine deleted scenes: Christopher Fires and Then Rehires Nick, Nick Wakes Up Late/Rear View Mirror, Dwayne and Travis Raid the Fridge, Dwayne's Dream Sequence, Nick Throws-Up at Side of Road, Nick and Chet Leave School/Chet Calls in Excuse, Chango F&(@$ Juicy, Nick Chases Chet, Dwayne Finds Major Wounded, and Vito's Commercial.<br />  Outtakes - (6:14) Featuring three improvisational outtakes - Travis Thinks the Major is Jacked, Chet Tells Nick Worse Ways To Die, Dwayne and Travis Talk Tanning Codes<br />  30 Minutes or Less PS3 Theme/Wallpaper - If you have a Sony PlayStation 3, you can install a \\"30 Minutes or Less\\" theme.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />Plenty of action and improvised humor, \\"30 Minutes or Less\\" is an entertaining popcorn comedy/action film!<br /><br />One would wonder where Jesse Eisenberg's career would go after the success of \\"The Social Network\\", as some actors would tend to focus on deeper films.  But I suppose you can say that Eisenberg has been an actor that has taken up roles where the protagonist is seen as awkward such as his role in \\"Adventureland\\" and \\"Zombieland\\".  But with \\"30 Minutes or Less\\", it's interesting to see him play a pizza delivery guy that has a bomb attached to him.<br /><br />In some ways, partnering Eisenberg with the fun and hilarious Anziz Ansari is rather intriguingas well.  Prior to watching the film, I was thinking..was this going to be another \\"Harold & Kumar\\" type of stoner comedy or was it going to be a something along the lines of a \\"Dude, Where's My Car?\\" type of film.  One thing I knew is that with Anziz Ansari and Nick Swardson being part of the film, there was going to be some interesting improvisational, crazy scenes.<br /><br />I enjoyed \\"30 Minutes or Less\\" in the fact that it was straightforward comedy/action.  One of those films that you don't take seriously, you just sit down and enjoy!  And see where the characters will take you, as they try to steal $100,000 and also try to remove the bomb attach to Nick's body.  What ensues is a lot of crazy twists and one wonders if there will be a sequel to this film, because I get a feeling that we have not seen the last of characters Nick and Chet.<br /><br />The Blu-ray release of \\"30 Minutes or Less\\" comes with a good amount of special features, a hilarious commentary and also insight on the improvisational scenes.  And keeping with the consistency of Sony Pictures Home Entertainment, picture quality was fantastic and the lossless soundtrack was quite appropriate for this comedy/action film.  While not overly immersive, there are good moments of surround sound use during the more action-driven scenes.<br /><br />Overall, if you are looking for a comedy/action film that you just want to sit back and enjoy and not take too seriously, then \\"30 Minutes or Less\\" is a film for you!s of a \\"Dude, Where's My Car?\\" type of film.  One thing I knew is that with Anziz Ansari and Nick Swardson being part of the film, there was going to be some interesting improvisational, crazy scenes.  I enjoyed \\"30 Minutes or Less\\" in the fact that it was straightforward comedy/action.  One of those films that you don't take seriously, you just sit down and enjoy!  And see where the characters will take you, as they try to steal $100,000 and also try to remove the bomb attach to Nick's body.  What ensues is a lot of crazy twists and one wonders if there will be a sequel to this film, because I get a feeling that we have not seen the last of characters Nick and Chet.  The Blu-ray release of \\"30 Minutes or Less\\" comes with a good amount of special features, a hilarious commentary and also insight on the improvisational scenes.  And keeping with the consistency of Sony Pictures Home Entertainment, picture quality was fantastic and the lossless soundtrack was quite appropriate for this comedy/action film.  While not overly immersive, there are good moments of surround sound use during the more action-driven scenes.  Overall, if you are looking for a comedy/action film that you just want to sit back and enjoy and not take too seriously, then \\"30 Minutes or Less\\" is a film for you!
0811879542|5.0|Press Here is the absolute best book I have purchased all year!  I'm a kindergarten Teacher and read this to my children at Mat Time and they loved it!  They listened to the intstructions for each page and tapped and clapped their way through the book.  This book is a MUST for every Pre school Teacher!  I Love it!
B005J4TLQG|5.0|Have you ever wondered why in sci-fi alien films, aliens tend to come in contact with young boys, military soldiers or a man or woman who ends up helping them in the end?<br /><br />Especially with alien infestation films, we always tend to see a perspective from either a family, government or military.  But what if an alien happened to come into contact with a gang in South London?  A troublesome gang from the block?<br /><br />That is the concept of the British alien infestation sci-fi action film with a great balance of horror and comedy featuring the directorial debut of from writer/actor Joe Cornish (\\"The Adventures of Tin Tin\\", \\"The Adam and Joe Show\\") and a film from Nira Park and James Wilson, producers of \\"Shaun of the Dead\\".<br /><br />And if there is one thing that can be said about \\"Attack the Block\\", it's a unique action film that has received primarily positive reviews from the critics and became a hit in the UK.  Although having a limited theatrical release in the United States (as US distributors worried about the South London accents of the cast), with the rave reviews the film has received, it's become one of the most highly anticipated Blu-rays for the fall season.  And now, \\"Attack the Block\\" makes its way to Blu-ray courtesy of Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.<br /><br />VIDEO:<br /><br />\\"Attack the Block\\" is presented in 1080p High Definition (2:40:1).  While the film is shot during the night, outdoors, inside a building, etc.  The film manages to have plenty of detail thanks to good lighting and careful cinematography courtesy of the talented Thomas Townend (\\"Ratcatcher\\", \\"Pride & Prejudice\\", \\"Morvern Callar\\").  Closes up of the faces of the characters showcase the really good makeup in depicting the scar that Moses gets from the first creature.  Closeups also showcase the details on a person's face, the blood splatters and more.<br /><br />I detected no banding, artifacts, edge enhancement or DNR.  Colors looked vibrant (especially that glow from the alien's teeth) and black levels were nice and deep.  \\"Attack the Block\\" looks magnificent on Blu!<br /><br />AUDIO & SUBTITLES:<br /><br />\\"Attack the Block\\" is presented in English and French 5.1 DTS HD-MA.  Let me just say that despite this feeling being a low-budget film, when it comes to audio, this film doesn't sound low budget at all!  The lossless soundtrack is fantastic!  From the opening fireworks that envelop the sky to the aliens crashing into the cars or hearing their jaws as they try to take a bite of Moses and the gang to the various gun shots, explosions and fireworks that are employed throughout the film, especially with its hip hop soundtrack, \\"Attack the Block\\" is an immersive film!<br /><br />There is plenty of action, from the aliens crashing into things while chasing the teenagers, the sounds of fireworks to the hip-hop bass-bumping music soundtrack and the music by Steven Price, \\"Attack the Block\\" sounds wonderful on Blu-ray!<br /><br />Subtitles are presented in English, English SDH and French.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES<br /><br />\\"Attack the Block\\" comes with the following special features:<br /><br />  Junior Audio Commentary  - Featuring filmmaker Joe Cornish doing a Q&A audio commentary with John Boyega (Moses), Alex Esmail (Pest), Leeon Jones (Jerome), Franz Drameh (Dennis) and Simon Howard (Biggz). Note: Because Joe Cornish has a pet peeve of how audio commentaries are done, hates pauses and stupid comments, he sets the tempo by asking prepared questions to the cast members.<br />  Senior Audio Commentary  - Featuring filmmaker Joe Cornish with Jodie Whitaker (Sam), Luke Treadway (Brewis), Nick Frost (Ron) along with John Boyega (Moses) and Alex Esmail (Pest).<br />  Executive Audio Commentary - Featuring filmmaker and Executive Producers Joe Cornish and Edgar Wright.<br />  Behind The Block - (1:01:23) Featuring a behind-the-scenes of \\"Attack the Block\\" from the casting of the characters, filming within certain days of theschedule, the challenging moments filmmaker Joe Cornish faced and more.<br />  Creature Feature - (20:24) A look at the creation of the alien creatures from its look, its movements, its rhythm and more.<br />  Meet the Gang - (4:08) Meet the young talent of \\"Attack the Block\\" as they talk about how they were cast and what they think about each other.<br />  Unfilmed Action - (4:58) Because this is Joe Cornish' debut as a filmmaker, he learned that he had to film within a budget which meant rewriting the script to fit the budget.  So, Joe Cornish explains what scenes were cut via showcasing the storyboards of the original script.<br />  That's A Rap - (2:26) Cast members of \\"Attack the Block\\" showcase their freestyle rap.<br />  Theatrical Trailers - Featuring the original UK trailer (2:06) and the US Redband trailer (2:42).<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />I have only heard the hype about this film and until I finally sat down and watched this film for myself, I can see why so many have raved about it.<br /><br />The first thing I did after watching this film is go to Facebook and Google+ to rave about how awesome \\"Attack the Block\\" is because the whole concept, the whole entire film based on a gang trying to survive an alien onslaught is rather fun and exciting to watch.<br /><br />And you have to give credit for the film's efficacy to Joe Cornish.  The writer/actor makes is filmmaking debut with \\"Attack the Block\\" and with him calling the shots, the first thing he asks for is not having actors trying to act like they are from South London, you have to find people who are from the troubled streets to make this film come alive.<br /><br />And what you have is a group of older teenagers who know how to talk smack, teenagers who seem like they are the real thing and most of all, making you feel the film is authentic.  And Cornish, no matter how many takes it took to make the scene work, his dedication to capturing the authenticity of people living in South London was impressive, realistic and lends to the enjoyability of this film.<br /><br />Many have described the film to \\"Goonies\\" but Goonies for the modern era.  And I can see the comparisons but one thing that makes this film so unique aside from its multiple use of slang is that in this film, none of the kids will be spared to the end.  Some will live, some will die but there is no happy ending in the sunset.<br /><br />And while \\"Attack the Block\\" is a sci-fi, action adventure type of film, there is also a message that goes into the crime that takes place in South London.  Almost, similar to a film such as \\"Boyz n the Hood\\" which goes into the politics of having people kill themselves in the hood, \\"Attack the Block\\" also makes the statement as these kids feel that no one is going to help them.  If the Block is going to be attacked and they are going to be killed by aliens, does it matter to anyone?  They are the poor, their location is where drug deals take place, people live miserably and now, they have a new danger that can kill them off but does anyone give a damn?<br /><br />Suffice to say, when we understand the living conditions that these people live in, we become sympathetic, especially as these group of teenagers do what they can to protect their block.<br /><br />Meanwhile, filmmaker Joe Cornish knows how to use comedy in a film that could very much be a dark \\"Goonies meets the Warriors meets Predator\\" in South London.  Comedy is the key to the enjoyment of this film and while you expect talent like Nick Frost (\\"Hot Fuzz\\", \\"Paul\\" and \\"Shaun of the Dead\\") to earn laughs, the surprise star is young Alex Esmail as Pest, and there is no doubt in my mind that we are going to see more of this young actor in the near future.<br /><br />Meanwhile, I also have to commend actor John Boyega for playing the stoic leader Moses (and is it me or does Boyega look like a young Denzel?).  Not bad for a young actor who discovered the audition for this film online and then eventually getting the part for the lead character role!<br /><br />If anything, it's the characters that make \\"Attack the Block\\" an enjoyable film.  The aliens, we know they are there...they look ugly, they'll thrash anything in their way but instead of focusing on the actual fear of trying to allude the aliens, Cornish was able to develop a character-driven screenplay in which everyone has their part in the film.  From the five gang members, Sam the nurse and even the drug dealers or drug buyer.  Everyone has a a chance to partake in the chaotic nature of the film but to accomplish it with a low budget, for the most part, I'm quite impressed.<br /><br />And as far as the Blu-ray is concerned, this is one hell of a release!  You get three audio commentary (and because Joe Cornish is a big fan of them, he makes sure to avoid the pitfalls of kitschy commentary by making sure dialogue is kept up throughout the film), an intriguing video diary of the making of the film from pre-production through the completion of filming and more. And the picture and audio quality of this release is fantastic!  If anything, this is one heck of a solid Blu-ray release and fans of the film will definitely be appreciative of the overall release.<br /><br />It's a shame that \\"Attack the Block\\" only received limited distribution in theaters in America, personally I don't think that the slang and South London accents affected my understanding of the film as it was easy to follow.  Sure, it could have had more scares but I found myself laughing and was literally captivated by the film from beginning to end.  And as far as the alien infestation goes, due to the success of the film, I get a feeling that it's not all over and we may see more of Moses, Pest and possibly Sam in the near future.  At least, I hope so!<br /><br />\\"Attack the Block\\" is highly recommended!m so unique aside from its multiple use of slang is that in this film, none of the kids will be spared to the end.  Some will live, some will die but there is no happy ending in the sunset.  And while \\"Attack the Block\\" is a sci-fi, action adventure type of film, there is also a message that goes into the crime that takes place in South London.  Almost, similar to a film such as \\"Boyz n the Hood\\" which goes into the politics of having people kill themselves in the hood, \\"Attack the Block\\" also makes the statement as these kids feel that no one is going to help them.  If the Block is going to be attacked and they are going to be killed by aliens, does it matter to anyone?  They are the poor, their location is where drug deals take place, people live miserably and now, they have a new danger that can kill them off but does anyone give a damn?  Suffice to say, when we understand the living conditions that these people live in, we become sympathetic, especially as these group of teenagers do what they can to protect their block.  Meanwhile, filmmaker Joe Cornish knows how to use comedy in a film that could very much be a dark \\"Goonies meets the Warriors meets Predator\\" in South London.  Comedy is the key to the enjoyment of this film and while you expect talent like Nick Frost (\\"Hot Fuzz\\", \\"Paul\\" and \\"Shaun of the Dead\\") to earn laughs, the surprise star is young Alex Esmail as Pest, and there is no doubt in my mind that we are going to see more of this young actor in the near future.  Meanwhile, I also have to commend actor John Boyega for playing the stoic leader Moses (and is it me or does Boyega look like a young Denzel?).  Not bad for a young actor who discovered the audition for this film online and then eventually getting the part for the lead character role!  If anything, it's the characters that make \\"Attack the Block\\" an enjoyable film.  The aliens, we know they are there...they look ugly, they'll thrash anything in their way but instead of focusing on the actual fear of trying to allude the aliens, Cornish was able to develop a character-driven screenplay in which everyone has their part in the film.  From the five gang members, Sam the nurse and even the drug dealers or drug buyer.  Everyone has a a chance to partake in the chaotic nature of the film but to accomplish it with a low budget, for the most part, I'm quite impressed.  And as far as the Blu-ray is concerned, this is one hell of a release!  You get three audio commentary (and because Joe Cornish is a big fan of them, he makes sure to avoid the pitfalls of kitschy commentary by making sure dialogue is kept up throughout the film), an intriguing video diary of the making of the film from pre-production through the completion of filming and more. And the picture and audio quality of this release is fantastic!  If anything, this is one heck of a solid Blu-ray release and fans of the film will definitely be appreciative of the overall release.  It's a shame that \\"Attack the Block\\" only received limited distribution in theaters in America, personally I don't think that the slang and South London accents affected my understanding of the film as it was easy to follow.  Sure, it could have had more scares but I found myself laughing and was literally captivated by the film from beginning to end.  And as far as the alien infestation goes, due to the success of the film, I get a feeling that it's not all over and we may see more of Moses, Pest and possibly Sam in the near future.  At least, I hope so!  \\"Attack the Block\\" is highly recommended!
B005BCE7FQ|5.0|My spouse and I bought this DVD for the grandkids to watch this weekend. So we previewed it last night to make sure it was okay for the 3 yr old. We watched this 95-minute movie and were thoroughly entertained! If you have a 3D TV, you MUST buy this movie...it will be the demo disk you want to show your guests.<br /><br />First, without going into detail about the plot, let me say that the feature moves along quickly throughout. The story develops and holds your attention. The opening Rio theme music is choreographed with a wide array of colorful birds and needs to be watched closely for clever details. The song itself is catchy and really good...better than what you find in the Lion King. There are only a handful of songs, and they are all very good and engaging.<br /><br />When Rafael, the toucan, takes Blu and Jewel to the top of a mountain for flying lessons, his 3D-beak magically emerges from the screen....just one of the several excellent 3D effects. The scene follows the two birds falling, then soaring, and finally landing on a crowded beach. Again, the 3D is incredible and the details are comical and beautiful at the same time. Another scene, which I think is a classic, involves the two riding atop a streetcar, trying to get to know each other. Rafael flies through the blossoming trees on the street, creating a shower of blossoms over the two love birds. This is done to the accompaniment of a serenade. Almost makes you want to go to Rio!<br /><br />Throughout this movie we laughed, and when we weren't laughing, sat there with wide grins soaking up the great vibes from this wonderful movie. Adults will enjoy the smart humor, and young kids will groove to the samba music and colorful birds. Definitely one of the best we've seen!<br /><br />Almost forgot, the movie is preceded by a short animation called 'Scrat's Continental Crack-Up'. You'll recognize Scrat from the Ice Age animations. This is short and VERY funny...a great prelude to a great movie.
B005HT400A|5.0|There is no denying that writer/filmmaker David Lynch has always shown a consistency in creating films of ecstatic creepiness.  But its his venture to the surreal, dark and ominous settings that separate him from other filmmakers.<br /><br />From his debut in 1977 with his surrealist film \\"Eraserhead\\" which has become a cult classic, to the sci-fi film \\"Dune\\" (1984) which paired him with actor Kyle MacLachlan for the first time,  the director would reach recognition for his TV series \\"Twin Peaks\\" (1990-1991).  And since \\"Twin Peaks\\", David Lynch has done quite well for himself, especially establishing him as one of the most notable filmmakers and screenwriters in American cinema.<br /><br />But if there is one film that fans of David Lynch have looked as a masterpiece in his oeuvre is the 1986 film \\"Blue Velvet\\".<br /><br />A film that probably is best not explaining but more of experiencing for its dark, ambiguous yet astonishing nature.  Unpredictable and surreal, \\"Blue Velvet\\" shows us a terrifying look at America in which characters may be normal during the day, but at night...Lynch unleashes paranoia and challenge your sensibility and quite literally... freak you out!<br /><br />VIDEO:<br /><br />\\"Blue Velvet\\" is presented in 1080p High Definition (2:35:1).  The film actually was supervised and color corrected by David Lynch, so what you get is a definitive look via HD of what David Lynch wanted.  Detail is amazing especially the use of the darker colors.  Cinematographer Frederick Elmes does a great job in capturing the surreal outlook of the film and for the most part, the darker hues look fantastic, detail on the clothing is noticeable and black levels are nice and deep.  I didn't notice any banding or artifacts, if anything, picture quality for this 1986 film doesn't look soft at all (I'm typically vocal about how many '80s films tend to look on Blu-ray), but \\"Blue Velvet\\" looks fantastic!<br /><br />AUDIO & SUBTITLES:<br /><br />\\"Blue Velvet\\" is presented in English 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio and Spanish Mono, French 5.1 DTS.  The lossless soundtrack lends to the eeriness of the film.  Dialogue is crystal clear as is the score by Angelo Badalamenti but the scene where you will hear immersive sound coming from the surround channels is during the Snow Club sequences.  Also, a few moments where LFE is used.<br /><br />Overall, this creepy soundtrack definitely comes to life via lossless!<br /><br />Subtitles are presented in English SDH, Spanish and French.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES<br /><br />\\"Blue Velvet\\" comes with the following special feature:<br /><br />  Newly Discovered Lost Footage - (51:42) New to this Blu-ray release is the lost footage that was found (ie. full frontal nudity).  All presented in HD.<br />  Mysteries of Love - (1:10:45) The original making-of featurette presented in standard definition.  Interviews with David Lynch and the cast of \\"Blue Velvet\\".<br />  Siskel & Ebert \\"At the Movies\\" Review - (1:30) A excerpt of George Siskel and Roger Ebert's review of \\"Blue Velvet\\" back in 1986.<br />  Vignettes - Featuring four vignettes (under one minute) \\"I Like Coffee Shops\\", \\"The Chicken Walk\\", \\"The Robin\\" and \\"Sita\\" with David Lynch, Kyle MacLachlan, Isabella Rossellini and more.<br />  Theatrical Trailer - (1:33:1)The original theatrical trailer for \\"Blue Velvet\\" in HD.<br />  TV Spots - Featuring two TV commercials for \\"Blue Velvet\\" (both are about 30 seconds long).<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />\\"Blue Velvet\\" is a magnificent, dark and seedy mystery film that showcases David Lynch's ability to take normalcy and twist it it around until it becomes weird or corrupt.  A film that resonates strongly with viewers especially at the time because compared to what American cinema was capable of at the time, \\"Blue Velvet\\" lacked the banality of typical American cinema.<br /><br />It was American cinema that showcased surrealism with wonderful efficacy and a storyline that literally creeps the viewer out with its fine performance by Kyle MacLachlan, Isabella Rosellini and most importantly, Dennis Hopper.  Suffice to say, this film was what reignited Hopper's career and earned the actor various film awards (Los Angeles Film Critics Association and National Society of Film Critics) for \\"Best Supporting Actor\\".<br /><br />But as I look back at the experience of \\"Blue Velvet\\" than and now, it was one of those films that had these flawed characters that could easily be involved in this seedy underworld.  Not only was the nightlife dark and ominous, just the scene as Frank is having sex with Dorothy is shocking.  But also to see Jeffrey being taken to that world where he also experiences pleasure and rage when he ends up in bed with Dorothy.  We witness an innocent man's corruption, where most viewers would expect the protagonist to become sort of hero to save the day, David Lynch is not the type of filmmaker to spoon-feed the viewer with what you would expect from cinema but to deliver the unexpected.  The sense of ambiguous characters in which you literally don't know the film will end.<br /><br />And it would be the style that he would carry on later for television and his films later on.  And as \\"Eraserhead\\" was an intriguing debut for David Lynch, \\"Blue Velvet\\" is the film that welcomed viewers to David Lynch's world of darkness, strange humor and unsettling surrealness.<br /><br />The Blu-ray release definitely delivers with its inclusion of the newly discovered lost footage and for those who enjoyed the film, could you imagine if any of these extra scenes did make it to the final cut of the film?  And as picture and audio quality are magnificent, I can easily say that this is the definitive version of \\"Blue Velvet\\" to date!<br /><br />David Lynch films are not for the squeamish, nor are they for those who expect traditional Hollywood cinema.  This film shocked viewers in 1986 and if you have never seen this film before, I wouldn't be surprised if it shocked you today.  It's a film that holds up quite well 25-years-later and is definitely a film for the true cineaste who love Lynch's work  that they will find worth owning.<br /><br />Highly recommended!ned the actor various film awards (Los Angeles Film Critics Association and National Society of Film Critics) for \\"Best Supporting Actor\\".  But as I look back at the experience of \\"Blue Velvet\\" than and now, it was one of those films that had these flawed characters that could easily be involved in this seedy underworld.  Not only was the nightlife dark and ominous, just the scene as Frank is having sex with Dorothy is shocking.  But also to see Jeffrey being taken to that world where he also experiences pleasure and rage when he ends up in bed with Dorothy.  We witness an innocent man's corruption, where most viewers would expect the protagonist to become sort of hero to save the day, David Lynch is not the type of filmmaker to spoon-feed the viewer with what you would expect from cinema but to deliver the unexpected.  The sense of ambiguous characters in which you literally don't know the film will end.  And it would be the style that he would carry on later for television and his films later on.  And as \\"Eraserhead\\" was an intriguing debut for David Lynch, \\"Blue Velvet\\" is the film that welcomed viewers to David Lynch's world of darkness, strange humor and unsettling surrealness.  The Blu-ray release definitely delivers with its inclusion of the newly discovered lost footage and for those who enjoyed the film, could you imagine if any of these extra scenes did make it to the final cut of the film?  And as picture and audio quality are magnificent, I can easily say that this is the definitive version of \\"Blue Velvet\\" to date!  David Lynch films are not for the squeamish, nor are they for those who expect traditional Hollywood cinema.  This film shocked viewers in 1986 and if you have never seen this film before, I wouldn't be surprised if it shocked you today.  It's a film that holds up quite well 25-years-later and is definitely a film for the true cineaste who love Lynch's work  that they will find worth owning.  Highly recommended!
B005H0IW6W|2.0|First off, let me start by saying that I am a Michael Buble fan, but this album is disappointing. I expected there to be more swingin' holiday tunes, but instead it's a pretty mellow collection. Most difficult to listen to were Silent Night, in which he omitted most of the ending consonants of the words (Silent nigh, holy nigh, all is cal, all is brigh . . . you get the idea), and Ave Maria - the pronunciation was just not that great. This might not be bad for a soft background track for the holidays, but there's really not a lot of substance to this collection, and technically, it's not that well done. If you want a swinging Christmas collection you will want to look elsewhere.
B003H9M1QM|5.0|It was 1941 and with Disney having its first successful animated film with \\"Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs\\" back in 1938, unfortunately its next two films \\"Pinocchio\\" and \\"Fantasia\\" would not be the big box office hits that Disney had wanted.  And partly that was because of World War II, as Disney would not be able to recoup through international screenings.<br /><br />In fact, the two films hurt Disney financially and now with the studio hurting, their fourth feature \\"Dumbo\\" was created with the idea of keep things economical with a tight budget and because of that, they had to focus on simplicity.  And that meant creating an animated film that is just a little over one-hour long.<br /><br />The animated film is based on a children's story by Helen Aberson and was illustrated by Harold Pearl and was featured as a \\"Roll-A-Book\\".  In 1939, Disney's head of merchandise licensing brought the Roll-A-Book to Walt Disney's attention and sure enough, Disney gave the greenlight for an animated short.  But because they were hurting financially, \\"Dumbo\\" was selected to help generate income and Disney relied on his storytellers, Dick Huemer and Joe Grant to being working on the plot of the film.<br /><br />So, following the rules of a strict budget and simplistic features, \\"Dumbo\\" was not a film that would feature the same production level as the first three films. No emphasis on character design, backgrounds were not as detailed  and utilized water colors and the film would feature less cells.  It's also one of the first Disney animated films where there is no cast list for its voice talent.<br /><br />\\"Dumbo\\" was released by distributor RKO Radio Pictures in 1941 and at first because of its short length, it did cause a brief riff between both Disney and RKO Productions but in the end, Disney won and the film was released during World War II and it was a financial success.  The film which cost around $813,000 to make (much cheaper than the previous three films) grossed $1.6 million in the box office and  would win an Academy Award for Original Musical Score and would receive re-releases in 1949, 1959, 1972 and 1976.  \\"Dumbo\\" was also well-received by film critics.<br /><br />Since its release, \\"Dumbo\\" has been considered a timeless Disney classic and will now be released in a 70th Anniversary Edition via Blu-ray and DVD release on Sept. 20th and will feature more special features compared to its 50th Anniversary and 60th Anniversary counterparts and also will feature restoration to bring the film to an audience wanting to watch this film in HD.<br /><br />VIDEO:<br /><br />With the success of \\"Snow White & the Seven Dwarfs\\", \\"Pinocchio\\" and \\"Fantasia\\" on Blu-ray and seeing how Disney went all out in the restoration and look of the film, needless to say, I had the highest expectations for \\"Dumbo\\".<br /><br />Presented in 1080p High Definition (1:33:1), let's just say that Disney once again, has done fans a great service by giving us one awesome restoration.<br /><br />And I know... many of us own multiple copies of \\"Dumbo\\" on DVD but this is Blu-ray, it's intro. to Blu-ray and as a 70th Anniversary release, it blows away any of the previous \\"Dumbo\\" releases on video.<br /><br />OK, sure...\\"Dumbo\\" was created simplistic and with a lower budget than the previous three films but the overall character designs are crisp and the background still look beautiful and well-balanced.  Colors are vibrant and there are no signs of artifacts, banding, edge enhancement or DNR.  This was a straight-up restoration in which Disney restored each cel and are giving us the best presentation of the film yet!<br /><br />\\"Dumbo\\" looks absolutely fantastic on Blu-ray and yes, even the drunken Dumbo scene looks vibrant than ever before.  I don't want to use the word \\"pristine\\" but for Disney fans, \\"Dumbo: 70th Anniversary\\" looks fantastic!<br /><br />AUDIO & SUBTITLES:<br /><br />When I saw that Disney gave fans an all new English 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack, I couldn't help but be happy about it!  The Blu-ray release also features the 2.0 English restored featured audio, French and Spanish 5.1 Dolby Enhanced Home Theater Mix (DEHT).<br /><br />But the 7.1 lossless soundtrack is fantastic.  From the opening scene with the thunder cracking, the rain and wind...you hear the sounds all around you. Dialogue for the film is crystal clear, as with the original musical soundtrack, it sounds awesome via lossless.  Granted, the film as I mentioned in the picture quality, this was a film created on a budget, kept simplistic on purpose but still, it was great to see how the music utilized the surround channels and for the most part, this is the best soundtrack for \\"Dumbo\\" yet!<br /><br />As for subtitles, \\"Dumbo: 70th Anniversary\\" is presented in English SDH, French and Spanish.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />\\"Dumbo: 70th Anniversary\\" comes with the following special features presented in HD (note: original DVD features that are on the Blu-ray are presented in standard definition):<br /><br />  Cine-Explore - Featuring a picture-in-picture section hosted by Pixard director Pete Docter, Disney hitorian Paul Sigman and Disney animator Andreas Deja.  Learn about the history of the film and how \\"Dumbo\\" saved Disney from financial ruin and more.<br />  DisneyView -  While watching the film, you can fill the black bars on the side by selecting the optional DisneyView which features paintings by Disney background artist James Coleman.  Also, features a brief interview with Coleman.<br />  \\"Celebrating Dumbo\\" - (14:53) Featuring a featurette with Deja, Roy E. Disney, Don Hahn, Rudy Behlmer and film critic Leonard Maltin talking about \\"Dumbo\\".<br />  Deleted Scenes: Featuring two deleted scenes \\"The Mouse's Tale\\" and \\"Are You a Man or a Mouse?\\" presented via storyboards.<br />  Taking Flight: The Making of Dumbo - (28:18) A journey back to the origins of the film as everybody`s favorite baby elephant takes wing.<br />  The Magic Of Dumbo: A Ride of Passage - (3:08)  Witness the excitement and magic of Disneyland`s most popular ride through the eyes of a child.<br />  Audio Commentary - Featuring audio commentary with Pete Docter, Paula Sigman and Andreas Deja<br />  Sound Design Excerpt from The Reluctant Dragon - (5:56) A classic featurette on the sound design for \\"The Reluctant Dragon\\".<br />  Original Walt Disney Television Introduction - (1:04) Featuring the classic TV introduction by Walt Disney.<br />  Animated Short: \\"Elmer Elephant\\" - (8:31) A 1936 Silly Symphony Short about Elmer and friends attending Tillie Tiger's sixth birthday party.  But what happens when Tillie's treehouse catches fire.<br />  Animated Short: \\"The Flying Mouse\\"  - (9:21) A 1934 Silly Symphony Short about a young mouse who tries to swing from leaves and fails.  He is is saved by a butterfly and now wants wings.<br />  \\"What Do You See?\\" Game - Featuring a image-scramble game which you can play via using your remote control.<br />  \\"What Do You Know?\\" Game - Featuring a trivia challenge which you can play via using your remote.<br />  Art Galleries - Featuring images in the following categories: Visual Development, Character Design, Layouts & Backgrounds, Storyboard Art, Production Pictures, Research Pictures, Publicity and from the Original Dumbo Storybook from 1941.<br />  Trailers - Featuring the original 1941 theatrical trailer and 1949 re-release trailer.<br /><br />EXTRAS:<br /><br />\\"Dumbo: 70th Anniversary\\" comes with a slipcover case and a DVD version of the feature film.  The DVD is presented in 1:33:1 aspect ratio, French and Spanish 5.1 Dolby Enhanced Home Theater Mix (DEHT), 2.0 English restored featured audio, subtitles in English, English SDH, French and Spanish subtitles.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />\\"Dumbo\\" is a Disney animated classic which my wife and I have purchased countless versions on VHS and DVD and it has been a favorite of ours.  Especially now that we have a son,it's a film that we can share with our child and now enjoy especially with this beautiful restoration that Disney had given to this film.<br /><br />Beautiful and vibrant, when I first watched this film on Blu-ray, I couldn't help but see how clear everything looked.  But so far, Disney has not disappointed me because with the release of \\"Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs\\", \\"Pinocchio\\", \\"Fantasia\\", \\"Bambi\\" and several other films, Disney has really gone all out with these Blu-ray releases and also giving fans the best looking and sounding versions of these Disney animated classics yet.<br /><br />\\"Dumbo\\" is a touching story and I can remember as a child wondering if the fate of Dumbo's mother would be similar to Bambi's situation.  And then watching it again as a college student and wondering what was the motivation towards the drunken dream sequence.  But having watched this film for countless times during my near 30+ years, this animated film is timeless.  I never get bored of it and as mentioned, I have purchased nearly every video release of this film since it's 50th Anniversary and I can only wonder how Disney will outdo themselves when this film reaches its 100th Anniversary.<br /><br />But still, this is the definitive version of \\"Dumbo\\" to own at this time.  And if I was asked if there was any faults of this release, it's not more of faults but for one, \\"Dumbo\\" is not as detailed as the previous three films because Disney was hurting financially at the time and the film was made on a budget and was made to be simplistic.  Not that it's a bad thing but for those who admire the first three films for its beautiful artwork, one has to understand that Disney had to make cost-cutting decisions for \\"Dumbo\\".<br /><br />The other thing is that with the other three releases, Disney really went all out in special features.  Not to say that there aren't many in the 70th Anniversary release for \\"Dumbo\\" because there are a good number of special features including the really cool \\"Cine-Explore Experience\\" but in terms of what is featured in the first three releases on Blu-ray compared to what is included in \\"Dumbo\\", the other three definitely offered much more bonus content.<br /><br />But of course, that is me being spoiled by the first three releases on Blu-ray and if I haven't watched those Blu-ray's, I would still feel the sheer number of new and older special features included in this release would be nothing short of  magnificent.<br /><br />With that being said, \\"Dumbo: 70th Anniversary\\" is a fantastic, timeless Disney animated classic and because Disney really went all out in terms of look and sound, this Blu-ray release deserves to be watched and owned by fans of the film!<br /><br />Highly recommended!Pete Docter, Paula Sigman and Andreas Deja    Sound Design Excerpt from The Reluctant Dragon - (5:56) A classic featurette on the sound design for \\"The Reluctant Dragon\\".    Original Walt Disney Television Introduction - (1:04) Featuring the classic TV introduction by Walt Disney.    Animated Short: \\"Elmer Elephant\\" - (8:31) A 1936 Silly Symphony Short about Elmer and friends attending Tillie Tiger's sixth birthday party.  But what happens when Tillie's treehouse catches fire.    Animated Short: \\"The Flying Mouse\\"  - (9:21) A 1934 Silly Symphony Short about a young mouse who tries to swing from leaves and fails.  He is is saved by a butterfly and now wants wings.    \\"What Do You See?\\" Game - Featuring a image-scramble game which you can play via using your remote control.    \\"What Do You Know?\\" Game - Featuring a trivia challenge which you can play via using your remote.    Art Galleries - Featuring images in the following categories: Visual Development, Character Design, Layouts & Backgrounds, Storyboard Art, Production Pictures, Research Pictures, Publicity and from the Original Dumbo Storybook from 1941.    Trailers - Featuring the original 1941 theatrical trailer and 1949 re-release trailer.  EXTRAS:  \\"Dumbo: 70th Anniversary\\" comes with a slipcover case and a DVD version of the feature film.  The DVD is presented in 1:33:1 aspect ratio, French and Spanish 5.1 Dolby Enhanced Home Theater Mix (DEHT), 2.0 English restored featured audio, subtitles in English, English SDH, French and Spanish subtitles.  JUDGMENT CALL:  \\"Dumbo\\" is a Disney animated classic which my wife and I have purchased countless versions on VHS and DVD and it has been a favorite of ours.  Especially now that we have a son, it's a film that we can share with our child and now enjoy especially with this beautiful restoration that Disney had given to this film.  Beautiful and vibrant, when I first watched this film on Blu-ray, I couldn't help but see how clear everything looked.  But so far, Disney has not disappointed me because with the release of \\"Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs\\", \\"Pinocchio\\", \\"Fantasia\\", \\"Bambi\\" and several other films, Disney has really gone all out with these Blu-ray releases and also giving fans the best looking and sounding versions of these Disney animated classics yet.  \\"Dumbo\\" is a touching story and I can remember as a child wondering if the fate of Dumbo's mother would be similar to Bambi's situation.  And then watching it again as a college student and wondering what was the motivation towards the drunken dream sequence.  But having watched this film for countless times during my near 30+ years, this animated film is timeless.  I never get bored of it and as mentioned, I have purchased nearly every video release of this film since it's 50th Anniversary and I can only wonder how Disney will outdo themselves when this film reaches its 100th Anniversary.  But still, this is the definitive version of \\"Dumbo\\" to own at this time.  And if I was asked if there was any faults of this release, it's not more of faults but for one, \\"Dumbo\\" is not as detailed as the previous three films because Disney was hurting financially at the time and the film was made on a budget and was made to be simplistic.  Not that it's a bad thing but for those who admire the first three films for its beautiful artwork, one has to understand that Disney had to make cost-cutting decisions for \\"Dumbo\\".  The other thing is that with the other three releases, Disney really went all out in special features.  Not to say that there aren't many in the 70th Anniversary release for \\"Dumbo\\" because there are a good number of special features including the really cool \\"Cine-Explore Experience\\" but in terms of what is featured in the first three releases on Blu-ray compared to what is included in \\"Dumbo\\", the other three definitely offered much more bonus content.  But of course, that is me being spoiled by the first three releases on Blu-ray and if I haven't watched thoseBlu-ray's, I would still feel the sheer number of new and older special features included in this release would be nothing short of  magnificent.  With that being said, \\"Dumbo: 70th Anniversary\\" is a fantastic, timeless Disney animated classic and because Disney really went all out in terms of look and sound, this Blu-ray release deserves to be watched and owned by fans of the film!  Highly recommended!
B005DOKL3E|1.0|I didn't have this thing 30 days before the zipper broke with my kindle fire inside.  I had to cut it free.  I found an old paper pad leather case I used to carry to meetings.  (remember paper?)  My kindle fits fine in it and it has NO zipper, just a leather clip.  with 4 layers of leather, I am sure it will protect the kindle better than this thing did.  I ordered this sleeve before the reviews started coming in.  I should have come back and read the comments after I got it.  Amazon can do better than this!  I expect it.  I plan to buy at least 2 kindles for my friends and family for xmas.  I will read the reviews for the sleeves VERY carefully.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|Ive got nothing against Harry Potter but by having Ultra Violet for the Digital Copy, the experience gets worst. Ive no problem having a digital copy via iTunes. But for this, WTF?! I pay extra so I can play at home and on the road. But this just wrong. Forcing this way to get the digital copy is just plain wrong.
B002T9H2LA|4.0|OK, let me start with what makes it great.<br />+M&eacute;lanie Laurent- Very talented young lady.  Does a superb job here.<br />+Christoph Waltz- Could anyone ever be a better villain?  I don't think so.  He does such a good job making us hate him.  Especially the first scene where he's talking with the farmer.<br />+Quentin Tarantino-  He does a fantastic job with the cinematography and I love how he breaks it down into \\"acts.\\"<br /><br />Downfalls<br />- Brad Pitt.  To me, this was a horrible choice.  I would have rather had a no name actor b/c I expected so much more from someone of his caliber.  He just fell so flat on his face here.<br />- BJ Novak.  Way too much face time for him in the movie.<br />- Alternate history ending.  I just don't get it.  I know this is a remake and maybe that's the way the other one ended, but it just didn't do anything for me.<br /><br />Now, even though this movie had some detracting issues, it was still pretty strong.  I enjoyed this movie a lot.  Not one to watch again and again, but definitely very entertaining.
0802473156|5.0|myself as well as my wife were able to learn so much from this book. it was quite amazing and i truely do believe that it was one of the most useful tools when it came to saving and strengthing our relatitionship.
0061914177|4.0|Purchased the book. Found it an easy read, with lots of good (and helpful) information in it. Gary's down-to-earth, straight-forward writing on the subject of cashing in on your passion is inciteful.  He has a \\"no-nonsense\\" approach to getting you motivated about using the \\"free\\" tools available to anyone who is willing to make a go at it. Before reading the book, there was so much avaialable that I was not aware of.  I actually sent my copy to friend.  I gave the book four stars.  Well written!
037582913X|5.0|I purchased this book along with a 14\\" grover doll for my nephew/godson for his first birthday gift. It is one of my alltime favorite books from childhood, and in my humble opinion, EVERY child should own this book! So much fun. I recommend buying it along with the grover doll (also on amazon). Combined, it really is the PERFECT gift!<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000BGT5YK Gund Sesame Street 14\\" Grover]]
B0063IH60K|3.0|what a great app to play when l have time to kill while waiting. its been fun playing without having to get to involved
6303109950|4.0|I realy enjoyed this movie.  Kurt Russel has always been one of my favorites, however I think Val Kilmar stole the movie. It had everythin you would want in a western.
B000HZGBLA|4.0|The planets are aligning and some pretty wierd stuff is going on in Lara's understairs cupboard*. The very fabric of time is under threat and if she wants to save the world from the evil clutches of the Illuminati, she's going to have to get her skates on (not to mention an industrial-grade bra).<br /><br />I have long been absolutely mad on the whole TR concept and, when this - the first film - was announced, I awaited it with great anticipation, although I was a little sceptical about the idea of Angelina Jolie playing Ms Croft. In all respects, though, this film easily achieves its goals and satisfies expectations.<br /><br />The look of it is spectacular. It could easily have been spoiled by an inadequate budget or miserly set design, but really it looks fantastic.  Kick-ass action sequences, globe trotting locations and sumptuously stunning sets. Most importantly, the film tries very hard to remain faithful to the game series (and succeeds). The sets and story-line retain the (slightly corny) mysticism of the game, there are are some very TR-RPG camera angles and even the colouring and lighting seem to be strongly reminiscent.<br /><br />Overall I think Ms Jolie does a fine job as the title character - she is acceptably English, suitably athletic, and appropriately pneumatic \\"up front\\" - a very convincing Lara Croft. It's nice to see Daniel Craig, Chris Barrie, Ian Glen, Julian Rhind-Tutt and even Leslie Phillips all playing their parts in support. I do feel that the producers rather overdid the \\"Englishness\\" of the film and the various players (pandering to the American audience, my inner bigot tells me) but one can't have everything and I suppose that the original Lara was in some ways a stereotypical Brit.<br /><br />The film makes a nice addition to the TR franchise and, if you can forgive it it's rather simple-minded storyline and some enormous plot-holes (if the Illuminati can't find the artifact without Lara's help, and Lara doesn't want the Illuminati to find the atifact, then why does she end up helping them to find it?) it's a diverting and entertaining interlude. I'm afraid one cannot say exactly the same of the [[ASIN:B00008KDHK follow-on]], however.<br /><br />Best line in the film? \\"You stole my prayer wheels!\\" Now, try and work that one into a conversation...<br /><br />* Does that sound like a double entendre? I must apologise.<br /><br />Bryce: So, time to save the universe again then, is it?<br />Lara: Absolutelynd up helping them to find it?) it's a diverting and entertaining interlude. I'm afraid one cannot say exactly the same of the [[ASIN:B00008KDHK follow-on]], however.  Best line in the film? \\"You stole my prayer wheels!\\" Now, try and work that one into a conversation...  * Does that sound like a double entendre? I must apologise.  Bryce: So, time to save the universe again then, is it?   Lara: Absolutely
6304091931|4.0|I think this movies was very good as I expected it to be and it arrived on the dates you gave me
B003U0AHBO|5.0|This movie is great!!!! Very original story line. Not the same old Robin Hood story. But all the things you love about Robin Hood is here: Little John, Maid Marion, stealing from the rich for the poor, etc.  Very realistic take on this great character.
B00006I53S|4.0|I have had my lens now for about a year. To be honest, I haven't been blown away or anything. I have been using it on my xti(which is 5 years old now) and it has certainly been better than the kit lenses. The other day I put t onto a 7d and had much sharper cleaner pictures. Now I just have to save for a new body... dang.   Pretty close focusing which is nice for some macro shooting. IS is pretty good to about 1/10. Just took some pictures in the sierras and they did come out pretty sharp. I would recommend this lens based on price if that is your concern. If you can swing a few more bills for an L than do it!
1250004349|5.0|Although I live in Paris as an American ex-pat, I'm not familiar with all the history. I have to say this book was WONDERFUL. I couldn't put the book down.  I did not realize I lived so close to the actual area where they rounded up the children. So, I went to visit all the places mentioned in the book. It was quite moving emotional experience. There is a monument next to the Seine, which you would not know it existed unless you stumbled across it. As for the arena it no longer exists.  This is history is not talked much, because it is a shameful past. So, I'm glad the author brought it back to life to remind us we can't let history repeat itself. EXCELLENT READING!
B004JZBGWI|5.0|Makes it so.easy to make check lists!  It goes to good use since Christmas is near . Its also great to jot dwn a quick note when you need to!
B004A8ZWVK|4.0|I read the book and just recently saw the movie. The book is much better than the movie. I did not grow up in the Civil Rights era, plus I grew up in mostly in Europe. But reading this made me feel a better understanding of that era. I felt anger at the way the \\"help\\" were treated, and also realized this probably still exists today in alot of 3rd world countries.  Surprisingly, I find the book quite relevant today in US as well, with the gap between the rich and poor becoming wider. Truly excellent reading!
B0060AY6FO|4.0|I can understand why the reviews of this book are all over the map. It's certainly not a Regency Romance/Mystery; though it is a mystery, and it does make use of Jane Austen's characters.  What it really is is an exploration of the English legal system in the early 19th century. Wickham has been arrested - no surprise there - for a crime committed on the grounds of Pemberley. Everything in the novel evolves from there: Who will investigate? How does an inquest function?  How will he be tried? By what court? What about the punishment? What if he's innocent? You get the idea. This is an area of interest to the author, and she uses this novel to explore it.   All of that being said, the Jane Austen characters presented here are absolutely \\"spot on.\\" I laughed out loud on several occasions because their actions and words were so true to Austen's creations. The descriptions of Pemberley, the preparations for a ball, the class system and the relationships within it are all very well done.   I enjoyed it.
B00198X0WW|1.0|This DVD would not play and displayed a copy write infringement. I would like to know why and should I report  it to the authorities.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|Product is well made, attractive and offers protection for the Kindle Fire. The Kindle Fire clips in and is very secure. I would highly recommend this product.
0920668372|5.0|I couldn't believe it when I actually saw negative reviews for this book. What the heck? I guess no matter how amazing a book is there are people out there that are just idiots.<br /><br />The first time I read this book was when I was pregnant with my son, and I was in the book store. It made me cry, and then when I read it to my kids I would cry each time, and now I read it to my nephew and still it brings tears. This is a classic book that will last the ages, and is a must have in your children's, grandchildrens, nieces, nephews, collection. Truly an amazing book, and for those that wrote negative reviews must have issues with actually loving your child so much you never want to let them go.<br /><br />Thank you so much for bringing this book to us all.
B006MBX90O|5.0|This series continues to impress. Only this week -- the teen actors, plus the gay couple stole the show. The campy gay partner had a great moment of banter with Jessica Lange's character as she spouted typical homophobic rubbish. He had great lines and went toe-to-toe with her. The actor who plays Tate was extremely good playing the demented and troubled youth. And Violet gave a strong performance as well.<br /><br />Although I enjoyed the episode, most of the original characters have now, um, transitioned. It will be interesting to see what direction the show takes as a result.
0340896965|5.0|Very happy with this purchase, book was good quality.  will be buying again. took a little while to receive, but happy enough in the end. thanks.
0307949486|4.0|I'll preface this by saying I'm not a big reader these days - I'm lucky if I get through 1 book a year!  But I had heard SO much about this story and I love a good mystery/thriller, so I made this my choice for this year.  I will say my hopes were really high for this book after all the buzz, but I was left a bit disappointed.  First of all, the first 100 or so pages are ridiculously tedious and boring, but once you get past the boring business section and into the real meat of the story, it really picks up and grabs you for a long time.  However, for me, the twists and reveals at the end were just anti-climactic.  I am hoping that the movies will be better - when you are trying to remember the Vanger family tree throughout the book and who all is related to whom, etc it takes away from some of the enjoyment.  Plus, I just felt that there wasn't enough character development for some of the characters.  Overall a good read, but due to the hype, I was disappointed.  Can't wait to see both the Swedish and American movies though!
0140067477|5.0|This book was very enlightening and I read it within a day. Also, when I received this book, it was in great condition and was shipped very fast. :)
0307352145|4.0|The problem with introverts is extroverts.  And vice versa.  But Susan Cain lends both parties an empathetic - and for introverts, an especially sympathetic - ear and hand.  Perhaps the deeper problem is that introverts feel and are made to feel like they have to change to become more extroverted in order to be genuine leadership material.  Her book Quiet: The Power Of Introverts In A World That Can't Stop Talking demonstrates that extroverts are not predestined to succeed or lead any more than anyone else.  It is also a disservice to label introverts as shy, hermit-like, sheepish, home-bodies, over-sensitive, or neurotic with an inferiority complex.<br /><br />What matters most is relationships and connectedness, and the two personality types are equally yet uniquely capable of achieving both.  Using some old terminology stripped from the plethora of personality tests (Snyder's Self-Monitoring, the Jungian Myers-Briggs, Elaine Aron's Highly Sensitive Person , Allport's Ascendance/Submission) and embellishing with a newer nomenclature (\\"restorative niches\\", \\"free trait agreement\\"), Cain succeeds at proving that introverts are not antisocial or non-verbal.  They are otherwise-social and alternatively-verbal.  And since the world is not yet ready to accommodate them in the calmer, quieter ways they need, introverts must occasionally and temporarily alter their own styles without completely foresaking their own sanity and identity.<br /><br />This is the handbook for those individuals who whisper, rather than proclaim, their directives and suggest, rather than shout, their plan of action.
B004CFBMRY|5.0|I picked up a copy of this book [[ASIN:B006A63UNM Running 101 - Health, Fitness and Fun - A Workout for the Mind and Body]] after reading BORN TO RUN. Chris takes you on a wonderful journey in his book, and the characters are almost like friends. It really was an inspiration for me and my whole family because we passed it around.   There really is a lot to learn about running and after reading my latest purchase there's no lack of motivation for me now!  I'm taking it slow but at least I'm out there running, sweating and feeling good about it.
B003Y5H5FG|2.0|There were some very interesting scenes in the version of 'Fright Night' and this director directed 'Lars and the Real Girl', one of my all time favorite films, but ultimately the movie as a whole was a waste of time and money. Make no mistake this movie is not really a 'remake', it's more of a re-imagining. It has the same characters, but other than Charlie and his girlfriend they have completely lost what made them so endearing to audiences in the first one. Evil Ed is boring, Jerry Dandridge is just a killing machine with no personality to speak of and Peter Vincent was more like Russell Brand in the 'Arthur' movie. I couldn't have cared less about what happened to him. In the original you wanted Peter to win, not only over Jerry but overcome his fears and grow up. That was good writing. This film feels as though the writer had no real affection for the original and just slap dashed something together to make it more 'hip' and current. Big mistake. There is certainly nothing wrong with making it more current, after all it was made in 1984 and the soundtrack and disco scene seem dated. But for God sake why are you trying to fix something that isn't broken? I also suspect that a long list of overpaid studio morons put in their two cents to further complicate matters. So, I'm not surprised at what a mess it was. I should have suspected something when the movie started and I was the only one in the theater.
B0043A0PXU|1.0|I'll risk the wrath of the Annie Lennox adherents, I'm sure, but the reason that fans of her music and voice are handing out abysmal reviews is because this is a very-badly recorded album, which suffers from a severe case of 'digital-itis'. No, I'm not attacking Annie, and her cause is a worthy one, but buyers should be aware that this is perhaps the worst-sounding recording in a collection (mine) that includes over 2000 CDs and almost as many records.   Readers, I cannot stress too much the importance and value of a properly-recorded Cd or album. A poorly-recorded CD can sound harsh, tinny, and grating to the ears, and it's unfortunate that this CD is all of that. Let's face it: who would buy a CD only to turn around and hand it a dismal review? I certainly didn't intend to write a one-star review, but the abysmal audio quality makes this an utterly unlistenable recording that completely mars any possible enjoyment that one might extract from Ms. Lennox's performance. What's more, I often forgive badly recorded CDs, simply because they're in the majority and I'd rather concentrate on the music, but this one has me putting fingers to keyboard for a reason -- the problems with this recording are beyond ignorable.   The careful reader will note that I've avoided commenting on Ms. Lennox's performance; there's good a reason for that. This CD was so bright, so grating to the ears, that I had to shut it off after 5 songs.   A previous reviewer that attempted to bypass the CD's faults and purchase the LP is commended for her/his efforts, but given that the problem still exists on vinyl, the problem will not go away -- that's because the problem exists at the beginning, not the end of the recording/reproduction chain. The problem may be at the actual recording session, or at the mastering of the CD or LP, but this is a definite technical issue.   The audio engineering of 'A Christmas Cornucopia' is simply an example of why digital recording needs to be a carefully wroughtart, because in the wrong hands it can indeed make an artist sound like all the things described here: screechy, hoarse, etc.   So who's to blame? The CD's credits list the culprit as follows: 'engineered and mixed by Mike Stevens'. I don't know Mr. Stevens' previous work, but this can't be counted among them.   Sadly, Annie Lennox is the real victim of this awful recording, not the perpetrator, however, as co-producer she does have to take at least some responsibility for this prime example of engineering incompetence.   But all in all, recording engineer Mike Stevens owes fans an apology.
B003UESJF6|5.0|OK, I admit I may be a bit biased, here, as I've always been a fan of the superhero genre, and this movie is based on that. However, unlike [[ASIN:B0060D4BW4 The Incredibles]] (another of my favorite kids' movies), in this movie you will find yourself cheering for the villain! Will Ferrel provides the voice talent for the movie's protagonist, Megamind. In the opening sequence of the movie, you learn why this alien castaway developed into a villain, rather than a hero. Building up sympathy for him right from the start, viewers will find themselves drawn to the spectacular hi-jinks of this eccentric villain who has a flair for dramatic appearances. When Megamind seemingly eliminates his arch-foe, Metro Man (voiced by Brad Pitt), he finds himself, suddenly, without a cause. After a life spent in conflict with this opponent, what's a villain to do with no hero to tussle with anymore? Well, create a new hero, of course!<br /><br />With laughs thoroughly scattered throughout the movie and great animation work, this is one of those few kids' movies that, after viewing, I knew I'd be picking up to own. Good story, good animation, good humor, good voice casting, and an all-around great production! Highly recommended!
B0036EH3U2|5.0|I can't speak highly enough about this show, it's easily in my personal top 5. As to the blu ray set, the quality is superb, the packaging is excellent, and there are so many extras I'll probably never get through it all. Besides adding my rating to the pool, I wanted to create this review to speak to a couple of other issues I read about in previous ones.  In my set, \\"Razor\\" is included in the season 4 case as the first disc, and \\"The Plan\\" has it's own case, and is placed at the end of the 4 seasons, so it appears that issue has been fixed.  Also, I haven't had any audio sync issues at all. Everything is crystal clear and awesome, so I guess that issue has been fixed as well.  My only gripe is that the \\"Resistance\\" webisodes are on the second disc of season three, and it seems like they could have put them on disc 1 since they should be viewed before the start of season 3. It was annoying having to swap discs around to watch chronologically, but not enough to take a star away.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|Even though Steve Carell has his name in big letters on the cover of this movie, you'd never guess that's him voicing the lead character. Since he voices the character (a mad scientist, of sorts) with a strange sort of Germanic accent, he sounds nothing like himself! I guess that can be a boon as well as a negative. At least I didn't have a mental picture of the Michael Scott character from [[ASIN:B0009VBTP0 The Office: Season One]] interfereing with my enjoyment of this movie!<br /><br />Basically, this movie is about a couple of competing scientists who are always trying to one-up each other, in terms of pulling off some tech-based theft. The story's main protagonist employs the unwitting assistance of several small orphan girls to help him pull off a heist, but in the process, learns the value of friendship and love - something that's been missing from his life for a long time.<br /><br />There are plenty of laughs, some feel-good moments by the end of the movie,and the animation and voice acting is well-executed. Overall, a very entertaining movie for a family movie night!
B004YF6MHW|2.0|I got this app when it was on sale for 10 cents. I think it's overpriced at that price. The effects are cheesy. The UI is painful. As another reviewer said, any of the effects could be had in another free app. Disabling the shutter sound does not work correctly. I wish I had bought through the Android store, rather than the Amazon store, so I could have gotten a refund immediately after installing. Absolute garbage unless you want to make cheesy lookin photos for your Facebook account.
6304698623|1.0|The book is my very favorite ever. It touched me deeply as a child, and even as an adult I dust off my old hardcover and reread it every few years. The movie was a profound disappointment--a cotton candy-like ball of Hollywood fluff more worthy of the Olsen sisters than an adaptation of one of the best novels ever written.<br /><br />Many details of the story were changed, an overhaul I would endorse if the new stuff were compelling. I personally do not feel movies need to slavishly follow books, as a great director can bring a fresh eye to a classic story, making it his own. But here, every addition or change was pointless and served only to diminish the power of the story. As just one example, in the original story--where hunger was a major theme--Sara gives a starving illiterate scullery maid a meat pie to eat. In this movie, it seems to be about lack of luxury footwear: Sarah gives the servant a pair of Mae West style fur-trimmed slippers with a note that says, \\"Let's be friends.\\"<br /><br />But it's not the minor details that result in this movie becoming a tragic dumbing down of a great classic, it's the big ones. The main message of the movie is a jawdroppingly meaningless platitude:\\"every girl is a princess.\\" The original, by contrast, was about one exceptional girl whose beautiful soul and empathy for others continued even as she was transformed overnight from a rich, pampered elite boarder to a pauper. In the book, her self-control and nobility of spirit made her a princess, no matter her circumstances. Lesson to little girls: It's what's inside that matters.<br /><br />For those who love the book, I highly recommend the BBC version starring Amelia Shankley. This beautiful, realistic and haunting version brought tears to my eyes. I watched it for the first time last night on YouTube simply because I had to cleanse myself from the insipid Cuar&oacute;n version. I recommend that anyone reading this skip the intermediate step and pass right to the BBC version, which is also available through Amazon on DVD:[[ASIN:B001T46T8I A Little Princess]].mazon on DVD:[[ASIN:B001T46T8I A Little Princess]].
B004JN1CW4|4.0|The final book in the Maze Runner Trilogy ended the series nicely. It didn't have quite the punch the previous two books had, but I'm not sure what else he could have done. I certainly don't think he should have just stuck them all in another test like he did with book two (the same way The Hunger Games did with book two... I see a trend here). But one thing I struggled with throughout all the books is the big question of why. Why were these kids subjected to these horrific acts inside and outside the maze? And I don't feel like Mr. Dashner quite answered that question satisfactorily for me. Too much of the plot seemed forced. Sure it's cool to put kids through all this torture (from a reader's perspective), but I never felt the reasons were solid enough. BUT if you ignore all that, and just enjoy the ride, it was a fun series. I would still recommend reading it, just be aware that it may not be all tied up in a neat package by the end.
0756405890|5.0|This book is by far one of the best fantasy reads that I've had in quite some time.  I was visiting Portland, Oregon and went to Powell's (which for those who don't know, it is a book store that literally covers a city block!  AMAZING!).  When I was looking at the likes of George R. R. Martin, there was a recommendation that if I liked this, that I should check out Patrick Rothfuss' The Name of the Wind.  Well, I did end up buying the book, and needless to say I have not been disappointed.  I am a self-admitted book worm, through and through, but rarely does a book take hold of me like this one does!  I ate this book down in a little over a week, and although I am an avid reader, I am not one for polishing off an almost 700 page book so quickly, however, this book was so absolutely captivating that I could not put it down!  Literally - I had bruises on my hands for holding onto this book and reading it, for hours on end!  Patrick, I hope that you're reading this review, and I want to extend a deep, heartfelt thank you for such an amazing book.  An absolutely entertaining world, with wonderfully thought out characters and one of the most absolutely well thought out stories that I have had the pleasure of reading.  You are up there with my all time favorite authors - Zelazny, Anne Bishop, George R. R. Martin, etc etc.  The list goes on - but you are definitely one of the top choices!  I cannot wait until your next book comes out (the third in the trilogy, as I have already finished the second book!) and I hope to maybe see you at a convention or bookstore somewhere in my area sometime soon so that I can shake your hand and give you my most heartfelt thanks for this absolutely amazing book!
B005QUQP76|4.0|Plugged M60 into a XP machine.  Waiting on new PC to arrive.  XP recognized M60 without issue.  Box for M60 contains nothing but mouse, warranty card and a quick start guide.  The quick start guide has 4 or 5 fold out pages with pictures of how to plug the mouse into a USB port.  That's it.  Nothing else.  No driver CD.  The guide has link info to Corsair website only.  Going to the website to download drivers is confusing.  The drivers are there, but you have to dig around the website to find them.   Installed M60 drivers into XP.  No problem. Without making any changes to the default settings to mouse, I tested the driver package functionality.  Meh.  The DPI adjustment settings work OK.  I did find that the \\"Sniper\\" button does not adjust after changing the settings in the program.  No difference whether button is pushed or not.  I rebooted XP to see if that would affect the mouse/driver changes.  No.  As of right now, the sniper button is useless.  Go to the Cosair website forums and find the mouse/keyboard thread.  There are MANY comments on the driver package as released.  I bought the mouse with the expectation that one of the biggest features that make this mouse standout was the sniper button.  The sniper button does not work yet.  Yeesh.  Come on Corsair.  We would have waited until after Christmas to get a fully functioning as described mouse.  Get to it.  The ergonomic layout of the mouse feels good to my hand.  It is right sized, curved just right for the right handed.  The left/right button actuation feels good.  The action of the mouse wheel is just OK.  I thought that it would have an extra special ultra mechanical weighty feel to it.  To me, it feels like any other mouse wheel.  Nothing extraordinary.  The front/back buttons on the left side (to me) feel like they're set back just a little too far.  I have to move my thumb a little more than usual to the rear, and I can already feel the muscle/tendon unfamiliarity taking it's toll.  Not a deal breaker, just my 2 cents.  My last mouse had perfect position for front/back.  I do like the matte black tacky rubberized feel to the mouse exterior.  I do like the general overall feel.  Overall I am pleased, but just so.  I may be making myself feel pleased to justify the cost.    Cosair needs to fix some of the software/sniper button issues ASAP.  One of the main selling point features of this mouse is not working.  Can I recommend this mouse?  I'm torn right now.  There is no joy in Mudville today for me.  Once the software is up to speed and the mouse is working as advertised than yes, I will recommend it.  I hate being a early adopter sometimes.  I expect things to work as advertised.  I do not like waiting for patches.  Sorry, I paid my money, I expect quality.  Almost forgot, the website (or anyother place) at the time of this writing has NO documentation on the mouse.  No instructions, or how to use it or adjust it.  You have to guess right now.  No instructions.  No documentation.  Just plug in mouse, download driver, and then somehow figure out by yourself how to make everything work.  Again, another YEESH!  UPDATE 12/21/11:  I've used the Corsair M60 FPS gaming mouse for a week now.  It took 3 downloads of the firmware to get the \\"sniper\\" button working, but it's working now.  Pretty cool feature.  You must hold the button down w/your thumb while shooting with your left click. The DPI is settable on the sniper button.    My muscle thumb memory is taking hold on the forward/back buttons now.  It's OK.  I really really like the tacky matte black finish on the mouse.    My overall impression has improved with the working sniper button and extended use.  I am upgrading my review to 4 stars.  Recommended.  [...]
145551389X|5.0|INCREIBLE INCREIBLE INCREIBLE. No poda ser menos un libro que fusiona a Lady Gaga con Terry Richardson. Es un viaje de ida al mundo de la cantante con la mirada atrevida y original que muy pocos fotgrafos del mundo lograran. Lo recomiendo a todos aquellos que disfrutan de las buenas expresiones artsticas, ms all de que sean seguidores (o no) de Lady Gaga.  Entrar a una casa y ver este libro sobre una mesa ratona dice MUCHO del dueo del hogar.  Sper recomendable.
B0063IH60K|5.0|A real fun app. I enjoy the smooth moves and the choice of play. It sure can keep you busy.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|really fun game not the norm story is good like a csi game probably will get the upgrade hope more
B004R13U6Y|5.0|I bought this app for 10 cents when it was on sale and it works very well. I use it to read magazines I have as pdfs and I love it!! and for the price its awesome!!!!
B002GYI9C4|3.0|I picked up this book recently in a lull after reading the latest Martin ASoIaF book, and while waiting for the final Wheel of Time novel to release. I chose this series as it was recommended to me by a friend, and I felt that Sanderson had done a fairly strong job with Jordan's WoT series (if you ignore his handling of Mat). So, I grabbed the book for my Kindle app, and main-liked the book in about a week's time.  Perhaps my expectations were too high, perhaps my view of what the book would be going into it were skewed - looking forward to more of the depth I'd come to expect from Jordan and Martin. I did not find that within these pages. By no means was the book bad, it was entertaining, and had a thoroughly inventive and interesting magic system in place, that I can't say I've ever seen even remotely similar in the books I've read. Additionally, I loved the Ocean's Eleven, con-game, heist aspect to the story, and found it a great take on the traditional \\"heroic group\\" stigma.  The characters were decent, not solely single faceted, but most weren't developed much. I definitely got the impression there was a lot of potential to explore more of the world than what the novel brought, but that the drive to make a succinct story that was accessible to a wider audience (read: shorter book) kept Sanderson from delving into more tangents than he may have otherwise chosen. Additionally, the writing seemed a bit hesitant, or unexplored at times. It's very clear to me that this was one of the first published novels he had ever written, as the dialogue and display of emotions were presented in very simplistic and repetitive ways.  The biggest attribute of the book is the potential it represents. I've read his later work now, and I see the same roots of the author here in Mistborn, but a green, inexperienced version just finding his voice.  A fun, entertaining read, but nothing to to gush over.
0385738773|4.0|We started reading this trilogy shortly after the second book came out, and have been waiting anxiously for this third and final book. Both readers in this household enjoyed it but found it ultimately unsatisfying, and therefore not re-read worthy. Not upset we read the trilogy, but it didn't have the inspired ending one would have hoped after such a breathtaking beginning.<br /><br />In the first book, Maze Runner, Thomas (and we) wake up with no memories as he is being catapulted via elevator to a place populated by teenage boys living in a life-and-death stakes game called the Maze. In the second book, Thomas and his colleagues travel across a hostile desert and encounter friends and foes alike in a deserted city. And in this last entry Thomas and his companions confront WICKED, the obscure organization at the heart of the mystery as to who these kids are and why they've been doing what they're doing and for whom. There aren't a lot of happy endings for these poor kids as they encounter obstacle after obstacle on their way to .. a solution to all their questions? No, not quite. There is a rather hurried encapsulation that is supposed to answer everything with one missive but, Dear Writer, it will not do. Too many gaps in the story and characters to make the quickie denouement satisfying.<br /><br />But you can't beat the author for some great ideas here. The writing is fast-paced, the dialogue authentic, the characters interesting if not likable or, ultimately, even knowable.<br /><br />The first book is so good that you have to read the rest of the trilogy, but chances are you'll be at least mildly unhappy at the end, so .... enter at your own risk.
B005FLX2WC|5.0|I heard Beth Hart & Joe Bonnamassa played on Radio 2 & thought what a fabulous song. I googled Beth Hart & through that search, I purchased the cd from Amazon. I received very good, quick efficient service from Amazon & would not hesitate to use them again.
159514188X|4.0|You will find this one so very touching, so very emotional. Heartfelt and Raw. Asher will grip you and won't let go even after you are done. It's deep. It's amazing. It's sad.<br /><br />It's too bad things can't be changed. Too bad things can't be different. When Clay found the box with the tapes, he didn't know what he was getting into. He was even excited to play them to find out what was on them. Nobody even used tapes anymore. It was when he popped the tape in and pressed play. It was when he heard that voice. Never again did he ever expect to hear that voice. The voice of Hannah Baker. Why? Because she was dead. So why was she speaking on this tape? These tapes, and telling a story?<br /><br />Hannah Baker had committed suicide and decided that there where thirteen people to leave messages to, explaining as to why she did it. Why they effected her life in such a way that she just couldn't live anymore. Each person was to pass the tapes to the next. The stories weren't pleasant at all, and if they weren't passed, it wouldn't be good for them. One story was different though, One story stuck out. Clay just wishes things could've been different. He got so wrapped up in the rumors, that he never got to know her like he wanted to, and now lives with regrets, hating himself as he listens to Hannah talk about all the things that happened to her. Did she reach out? Could it have been different? Were there signs?
B001I0T92Q|4.0|Bought this from \\"eTECH\\".<br />Ok, so i bought this so i could use it with two 32GB micro SDs (64GB total, ~59GB true after format).<br />Everywhere i read on how to do the procedure, i was told that i should do the format of the micros SD's<br />through the PSP, but that didn't work for me, as the PSP didn't recognize this card as a memory stick.<br />So i did the format through my windows PC, formatting it into FAT32 and everything worked fine.<br />The memory stick with the two 32gb microSDs formatted fine and worked and recognized perfectly from my PSP (PSP-2000 model).<br />-----------------------------------------------------<br />21/7/2013<br />... a follow-up on this item.<br />After almost 2 years of use, this adapter still has an excellent performance with my slim PSP-2004.<br />Great product.
B004ZQ74G8|4.0|After the hype had died down a little I decided to give this book a try. I found the story hard to read at times. I don't do great with abuse storylines, but I'm glad I stuck it through to the end. I did enjoy the book and I would give this author another go. The one thing I did find a little difficult was the dialogue of the child. I found I had to reread at certain times to get what he was trying to say.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I play this on my rooted Nook Color and love it.  It works perfectly and have no playing problems. Thanks
B0000VCZKM|5.0|Nothing will ever compare to the original! Even after all this time I can still sit and watch Annie over and over again. The talent of all the kids who took part in this production is simply amazing! Long live ANNIE!
B004X80QNG|4.0|Great app overall. Has all synching options that I want personally. The only problems that I see are that the UI is just a little complicated and...<br />It REALLY needs some widget options. A daily-use calendar/to do list app for Android absolutely must have widgets.
B003G4W49C|5.0|I almost (basically never) throw 5 stars out but this one gets it. It's a children psychology book (and group dynamics and military or any kind of hierarchical organization). The story is very good but it pales in comparison to the characters laid out. The subplot is excellent and the device of splitting the personality of the progenitor into three different 'sub-characters' (Peter & V.) is ingenious. It's like looking @ the hero through three different prisms. The underlying sinister thread of grown-ups (as proxies of the military industrial complex always driving conflicts forward for their own interests covered up by demagogical lies) adds yet another aspect to the story.
0439023521|5.0|The only regret I have is that it took me so long to finally get into this book series. I've been reading a lot about how good this book is and I have read many reviews about it, yet I was undecided until I saw the trailer of the movie. The Hunger Games is so intense and mesmerizing that it is hard for me to describe how I feel about it. It is brutal, it is cruel and at the same time is so beautiful and inspiring....it is masterful really. I haven't cry so much with a book in a really long time. I love the characters and the story and it makes you feel impotent because you wish you could do something to help this kids, to change their fate...This book is like nothing I have ever read and I love it...you should read The Hunger Games, this is a story for everyone! I'm really looking forward to read the second and third book...and I'm eager for the movie!!!! I can't wait to see it!
B004EBZX6W|5.0|This really does what it says it does. It lets you see. Lets you see it easily! Very good idea!!! Get this app!
B003AQBYUG|5.0|I'm not going to go over the details of the contents of Alien Anthology Blu-Ray Box Set because others here have done that for me and everyone else perfectly. It's the ultimate collection of Alien movies and extras you will ever see in your lifetime, even more so that the original DVD Quadrilogy set and is the new benchmark.  What I wanted to point out about this UK version of Alien Anthology is the differences in packaging. The contents are exactly the same, no differences at all but the UK version has all 6 discs inside a sturdy, protective, blu-ray amaray case so you know your discs will not get scratched. The amaray case has a slip cover box to hold everything with the same beautiful, hologram-like, rainbow artwork as the American version. Sadly, the American version has the discs jammed into cardboard pages that you know in time will scratch the discs so that is why I went with the UK version. Also, the UK version is much cheaper and ships just as fast.   If you are planning to get this box set, don't be afraid to order the UK version, you will not be disappointed. It's REGION FREE which means it will work in your American blu-ray player. I tested all the discs upon arrival in my LG blu-ray player and there was absolutely no problems whatsoever. These movies look fantastic, I almost cried when I saw the image quality and heard the sound quality when ALIEN began to play. I own the Alien Quadrilogy DVD box set and the differences are unbelievable, like night and day. In fact, I believe this set is the best box set for any movie franchise in existance, it's the ultimate Alien experience.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great app!  Thanks so much...great time waster! :-)  Love the game choices and worth the annoying ads you can ignore easily .
0345410025|4.0|i have enjoyed the mental exercises and techniques demonstrated in the book. im sure my memory will improve as i practice the tools and use the techniques daily.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|Offers many hours of play. Great graphics and smooth music for comfortable play. Good story. Not too easy nor too repetitious.
B0050QV0RQ|4.0|JRPGs aren't typically my cup of tea, however this game takes me back to the old school NES days when I was a kid.  Some decent graphics and fun game play makes this a solid time waster for your android device.
1455502391|5.0|After a recommendation from a friend, bought this book the same day and was so engrossed by it that I finished reading it in 2 days.  It's an amazing book about the interplay between government policy, neighbouring countries, schools and colleges, the army, leaders, teamwork and profitable patriotism, startup culture and most of all, entrepreneurism both in terms of a government as well as private businesses.  A highly recommended read.
0763627410|5.0|I just received this book today to give as a Christmas present to my 2 year old niece.  I loved it so much I ordered two more - one to keep at my house and one for my best friend's daughter.  It's a beautiful book and I love the illustrations.  It will be great for all the kids when they come to visit.
B0034C9CFK|5.0|I've been a huge Alan Jackson fan since about 1995.  I don't know how I missed him before that, except I was being inundated by the heavy metal eminating from my teenagers' rooms!  Still I never really paid close attention until my brother-in-law loaned me his Drive (For Daddy Gene) CD.  I was instantly hooked!  While my AJ library is still relatively small (I buy when I can afford to), I lean toward greatest hits albums.  But once in a while, a title reaches out and grabs me, an I have to have that particular CD and don't rest til I get it.  Sometimes, that takes a while.   A couple of years ago, without ever having heard a single cut from the album, I bought the Good Times CD.  It might have been the best purchase I had made up to that point.  The title song just about says it all, or as I've heard said in the south:  He said  mouthful!  Even thought I'm no longer able to dance, that single song makes my toes tap as if they have a mind of their own.  Yesterday, I received my copy of Freight Train, and although I've only had time to listen to it straight through once, I picked out three of the best on the album:  Freight Train, Tail Lights Blue, and Hard Hat and a Hammer.  If ever any one singer/songwriter knew how to connect to his audience, Alan Jackson has to be that ONE.  Of course, my opinion of him is based on a couple of things we have in common, as well:  His birthday is October 17, while mine is October 12, he was born in the south.  I was born in Alabama and raised by southern parents, though not in the south.  And I think his daddy and mine would have gotten along wonderfully.  Drive (For Daddy Gene), and Small Town Southern Man, could easily have been written about my own dad.  Alan: I hope you have many more in you.  Keep 'em coming!
0718154770|5.0|I'm a bit biased because I just love Jamie! This book is great, good recipes, great ideas. The only thing is, it's a bit repetitive.<br />He's trying to teach you how to cook everyday and help you get in the habits of being efficient in everything you do. With it being written in a recipe format, he repeats the same recommendations again and again. For newbies, that will work well which was probably their goal.
1400086035|5.0|I listen to this rendition of A Christmas Carol faithfully every year while I'm wrapping gifts, baking, or decorating.  Superbly done, I bought 5 additional audio CD sets to give away this year, and each recipient enjoyed the gift immensely.
B004EPYZQ2|1.0|i dont understand what do Spielberg with this film try to copy ET or GOONIES?? how an ALIEN make a ship with garbage! and why wait 40 years to do that! or simply this movie is a precuel of CLOVERFIELD is the clone????? better movie of monster is THE TROLL HUNTER
B004RJMUJO|1.0|I have a kindle fire and this game wont download. all the other games do I just don't no what to do. any suggestions?
B003XF1XOQ|1.0|Unbelievable. I am an avid reader so I've read my share of bad books. But honestly, this book might take the cake of being the worst one ever. Easily the most disappointing given the thrilling plot and diverse cast.  For those that haven't read Mockingjay: DON'T. Anything at all you're excited about happening, either doesn't happen or happens in the most disappointing manner possible. In almost every action scene, Katniss gets knocked out, wakes up in a hospital, and has the events told to her from someone else. Does it sound boring? It is.   It felt like the author completely stopped caring about the story; like she was skimming through everything just to get it over with. There is no way Suzanne Collins could look someone in the eye and say, \\"I'm proud of this book.\\" It's a disaster. I will never read her books again because of how poorly she treated her readers and fans by delivering Mockingjay.  I honestly believe that when she was mapping out the storyline, she left notes to herself like \\"Peeta says something charming to Katniss\\", meaning later she would think up some dialogue for them. But when the time came to do some real writing, she instead left it with a boring, vague narrative. \\"Peeta said something charming that made me feel better.\\" Ridiculous. Do some writing. Get creative.  Most of the book focuses on pointless things, like clothes and food. Good God. Of all the things to elaborate on, she chooses her pretty dresses and delicious food. It seems like every meal is described in full detail. Shut up already! The food sucks, everyone's poor, we get it lady. How about you focus a little more on the characters, their emotions, their reactions, their DIALOGUE.  --- SPOILERS ---  \\"I kill Snow\\". \\"All I can think is 'Kill Snow'.\\" And when the time comes to invade his mansion.... she gets knocked out and wakes up when ALL of the action is over. Where is the scene where the hero does some heroic? Besides the time where her and Gale take out a couple hovercraftswith their arrows, the entire book she spent unconscious for all of the action.  They rescue Peeta - she's unconscious.  Rebels invade Snow's mansion - she's unconscious.  Put Snow on trial - she's unconscious.  Katniss is on trial for killing Coin - she's unconscious or awake but locked in a room.  On and on. All the readers get is a quick recap. Don't we ever get to see some action? Maybe Collins should work on that instead of writing in more scenes of Katniss hiding in a closet to take a nap.   And how does the big, bad, children-killer end up dying? Ummm... we don't know. Either choking on his own blood as he laughs in Katniss' face, or trampled by the crowd. I cannot think of a more boring way to kill off Snow.  This comment isn't about the writing, it's about the plot.  When invading the Capitol, Katniss has some close friends and some soldiers she hardly knows. The lose Boggs so she tells them she has a secret mission that she makes up. They do the mission but people keep dying so Katniss thinks that maybe they should just cut their losses and turn around. But then she's like (paraphrase) \\"No, we came this far and if we don't kill Snow then all of those lives will have been lost in vain.\\" So they have this plan to pretend to be Capitol citizens and get invited into Snow's mansion. But is that what happens? No. She gets knocked out and the rebels take care of everything. The rebels needed no help at all. At most, Katniss just gets in their way at that scene. So in the end, all those deaths (caused by her made up mission) were a complete waste.   And like a lot of reviewers have said, the dying scenes are lame. You feel nothing for these characters. Rue's death: a tragic, emotional masterpiece. Prim and Finnick's deaths: quick, dull and completely unrealistic.   -Finnick, the amazingly built Adonis who won the Games when he was 14, has now grown into an ideal 24 year old, and yet he is slower than 17 year old Katniss? WHAT? If he was going to die then he shouldhave had a noble, selfless moment with Katniss that ends up with him sacrificing himself. \\"End this Katniss. You're the only one who can. Tell Annie I'm sorry.\\" Anything at all would have been better than \\"the perfect human specimen is too slow to get up the ladder\\".  -Prim. Why is the 13 year old in a war? Oh, because Coin is afraid that Katniss doesn't like her so what does she do? Kill her little sister?!?! Makes no sense. Was Coin hoping that Katniss would run after Prim and also get killed? If you wanted Katniss dead why didn't you have the hovercraft just send a missile directly at her? I mean, if she can get the hovercraft to drop bomb parachutes with no one being held accountable, then you should be able to send one missile and go unnoticed.  And about that, how does Gale not know if it was his bomb? It's simple: did you/Beetee design a grenades that would look like the silver parachute gifts in the Games? If the answer is yes, then they were probably your bombs Gale. What does he think the Capitol had the exact same idea?  Ugh. I could go on and on. Basically I'm pissed at Collins for doing this book with minimal effort. She had a great foundation (books 1 and 2) and some good ideas in this book, but it was a mess. The characters were hard to like, the dramatic scenes lacked emotion, the hero is hiding half of the book, the intense scenes lack dialogue so you feel like you're reading the cliff notes recap rather than witnessing the action as it happens, and the ending just fizzles out into nothing (just like my respect for the author).
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Everything u want in a Bible app...and more!!!  This should cost money, but thank God it's free. It is a must-have on every device.
B005NPLXJ4|5.0|Folks, this has to be the best Lou Reed record since Songs for Drella or Magic and Loss. The more I listen, the more I want to listen. This is pure theatre from sound. Note the lyrics are not for the faint of heart, but combined with the music are spot on....ranging from a horror movie to comedy. I was expecting something more aggressive musically, especially since the last few times I've seen Lou perform in NYC he's been improvising with the Guitar/continum synthesis, loops, distortion, etc.. - some really great work with the MMM tour and his wife, hopefully out on disk soon. None the less Lu Lu does not disappoint, Metallica and the other guest players provide a knock out performance. Don't listen to the negative reviewers, right now every kid that bought this is starting a band somewhere...you know how that went the last time....
0307949508|4.0|I tend to be a little cynical of so called international booksellers, but still want to know what the most popular books are about and what their appeal is.  Being told that you do not have to have read the first in the trilogy, I read The Girl Who Played with Fire,  although the length of the book was a little discouraging.  I wonder if anyone has done any research into why fiction books are getting longer ?<br />Having started reading the book, it was initially a little slow as it was not possible to put the opening scenario in any context.  However,  quite soon it was difficult to put the book down. The book is very well written ( a good translation in English) and like a good crime novel the story is gripping. The whole situation is intriguing and while many readers have complained about the number of characters, as the book progresses it is easier to identify with the different characters. The development of the story is very well done.<br />The book has now become more interesting as I have learnt more about the author and I wish I had done that before I read the book.  Many of the themes in the book are very relevant. Computer hacking is an ongoing concern for anyone who uses the internet for personal or business reasons. Crimes such as sexual abuse including rape,  and the manipulation of young people are highlighted. At the same time, the role of journalists, especially the so-called liberal individuals,  is shown to be very important in society, although at times very dangerous for them.<br />Reading the other two books in the trilogy is now something to  look forward to. But a map showing the location of the different places mentioned would have lessened the type of irritation that the reader may also have initially with the large number of characters.
B005E7AOHI|4.0|I have found Primus a strangely mesmerizing listening experience since first sitting down to \\"Sailing the Seas of Cheese\\" years ago. \\"Green Naugahyde\\" keeps the distinctive bass-centered Primus sound, but softens it a bit. It's not that it isn't edgy (it certainly is,) but it's also not as brash as some earlier Primus offerings. A few of the tracks feel a bit overproduced and accentuate studio effects. These generally flow well with the music, although the overtly funky \\"Tragedy's A' Comin'\\" was for me the exception (though it's a very upbeat tragedy indeed.) Nowhere is the electronic wizardry more obvious than on \\"Eyes of the Squirrel,\\" but for me that worked better as a collective whole.<br /><br />Highlights are definitely \\"Moron TV\\" and \\"Lee Van Cleef.\\" I particular like Claypool's bass on \\"Lee Van Cleef\\" which also has the most entertaining and personally satisfying lyrics of the album, but who wouldn't like Lee Van Cleef? And while most commentary on consumerism is written in a self-righteous way, \\"Eternal Consumption Engine\\" (\\"Oh, man, I like it!\\") is both hilarious and pointed with a typically idiosyncratic melody line swirling around the wry lyrics.<br /><br />While it would be hard to rival works like \\"Sailing the Seas of Cheese\\" or \\"Pork Soda,\\" Primus has certainly put together an offering that will please most fans, and best of all it's fun! It's definitely worth a listen, but listen a couple of times. With a couple of exceptions, I was not especially absorbed by the CD; after several listenings I grew to more fully appreciate the patented Primus interplay of vocals and instruments, the clever lyrics, and the more sedate melody lines jarringly punctuated by Claypool's fuzzy bass guitar.
0307949486|4.0|With all the hype about these books and the subsequent movie, I decided it was time to dive in the waters of Stieg Larsson, and it has been a fun swim indeed. Beginning with a mysterious gift of a flower once a year, Henrik Vanger sets out to solve the mystery of a missing niece. Gaining from the negative publicity and demise of investigative journalist Mikael Bromkvist, Vanger hires him to write a history of the family and seek out answers to the disappearance of Harriet. His investigation takes him on varying pathways of financial intrigue, hatred, insanity, religous zealotry, love, and family confusion. Eventually pooling with the resources of a fascinating but socially awkward young lady with a dragon tattoo, Blomkvist discovers the root of the evil and sets out to right the wrongs of the past.<br /><br />In the middle of this investigation, we find a healthy balance of sex scenes, torture, fear, anger, research, social ills, political machinations, and advanced computer technology, along with personal and corporate corruption. Exposing the disgusting natures of some individuals while extolling the virtues of others, this marvelous book is a page-turner with something for everyone. Those seeking adventure will find it in the fights, the high-speed chase, the dungeons, and the archives. Those looking for a mystery will find plenty as Mikael and Salander turn over every stone to decipher the truth. Anyone fascinated with both human's gifts and follies, will discover a fascinating blend of both as we quiver at the evil and cheer for the ruination of those perpetuating violence on others.<br /><br />At its core, however, is basically a good guy versus bad guy story. I have read better mysteries in Sherlock Holmes, better adventures in David Baldacci or Harlan Coben, better financial stories, and better computer technical usage. There are better explanations of human foibles and more descriptions of torture, sex, and emotional problems in other books. There are much better romances and much better and more accurate worlds created by other authors such as Tolkien or Dostoevsky. I have found better writing style in Thomas Hardy or James Lee Burke, and better characterization in Dickens or Reynolds Price.<br /><br />All that to say, rarely does a reader find all these things in one book. What should be an average book due to an unoriginal plot and a lack of complete descriptions of people or environment, ends up being a terrific story with tremendous energy and intrigue. Not easy to put aside, this achievement is certainly worth a read and movie. Similar to a Greg Iles book but with tighter plotting, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a guaranteed pulse pounding thriller on intellectual steroids. A little rough at times, but worth the occasional darkness, this is highly recommended for readers of thrillers and anyone curious about the role that society plays in shaping the future of its citizens. Onward to more Stieg Larsson books.d much better and more accurate worlds created by other authors such as Tolkien or Dostoevsky. I have found better writing style in Thomas Hardy or James Lee Burke, and better characterization in Dickens or Reynolds Price.   All that to say, rarely does a reader find all these things in one book. What should be an average book due to an unoriginal plot and a lack of complete descriptions of people or environment, ends up being a terrific story with tremendous energy and intrigue. Not easy to put aside, this achievement is certainly worth a read and movie. Similar to a Greg Iles book but with tighter plotting, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a guaranteed pulse pounding thriller on intellectual steroids. A little rough at times, but worth the occasional darkness, this is highly recommended for readers of thrillers and anyone curious about the role that society plays in shaping the future of its citizens. Onward to more Stieg Larsson books.
B0063IH60K|5.0|the whole family loves this game we can play together or separately and I really like playing while traveling away from home
B005SODYGA|3.0|I was disappointed when I heard that Made In Germany was going to be a best of collection but my spirits were lifted when I heard about the inclusion of Mein Land and the remix album. That being said, the remix album was the main selling point for me. Luckily its pretty good, if not strange. In addition to the two discs, the collector's edition comes with a pretty slick overall presentation. The CD case is an elaborate fold out digipack featuring all of the band members faces (I believe they are actually white masks) and a heavy duty booklet. Unfortunately the only images in the booklet are a picture of all the white masks together. Other than that there are lyrics of all the songs (In German...) and the booklet itself is very clean looking.<br /><br />THE ALBUM<br /><br />I was slightly puzzled at the selection of songs on this compilation. There is only one song from Herzeleid and Liebe Ist F&uuml;r Alle Da is sorely underrepresented. Meanwhile, Rosenrot has two entire songs (one would have been enough), neither of which are Benzin. Naturally Du Hast and Engel are included and the remaining bulk consists of songs from Mutter and Reise, Reise. I love those two albums but thought there should have been more of a cohesive smattering of tracks from their discography. And why is Mutter on here but not Feuer Frei? Let's not forget about Mein Land. It's a high energy ass-kicker which would sound at home on Reise, Reise or LIFAD. On the plus side, the older songs have been remastered (not to the extent of on the NIN Pretty Hate Machine Remaster) but there is a definite increase in the aural details and volume. But wait, there's more!<br /><br />THE REMIXES<br /><br />This was the driving force behind my purchasing the album, as I already own all of Rammstein's studio albums. Unlike some remix albums, there are no duplicate songs on here. Nothing is remixed more than once and the pool of talent involved is vast, though some names I did not recognize. On the whole, the songs sound like something you might find on an Advanced Electronics compilation but much more sophisticated. That being said, most of the songs have a very industrial sound to them, with driving backbeats. Overall the quality of these songs is so high that if you'd never heard the original versions, you wouldn't know that these weren't them. Most of the songs have been completely broken down and reassembled into something completely new and different.<br /><br />THE BOTTOM LINE<br />$20 is a steep price point for this package. I would only advocate purchasing this if you are interested in the remix album. Since Amazon has not included any info, I'm going to post the track listing of BOTH discs. The artists who have remixed the songs will appear in parenthesis after the name of the song they worked on.<br /><br />1. Engel<br />2. Links 2 3 4<br />3. Keine Lust<br />4. Mein Teil<br />5. Du Hast<br />6. Du Riechst So Gut<br />7. Ich Will<br />8. Mein Herz Brennt<br />9. Mutter (Really?)<br />10. P*ssy<br />11. Rosenrot (REALLY?)<br />12. Haifisch<br />13. Amerika<br />14. Sonne<br />15. Ohne Dich<br />16. Mein Land<br />Total Runtime - 65 Minutes<br /><br />1. Du Riechst So Gut (Faith No More) - This Song Is Too Short!<br />2. Du Hast (Jacob Hellner)<br />3. Stripped (Johan Edlund)<br />4. Sonne (Clawfinger) - AWESOME TRACK<br />5. Links 2 3 4 (WestBam) - No Lyrics On This One<br />6. Mutter (Sono) - Now Less Boring!<br />7. Feuer Frei! (Junkie XL)<br />8. Mein Teil (Pet Shop Boys)<br />9. Amerika (Olsen Involtini) - Some Good Samples On This One<br />10. Ohne Dich (Laibach)<br />11. Keine Lust (Black Strobe)<br />12. Benzin (Meshuggah) - Hooray for Sludge Rock!<br />13. Rosenrot (Northern Lite) - Now Listenable!<br />14. P*ssy (Scooter) - Shut Up and DANCE!<br />15. Rammlied (Devin Townsend) - Now With Fart SFX... Seriously.<br />16. Ich Tu Dir Weh (F*kk Off)<br />17. Haifisch (Hurts)<br />Total Runtime - 80 Minutes<br /><br />-Remember, Its Only One Man's Opinion! (sorry it was so long....)
B004WR125O|5.0|I bought this for my HT-S7409 [[ASIN:B005EP2HKW Onkyo HT-S7409 5.1-Channel Network A/V Receiver/Speaker Package]] and it worked immediately.  Installation was no problem and I was able to access Pandora immediately.
0446569909|5.0|I've been an Ozzy/Black Sabbath fan since high school (many years ago) and thought this might be an interesting read on the formation of metal's most important band, and the creation of some of my all-time favorite music.  Turned out, the music is kind of a sideline in this not-to-be-put-down hilarious account of Ozzy's life and many, many, misadventures.  The narrative style is fantastic - the whole thing felt like me and Ozzy sitting in a bar trading stories over a pint. If you're looking for in-depth description of the making of his albums, particulary the solo ones, you are going to be disapointed though...as I said, the music is a sideline.  The language is salty (and very British...learned a few new English slang words), the stories are laugh out loud funny, and the drug and alcohol use are of super-human proportions, but through it all you really see Ozzy's humanity, his childlike sense of fun, and his willingness to be the clown just to fit in.  It also really changed my opinion of Sharon Osbourne, who has a lot, lot more do to with his success, even back in the 80's, than I would have thought.  Four stars, two thumbs up, highly recommended!
B005KAJPY2|5.0|This is one of my favorite Bands...I love the beats and the message in their lyrics. Great music to get moving to.
1935670913|5.0|I really enjoyed this book.  I actually know a lot about marketing and write more as a hobby, but I was completely surprised at some of his marketing ideas as it does go against the grain of what most marketers preach.  Really, fascinating and exciting stuff.  Anytime anyone does something HUGE fast they have applied leverage. In Locke's case he used a strong fan base and leveraged people's pre-existing biases and interests to simply get them to check out his books.  From there people bought more books because they liked his writing!  There's nothing wrong with writing books for FUN, or with marketing. He didn't force anyone to do anything. He did manipulate social media and play on people's need to feel connection to similar, like-minded people....but I really think there's nothing wrong with that.  Just because he's promoting himself instead of having a publishing company pay thousands to try to manipulate people into buying people seem to feel he's too self-promotional.  I think anyone who really GETS \\"loyalty-transfer\\" is going to be successful, THAT was the major point of the book, not making friends on Twitter.  Anyway, great ideas, made me think......
1439170916|5.0|This is a well researched and written \\"history\\" of cancer and cancer therapies.  The author takes us back to the earliest documentation of cancer up to today's cancer therapies and what's on the horizon.  As a breast cancer patient and disease nerd, I appreciate the author's comprehensive, intelligent, and realistic perspective of this stealth disease.  This is a must read for those interested in the personal and social implications of disease, and the galvanizing effects of research, awareness, and early detection.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Okay - clearly - George Lucas has lost his mind. When he turns the key to his home(s) and car(s), he is not telling fans to grow up. What an a** and it's hard enough as it is to watch my DVD Box from 2004. IT TAKES ZERO EFFORT to include the original movies. And with Blu-ray technology, there is more than enough space. What if Micheal Jackson's 25th Anniversary release of Thriller included ONLY new versions of the songs that made it the best-selling LP of all time? New versions were paired alongside the old. I get the weaving of all six films together but someone needs to tell George Lucas and Lucasfilm that Episodes I, II & III can't hold a candle to Star Wars, The Empire Strikes Back & Return of the Jedi. Without an originals option, THE ONLY OPTION WE ARE GIVEN IS TO BOYCOTT THIS RELEASE!! This Blu-ray release is a travesty - worth $20 at best. And I now have an even greater appreciation for Lucas's appearance on South Park. Heh... I'd also bet on him having been one of those kids in the sandbox who wouldn't let you play with his toys.
1417667486|4.0|Good book overall. Especially good for amatuers who are interested in MMA or just want to learn to defend themselves. I guarantee you will learn something from this book.
1451627289|5.0|I preordered this book the moment I became aware of it.  The date, 11/22/1963, was a life changing day for many members of Stephen King's and my generation.  It was the day that the world changed, where assassination was not a word you read in history books but a current event.  The idea of what would have happened had JFK lived is a fascinating one.  This book protrays the late 50's and early 60's as I remember them and it is a nice trip back to a time when the world felt like a safer place.  If we had the power to go back and change the past, would we and should we?  What would the consequences of altering history be?  These are the concepts King explores in this novel.  As a Stephen King fan, I would have made the journey in any case, but I found the ride truly a thrill.
B004EPYZQC|5.0|When I first saw its trailer in the theatre, I thought it's going to be another bad sequel. How wrong I was! I have watched Fast Five both in the theatre and at home. Every time, I was absolutely entertained. That's the feeling I haven't got for a long time after watching action films.  The excitement is non-stop from the beginning till the end. I'm sorry, I can't go into details here. Otherwise, it will ruin your excitement.  The special effects with cars are the best that I've ever seen so far. Especially,  in the last scene where 2 cars pulled the vault into the street. Of course, I had to suppress my logic to enjoy the movie. If you like action scenes with cars, you don't want to miss this one.  In short, this is the best of all action sequences. It's also one of the BEST that my MONEY CAN GET. I own a DVD copy of it.
B005V2EVBQ|1.0|I just received this cover and I am very disappointed. Amazon usually has a better product. Or at least realistic pricing.  It looks cheap. If they had priced this cover fairly, I wouldn't be as disappointed. The edges were sharp and parts of it were glued together.  I sent it back the next day.  If I buy a rolex watch Im not going to put a nylon watch band and then wear it. That is all I can say.
0515142247|4.0|It was a great book. Very well written. Not short on suspense, mystery or even romance, I would recommend this book to anyone in a heart beat.
B003O86FMW|5.0|After flying through the first book in the series, I moved on to Catching Fire before I went crazy.<br /><br />Collins kept up the amazing pace in book two. She wastes no time putting Katniss in another impossible situation.<br /><br />The plot changes but there are similar elements between this one and Hunger Games. We are introduced to another round of unique characters, each seen through Katniss' eyes. The Hunger Games have changed her psychologically and emotionally and we can see this throughout.<br /><br />Collins gives the reader more details about the crazy land called The Capitol. More insight into how the government works and the reasoning behind the decisions they make.<br /><br />There were times I found the first book predictable. However, the story was strong enough that it didn't bother me one bit. In Catching Fire there are also times I knew what would happen next, but also more instances when I had no idea what to expect. An interesting balance, but still great nonetheless.<br /><br />Catching Fire is a superb follow-up to The Hunger Games.
B000FGGE68|2.0|malgre de gros moyen le film montre une absence totale de scnario ce que je regrette vivement le realisateur ne s est interesser qu a l image et a la colorimetrie de son film qui malgre de bonne trouvailles peine a interesser le spectateur au fait cette edition ne possede pas de sous titre francais malgre ce qu il y a d ecris sur la jacket dommage pour moi
B006JPS1OM|5.0|I love this game!! Perfect for the Kindle Fire. Clues are hard to find which keeps the mystery going. I know I will upgrade to continue.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|Every year or two an artist puts out a Christmas seasonal collection and it is well received by the public. This year Michael Buble takes the honor for an outstanding collection of Christmas music.  When I think of Christmas music that I grew up with and the singers who made them so special over the years I tip my hat to the likes of Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra and so many great vocalist in the pop, jazz, blues, country who added their style to the Christmas season. When you think of church, nostalgia, and family these artists and songs last year after year. I think this new Michael Buble has so many of the strong points and its such a well crafted gem thanks to Mr. Foster and company and the musicans and singers who lend this talenets. When I heard \\"jingle bells\\" and this unique take I knew this was a well thought out \\"hit\\" and will be around for many seasons.  Thanks Michael and co for your class and integrity to the music.
0891419063|5.0|As an avid reader of military history books, I am surprised it took me so long to read this book.  The gritty details are gruesome but give a realistic sense of what our brave men endured during this horrific war. Sledge was able to weave in interpersonal stories and gave justice to all those he served with. i highly recommend this as it is now one of my favorite reads alongside Ghost Soldiers, Unbroken and Band of Brothers for WWII reads.
0385534639|1.0|How this book has garnered so many excellent reviews and accolades is certainly beyond me. While fantasy is not my favorite genre, I can certainly enjoy a good \\"wild\\" story bordering on the unbelievable. KINDRED by Octavia Butler was certainly a fantasy. The reader felt connected to the characters and involved in the story. There was an emotional tie.  The Night Circus was devoid of attachment and it all seemed to be without purpose. It isn't even a good story from my point of view. This might have been a decent short story, but as a novel it falls far short. One commenter mentioned \\"Something Wicked This Way Comes\\" by Ray Bradbury and that would be a good tale to emulate.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|has all the versions and it has reading plans it is pretty sweet i recomend it..... also u can word search and go to a specific place on the Bible... it is amazing.
B0031KC8OW|4.0|The stories in this series are simplistic and the characters are wooden. That said, it's not horrible. I'd have given it three stars, but Kristen Bell is soooo hot, I gave it another star for visual sparkle.
0062060554|5.0|Great book.  This was one of those books that you can't put down.  I highly recommend it!  I will look forward to additional books by this new author.
B004J1DBJI|1.0|Too bad it force closes as soon as I search.  Oh well, the website seems to work just fine still.
B0055S348W|4.0|It works on my HTC EVO 4G and love it. The only thing I would like to see is the ability to print from my Mail app other than just Gmail. Then it would be 5 stars!
B000U1ZV8K|5.0|I just reviewed the Dirty Harry set and wanted to emphasize how nice these collections are. Though the movies are on flipper discs, the transfers are solid and there are a few extras included as well.<br /><br />Lethal Weapon: A weary older cop is paired with a \\"crazy\\" young cop just as a Vietnam vet sets up a major heroin shipment<br />Lethal Weapon 2: Riggs and Murtaugh (and Leo Getz/Joe Pesci) are on the case of South African smugglers<br />Lethal Weapon 3: The trio (and Det. Lorna Cole/Rene Russo) go after a former officer who sells cop-killer guns to the streets<br />Lethal Weapon 4: The foursome (and Det. Lee Butters/Chris Rock) try to stop Chinese slave traders/counterfeiters<br /><br />Just from my descriptions, you can tell there's a sense of progression in the films, and that's one of my favorite things about them. There's an amazing amount of consistency in the series - every movie has the same stars (and guest stars, like Murtaugh's family, who we get to see grow up), the same director, even the same score composer. It's fun seeing familiar sights as you watch the movies, and while the scripts aren't always perfect (3 drags and has some annoyances and 4 doesn't take itself too seriously), they're still a lot of fun!
0470876417|5.0|This book was recommended to me by a very prominent venture capitalist from Silicon Valley. He keeps a stack of these books in his office to give out to entrepreneurs that have a great idea and need a great business model to match. I had to buy mine myself since I don't live in the Valley but I am so glad I did. If you're an entrepreneur, founder, or company vision decision maker, you NEED this book. The tips, tools, and techniques in this book are simply amazing and will help you see your business model in a new, better light. I have bought several copies of it now as well, to give out to my co-founders and business associates. I could go into details about what it contains but everyone's already done that, and you can view sections of the book right here on the Amazon preview. Can't say enough good things about this book!
B0043KK4N6|5.0|I loved the movie, and the CD brings back all those parts even more clearly.  This CD was brand new, the price was a steal, and it arrived within the time specified.  I'm very, very pleased with this seller.  Happy Holidays!
B005URRCUY|3.0|This disc continues in the same stylistic direction the Keys have taken starting with Attack and Release. And while many fans of their earlier work criticize these stylistic changes, I think the bigger problem is that the Keys' are just running out of ideas. If you reduce their last 3 discs to the 12 best tracks, then you will have something that rivals the non-stop, gut-wrenching hooks of Thickfreakness, Rubber Factory and Magic Potion. El Camino is worth the price for the 4 or 5 good tracks: Lonely Boy, Gold on the Ceiling, Money Maker, Sister and Stop Stop. But if you aren't their biggest fan already, wait for a Best Of collection.
B000F9RB9Y|4.0|I don't usually review DVD/Blu-Ray releases, but I wanted to note that the Blu of Terminator makes for a nice companion piece with the T2 Skynet Edition, and is a good watch in its own right. I read a lot of reviews saying that the video looks bad, and while it could have been cleaned up and remastered, it looks fine for what it is. Remember that it's a 20 year-old movie that was shot on a relatively low budget, and that much of it is supposed to look rough and gritty anyway. Even saying that, the depth and clarity were nice, and the soundtrack/effects were a blast! Unless/Until a new version of the movie comes out (how many times was T2 re-released?!), and if you can get it for around $10, I'd say buy it.
B005K17RU0|4.0|has everything I'm looking for! daily, weekly, easy to read, straightforward and I'm able to have several locations. nice graphics that u can change the color of.
0439023491|5.0|Katniss made herself on the top of the Capital's hate list. She found out how much trouble she was in when President Snow showed up at her new house threatening all the people she loved. The Capital feared an uprising, caused by her defiance at the games. If she didn't fix the problem soon she would pay by the Capital harming her family and Gale. They couldn't kill her because the people would know why and be angry so the Capital sought revenge a different way. The revenge they chose, Katniss never saw coming.<br /><br />Suzanne Collins did an amazing job with the second installment to this series. A lot of the time with series' the books after the first are good but not as good, with this book it was just as good if not better.<br /><br />I was surprised time and time again as the story went along. I wasn't expecting a lot of the events to happen and at times I was completely shocked. This book pulled a lot of emotions out of me. I found myself getting angry along with the characters or even feeling the terror they felt.<br /><br />Suzanne Collins took me into this amazing world and I didn't want to leave. I was with the characters until the end. The author has the ability to capture my attention. She holds it until well after I have finished. I can't wait to read the final book, Mockingjay.<br /><br />-Christie @Christie's Book Reviews
B001AQO3QA|3.0|These are pretty good movie. They are not the best movies, but they have a lot of action. The best one in my opinion is Alien 3. In this one Sigourney Weaver has to fight the alien in a prison. The packaging is not bad, and in an easily storeable box. The only reason I give this set 3 stars is because they are not my favorite. If they are your favorite I highly suggest this set.
B002Q63JEU|5.0|Awesome band.  My wife loves the band. I like the lead singer's voice, she has a new sound that is unheard of.
B0053VKP8S|1.0|Did not convert digital audio to analog audio as advertised. I tried it with a LG 40\\" HDTV and a fairly recent bad a** Sony receiver. Tried every different input (CD, TV, tape, etc) and every sound field, to no avail. Back to outputting from headphone jack.
1401223176|5.0|I received it within 3 days and it was in perfect condition. I had no problems or issues with them.<br />PLUS Its an amazing book!
B0050SYS5A|1.0|I like most bought the Kinect Zoom with great expectations and within 20 minutes me and my daughter where greatly disappointed.  I have a 55' TV where my kinect works great without zoom with no problems.  I put on the zoom and it became very glitchy, I got all kinds of message that the zoom could not see the floor, so I moved it closer to the edge, then it would not find me in the calibration.  I tried putting lower, it stated that was to low, very frustrating and a waste of time.  I was trying to use it with Forza Motorsports 4, it was so uncontrollable that I could not start the game properly. Great concept but does not work as advertised
B001G9LVGG|5.0|I am definately a traditionalist - Don't mess with the classics as a rule. I like an old fashioned christmas and see no need to write \\"new christmas songs\\" or jazz up old ones! I didn't think I would care too much for her changing the tune of carols here & there but she has such a distinctive voice and delivery that she really does put her own mark on it. It really is very beautiful and no one does the medieval/etherial type singing quite like her. It's just beautiful and has the strange distinction of being the type of Cd that you can have on for background music at a party or sit and listen to. Quite lovely!
B005POK858|2.0|It's a fun little game to play, I will say that. However I noticed after playing it a few times for more than 10 minutes, my battery got very hot and when I quit the game the phone locked up. I ended up uninstalling it. My phone is stock. I havent had any problems with other games.
B003YV64OI|5.0|I bought this processor for my brother's older computer. I browsed around for good deals, and I've found this product to be the best bang for the buck!  This model is a higher model at a cheaper price compared to other highly acclaimed computer online stores. I am absolutely satisfied with this product :).  Highly recommended :).
B004JMSIRC|5.0|The box, the protection and the movie was in excellen condition, but the movie its extraordinary with the special effects!!!
B00009P1O5|5.0|I remember purchasing this on vinyl when it was released back in '81. Already a confirmed Neil fanatic, I knew to expect the unexpected. Still, I wasn't prepared for the sonic bombardment of \\"Reactor\\", even after the \\"Rust\\" albums. My first reaction was something along the lines of, 'OK, it may not be the most automatically catchy release ever, but I'll warm up to it...'.<br />  Obviously, I did-and much sooner than I anticipated. Together, the aural ferocity of these songs create a sort of Rock Opera, not uncommon for Young, as many of his albums contained a single underlying theme. But instead of the morose brilliance of \\"Tonight's the Night\\", or even the similarly crunching, yet sadness-tinged \\"Rust never sleeps\\", \\"Reactor\\" is all about fun.<br />  Several of the other reviews get to the heart of the matter superbly, so instead of going into detail, I'll just mention that I own 2 different copies of this CD (you know, one in case of emergency!). Why? One song in particular:'Opera Star'. Just try NOT singing along with this baby when you're cruising around in your car (volume appropriately cranked, of course).
B000VDDDVO|5.0|Folks, if you like Christmas and uplifting and inspiring stories you can even shed a tear of joy over then \\"It's a Wonderful Life\\" is THE Christmas movie for you!  I have watched this movie on every Christmas eve for over 22 years and it's just as good as the first time I watched it.  Get it. Watch it. Be blessed by it!
B000286RNY|5.0|The seller described this item as \\"Very good.\\" I don't agree with that. This item is more like \\"close to perfect.\\" The condition is as if it has never been played. Super excellent condition!
B0021L8V1Q|5.0|The box, the protection and the movie was in excellen condition, but the movie its extraordinary with the special effects!!!
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|An amazing end to an amazing series. Loved every moment of the books and the movies. The harry potter collection is a must have.
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|As other reviewers have mentioned the product only provides a stand in the wide viewing mode, which I did realize when I purchased the cover, however having a stand that works in the horizontal and vertical positions would be amazing.  This stand also needs to be set on a firm base or the stand does not, well stand very well (i.e. if I set the stand on my couch, it does not stand properly even if there is not movement on the couch).  Overall the product is a decent product and I have been satisfied with the purchase as it operates pretty much as advertised.
0143144006|5.0|From the anatomically correct stained glass brain on the front (which the author made, a second version displayed at Harvard) to the back cover praise, this is an intriguing, educational, dually mindful book about the 50 trillion cells that make a human being go. Dr. Bolte Taylor's journey back into both sides of her brain, after the left hemisphere of her brain took an unauthorized 8 year sabbatical is a story that needs to be required reading for staff at nursing homes, assisted living centers, hospitals and in homes with anyone living with mental/cognitive impairment. Her Recommendations for Recovery in the back ought to be posted in all healthcare facilities. This memoir is a personal and scientific account of how our brains function, how we can help improve that function just by being aware of the neurocircuitry and physiological effects of how we think. Did you know the left brain is the storyteller? Given not enough information, the left hemisphere will make stuff up and make us believe it's true. And we can instruct it what to pay attention to. She calls it tending our garden. Dr. Taylor offers the reader the power to create the human being the reader wants to be, and to help heal those who are coming back to themselves. Awesome, heady territory. I appreciate her sharing this gift to humankind, and me personally
B005DF2QMC|5.0|I have this product about 3 weeks it does a fabulos job ,very easy to use the tape runs through both sides or for listening u can set it should go continuosly .The sound i am getting is great ,you get it for a great price i highly reccomend this product.Also the company stands behind there product they will try to accomodate with any questions u have.
1451648537|4.0|I will be very short - This is book for all Apple fans, to read about the most amazing CEO and his \\"crazy\\" ideas and maybe you will learn something from it. Also, I think that this book can read all people just to see who S.Jobs really was. Thumbs up! The best book I read in few years.
B001GZ6QDS|5.0|The dark knight is sweet with the Joker and  2Face aka Harvy Dent. It is the best superhero movie ever!!!!!!
B002KDUDG6|5.0|Would recommend to anyone who enjoys jazz. He is like today's Frank Sinatra. This is my favorite Michael Buble album so far.
B001U3Y5XE|5.0|Though some of the fun in picture guessing games is seeing how bad people draw and still manage to guess the right answer, this game helps those who are constantly excluded for their poor skills.  Its basically look at the picture card, build it with legos the best you can, and have a blast.  It may just be a chance for the tables to turn on the great drawers!  Kids and adults alike can play and all cards are appropriate (with some funny potty humor but no innuendoes).  Love this game!<br /><br />UPDATE:  I noticed that some of the newer critical reviews mentioned that it doesn't come with \\"alot\\"  of LEGOs.  Believe me, when it comes down to it, you don't need a lot.  And if you do need more(and you are presumably someone who has access to more LEGOs because you bought it), just add more!  Can you imagine how big of a box you would need to fill EVERYONE'S desire for that one part?  The fun is in guessing, not how great of a master you are at making a LEGO masterpiece.  Its supposed to be challenging to guess or it would just be called \\"make a lego design game and then its your neighbor's turn.\\"
014017821X|5.0|These aren't fairy tales \\"retold\\" nor \\"updated,\\" they are fairy tales REVISITED to untangle dark and sexual themes present in purist originals. Interesting to see such things unearthed in seemingly silly or harmless tales. I used her work as inspiration for my stories of Rapunzel and Baba Yaga (who is a Wicked Witch character) in my book PRETTY GIRLS MAKE GRAVES. My favorite line is from a fearless Red Ridding Hood: \\"She knew she was nobody's meat.\\" Striking.
B005K17RU0|5.0|Works great on Kindle Fire! Love the radar and length of extended forecast. I use it everyday to see how the weather is at home and cities where other family lives.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|Quick shipping.Product in great condition when it arrived.Wonderful album. He is like a modern day Frank Sinatra. Would def. recommend.
B005CWRB44|4.0|PROS:   Light works perfectly  Durable construction  Very lightweight  Threads are nice  CONS:  Surefire batteries make this light difficult to close. Let's see if threads hold up.  The low (10 lumens) is too high. For a light this size, they should've went with 3 or 5 lumen for low (for map reading) and to extend battery life.
630542845X|4.0|This movie is original, unforgettable, and intense. It is about a white guy being mocked, targeted, and treated like an outcast mainly because of his skin color. Surprisingly, he was discriminated by people of his own race. I guess this movie probably inspires minorities especially black people.
0525423656|5.0|It shipped fast and I love the book. Everything was perfect with the order. Thanks so much!! Will order from again.
0061998885|5.0|Contrary to some of the reviewers here, I think this is the best in the series, with Darkness Take My Hand coming in second. The plot didn't seem too far-fetched to me at all, and it provides a nice philosophical counterpoint to Gone Baby Gone. The dialogue, never Lehanes strong point, is the most fluid and natural sounding in this installment of the series. Generally this novel felt more mature and realistic than the other novels. Although, it is missing the memorable and cinematic action sequences which is where his talent really shines through (think the quarry from Gone Baby Gone, or the bridge from Sacred). Anyways, Lehanes protagonists are immensely likeable, so I would say read the whole series if you can.
B0063GORYU|5.0|This version of Spider Solitare is a winner! Lots of options and just the right degree of difficulty to make it challenging without being frustrating. I recommend it.
B0002F6BRE|5.0|I love love love this movie and don't care who knows it :) It's so funny and snowy and Christmasy!!!! I love it! And all those snowflakes he cuts out are just beautiful :)
B004FOA84A|4.0|Entertaining game. Good graphics. Easy to moderate challenges.  I beat the game in 2 hours and there is little replay value. Would love to see longer games from this developer!
B005ZTFPFQ|5.0|These games remind of the days when video like these were all that existed.  It is fun to play the old ones just to see the way it was.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I use this on my iphone aneroid tablet PC at work and macbook at home.  It's easy to find and access notes.  One of the few apps I use often.
B001JIFYSA|5.0|I fell in love with this movie the moment I saw it. It's pretty amazing. We watch it every December. Every storyline touches you to the core.
1590172213|5.0|I'm not a huge fan of time travel books for younger readers, mostly because they tend to be frantic, poorly plotted, and either predictable or incoherent. The beauty of this book, (which is so overlooked the last review was written 18 months ago), is that it is calm, thoughtful, and not weighed down with subplots about saving the world or finding magic swords, or the like.<br /><br />It's much more about figuring out who you are and how you fit into the world.<br /><br />I'm not sure who the reader is for this book. Try it too young and it might be hard to follow, or to appreciate. Try it on a too old ya reader, and she might become impatient with the pace and the story. I'm thinking I'll keep the book on the shelf, and just suggest it from time to time until it catches hold.
B003UESJH4|5.0|THE KING's SPEECH is an unexpectedly entertaining film.  I expected the typical stuffy historic drama that would most likely bore me.  However, it's an insightful look at two men working together to achieve a difficult goal.<br />Colin Firth deservedly won an Oscar for his difficult role as the Duke of York who suffers from a stuttering disorder.  He finds himself the King when brother David abdicates the throne to marry Wallis Simpson, an American divorcee.  Firth is brilliant in capturing the physical and emotional challenges facing him.  Oscar nominee Geoffrey Rush is likewise outstanding as the determined therapist who works with Firth to overcome his stuttering.  He brings a sharp sense of humor to the role and he and Firth are remarkable in their scenes together.  Helena Bonham Carter shines as the King's wife who is responsible in hooking her husband up with the therapist.  Other noteworthy cast members include Guy Pearce, Claire Bloom, Michael Gambon and Timothy Spall.<br />THE KING's SPEECH is a fine film and should please everyone--not just elitists.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|All this game is, is my LIFE! It is so fun and yet very addictive. So if you don't want to get addicted to games never play this. Bet if you son's care like me, PLAY IT!
B004EBZX6W|5.0|What can I say other than it works like a charm! Open it up and, if you have the graph selected, you can see all the wireless signals in the area, centered on its channel, and the height of the peak corresponds to signal strength. Walk around the house to see how the signal strength changes. Surprisingly, there were several more signals - about 3X as many than shown on my phone or laptop - picked up by this app.  I installed a wireless extender and was able to optimize its location using Wireless Analyzer. There's a lot more it can do, but this alone has me sold!
0385737955|4.0|The top reviews here really hit the mark in addressing the strengths and weaknesses of this book.<br /><br />  Premise is great, and the Maze is well conceived and well-presented. The characters could benefit from more development. The ending is abrupt and not terribly compelling.<br /><br />  This is similar in style and content to \\"The Hunger Games\\" in a lot of ways, not the least of which is the emphasis on the self-reliance, adaptability and skill of the teen protagonists. Indeed, I think the great strength of the book is that it doesn't go for the easy \\"Lord of the Flies\\" tension of the teens turning on each other. They cooperate to survive, and this gives the whole book a positive and affirming feeling.<br /><br />  The writing is straightforward and everything is kept fairly simple, which is why I would think this book should be considered for a younger YA reader. It would be an excellent choice for a kid who is new to the genre, and I will be curious to see how my guys react to it.
0596805888|5.0|My husband first found this cookbook at the library. It is published by a company that had only done computer books before.  He is a software/firmware engineer and this book appealed to the programmer in him, as well as the cook in him.  He does all the cooking, lucky me.  So I should be expecting some odd dishes from him soon.
B004SB60OC|5.0|I love the songs and the CD condition was perfect. I received it on time, not the estimate day but it was standard mail, so I had to wait.
B004KRQFI0|4.0|The Skrillex \\"Scary Monsters and Nice Spirits\\" CD appeared on my Amazon recommendations list several times, perhaps because I buy a lot of Deadmau5 and Daft Punk discs. In any case, after seeing it there a number of times my curiosity got the best of me and I bought it. I have mixed feelings about the disc. I both like it and don't like it, and you can't get any more mixed than that.<br /><br />First, the production quality is interesting. The disc has a very pronounced stereo separation in places. At times, it seems as if all of the midrange is coming out of the right speakers (facing the set) and the bass coming out of the opposite side is just overwhelming. I might add that my powered subwoofer is on the left, and that probably adds to it. I might also add that my reproduction equipment is a 100 watt per channel stereo system with two three-way speakers including 12\\" woofers. In places, the bass is just totally overwhelming. It's so intrusive, that I can only play my stereo at relatively low levels. I don't mind higher levels, but bass sounds have a penetrating quality and will have the neighbors over for a not-so-friendly discussion regarding volume. I live in a separate house, I should add. But, alas, a lot of the recording is soft and mellow and I'd enjoy having it on at a higher level. Well, you can't have one without the other unless you're adept with the volume control. Strange mix. This disc has one of the widest dynamic ranges of any disc in my collection, and that is not necessarily a good feature.<br /><br />The \\"\\"Scary Monsters and nice spirits\\" Theme appears on the disc again and again, too much so in my opinion. Some of the  songs are quite pleasant, soft and mellow and quit nicely produced. Others are a strange mixture of almost random noises, distorted voices and overwhelming bass. For me, it's just an incongruent mixture.<br /><br />I had heard Skrillex music before, but didn't realize it. There is a TV commercial featuring a fellow kayaking down a waterfall to the music. You know, I've seen the commercial dozens of times and I can't even remember what they're advertising.<br /><br />Gary Petersonknow, I've seen the commercial dozens of times and I can't even remember what they're advertising.  Gary Peterson
B004VMVTNU|5.0|Incredibly useful app that I use every day and it has never failed me, even when other things on my phone are wigging out.  I have to take pills all day long and I have several alarms scheduled for every day. This app has frequent updates and has had several features added since I first downloaded it.<br /><br />I haven't found a limit to the number of alarms I can set (I set anywhere from 6 to 10 separate alarms at one time on any given day, completely without issue), it allows you to set up routine alarms, sleep the alarm, edit descriptions and tones. Extremely stable, I can't recommend strongly it enough.
B004V5QWU2|3.0|The sound selections are nice. However, between the noticeable gap in the sound-loop, and the inconsistency in the volume, the disruptions made it so annoying that I couldn't sleep. This is one of the few apps I have ever paid for, and given the high reviews, I am very disappointed.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|You should really give this a try if you're looking for the best alarm app out there. I love you alarm clock xtreme
B000FCKC4C|3.0|I'll admit it - I read this book for the title. Well, the title and the author: Paulo Coelho is one of those names that come up when people speak reverently of books that were meaningful to them. But mostly I have an interest in alchemy right now for my own selfish reasons (none of which include creating the Philosopher's Stone or discovering the Elixer of Life, because I'm just that dull), and in that respect I feel like I got from the book everything I'd wanted - an impressionistic portrait of alchemy, rather than a Crichton-esque dissertation on the subject.<br /><br />But Coelho is not famous for writing educational period pieces; he's famous for writing fables that flirt with staochastic appearances in the \\"self-help\\" and \\"spirituality\\" sections of the bookstore, though you can typically find him in fiction. He's the kind of author famous people are seen reading, and thereby judged to people of measurable depth. But I don't know if I'm willing to close my eyes, give Coelho my hand, and lead me out into the desert.<br /><br />What's good: As a fable, the book is generally entertaining, or at least pleasant to read, and when it begins to drag, it is at least short. The style, if not the content, is unassuming, and it assumes the simple-yet-wise, metaphorical tone of a parable with ease.<br /><br />What's bad: The book is either a piece of fantasy fiction, or it makes promises about the world. If it is fantasy fiction, it's really not that great - there is nothing particularly transporting or otherworldly. But I believe we are led to accept that the book is intended to provide an insight about the world, and I just don't think it is true. The book teaches that we all have a \\"Personal Legend\\" - a meaning to our life specific to us, and so long as we pursue that legend the Universe will aid us. Even when the universe puts obstacles in our way, they are meant to be teaching obstacles which we can overcome and learn from, so long as we remain true to our Personal Legend.<br /><br />But this is putting the cart before the horse, in the most jarring sense of the metaphor: presupposing that the horse exists because of the cart. I won't necessarily disagree with the possibility of a personal legend, but I reject the notion that these personal legends exist independently of ourselves, as something like Aristotelian forms that we must realize to perfect our spirit. As our consciousness is an emergent property of the materialistic nature of our brains, our personal legends, if such a thing exists, are emergent properties of our own desires and morals. They are generally not specific to us as individuals because we are generally not unique snowflakes. We are admixtures of influences from our family, our friends, our education, and our society, and many of these influences are preponderant enough to slot us into types; I would not be surprised if there are 10,000 people similar enough in thought and interest and motive to me as to be interchangeable, and probably the better half of those are, in fact, better. So our legends are not personal legends - birthrights of the Universe - but crystalizations of our motives into something that can be focused on and examined and striven for in a meaningful way. If I say that my \\"legend\\" is to write meaningful books, I should not be offended to hear my voice as part of a chorus of thousands.<br /><br />Nor should I expect that if I stick to my goal, the universe will unfold like a flower before me. The universe is either one of two things: indifferent, or otherwise occupied, depending on how spiritual you are. To assume that the Universe will clear a path, or has cleared a path, for my hopes and dreams is the height of arrogance, and completely disregards observable reality. Even if the net average of everyone in the world's hopes and dreams was no more than to live the life I lead today, the universe would not accommodate it - the carrying capacity of the earth would not accommodate that excess ofconsumptive behavior. To say that the universe will make clear a path for me is to cheapen my legend and my efforts, and to spit in the face of those who fail to achieve their crystalline desire through no fault of their own. We may be doomed to failure simply because the universe - indifferent, and otherwise occupied as it is - simply cannot accommodate what we set our hearts on. Our momentum may take us into the side of a mountain. Those 60-year-old physicists who poured their hearts into seeing a man on Mars in their lifetime have not failed because of a lack of faith, but because other people's desires found more traction than theirs.<br /><br />That's not to say that because the universe is not there to channelize your self-actuation that you should abandon it as a goal. And that's not to say that the placebo effect of belief in a \\"The Secret\\"-like attractive force may not be useful. But it is to say that it isn't true, and it is to say that evidence to the contrary is simply confirmation bias.<br /><br />The Takeaway: Dangit - I think I already gave away the takeaway above. If you like fables, give it a try. But don't greet it as religious truth just because it wears those clothes.ll make clear a path for me is to cheapen my legend and my efforts, and to spit in the face of those who fail to achieve their crystalline desire through no fault of their own. We may be doomed to failure simply because the universe - indifferent, and otherwise occupied as it is - simply cannot accommodate what we set our hearts on. Our momentum may take us into the side of a mountain. Those 60-year-old physicists who poured their hearts into seeing a man on Mars in their lifetime have not failed because of a lack of faith, but because other people's desires found more traction than theirs.  That's not to say that because the universe is not there to channelize your self-actuation that you should abandon it as a goal. And that's not to say that the placebo effect of belief in a \\"The Secret\\"-like attractive force may not be useful. But it is to say that it isn't true, and it is to say that evidence to the contrary is simply confirmation bias.  The Takeaway: Dangit - I think I already gave away the takeaway above. If you like fables, give it a try. But don't greet it as religious truth just because it wears those clothes.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I did not see this movie when it was released because I didn't like the color of the characters.  WRONG!  The characters are beautiful!  The storyline is EXCELLENT!!!! I'm glad that I finally gave in to my curiousity.  I can't wait to watch it again!
1451627289|3.0|how could it NOT be?  take a GREAT concept (go back in time to prevent JFK's assasination and PERHAPS change history) fleshed out by one of America's best storytellers, and the output can't help but fall SHORT of the hype and expectations.  Perhaps the MAIN defect of the book is its BLOATED size. 848 pages is just TOO long for what is essentially a suspense story: will the protagonist eventually catch up to Oswald in time to prevent the assasination of JFK or won't he?  There are certain SECTIONS where you can't turn the pages fast enough!  Alas, if only the rest of the book read like that!   King mentions the intensive research that was done for the book, but most of it may have been for naught.  Instead of following what could have been a more fruitful, intriguing thread, and have the protagonist focus SOLELY on tracking down Oswald's EVERY move, eliminating MOST, if not ALL, of his doubts about conspirators, and waiting for the right moment to strike, King instead gets sidetracked into small town life in Texas in the late 50's and a somewhat CORNY, MAWKISH love story (especially the ending) that's the ACTUAL heart of the book, leading to its BLOATED size.  All this really does is take the wind out of its sails and slow this vehicle down.  Part of what makes GOOD writing, as well as a GOOD book, is knowing what to leave OUT, as well as what to leave IN.  Finally, King's vision of an alternate future, revealed ALMOST at the very end, seems RUSHED and FANTASTICAL.  You would think that in a book over 800 pages long, he could at LEAST devote a chapter to the alternate history timeline he proposes, rather than just a few paragraphs.  BOTTOM LINE:  If you're a fan of King's and his writing style (and don't mind the length), you'll PROBABLY like the book.  If you come to it with higher expectations, you may be disappointed.  To use a baseball analogy, it's like watching your favorite Major Leaguer come up to the plate, expecting him to hit a home run, yet he swings (however forcefully) and MISSES.    (At the opposite side of the spectrum, for those who've only seen the movie, do yourselves a favor and read \\"RITA HAYWORTH AND THE SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION\\" Now THAT'S a home run!  Funny, it takes place over many more years than 11/22/63, and yet its a small novella that is one of the BEST things I've EVER read!)  P.S.:  Has 11/22/63's concept been tried before?  When you bring up 11/22/63 on Amazon, a bunch of other titles pop up.  Wonder if they share the same concept and how successful they were in their execution?  P.P.S.:  have any fellow readers of 11/22/63 also read Jack Finney's TIME AND AGAIN?  King mentions him as an influence in his afterword.  Wonder if those who have could compare the two?  thanks.
B005POK858|4.0|Like others,  I was reminded of early rpgs while playing through.  -Its relatively short (&lt;10 hours).  -Minimal story.  It may look and play like an old school rpg but that doesn't mean we can't have more dialog or character development.  More background information and explanation as to the motivations for these people would do a lot to make this more memorable and immersive.   -Graphics are about on par with the 16-bit era. I'm fine with this.   -Sound is a low point. The effects are flat and repetitive.  Sword slashes sound like gunshots. Some may find it part of the charm.  -Low difficulty  -Wish I had the option of making the d pad bigger  -It does NOT handle going to the background well.  If you do anything on your phone,  the game relaunches when you go back.  This includes if you have reminders pop up.  Save!
B002N5N5M0|1.0|I expect Amazon to make sure their products that are purchased new are NOT defective. This dvd was skipping at the first and second scenes. Worst purchase ever!
B0040X46TE|5.0|Somewhere Over the Rainbow arrived in record time.  Wow!  What an Amazing Artist IZ was.  I absolutely love this CD.  Thank you Amazon for another Wonderful shopping experience.
B005URRCUY|5.0|Best new album of the past few months, It was added to the NPR best albums of the year after being out for a week for a reason.
B000OPOAJS|1.0|I don't even know how it's possible, but this blu-ray doesn't even work in my blu-ray player, a 60gb ps3.
B000V4UFZK|5.0|Loved this movie as a kid, now I have the chance to pass it on to the next generation that have been dying to see a scary movie (9 year olds!!) This was the first scary movie my parents let me see as a kid, now my kids get to enjoy it as well. Item arrived right on time.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|Well made. Great design. Practical and not very bulky. I can't think of any complaints about this product. It is the only one I have ordered and I have found no reason to use another case for this device besides this.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|Easy to learn and fun to play. would recommend and worth the $4.99 to not have the ad pop ups, also get the full game.
B004WGGQPQ|5.0|this app is really good. it has almost no lag. im using it with a think pad and it just feel amazing and every option you have looks so real. I would really recommend this app.
B005N1E8A4|5.0|I saw this concert live in Fort Lauderdale and was truly blown away, it was THE BEST concert I have ever seen, thats coming from a Madonna fan. So energetic, everything live, she went on for almost 2 and a half hours (The edits make it 2 hours on the 3D disc, but nothing was missed).<br /><br />Then I get the Blu Ray 3D, God I wish I could have seen it in Europe! The water effects are truly brilliant and make it a truly breathtaking concert! It's definately worth purchasing! Kylie is a performer that truly cares for her fans and you can see that in this amazing show!!
030746363X|5.0|I bought this book for my Kindle, but found it very frustrating to read as I'd like to on it.  So, I ordered it in hardback.  First of all, I got it within less than 24 hours of ordering and I live on the Oregon Coast!!!  So, count me a happy Amazon customer on that score alone.  As far as the book goes, I am about 1/4 of the way through it right now, and have begun to use some of the advice already.  In two days, I have lost 4 pounds simply by eating 3 meals a day as the author prescribes.  I have also been snacking just before bedtime or mid-day on string cheese or nuts, when the cravings got a bit much.  I am now convinced enough that this diet will work for me that I am going to start it in two days.  (I'm planning so that my \\"free\\" day will fall on Saturdays.)  I will edit this in one month with my progress.  I love the writing style and the explanations of the science behind each recommendation in the book.  I also love the author's sense of humor.  I find myself giggling often as I read, which I must say is already an improvement over every other diet or self-help book I've ever read.  I've read in other reviews that the dieting formula outlined in the book is not new, but it is sure all news to me.  I have struggled for years with calorie counting, exercising, and weight yo-yoing.  The author simply and scientifically explained the \\"dieting myths\\" I'd based my efforts on, and it cleared up confusion and frustration I'd carried for years!  I recommend the book, and will feel I've gotten my money's worth even if I don't lose another pound.
B000002O8D|5.0|This is a Wonderful Album i highly recommend it Some of the songs were recorded in Dallas Texas, My Brother and I were there that night they put on one hell of a concert i hope you enjoy it as much as I do,
B005QI4TP8|5.0|Ordered this CD as a gift.  Was able to purchase it at a good price through Amazon.  It arrived well within the alloted time frame and was well packaged.  I can always count on Amazon to provide what I'm looking for, almost makes local shopping obsolete!  It arrived well within the alloted time frame and was well packaged.  Thanks again Amazon, EP
B0063IH60K|4.0|Downloaded to my Kindle Fire and it was there almost immediately and ready to go. Graphics are great and available options can vary your experience. Pretty good for a free app and the one popup ad is easy and quick to remove.
B005FITIK0|3.0|Jason Reitman and Diablo Cody have been kind of hit or miss for me or at least that's what I like to think. I didn't enjoy Juno nearly as much as everyone else seemed to while Jennifer's Body, while not great, may have been better received on my end than what most give it credit for mostly because I have such a soft spot for horror. On the other hand though, Up in the Air was fairly fantastic all around. With that said, the main thing attracting me to Young Adult was the fact that Patton Oswalt had a rather big supporting role. Despite the fact that Charlize Theron has done so many things since and has won an Oscar, films like The Astronaut's Wife and The Devil's Advocate only come to mind whenever she's featured in anything which isn't flattering at all. So there was kind of this sense of dread going into Young Adult, but was it justified? The short answer is no, but it doesn't completely blow you away either.<br /><br />There was an Entertainment Weekly article a few weeks ago where Theron said she aimed to not only be a mean-spirited individual, but also easily relatable as well. That's the trickiest part with a character like this. Anyone can be cold or act black hearted, but doing that while also displaying qualities that make you feel sorry for them and/or feel like something you went through in your life is something special. Imagining anyone else in this role is practically impossible, as well. The entire premise seems to be built around Theron. She seems to be playing herself or at least a slightly exaggerated version of how she is in real life. That more than likely contributes to the movie working as well as it does.<br /><br />One of the other great things about the movie is that it's mostly unexpected. Young adult fiction writer Mavis Gary (Theron) currently lives in Minneapolis, Minnesota but decides to return to her small hometown of Mercury after receiving an email from her high school boyfriend Buddy Slade (Patrick Wilson) welcoming his first child into the world. Mavis somehow thinks that her and Buddy are meant to be together and despite Buddy being happily married and having a daughter that he loves dearly, Mavis thinks they can work past that to make things right between them. The outcome of the events is probably pretty predictable, but the relationships in between unfold in a way that you probably don't see coming. I'm mostly referring to Mavis and Matt Freehauf's (Patton Oswalt) friendship as it goes in a direction that feels far too human for such a superficial individual like Mavis. Oswalt also seems to be playing an exaggerated version of himself as well as he makes full use of his geekiness. The Pixies shirt was also a nice touch. But Young Adult is mostly entertaining due to the way it feels genuine despite revolving around somebody who is as harsh and selfish as Mavis Gray is.<br /><br />Young Adult is very dark and downright bleak at times, but that's one of its most distinguishing traits. You'll more than likely find something to relate to in Mavis Gray whether it was you who was the popular kid in school, are just as depressed as she is, think you may be an alcoholic, or you're a writer, Mavis isn't really in the right frame of mind and maybe that's the most relatable part of her character. Charlize Theron and Patton Oswalt share a kind of twisted chemistry that involves some fairly witty dialogue at times, but is mostly them dragging the other one through the mud with their words, which strangely only illustrates how miserable and similar their two characters are. Young Adult is a very fascinating dark comedy that is laugh out loud funny at times due to its cruelness, but shines thanks to its authenticity.s somehow thinks that her and Buddy are meant to be together and despite Buddy being happily married and having a daughter that he loves dearly, Mavis thinks they can work past that to make things right between them. The outcome of the events is probably pretty predictable, but the relationships in between unfold in a way that you probably don't see coming. I'm mostly referring to Mavis and Matt Freehauf's (Patton Oswalt) friendship as it goes in a direction that feels far too human for such a superficial individual like Mavis. Oswalt also seems to be playing an exaggerated version of himself as well as he makes full use of his geekiness. The Pixies shirt was also a nice touch. But Young Adult is mostly entertaining due to the way it feels genuine despite revolving around somebody who is as harsh and selfish as Mavis Gray is.  Young Adult is very dark and downright bleak at times, but that's one of its most distinguishing traits. You'll more than likely find something to relate to in Mavis Gray whether it was you who was the popular kid in school, are just as depressed as she is, think you may be an alcoholic, or you're a writer, Mavis isn't really in the right frame of mind and maybe that's the most relatable part of her character. Charlize Theron and Patton Oswalt share a kind of twisted chemistry that involves some fairly witty dialogue at times, but is mostly them dragging the other one through the mud with their words, which strangely only illustrates how miserable and similar their two characters are. Young Adult is a very fascinating dark comedy that is laugh out loud funny at times due to its cruelness, but shines thanks to its authenticity.
B000AGTPUK|4.0|This is one of our favorite Christmas movies - it really has some great visuals and shows the spirit of Christmas. The one thing that I will mention is that the eyes of some of the characters can look a little scary to the children, but other than that the music is great, story is great, and animation is good. We really enjoy this movie!
B0030IIZ4M|5.0|Bought this DVD through Amazon as a gift.  Good pricing and availability.  It arrived well within the alloted time frame and was well packaged. Will have happy grandchild on Christmas morning.  Thanks once again Amazon, love shopping through you!  EP
B0056BU3I2|5.0|Item arrived fast just like the movie and the DVD was excellent. As always antime I order from Amazon the service is excellent.
B005K2YRVG|5.0|This case fits the Kindle Touch well without being snug, has a firm velcro latch and provides adequate padding.  With this case I don't worry about tossing it in my lunch bag, backpack or my jacket pocket.
B001HN6922|5.0|Disney and Pixar have done it again! We saw this when it was released and couldn't wait to buy it. This story picks up and takes us right back to where we left off. Lighting McQueen has continued his winning streak and made Rt. 66 a popular place again. The best part about this movie is that that unlike the other sequals Disney and Pixar kept the orignal voice over actors!   This is a great movie for kids of all ages...the adults will have some giggles and the kids will roll on the floor.
B001E45XT4|5.0|The headset works great and is very good. The only down side is that the sound is a lil bit different than regular headphones but after a week or two it starts to sound like its coming right out of the speakers. 5/5.
B004YF6MHW|5.0|I am always skeptical.... I reviewed the quality of the picture before and after taking the picture with stock camera and FX, FX is way clear and better. I mean a significant difference here... I love the quality of the picture.. I may never use for other cool effects but for the quality it is great
B0001Z37HM|3.0|\\"Red Sonja\\" (1985) is essentially \\"Conan 3,\\" after \\"[[ASIN:0783241895 Conan the Barbarian]]\\" (1982) and \\"[[ASIN:0783225946 Conan the Destroyer]]\\" (1984). Schwarzenegger plays the barbarian 'Kalidor' here because the filmmakers didn't have the rights to the 'Conan' name since 'Red Sonja' was owned by a company separate from the REH people, yet -- strangely -- they could use REH's Hyborian setting (albeit in a half-axxed way).<br /><br />\\"Red Sonja\\" is the least of the three films. In other words, if you couldn't stomach parts of \\"Conan the Destroyer\\" you'll loathe \\"Red Sonja.\\" It starts out pretty good but by the 25-minute mark the cartooney goofiness kicks in with the introduction of Prince Tarn (the spoiled child who deems himself a king) and his loyal assistant Falkon. The sword & sorcery silliness turns full throttle by the final act. Needless to say, Robert E. Howard was rolling over in the grave at such roll-your-eyes treatment of his S&S fantasy world.<br /><br />It's strange because, for the most part, the film gets the LOOK of the Hyborian Age down pretty good, although there are some really fake-looking props/costumes/effects here and there. But, generally speaking, they did a decent job with the locations, costumes, cast and props. The problem is the overall cartooney vibe. It's like Conan for kids or something and it's almost saddening to observe all this expense & effort wasted by the inexplicable decision to go the camp route. It ruins what could have been a quality REH-influenced picture. John Milius' \\"Conan the Barbarian\\" may have deviated from REH but it made up for it by taking Conan and the Hyborian Age seriously, not that it was totally humorless. Laughter and lightness are an intrinsic part of life but they don't need to devolve into campy silliness. \\"Red Sonja,\\", by contrast, is so silly at points that it's impossible to take seriously.<br /><br />Which isn't to say it's all bad. If you're in the right mode \\"Red Sonja\\" can fill the bill. It's not good, and you can't take it too seriously, but it's somewhat entertaining. What works? For one, as already noted, the film scores decently as far as visuals go. For instance, the Italian locations are gorgeous and, although Brigitte Nielsen in all her 6-foot glory doesn't match the comic's depiction of Red Sonja, I have to admit that she's pleasant to look at, and her swordplay is pretty impressive. Also, the score by Ennio Morricone (famous for scoring all those spaghetti-Westerns back in the day, like \\"[[ASIN:B0011XBLUS The Good, The Bad, and the Ugly]]\\") is pretty good too, although no where near the exceptionality of Basil Poledouris' compositions for the first two Conan flick; those are in a league of their own.<br /><br />Also, although Prince Tarn & Falkon are roll-your-eyes characters, you can't help but start to like them as the story progresses. As a matter of fact, the story in general pretty much maintains your attention, despite the silly antics.<br /><br />Another plus is Sandahl Bergman as the villain queen, but the filmmakers dropped the ball here because she appears fully clothed from head to toe throughout. The thing is, although Sandahl's face isn't ultra-cute like Brigitte's, Sandahl has a killer body that far exceeds Brigitte's. But you won't see it here; you'll have to re-watch \\"Conan the Barbarian\\" for that. Not that I'm suggesting a need for nudity or sex; it's just that Sandahl's a gorgeous woman and they should have taken advantage of that with some more form-fitting attire to show-off her beauty. But she still looks great here, particularly in black hair and a cool mask.<br /><br />BOTTOM LINE: \\"Red Sonja\\" is a real mixed bag. It fails as a cinematic interpretation of REH's Hyborian world, but only because the filmmakers opted for kid-friendly goofiness at the expense of brutal S&S pseudo-reality. However, the film looks and sounds good, for the most part. Bergman and Nielsen are quality eye-candy and it is somewhat charming if you're inthe right frame of mind.<br /><br />GRADE: C- (but sometimes amuses to the level of C+ or B-)uses to the level of C+ or B-)
B0044RUSZM|4.0|I purchased this stand in hopes of clearing up some of my desk space so that I can have more room for papers and my drawing tablet. This stand does a great job at that, while remaining very minimal, I don't feel like it clutters up my desk. It works great with my 15\\" MacBook Pro, my roommate's 13\\" MacBook Pro, and even the occasional 17\\" Pro fits just fine on the stand, with no worries of it falling.  My ONLY complaint about the stand is that it is a bit wobbly. I trust the ability to support the laptop and I'm not afraid of it falling. But there is still movement, or flex, within the support beams. It shows if you ever bump into the desk, the laptop will move. It is also apparent when typing, as resting your hands on the laptop will cause the beams to flex a bit. But I believe this is just becoming of the nature of the product. A laptop stand consisting of two folded aluminum beams holding more than 5 pounds of weight is going to flex.  Shipped with Amazon Prime (a must have for online shoppers)
0670021652|3.0|Following her successful Eat, Pray, Love, Elizabeth Gilbert chucked what she wrote next, and tried again. The result, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage, comes through as a clear and confident voice that examines and explores matrimony. There's no escape from the irony that this author who concluded that marriage was not for her turns around and gets married. Isn't life like that? This book explores what brought Gilbert into matrimony and how entering this institution can be a great way to live.<br /><br />Rating: Three-star (Recommended)
B0053JJLLC|2.0|Sorry, but this book is not so good. Almost a laughable premise...VERY unlike his typical books. I am sorry I bought it. NOT recommended.
B000JMLFLW|5.0|I'm really liking the Kindle and its nearly unlimited supply of free books.  I'd read this book long ago, and still like it.  I like the dictionary feature in the software.  I'm going to give a couple of kindle this year for Christmas.  Better than a bookshelf filled with great classics like this one, don't know how anybody could give Pride and Prejudice anything but a five-star.
B0044XV3QY|5.0|Let me first squash some of the negative reviews that some previous reviewers have posted.<br /><br />First: At no time, are you forced to change disks mid movie. The entire movie, all three versions (yes I have watched them all), are on the first disk.<br /><br />Second: There were no scratches on my disks. I can see how this \\"may\\" be a hit or miss, but how the packaging was made, if they were taken out and put back in correctly, you will not scratch them.<br /><br />Third: If you try and play this movie on a blue-ray player that is not brand new and you have not updated it, chances are it will not work... well what does that mean? That means you need to UPDATE YOUR PLAYER. Plain and simple. Technology will constantly be improving and just like updates for your computer, you need to update your current player's software. Plain and simple.<br /><br />Now...lets talk about the set itself... in a single day, from 6:30 AM to 8PM, I had this on non-stop. It was that captivating. At first I started with the Director's 3 hour cut version of the film. 16 more minutes than the version we all saw in theaters. Some of the scenes were very helpful in explaining Sam's background and Grace's history with the Na'vi.<br /><br />For those of you watching this in 1080p, holy smokes! Just stunning images through every frame of the movie. The detail is amazing. A visual shmorgishborg that you'll not soon forget!<br /><br />I was so enthralled after watching that I dove right into all of the special features. For those of you who have an interest in film creation, this is your honey pot. Hours on end I watched as they went through every element of how they made this movie. There is even a section where you can watch over 45 minutes of the movie in dual windows as the final finished version and the reference cameras used on the performance capture set. I'm not going to spoil it too much for all of you, but that was such a treat.<br /><br />If you are one of those people who don't watch special features for movies, this one may be the one to break the mold. Some of the little things you'll see show how much DETAIL they insisted on when creating Avatar. Case in point, every piece of Na'vi clothing and jewelry, anything they wore or held or used, was designed and created in real life first, right down to the smallest bead. The attention to detail was mind blowing.<br /><br />For such an epic movie, all the special features were the perfect accompaniment, to make this an epic Blue-Ray set.<br /><br />So, for those of you who stayed to the end of this review, I salute you and hope you have a chance to enjoy this set as much as I did!!!<br /><br />Eywa ngahu!!!he mold. Some of the little things you'll see show how much DETAIL they insisted on when creating Avatar. Case in point, every piece of Na'vi clothing and jewelry, anything they wore or held or used, was designed and created in real life first, right down to the smallest bead. The attention to detail was mind blowing.   For such an epic movie, all the special features were the perfect accompaniment, to make this an epic Blue-Ray set.   So, for those of you who stayed to the end of this review, I salute you and hope you have a chance to enjoy this set as much as I did!!!  Eywa ngahu!!!
044654759X|2.0|The central characters of Nicholas Sparks' novel, Safe Haven, slowly develop a romantic relationship. Katie has fled to North Carolina to protect herself from an abusive relationship. Alex is a widower, now a single parent. We learn their backstories gradually, at the same pace as their relationship develops. At some point, Sparks departs from a gradual pace, accelerates the action, and resorts to a contrived character to perform a deus ex machina role. Readers who like soap opera fiction are those most likely to enjoy this novel.<br /><br />Rating: Two-star (Mildly Recommended)
1461190460|3.0|BIG disappointment!  The website \\"Look Inside\\" shows color pictures in the book.  This book (the paperback edition) has black and white pictures, NOT suitable for reading to children.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|The Hunger Games is a young-adult science fiction novel by Suzanne Collins.  In a future-based world with total government control, children are selected to fight to the death on live television.  A twist on the \\"roller-ball\\" idea, with a little 1984 tossed in.    The first-person present tense is difficult to hang on to.  First-person past tense works better, if you have to use first-person, which some folks do nowadays.  This is more than an average book, but the slow start keeps it from being a five-star book.  I'll need to read the next book in this adventure.
B0061S073A|5.0|this is the best app for the fire. it does things that xda developers can if I had ten stars this app would have them. look toward to updates
B0017SWPXY|2.0|I'm a dog lover that why i bought the book.  I have several dogs from 2 months puppy to 17 years old.  It seems to me he uses the dog as selling point.  The story is about racing car, I feel it was told by a human than a dog.  Fell in sleep while reading it.  I finished the book because i hoped that I would find something interesting, but not at all, quite a disappointment.
B005UG542S|5.0|I have tried several times to watch the many Harry Potter movies, and inevitably never finished one. So when I tell you this was a great movie, I really mean it from a \\"stand alone\\" position. I started watching this episode, and not really knowing much about the characters, or movies, I became quickly & thoroughly engrossed. Im almost a bit embarassed to have watched it, let alone become so totally engrossed in it. It made me want to go back and see all the older ones \\"so I'd get it\\" But here's the thing,I never was able to watch another one yet! So yea, you dont need to have ever seen any of the films to fall right in to this one!
B005OCFHHK|5.0|Great service, got an email and was told it will be sent out within a week or so, but I received it 5 days later. It's amazing. Thank you.
B003AO1SVS|5.0|I've been a fan since their first album and if I had to recommend an album in their catalog , it would be this one .
1451627289|5.0|an excellent fast and easy service on any order placed with amazon.com so far.Everything is professionally handled,(packing, et al).Many thanks to amazon.com, and those behind its successes.
B001O304UI|5.0|In terms of lyrics, production, and music, this is Pet Shop Boys' best album. It has a cohesion and maturity their previous albums, and many of their subsequent ones, lacked. Though it didn't have any big hits, especially in the US, it is their most enduring album. Being Boring is one of the most poignant songs about growing up you will ever hear, and others are not far behind. There is still plenty to dance to, as well, and ...Seriously, a dig at celibrity self-righteousness, shows they hadn't lost their cutting sense of humor. Essential.
0439023513|2.0|Read the Hunger Games and loved it so much, I bought this and the second book immediately. Everything I loved and admired about Katniss though from the first book is gone, lost. She had such a good heart, now what is she? She's not anything like she started, and doesn't even act like the same person.
B0063GORYU|4.0|Works smoothly.  However this game hangs up in one of the columns whenever an option of more than two suits has been selected. I circumvent this problem by staying with the two suit selection and still enjoy it very much.
B005PK1G76|5.0|Easy to put on the stroller.  Securely holds my Nalgene water bottle, iphone, keys, snack, burp cloth.  I am happy with this purchase, and the price is great.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This application is easy to use and exactally like the program you would find on any computer.  Perfect for.someone who just likes a simple app
B003O86FMW|4.0|Read the Hunger Games in two days, almost in one sitting.  Catching Fire wasn't as good, though still fun and it took a week to read as it wasn't as interesting. What I loved about the first one was katniss's innocence. She's so different this time.
B003Y7AR7C|2.0|I love the Nutcracker and have seen it live a couple of times. I especially love the music. This version of the Nutcracker is not like the ones I had seen previously and really enjoyed.  It seemed like there was \\"filler\\" music too.  I ended up selling it at a store and buying something else.
0307891372|5.0|Very usefull. With more than 600 pages, this guide will help you with any problem you may have within the numerous quests of this enormous game and will give you good advices about how to play it and how to make your charachter. An atlas is included with all the locations in Skyrim. You should use this guide carefully if you dont want to be excessively spoiled though. Also if you lift it above your head 1000 times with one hand, you become dovahkiin.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Loved the book almost as much as Stanek's Kingdoms books. Hunger Games is fantastic from start to end, and I couldn't wait to read the others. Read this before seeing the movie.
B004EPYZQM|5.0|I am very content with my order, it shipped incredibly fast and was in a solid and durable box for protection from being smashed in the mail. I would definitely rate my experience with this company a five star!
B005D9MUWY|5.0|I have a slight tremor, so I'm a terrible smart phone typist. With SwiftKey it doesn't matter.  It just corrected &quot;corevtegd&quot; to &quot;corrected&quot; - Enough said!
B0058EBNAO|5.0|the best weather app I've seen.. it has so many options.  If I had any complaint it would be that manual be added to show all the secret options that I keep finding. works great on Droid Rev. take the time to customize. you won't be disappointed.
B0051UP5NQ|5.0|It works great on my HTC Thunderbolt. It opens any attachments from microsoft office and opens any PDF files even excell spreadsheets.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Fascinating. I play it on my Kindle Fire.  Amazing graphics, clear as a bell and habit forming. Very fast response time.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Evernote didn't impress me at first glance, but once you spend some time it, the possibilities become apparent. This app deserves all the praise it gets.  5 STARS!
B000U0O9FM|1.0|Honestly, I'm one of those, \\"the book is always better than the movie,\\" type of people.  This 'book' was so thoroughly disappointing I'm going to the effort of putting my opinion into words here.<br /><br />For the most part this read is nothing more than an incomplete thought.  The writing style is simple. I recall an excessive number of typographical errors that simply should have been caught prior to print.<br /><br />If I've missed the mark, then I'm dense, if not then I'm obtuse, but this work could have come from your average, reasonably well educated, fourteen year old.  I must give the writer credit for inspiring a similar story, told better, with the same name.<br /><br />Thoughts on keywords: incomplete, juvenile, shallow, angst, directionless, disappointing
B005974CNA|3.0|After 3 listens, I have to chalk this album up as one of my least favorites by Dream Theater.  All the songs are decent mind you, but none of them 'rocks my socks' per se.  I'd still buy it, but it will definitely be one of the least (if not the least) played of my DT albums.
B001EN71CW|5.0|If you haven't seen this series then get this set and watch it in HD! One of the best series I've seen!  Highly recommend it to anyone really. not just sci-fi people.
B004VMVTNU|5.0|===== OLD REVIEW 12/16/11 (please see update below) =====<br /><br />When I bought this app, I only found one review that specifically mentioned the Kindle Fire. That review said it didn't work and mentioned a problem, but didn't really go into it. I can list all the issues and hopefully a developer will read this and make some fixes. I can't believe no one has told them about it yet though.<br /><br />*  There is no way to dismiss the alarm. The button does not work.<br />*  There is no way to delete or turn off a previously set (or currently \\"active\\") alarm.<br />*  If you turn on the math function, it still refuses to require the math problem making that setting useless. Simply put, you can still tap the snooze button.<br /><br />I'm not sure what else does and does not work because that's as far as I got. When I discovered that the alarm was going to go off for eternity (since there was no way to shut it off), I had to remove the app and there was no sense in my playing with the other bells and whistles.<br /><br />Oh and FYI, a reinstall didn't fix the problem either.<br /><br />The idea is a great one, it does have a lot of settings that appear helpful so it has a lot of promise, but since the few settings I required to begin with do not work, there is no reason to use it at all.<br /><br />Clearly this app requires a separate and updated Kindle Fire version and they really need to remove it from the compatibility list with Kindle Fire. It's a lie and I don't like companies who lie. Just saying.<br /><br />===== UPDATE: 4/11/12 =====<br /><br />This update is long overdue and I do apologize to the developers for the delay. The issues mentioned above have been fixed. For now, it works flawlessly.<br /><br />You can set a number of alarms that repeat or for the future or whatever. There are a bunch of sounds that are available and there just tons and tons of options. This is definitely a great app to have.<br /><br />My husband travels all over the country and this is perfect for his Kindle Fire.<br /><br />I highly recommend this app to any and everyone, even if you're a routine person. It is quite handy.his is perfect for his Kindle Fire.<br /><br />I highly recommend this app to any and everyone, even if you're a routine person. It is quite handy.
B003VS0CX8|5.0|Sound of Music DVD that I ordered was for a very good friend. She inform me it is awsome. I know that it was in very good shape.
0891419063|5.0|I love this book! My grandmothers brother fought along with these men as a marine in WWII. He and men like E.B. Sledge are the reason I earned the title of UNITED STATES MARINE many years ago, 2nd AAV Bat. 2nd Mar. Div. Sledgehammer tells it with grace and dignity. People hear about the war with Germany, and I had the good fortune to know many of those veterans, they fought hard and well. It's nice to see that finally the men that fought in the south pacific have the chance to be recognized. Here's to you uncle Walter
B0037YOMWS|1.0|Unfortunately, I have to report that this calculator and it's predecessor, the HP 20b have a bug. The depreciation schedules give incorrect results. If partial year beginning months are used the results will be inaccurate and not even sum to the value of the asset. Additionally the RBV/ RDV will be off as well. These units also calculate incorrectly when using DBXover. They will calculate the initial accelerated correctly, but when making the change to straight line, the depreciation numbers are off.<br />Declining balance also seems to be off. Perhaps the worst aspect of this: the depreciation does not sum to the value of the asset. Anyone relying on these numbers each year is losing money. HP should be ashamed. Bad numbers for TWO generations of calculators? It's unfortunate because this calculator is excellent in so many other ways.<br /><br />For the sake of credibility you should know that I am not a novice. I verified these numbers against other HP calculators, and other manufacturers. (I own every current model of financial calculator). I'm a financial consultant. This problem has also been reported by other users on HP forums.<br /><br />If you want a menu-driven calculator without any bugs I recommend the TI BAII Pro (which the HP 30B is designed upon) It has most of the functions of the HP 30B. The BA II PRO and the HP 12C are the only calculators accepted for the CFA exam.<br /><br />Update: An HP Calculator Group employee has stated, \\"we are aware of the issue\\" However, I have received no response requesting information if they intend to fix/ repair these calculators.<br /><br />April,2013: HP sent me a form letter stating that my service request has been closed. Nothing else.
B00005LOUQ|2.0|On the 3rd day of christmas 2011 Im going to review...The live action remake of The Grinch. The sets are poor at best. The camera work is awful. Jim Carrey's preformance as The Grinch is over-the-top & very cartoony even though his makeup is pretty cool. Some of the jokes are atrocious like the jokes on South Park. The story drugs on & on with pointless subplots. The Whos in this film are even worse then The Grinch himself. While it does follow the book at the 3rd act,its still a bad film. I give this film a 2 out of 10.
0670022411|5.0|This is the kind of witch/vampire story I've been waiting for.  Strong, modern and intelligent, the witch is 50 parts curiosity and 50 parts mystery.  Even she doesn't know what she is capable of doing.  The vampire is mystery, history and reluctant charm, hardly believing his good luck can be permanent.  Will all his love and strength be enough to save his love?  Deborah Harkness delves deep into both their psyches.  There are villains and scary parts, but the worst is wondering if and how the couple will survive with creatures on every side trying to tear them apart.  I am enjoying every page.  This is for the mature reader.
B004U52VPS|5.0|This game is a knock out!  In my family they are no longer asking for my phone but instead they have their own wars with the wood game and will play for hours!! Even though I had rescued some pieces from the most amazing places at home, I consider this game a treasure and has giving us a lot of fun!
B002MQYOFW|3.0|...other than the device of throwing teenagers into an arena to kill each other. Throwing people onto an island to kill each other was not a new plot when Takami picked it up. \\"Battle Royale\\" and \\"The Hunger Games\\" both have messages that are more important than just their plots, but they are after very, very different goals, here.<br /><br />\\"Battle Royale\\" was written by a journalist, and is a thinly-veiled condemnation of the Japanese college entrance exam system (colloquially known as \\"exam hell\\", though it has improved a bit in the last few years). The pressure to compete for spaces at elite schools turned students against their friends. Pals and classmates became competitors and enemies in the war to get your rankings as high as possible.<br /><br />\\"The Hunger Games\\" has a lot more to say about the way television can distort all the circumstances of whatever it turns its attention to. People who are plain become transcendently beautiful, self-destructive acts become heroic deeds, and small flaws are magnified into villainous failures of character. There's also quite a bit in there about the American experience of poverty.<br /><br />So, it stands on its own. \\"Hunger Games\\" is a lot better at delivering story satisfaction and character development than \\"Battle Royale\\". That said, the prose of \\"Hunger Games\\" is pretty uneven. Some passages really capture the heroine's struggle to fight for survival, and still stay true to herself. The best parts are definitely those where she is forced to stand in front of the cameras and face the spectacle that's being made of her and this life-and-death game, while still preserving as much of her moral center as she can. However, there's a lot of just plain good luck that comes her way. It was one deus ex machina too many, for me.
B005HSL626|1.0|Not compatible with Android Cruz T301 as stated :(. I have the biggest SD card you can use with it, and it still won't install. ?  I just wish it wouldn't state it's compatible if it isn't.
B006E4QCXU|5.0|You're not interested in any angry avians. You just want a little fidgety art toy that you can wiggle your fingers at like a wizard and control psychedelic touchscreen stars. This is what you want.
B004SBQGHS|1.0|Not compatible with Android Cruz T301 as stated :(. I have the biggest SD card you can use with it, and it still won't install. ?  I just wish it wouldn't state it's compatible if it isn't.
B00664AM5C|1.0|Nothing wrong with the film, it's the UltraViolet Digital copy you need to avoid.  This is a format that does absolutely nothing for the consumer, is unplayable on both PC and Apple products without additional software, and has a limited streaming life of 3 years then you have nothing.  I will never buy another Blu-ray/DVD/digital copy that has the Ultraviolet method.
B004SJ3BCI|1.0|Not compatible with Android Cruz T301 as stated :(. I have the biggest SD card you can use with it, and it still won't install. ?  I just wish it wouldn't state it's compatible if it isn't.
B002ZG9846|4.0|This movie is an exercise in sheer insanity. It's incredibly violent for one and the idea that a little girl (the appropriately named \\"Hit Girl\\" and played by an astounding Chloe Grace Moretz) could be portrayed as a sadistic murderess who undoubtedly enjoys killing bad guys in horrific ways is enough to offend anyone who can't see past the idea that it's not to be taken seriously. Her father, Big Daddy (played by Nicolas Cage in his trademark strange delivery), is another beast altogether. This film is a great take on the normal people thrown into extraordinary circumstances theme and while I personally feel the film loses it's way a little bit near the end, it's still very entertaining and worth watching. Aaron Johnson really nails the role of Kick-Ass and does a great job of making you root for him while Christopher Mintz Plasse is great as Red Mist as well. I'd think twice before letting little kids see this, in case you thought this was family friendly fare.<br /><br />I would recommend this Blu Ray solely on the strength of the extensive making-of documentary included, which shows you in detail just about every facet of interest regarding the film's production. I was hooked once I started watching it and if you are interested in well made behind-the-scenes documentaries, I would gladly recommend this. It's long and exhaustive but really does a good job of showing what film productions are like and just how much of a risk on the part of the filmmakers was taken to bring this film to light.<br /><br />If you like the film and/or the comics, do yourself a favor and pick up this disc as they did justice to it. The audio and video transfers are top notch and you get a good amount of content here to justify a purchase and addition to your library.
B0058VW36U|1.0|Not compatible with Android Cruz T301 as stated :(. I have the biggest SD card you can use with it, and it still won't install. ?  I just wish it wouldn't state it's compatible if it isn't.
B005PW3OS8|2.0|I expected a lot from CAPTAIN AMERICA considering it got very good reviews from critics and moviegoers alike. I am in the minority in that I did not find it to be that great of a movie. My reason is pretty simple: the movie is packed with amazing special effects, is stylish, rich, and honestly looks fantastic. Unfortunately the characters are a major let down.<br /><br />To have a good protagonist, you need a few things. One is a special skill, ability, or other reason to like them that differentiates them from secondary characters. Maybe they are a great leader (Patten), have a brilliant mind (Sherlock Holmes), are athletically gifted (Chariots of Fire), etc... They also need a good weakness, something that shows their human side. Sherlock is a dope fiend. Patton can't see the basic human needs of his soldiers. You get the idea. It's the interplay of the greatness and the weakness that makes them interesting and fun to root for. Luke Skywalker is likeable as much for his massive potential as a Jedi as for his naivety and occasional stupidity.<br /><br />As far as I can tell, Captain America's only weakness is that he started out very weak. That's cured in the first 15 minutes of the movie, leaving a character so virtuous, powerful, and convincingly good that the central question of his ultimate success is never in doubt. He is stronger, faster, and just so gosh darn-it likeable that his larger struggles against Red Skull and his minor romantic complications seem overbearingly devoid of risk. You could argue that his being overlooked as a soldier and turned into a marketing piece for the Army would constitute a weakness, but that is an external factor, not an internal one. I wanted his former psychology of being the little guy, the weak one, the picked on, to take him interesting places. Not create an emotional shambles, but at least present challenges for him. What do you do when you suddenly have the power you never experienced before? I wanted to see him make a few mistakes and learn from them.<br /><br />Couple that with weak secondary characters most of which are introduced messily (the united nations team of misfit soldiers, all of whom seem modeled of someone else, rather than actually being someone themselves are the prime example), and you have a movie with a lot of pop and little substance.<br /><br />The story is average, but feels too full of stuff with nothing really explored that well. Red Skull had the potential to be frightening, but he basically whines to his minions when things don't go his way, hides, or escapes. He only faces Captain when Captain forces the issue, and again, it's resolved so quickly and easily, the audience never has to worry about the outcome. Antagonists should be frightening, not just unlikable. Contrast Red Skull with the most recent incarnation of the Joker from THE DARK KNIGHT if you want to know exactly what I mean. The Joker terrified because he was not dependent on anyone else, because he had gravitas, because he was so much the antithesis of Batman. Red Skull is just a Nazi with incredible strength. He's no more or less frightening than a normal man with normal abilities.<br /><br />I would argue Captains' finest antagonist would be a character who is strong through his mind and devilishness, not brute strength. Someone to juxtapose the raw Tim Tebow-ness of Captain against malicious forethought and planning. I wanted Captain up to his eyeballs in stress, fighting for his life against traps and dirty tricks. Give him meaningful, complicated choices that expose the man under the Red-White-and-Blue.<br /><br />All in all CAPTAIN AMERICA was an ok movie. I did not hate it. I just did not find it fulfilling. It does have a few great moments, probably the best of which involves the movie staple of forced moral decision (should I catch the bad guy or save the baby / old woman / falling buss of nuns) and takes it a very funny and unexpected direction. Other highlights include a very welldone chase scene, and the film's first 5 minutes which harken back to the X-files or ABYSS in their creepy perfection.<br /><br />2.5 / 5 Stars. Worth renting, not buying.harken back to the X-files or ABYSS in their creepy perfection.   2.5 / 5 Stars. Worth renting, not buying.
B004SD5GZ4|1.0|Not compatible with Android Cruz T301 as stated :(. I have the biggest SD card you can use with it, and it still won't install. ?  I just wish it wouldn't state it's compatible if it isn't.
B006INDMEE|5.0|This movie was one of my favorite of 2011. I think the acting was amazing, the filming was incredible. I loved everything about it. I've seen this movie at least 5 times and have referred it to so many friends. WATCH IT!!
B004SBS8LA|1.0|Not compatible with Android Cruz T301 as stated :(. I have the biggest SD card you can use with it, and it still won't install. ?  I just wish it wouldn't state it's compatible if it isn't.
B000AP04L0|5.0|It was a gift so I don't know how good it was but there must not be a problem because I've not heard anything bad.
B004RJMUJO|1.0|Not compatible with Android Cruz T301 as stated :(. I have the biggest SD card you can use with it, and it still won't install. ?  I just wish it wouldn't state it's compatible if it isn't.
B004J8HX5E|5.0|As web and graphic designer, this book has been indispensable in my business. It gives me a jump start on all new projects and provides that edge that can get me the right color result to fit the criteria in fulfilling a client's needs.
B004SJ3AXI|1.0|Not compatible with Android Cruz T301 as stated :(. I have the biggest SD card you can use with it, and it still won't install. ?  I just wish it wouldn't state it's compatible if it isn't.
0439023513|3.0|It is true that the second novel in this series was \\"Catching Fire\\" but the fire was quickly extinguished in this third installment. The book opens up in total disorientation from the first and this sets the mood for the whole novel. Many parts could have been left out if you want a good read, skip to the third part. It seems like there was an expected agreement (much like the Capitol) to make three books in a Twilight/Harry Potter format, however this series fails to compete. I still enjoyed the read and it wasn't bad, but some parts just seemed loosely written and you would get lost (literally) in the storyline. This makes the writing bittersweet to me along with the ending. It teaches you a good lesson and definitely gives you hope but you can't help but wonder what happened to everybody! :-( Especially with the many losses. However, I did like the series and it was a good read, just not great.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|Not compatible with Android Cruz T301 as stated :(. I have the biggest SD card you can use with it, and it still won't install. ?  I just wish it wouldn't state it's compatible if it isn't.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|Got here quickly and in perfect condition. Just in time to get in the Christmas mood.Enjoy it and we will suggest you to friends and buy from you another time. Thanks again.
B004SBX112|1.0|Not compatible with Android Cruz T301 as stated :(. I have the biggest SD card you can use with it, and it still won't install. ?  I just wish it wouldn't state it's compatible if it isn't.
B004YF6MHW|5.0|I got this ap for 10 cents and uninstalled 2 other effects aps. It does have zoom and plenty of add on toys. Only ap better is HD paid from Amazon to really improve camera shots on Htc TB with 8 mp camera. Also can change to front camera in ap.  thanks dev.
B0038AL7LA|3.0|This review is of the Caligula [Blu-ray + DVD] [1979].  My complaint is that the Special Features on the Blu-ray disc did not function. Other than that, it was acceptable.
B00275EHJG|5.0|My g/daughter will be so happy with this.  Thank you for sending this so quickly.  Looking forward to seeing her face when she watches this movie with me!
B000A0GYD2|5.0|Tom Hanks and company did a stellar job of putting the history of the Space program together. It's his Apollo 13 on steroids.
B0050QV0RQ|5.0|there's a reason why this is rated so high. this game is great, it feels like a great old school rpg.
B005HSG3TC|1.0|Very diappointed with the quality of this product, specifically the hinged portion which was designed to keep the Kindle Fire upright in the horizontal position so hands free operations could be utilized. At the slightest movement, the cover becomes undone, falling, leaving you to either reattempt construction or give up in frustration. So in conclusion, I too am surprised that Kindle would endorse this item on their flagship product. Perhaps Marware should recall their disfuctional product or at least pull it from the shelves to eleviate further dissapointed customers.
B006JXDXZG|5.0|I have always loved watching Bones. I love how it has progressed from all about blood to more relationship stuff. As a mother, I am really glad that they brought babies into it...and more family stuff. The actors are amazing and watching Bones since season 1, I have grown to know all the charactors and I am super impressed. Love, Love, Love, Bones. Incredible, enlighting, entergetic, emotional, supensful and amazing.
B004SKHJF2|5.0|I don't know about the bad reviews. I've had this since day one and it has never let me down. I can't vouch for soundhound, don't feel I need to. Shazam never once missed a tag, from the 3 sec tv show or the car with the windows open.
B00005JMFQ|5.0|Love Actually is an endlessly watchable Christmas treat.  Conceived as a series of loosely connected vignettes (the characters all know each other, to a degree) in the manner of Robert Altman's Nashville, Love Actually takes the theme of love and explores it in scenes alternately hilarious and heartbreaking, with some startling originality and rarely any missteps.<br /><br />The standout is probably Bill Nighy's turn as an aging,  Keith Richards-type rocker aiming for one more hit record, but Hugh Grant is notable too for giving one of his most likable performances ever as an all-too human Prime Minister falling for his new personal assistant.  Then there's Emma Thompson, who gives one of the all-time best performances I've ever seen as the cruelly treated wife of Alan (Harry Potter's Snape) Rickman.  Watch Thompson in the scene where she's alone in her bedroom, steeling herself to go out to a school Christmas concert with her family; a master class in film acting!<br /><br />Less effective is Laura Linney in a story about a frustrated office romance; Linney never seems truly connected to the character or her lines, in contrast to her smooth boss Rickman, who can take the most mundane lines and actions and wallow in then with all kinds of \\"actor-ish\\" nuance, \\"biz\\", and innuendo (Watch how he chews the scenery while advising Linney on her love life) and somehow never seem false!  Maybe it's Rickman's Snape-like cool that does it!<br /><br />One or two of the plots are just plain silly, particularly Kris Marshall's \\"American Girls\\" fantasy, as is Martin Freeman's uproarious meet-cute with Joanna Page (Must be seen to be believed!).  But they're meant to be just fun relief between the more serious bits (Linney's, or Liam Neeson's grieving widower scenes).  Sometimes it's the smallest details that get the biggest laughs; watch how Kris Marshall (as \\"sex-god\\" Colin Frisell), standing in Arrivals at Heathrow Airport, actually steals a scene from beautiful Shannon Elizabeth with a knowing look to his buddy!  Marvellous.<br />Writer-director Richard Curtis got his start in British TV with such shows as Mr. Bean and Black Adder and then the hit film Four Weddings and A Funeral.  As in Four Weddings, Love Actually is by no means perfect, BUT it has more than enough great scenes, so generously stuffed with some of Britain's finest character actors, truly too numerous to mention, to make you smile, if not laugh, all the way through.  Great, adult Christmas entertainment.his buddy!  Marvellous.    Writer-director Richard Curtis got his start in British TV with such shows as Mr. Bean and Black Adder and then the hit film Four Weddings and A Funeral.  As in Four Weddings, Love Actually is by no means perfect, BUT it has more than enough great scenes, so generously stuffed with some of Britain's finest character actors, truly too numerous to mention, to make you smile, if not laugh, all the way through.  Great, adult Christmas entertainment.
B006GECE9Y|5.0|Flexible, responsive, intuitive and quite easy to use.  Better than Opera and much better than browser that comes with the Nook Tablet.
B0030Y11XS|5.0|Capitalism is a must-see film depicting greedy fatcats, and how consumption has eroded the American dream. In this masterpiece of a film, Michael Moore sheds light on big business and its quest for even greater wealth at the expense of working people. Moore traces the roots of capitalism back many decades, and how the door for deregulation was swung open by our 40th president (Ronald Reagan). Despite warnings by the 39th president (Jimmy Carter), the culture of corruption was cemented and appears here to stay. As usual, Moore tells a sad story in a humorous way, and goes as far as yellow-taping a building as a crime scene. He also interviews airline pilots who are receiving food stamps, and how people's dignity has been crushed as a result of huge pay cuts. Finally, he shows how sophisticated trading schemes allow the rich to make billions of dollars on Wall Street, and how the housing market collapsed, and the resulting taxpayer-funded bailout. This film is simply brilliant, and doesn't exaggerate, in my opinion. Moore tells it like it is, and makes it entertaining.
B005K17RU0|5.0|quick to see the remainder of the day then to head to more detail, fast easy to use all around good
B003TJR2HS|5.0|This connector was just what I was looking for.  I needed an extension so my iPhone with an Otterbox case would fit into a sound dock.  On top of that it has an extra power port so I can connect the iPhone to my tv to play a movie and connect a power supply into the extension to keep the phone charged.  Seems to be high quality materials.  Extension is 1.3\\" long.  Manuf web site: [...]
0634022296|5.0|This song book is just what I needed. It doesn't have the music or TABs, just the lyrics and the chords. It's arranged alphabetically so the songs are easy to find. It has all but a few songs on two pages so that you don't have to flip to the next page to play the song. The only thing that is annoying with any edge bound book is that the pages always try to flip themselves unless you bend back the binding which tends to break the binding over time. This time I took the book to Kinkos and had the binding cut off and had the book spiral bound so that it lays flat.
0618477942|4.0|I've read plenty of graphic novels and autobiographies, but this one sets itself apart with it's meticulous attention to detail. But, at times, I also feel that's its downfall. The story is compelling, but the achronological presentation can be a be off putting. Sometimes the achronological order is a bonus, as the chapter is tied together by a theme or feeling. Other times it just feels a bit of a mess. While I loved the book at first, by the time I was done, I felt like it had gone on a little too long and that the additional information in some sections didn't add anything other than fulfilling the author's need to keep writing. Editing out a chapter or two, I feel, would greatly have improved this book, putting it as one of my top recommendations. As it stands, I still think it is a good read and I liked the art too. I also find her vocabulary interesting, there were a few words that I didn't know, which rarely happens to me. She manages to pull this off while sounding like this is how she normally thinks and talks vs trying to impress the reader or seem smarter than she is. I recommend it especially to those who are big into literature (lots of allusions) and like detail oriented memoirs.
B005K17RU0|5.0|best weather app I've found to date even better than any paid. one you will find..and this one is free
B002BJGYV2|3.0|I love Gilmore Girls and have every season. The disks work great but the case was broken when I bought it including the part that holds the 6 dvds together. This is very inconvenient since every time I go to open it, the dvds fall out.
B0000630YA|3.0|I was a huge fan of The Coop when this was released. I was mad that he broke up the original group. When I heard this I was incensed because Alice was just regurgitating old songs. Cold Ethyl = I Love The Dead. Steven = Ballad of Dwight Fry. Department of Youth = Public Animal #9. Then it became a huge hit and all my friends who didn't own a single AC record bought this one. The kiss of death as far as I was concerned. But if you ignore the history, and put aside that Alice wrote better songs with the same themes before this, it's really not a bad album after all.
B000022TSY|2.0|The dvd that I ordered was supposed to be NEW not USED.  After all that is what I paid for.  I received the USED DVD no plastic wrappomg, this DVD is a Christmas gift.  False advertising and poor business.
B000002KDS|3.0|Killer is not as compelling an album as Love It To Death. Alice is writing songs for the stage show. Under My Wheels and Be My Love are great garage rock songs, but You Drive Me Nervous and Yeah Yeah Yeah are throwaways. Dead Babies and Killer are song and instrumental montages written solely as backdrops to the stage show Alice was performing at the time, so they become a little tiresome on record. Not as much as a step forward as Love It To Death, and not up to the par of School's Out or Billion Dollar Babies, but a good hard rock album nonetheless.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|I absolutely love this record, I will never get sick of it!! My favorite songs are Rolling In The Deep, Someone Like You, Set Fire to the Rain, Turning Tables and Rumour Has It. The passion and soul she uses is like no another. I <3 Adele :)
1451627289|5.0|I was shopping one Saturday afternoon and passed this book in the book aisle and immediately did a double take. 11/23/63. The title gave away the book's premise and I was immediatley attracted to the time travel thing and the idea of going back in time to Dallas in November 1963 to thwart the Kennedy assassination. A lot of people probably don't have time to read a 845 page novel, but this book just draws the reader in like the time portal that is introduced to us about twenty pages into it. It's doubtful that a shorter version, trimmed by 300 pages, would have been as satisfying. Sounds like a cliche' but, literally, you won't be able to put this book down. I was doubly convinced that I had to read this book after listening to Stephen King himself being interview about this latest work of his on National Public Radio. He conveyed the premise of his novel with such intriguing detail. Years ago, upon finishing Larry McMurtney's western novel Lonesome Dove I actually felt sad to say goodbye to that story and its characters. I'm sure that I'm feel equally blue after finishing King's 11/23/63. Certain books are hard to say goodbye to. I highly recommend this book.
B00007J5VN|5.0|I had a crush on Shirley MacLaine in college in the 70's.  In \\"Sweet Charity\\" she is at her peak. Performance...  You will like this DVD!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|great application,  brest value, and free, I am carrying this and a tablet and leave the printed Bible at home noe.
B00321QLRU|5.0|Thanks BBC for making this happen! Breathtaking views for the whole family!  Amazon - the streaming quality is good. Thanks! I was almost bying a Blue-Ray player only for this series to get the \\"full\\" HD experience, but again the HD streaming is very good - way better than a DVD :)
B004SBX112|2.0|call me an angry customer, starts off easy enough but then gets too difficult for me, still has angry bird ads although the banner ads are gone, have to be connected drains battery and might make me pull an Alec Baldwin on a plane, frustrating. this version may cure my addiction.
B001EN71CW|5.0|I love this television series. I have watched the entire thing over ten times. Great Story lines and great character builds. Joss Whedon is a god. I can not recommend this title enough. It's a sci-fi, comedy, action, romance, horror, government conspiracy, Epic storyline.
B005ORVMCY|5.0|Seeing all these negative reviews are quite odd to me as I have had absolutely NO trouble at all w/ any of these cds! Sector 1 was superb! Sector 2 working on Disc 3 so far..... so, so far, so good!! Very pleased! :)
B0000009SY|4.0|Joe's Garage is over 100 minutes long, and saying this album is incredibly diverse would be an understatement.  This album does just about every style you can imagine.  However, it's not always entertaining.  I'm not ALWAYS impressed.  In fact 2 or 3 songs in particular downright stink if you ask me.  I'll get to them later.  \\"The Central Scrutinizer\\" is the funky-based (and fairly forgettable, truth be told) intro to the popular, recurring theme you will hear through narration that dominates the in between period of just about every song here, and it's always said in a low, whispering tone with Frank's typical bag of quirky and creative (and highly intelligent) tricks.  It should be noted however, that the main theme that occupies Joe's Garage is the highly offensive subject of sex.  Frank doesn't hold back at ALL.  His choice of words can easily offend anyone who's uncomfortable with this kind of content.  Pretty groundbreaking and daring for 1979.  The title song is the famous hit song.  You know I've only ever heard exactly ONE Zappa song on classic rock radio in all my life, and this is it!  Hard to believe isn't it?  A man with such an overwhelming and distinctive legacy and yet, severely neglected by radio stations.  Anyway the song is based on an unforgettably catchy and repetitive vocal melody, but I *love* it.  \\"Catholic Girls\\" is based around a cartoon-like verse melody and the subject of naughtiness of course!  You really didn't think it was about religion and girls behaving in church, did you?  Don't say yes because I won't believe you!  I swear certain elements of this song remind me of the blue-eyed man himself, Frank Sinatra.  \\"Crew Slut\\" contains a country-flavored verse melody and lyrics about... well isn't it obvious?  I've never heard Zappa attempt the southern rock genre, but he does briefly here in the guitar solo.  I especially love the Mississippi blues harmonica work.  \\"Fembot in a Wet T-Shirt\\" continues the theme of sex.  Hey don't say I didn't warn you!  It's *everywhere* on this album.  I admire the upbeat vocal melody, but the second half of the song is probably most memorable for the way Zappa pretends to host an actual wet t-shirt contest, and a dirty girl claiming to do anything for 50 bucks.  What's perhaps unintentionally funny is the part when Zappa speaks intelligently and the girl probably can't understand a single thing he's saying so she waits for Zappa to give her the go ahead and show the audience her chest, lol.    \\"On the Bus\\" is a marvelous Carlos Santana-like guitar jam.  One thing's for sure, Zappa knows how to mimmick Santana's style remarkably well- check out \\"The Sheik Yerbouti Tango\\" for further proof.  \\"Why Does it Hurt When I Pee?\\" (because you have a urinary infection perhaps?) reminds me of John Lennon's \\"I'm Losing You\\" thanks to the background guitars.  Good song.  Unfortunately a major weak point is the final song from Act I titled \\"Lucille Has Messed My Mind Up\\".  It's a light, soulful ballad with gently-performed reggae beats that carry the rhythm.  The problem is that, one, it's not very interesting musically to begin with, and two, the chorus is reeeeeally overdone in the cheese factor.  The lyrics actually sound compassionate but, they can't be, can they?  Surely not from a Zappa album!  \\"Token of my Extreme\\" has hilarious lyrics about sexually pleasing one's self with machines.  It's entirely a vocal melody-driven track, which is a rarity for Zappa.  He's too much of an instrumental specialist so this kind of tune is surprising.  \\"Stick It Out\\" is a REALLY good upbeat disco-influenced song.  A rare moment that actually sounds like the year it was released- 1979.  \\"Sy Borg\\" is a pretty mediocre song if you ask me.  It's some kind of terribly lushy romantic ballad with lyrics pertaining to robotic sex.  It's sort of embarrassingly disastrous from a lyrical standpoint and I don't care for the vocal melody at all.  Plus it's overlong by a good 5 minutes.  Ugh.  \\"Dong Works for Yuda\\" resembles a slow-paced doo wop melody.  This song feels like total fluff but at least it's less offensive than usual.  \\"Keep it Greasy\\" has funky vocals that are entirely generic, but the good news is that the guitar jam is *extraordinary*.  This is actually what I was WAITING for!  Zappa letting loose and showing us why he's such a top-notch guitar player.  The greatest thing about this jam is how Zappa manages to get even MORE inventive with his solos as it rolls forward.  The vocals that take up the first portion of the song are only relatively catchy.  \\"Outside Now\\" contains dreamy and hypnotic soulful vocals.  Now this may sound bizarre, but my favorite is about 1 minute in when a really creepy guitar solo appears out of *nowhere*.  I was honestly not expecting a guitar solo to appear at THAT particular spot, and it's a highly memorable one.  Another quality moment of guitar work appears at the 4-minute mark.  I love it!  \\"He Used to Cut the Grass\\" begins the same exact way as the previous song (despite being the first song from Act 3) before quickly turning into a bluesy guitar jam reminiscent of Eric Clapton during his classic years (or his Cream days if you wish).  The lyrics are funny because they're about a complaining neighbor yelling and screaming over loud music and threatening to call the police.  Clever how this neighbor character speaks *while* the guitar solo is taking place near the end, obviously trying to prove that the band doesn't care WHAT the neighbor thinks.  \\"Packard Goose\\" is all about a tropical island party-type atmosphere.  A guitar jam appears after a decent (and totally goofy) vocal melody and it borders on space rock after a few minutes in.  A highlight in guitar skills for sure.  \\"Watermelon in Easter Hay\\" isn't *quite* the masterpiece many believe it is.  It's a 9 minute guitar instrumental, but you know, I'm really surprised how repetitive and simplistic at least 6 minutes of it is.  It's pretty underwhelming by Zappa standards.  He's not someone who usually repeats the same few notes over and over (at least, not when he's laying down some guitar work) so despite how instantly melodic it is, I find the song disappointing overall.  Only around the 4-minute mark does Zappa jams for a couple minutes does it REALLY improve in my opinion.  \\"Little Green Rosetta\\" is the worst song here by *far*.  It's a happy tune with handclaps, dance beats and female vocals.  It's catchy but, just like the previous track, WAY too repetitive.  It sounds dated too.  It actually sounds older than 1979.  More like 1970 and something you'd hear from the Partridge Family.  The lyrics about third world countries had potential but misses the mark thanks to the other uninteresting factors.  Overall, Joe's Garage has several fantastic moments, but a good 30 minutes is pretty underwhelming so I can't say it's Frank Zappa's best album or even put it in his top 10 for that matter.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|Love this game.  My 3 year old grandson & I have a great time with this game and we have a hard time putting it down.  I wonder if the board game could be as much fun?
B004124VG2|5.0|The album arrived within a very reasonable amount of time and I have been playing it nonstop since I got it.  This transaction went very smoothly and I definitely appreciate this seller's efficiency!
B005N95JA4|5.0|THE SOME GIRLS CD IS GREAT WE ALL KNOW THAT. I CAN NOT STOP PLAYING THE SECOND DISC OF BONUS TRACKS! YEA I HAVE TONS OF BOOTLEG RECORDS AND CDS BUT THIS STUFF IS SO CLEAN AND WELL DONE IT BLOWS MY MIND AND HAS ME AT 18 YEARS OLD AGAIN INSTEAD OF THE 51 I AM! EVERYBODY I PLAY IT FOR FEELS THE SAME WAY! IF YOU LOVE THE STONES THIS IS FOR YOU! THIS WAS MY CHRISTMAS PRESENT FROM THE ROLLING STONES.
B003Y5HWMW|5.0|I see most negative reviews mostly center around the gratuitous nudity.  Let it be noted that anybody who would define this as X rated has never seen such a film.  That being said, I did have the sense most of the sex was pointless and therefore boring, and there the similarities with porn end.  \\"The Borgias\\" certainly suffered from the same disease of needing to draw in audiences that would otherwise have had their attention spans strained to the breaking point without this sort of filler.  It's a numbers game.  (I wish \\"Rubicon\\" would have played out half its intrigue in the bedroom, as we might have gotten a second season - for I have never seen a better show).  Otherwise I can find little fault with this production.  The show follows the book fairly accurately through the first 6 or so episodes, but does get a tad rushed toward the end.  (Still light years ahead of what a movie can due - sorry, but LOTR was butchered).  Acting and script are outstanding.  Sean Bean will be sorely missed.  Peter Dinklage is brilliant and I was thrilled to see him awarded an Emmy for this role.
B004EPYZQ2|5.0|Who cares if it resembles something from the 80's, thats what makes is awesome.  Goonies, ET, Jurassic Park even.  Best movies of all time are finally back!  This movie took what I loved about all those movies and make something AWESOME.  I've missed the pure innocents of those movies.  Now a day you have waaaaaaaaaaaaay to much special effects and trying to out do another trilogy.  I love it.  I feel like a kid again when I watch it.
B0055SWM08|5.0|This app really feels like an hour of deep meditation! Even when I get stuck, the interface is so relaxing that I don't get frustrated.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Maneuver your water droplet around a maze, collecting pearls while avoiding spikes, dead ends, and infinite loops.  First few levels are trivial, but it gets trickier as you progress.  Addictive!
B0001XLW26|4.0|I like this film, which can be a cleaner version of drug and alcohol addiction. Sandra Bullock and Viggo Mortensen  are terrific but the film can be unrealistic regarding drugs and alcohol and becoming clean in 28 days. It follows the AA model and clearly a \\"white\\" addiction and fails to address the revolving door that any addiction can resume and lacks the prostitution aspect. However, the film displays usual facets of addiction recovery which can be relationship development, sabotage and a lack of the impact with family system development by only blaming the addict, and not addressing the vital forces of trauma, mental illness and co-dependency with addiction.
B001PB3RU8|5.0|A album has never hit me with the amount of intensity like this one.I have listened to thousands of albums over the years.  She is a classic and should be for some time.
B000U1ZV8K|4.0|Martin Riggs (Mel Gibson) a troubled cop, on the edge and has an edge so don't piss him off partnered with Roger Murtaugh (Danny Glover)who is 50 years old, has a wife, kids and may kiss it all good-bye because his new partner has a death-wish, which is perhaps my favorite scene. Sometimes I wish though these trilogies would halt from the top. The first film is five stars in my book and the rest are 3 to 4 stars because they get more noisy, more killings, more unrealistic/sensational and lose their touch of the dynamic duo whom uncover a sting instead of too many other nuances. However each season can capture part of the magic during the first with some very funny scenes with Joe Pesci (Leo Getz)who catches a shark all the while Riggs and Murtaugh have a touching \\"below the belt\\" moment. Then there is Chris Rock with the former cell phone debacle before the government learned how to tax the enterprise. Plus Pesci and Gibson recapture this touch at his former wife's grave until Gibson acts as though he ruptured his spleen when his live-in love (Rene Russo) is on the way to deliver their baby. I feel as though Martin Riggs missed the point of froggie. Lethal Weapon 2,3 and 4 have good plots and chemistry yet the extra racket can rattle ones' cage.
B004I1WIWU|5.0|I was only a casual fan and enjoyed hearing her on the radio before I purchased this record.  She is truly incredible and it sounds amazing on vinyl.  I would recommend this record for any fan of folk, blues, or soul.  She is a good blend of it all.    Love it!
B004DLPXAO|5.0|I just got my first smart phone.  The previous owner had put the Kindle app on it, so I checked it out.  So far, I've read three books and I have no real complaints.  I was previously considering buying an e-reader, but this lil guy takes care of that for me.  Sure, it's not as big as an actual e-reader, but I can read from it fine.  And you can read in the dark without a problem.  I read a book over two days and it didn't seem to utterly drain my battery.    It was free and I read free books from it.  Win-win.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|I purchased a Coby Kyros tablet for my daughter for Christmas and wanted to put this app on it. It would constantly force close and go back to the home page I could not even play it. I called and they said that my tablet was compatible so what is going on?? SOOOO FRUSTRATED
B003ITZBVS|5.0|I read some of the reviews on alot of these videos and I have to say...Some people have too much time on their hands. I used to read comics looong ago and have watched some of these on catoon network, so I bought them. What else can you say? They are cartoons and are meant to be enjoyed; not critiqued to death for not being what some people think they should be....Anyhow, this was a fun movie and it is definately meant for an older crowd. Pop it in and enjoy!
1451648537|5.0|I got the book and it is a hard cover in new condition, its great and their are some photos as well. Very informative about this genius life that was short..
0439023513|5.0|My 15 year old daughter has read all three books in the series and did so in less than two weeks.  My son, who hates to read is starting Mockingjay right now after devouring the first two in the series. My wife is on Mockingjay right now as well.<br />I am very appreciative to any author that can write a book that makes it fun for my kids to read.<br />Great entertainment!
B004A8ZWWE|5.0|Our lives are not determined by what happens to us, but by how we react to what happens; not by what life brings to us, but by the attitude we bring to life. A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst...a spark that creates extraordinary results.   Is not merely a sentimental movie about father and son, but also what attitude you assume facing a problem(s). Outstanding!
0446547654|1.0|If I were Nicholas Spark's wife I would be afraid!!  Why does he feel it is necessary to kill off so many of his characters?  Does he know of no other way to end a story? In this instance I didn't care.  This was a very tired story and the charachters had no depth.  I found the story very tedious and didn't even finish it but did look at the last few pages to see that Dawson was as dead as the story.
B005ORVN1Y|5.0|Excellent set from an amazing band.  Rush have always put of excellent albums and while most of us have all these on vinyl tape and cd the sectors box set is worth the money.  The 5.1 mix is excellent and the albums are remastered to sound even better.  This era of rush id very influential and the sound is crystal clear big and bold with screaming guitar solos which to me is Lifesons signature sound, big beats and fills by the Professor Neil Peart, and choppy licks and excellent bass and keyboard layering from Dirk Geddy Lee...Rush should be in the rock and roll hall of fame and I ask any of you who read this to 1. buy the sectors you will not be disappointed and 2. go online and fine the petition and sign it to get rush into the rock and roll hall of fame...come on its a no brainer the beastie boys just got inducted but no rush its a crime...Ciao
B006671NPM|4.0|The movie itself is great. seeing this saga come to an end is quite sad. so far as the 3D conversion, they did an okay job but it looks like they got the parallax a bit off on the conversion leaving very little popping out of the screen... it's okay if all you care about is depth but unless you have a bluray player with parallax adjustment or playback software that allows you to adjust it you will never see the eye popping 3D that many of us have come accostomed to with many of the 3D films currently available.    how i rate this movie on a scale of 1 to 10-  storyline, cast interaction and overall film - 10  3D - 4.5
1597801585|4.0|Science fiction, despite decades of history that stretches the definition of the term and splinters it into subgenres, can still be looked at as a more-or-less coherent whole, and certain overarching trends can be seen within it throughout its history. Paolo Bacigalupi's The Windup Girl exemplifies a number of those trends. Three of them will be explored here: the changing settings commonly used in science fiction, science fiction's complex relationships with the Other, and the use of science fiction as a means of exploring present day problems.    Science fiction has always been used as a means of exploring, and the settings sci-fi stories are placed in have traditionally reflected that intent. Often the goal was to in a sense explore the places that were unfamiliar to humanity at large, or the people or situations that might be found there. Stories therefore tended to be set very far away from the familiar- 20,000 leagues under the sea, on the moon, or on worlds that could only be accessed by a blue box capable of traveling in time and in space. As time has passed, however, that has become increasingly less frequently the accepted setting for science fiction. Stories are more often being placed closer to home, often in Earth's present, near-future, or familiar parts of our past. The aforementioned traveling blue box, from the Doctor Who science fiction series, exemplifies that trend: the older doctors were off-planet far more frequently than the current batch, who are busy warding off yearly alien invasions of London. Windup Girl continues this trend, set in a Thailand which is clearly in Earth's not-so-distant future. This trend suggests that as reading audiences have become more sophisticated, we're finding more and more to explore in places closer to home- the differences can be more subtle and still hold power. That impression is reinforced when we notice that Windup Girl, although set on Earth, is set in a country with which most of its readers have little experience. Differences in culture and climate, although probably subtler than differences between planets, are now enough to capture our imaginations. History also tends to suggest that environments that were once wholly alien, ripe for exploration, are now less so: we've been to the moon, and we've been using telescopes and deep-space probes to thoroughly explore celestial bodies further afield for some time now. To find fresh territory, it seems literature must return to the old.    Connected to science fiction's response to other cultures is science fiction's response to what might be called the Other, or otherness, where that term refers to living beings different in some respect from ourselves. Human history has struggled to come to terms with the presence of other humans from whom we differ, and that struggle has manifested in conflict of religious, racial, and cultural origins. The mind and being of someone with whom we simply cannot connect, for some reason, is a whole new stage of exploration, and therefore a topic for science fiction. Science fiction's response to the Other has changed a great deal over the years. The initial response is exemplified in \\"Arena\\", by Fredric Brown, which features a human and an alien doing battle for the survival of their race. In this portrayal, there is nothing sympathetic about the Other. No name for their species is given; no attempts are made to develop their culture. The alien's body is radically different from ours, round and, in the perception of the human, disgusting. Its mind is similarly repulsive; the human narrator is able to briefly connect with it and finds only raw, inexplicable hatred. For the science fiction this story exemplifies, the human's actions are the right response to the Other: he outwits the monster and kills it, saving his species. A few decades later, Star Trek features exactly the same story with Kirk and an alien. Although in many ways still repulsive, this alien representative of the Other ismore sympathetic- its humanoid, and his culture has a name and motives for its actions. Kirk takes the noble approach, sparing his enemy and saving both their cultures. Science-fiction's attitude towards the Other is more moderate. It is tempered still further by the time \\"43 Anterean Dynasties\\" was written. In that story, the representative of the Other is also the narrator, and is an intensely sympathetic figure. His culture is well-developed, noble, sophisticated, and oppressed. We are the \\"aliens\\" in this story- rude, ignorant, and oppressive. Implicitly, the right response to Otherness in this story would have been to allow the other culture to flourish peaceably beside our own, learning from each other along the way. Since The Windup Girl does not have any aliens, it might be easy to think that it does not deal with Otherness, but this is not truly correct- it approaches the issue of the Other from many different perspectives. Emiko is an Other to everyone else in the book by virtue of being a genetically-modified human; Anderson and Hock Seng are Other to the Taiwanese because they are foreigners. Through them, The Windup Girl furthers science fiction's response to the Other, neither taking the wholly-evil approach of \\"Arena\\" nor the wholly-sympathetic response of \\"43 Anterean Dynasties\\". Each one of those characters is the narrator at some point it the story, and reasons are given for the reader to sympathize with each of them: Hock Seng has lost everything- family, friends, fortune. Emiko is a lost young woman, abused and taken advantage of, trying to survive. Anderson Lake dies an undeservedly unpleasant death, with only one person to stand by his side. But each is also alien and abhorrent to the reader in various ways. Emiko eventually comes to disregard human life, to the point of sizing up innocents as potential kill targets and, in the end, seeking to replace humanity with genetically superior beings like herself. Hock Seng's attitudes about women andlack of dedication or loyalty to much except keeping himself alive is off-putting. Anderson Lake treats the woman he's involved with (Emiko) quite badly, and is serving a morally questionable company to undermine the national sovereignty of Thailand. In this contrast, The Windup Girl is giving us a truly modern view of those we perceive to be different from ourselves: conflicted feelings of both sympathy and repulsion, and by having a wide variety of characters with that quality, the book illustrates that virtually everyone is conflicted in that fashion- everyone, Other and familiar, has pieces of themselves we can relate to, and pieces we would be repulsed by.    Arguably, science fiction's tendency to explore relationships between people who can't quite understand each other is just one part of its broader tradition of studying contemporary social issues and society's fears about the future. Star Trek, again, exemplifies this, taking on Cold War themes in the Federation-Klingon relationship, and tackling racial tension issues in episodes like \\"Let that Be Your Last Battlefield.\\" Books like Do Robots Dream of Electric Sheep? question what it means to be human. That trend in science fiction shows no sign of declining, and The Windup Girl vigorously takes part. Environmental consequences of choices we're making now define the world in which the story takes place. Transportation and human living conditions have been fundamentally altered by global warming. The prevalence of monoculture crops contributed heavily to the famines that shaped the recent past of the story, and the struggle to recover from the loss of many species is the driving force behind Anderson Lake's part of the plot. The Windup Girl also shows the reader one possible set of results of the genetic technologies we're developing now, and questions the meaning of \\"human\\" if we continue to go down this path. Emiko is a genetically modified human. The reader cannot deny her humanity. and yet she is deniedbasic human rights. The question of how we should culturally and legally handle people such as Emiko in the future is thereby implicitly explored. There are also environmental consequences to our genetic tinkering, like the production of super-capable `foreign' species like the cheshires, which can wipe out native populations. Finally, issues of national identity, racism, and race are also explored. Can Thailand truly be a sovereign nation if it is dependant on another country's companies for continued survival? How do foreigners deal with living in a country that has a strong sense of national identity? The reader is brought in close contact with vicious racism and nationalism run wild in the character of Hock Seng, whose family is killed and life's work is destroyed as a result of those passions. The answer to the questions The Windup Girl asks are not clear, in the story or out of it, but the fact that science fiction will continue to ask them is far more certain.
081297381X|5.0|Although the author can come off a bit arogant, he has a lot of wisdom to impart. This book will help to lift the veil of ignorance many of us are under based on our sterile classroom lessons and discover the truth behind risk and predictions.
1444729705|3.0|I used to be a big Grisham fan but over the last few years, his books have been a drag just to get through, and I have been guilty of leaving a few of them halfway. The good news is I managed to read this through and in record time. The bad news is for someone who I considered a Master of legal thrillers, this effort is way below average.   Grisham's earlier books have been about a strong plot, the underdog lawyer you root for and some memorable court scenes. Also you feel like you learn something of the legal system with each book. There is nothing memorable about this book or its plot. And the characters are cliched derivatives of his earlier works. The motivations and actions of his protagonists are muddled and almost to the point where you have to suspend your belief to make any sense. This book pales in comparison to his last work on Mass tort action, the King of Torts. In fact, you get the impression that most of the players in the plot are plain stupid, right from the main protagonist to his partners, to the drug company and their legal counsel. The plot is so wafer-thin that you can see the ending from a mile away, and no there is no classic Grisham twist at the end.  Overall, I would rate this book a C
0307959856|1.0|For a book by PD James, and for a mystery making use of Jane Austen, this book is very disappointing.  What a perfunctory book for Ms James to have written!  What an inadequate pastiche of Jane Austen!  Did PD James really write this book?   There are indications of stylistic carelessness I would not expect from her. (*\\"Fortuitous\\" used to mean \\"fortunate,\\" and that put into the mouth of a person born in the 18th century?)  The \\"characters\\" are singularly uninteresting, singularly unengaging.  Jane Austen never would, never did, write a book using the pov of numerous characters. PD James (unlike Henry) did, but she kept it to a minimum. Here, we drift from character to character; most of the time one pov per section, admittedly (though in one section she passes from one pov to another, with no cause or warning!).  No humor; no signs of superior intelligence!  The author, whoever s/he was, seemed to think it would improve the work to include as many characters from Pride and Prejudice (and other JA novels) as possible. Unfortunately, no!  Far better are the mysteries of Stephanie Barron. I suspect the Mr & Mrs Darcy mysteries are better too, though I have not read any of them (at least in them I imagine that FitzWillian amd Lizzy do some real sleuthing). Possibly even Pride and Prejudice and Zombies might hold more interest than this book.  If this is Jane Austen, it is Jane Austen exceedingly blunted.  If it is PD James... well...
0307887898|5.0|A great book!  I totally relate with so many aspects of this book, and have now bought 5 copies to share with all members of our team.  Good work Eric!
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|The movie got here before the date it said it was to be here, and worked great. Great value for the money.
B001OQCV2E|5.0|After I ordered this movie it came quickly and it is still wrapped. It will be a great Christmas present. Thank you
B001U7FW1O|5.0|What can be said about Ultravox that hasn't been said here already?  While one could say that John Foxx's Ultravox was ground breaking. Midge Ure took the band to a completely different level with his debut on \\"Vienna\\". One could easily debate Ure's contributions to music all the live long day, but the fact of the matter is that Ultravox was one of the most incredibly musical acts out of the 80's synth scene, if not the most artistic.  This compilation spans the Ure years wonderfully and there's very little left to be desired here. From the opening pulse of the ever haunting \\"Vienna\\" to the upbeat and poppy \\"Love's Great Adventure\\", this retrospective chronicles an act that was criminally understated here in the States. Ever under the shadow of acts like Depeche Mode and The Cure, Ultravox had melodic sensibilities that neither of those bands had. I challenge any of you to listen to songs like \\"Vienna\\", \\"Lament\\", or \\"Visions In Blue\\" and not be moved by not only the lyrical content, but the beautifully rich production and arrangements. Ure, Cann, Cross and Currie pioneered this style of music by taking the cold and vacant synth sounds of their predecessors such as Gary Numan, and added a warmth and soul unheard of in synth music.
B004SJ3AXI|4.0|whenever I am bored I play this game since it practicle never ends and I can never stop its so addicting
0062060554|4.0|I enjoyed the book and read it straight through to the end.  I felt that I was traveling through the story with the main character.  There were interesting details to hold my attention.  I read a great deal of novels and regrettably find I can predict the ending quite often.  However, that didn't ruin the story for me and I would recommend the book to others.  I think it would make a good film also.
B004YF6MHW|5.0|To the people whining about no zoom capabilities. That's not the devs fault, its your lack of knowledge.  No normal camera phone can 'zoom' properly, they dont have telephoto lenses.  Sure you could include a digital zoom, but that just crops your photo. Then you get a grainy image thats worthless anyway.   No app out there is going to make your phones camera lens magically change. Please take your ignorance elsewhere.  My 5 stars are just to balance them out, I haven't bought the app yet.
B0015DROBO|5.0|I bought the other 2 before I even finished. It was a bit slow to develop, but I read the second half in one sitting. I can't wait to move on to the next book.
B000JMLFLW|5.0|Read this in H.S re-read it through my phone. Font is a good size, exactly as I remember it great buy.
030788743X|5.0|This is very much a book for a specific demographic - I imagine it would be almost incomprehensible to anyone who isn't a Gen-X (maybe Gen Y) nerd. The premise that world culture is stuck in an 80's time loop is both amusing and a little horrifying. I sometimes wondered if in catering to the desire of geeks to live in some sort of 80's nirvana he was also quietly riffing on the idea that hell is a place where nothing changes. This book reads well a second time.
0446547654|2.0|this book had serious potential, but really lacked cohesiveness for me. I followed along, but felt like so many parts were not fully explained... I just didn't like this story.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|I have always found nature to be awesome and wonderful to study and admire. The quality of these videos is far more than I could have hoped for, and now I am able to sit down and watch it with my daughter (who is obsessed with animals!!).<br /><br />5 Stars overall, you won't be disappointed.
B0060BHUXI|2.0|Wow, I thought it would be interesting to hear this based on the excellent song selection, but it's worse than I could have imagined.  What the heck is this dreck??? Ugh.  I gave it two stars because I love some of the songs they destroyed.  Beyond awful.
B002SJIO5E|3.0|Thought the movie was OK - just beware its more like a documentary and than an action packed movie like I thought it was going to be.  It's different but not too terribly bad.
0525423656|5.0|This book is amazing full of action, love, and drama. You won't be able to put it down. Great for any age.
B004LROUNG|5.0|My husband and I purchased this as an audio book while we were traveling. It was fantastic and made the driving easy and fun. We were glad to be in the car so we could continue with the book. Can't say that too often while driving long distances. Highly recommend this book. It is not the typical drama type scenario; but infused with lots of comical events that made us smile and laugh a lot. The characters are very interesting.
B004WGGQPQ|5.0|I was fortunate enough to get this app when it was free, but this is one I would pay money for. A really fun app. Lots of great choices and very responsive on the kindle fire. my 4 year old daughter loves it, and I enjoy creating right along with her.
B0066W1AZK|5.0|This is a very satisfactory free chess game for the Kindle Fire.  I enjoy having a portable chess game at the ready during work and home.  I am a little rusty so I have only played at about the 50% difficulty level so far but it has kindled (heh) my interest in playing more.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|I'm not going to repeat everything people are saying, but to reiterate; the digital copy sold with this is NOT a normal digital copy, it expires after 3 years and it requires streaming. More like a digital rental.  However I just learned if you want to purchase the US edition and still get a legitimate digital copy you can contact customer service and exchange your UVDC code for an iTunes download code instead. They are doing this for HP7-2, not sure about other releases. Go to [...] and submit a support ticket and tell them you don't want a flixter account. You'll need to send them your UVDC code at the time.    Otherwise as others of stated, buy from Amazon.ca (Canada) or Amazon.uk as they don't have this nonsense.
B005GVA2L0|3.0|Although the music is great, the Deluxe Version comes packed in a thin paper sleeve rather than a jewel case. When I attempted to remove the CD, the sleeve ripped in half. So I now have two halves of a case; one containing the CD, and the other containing the DVD.
B006BZ8WAI|5.0|I bought this album on day of release without hearing it first. Had some Amazon music credits to burn so eh, why not. I pushed play after the download and the first thought as \\"Chaos Lives In Everything\\" began to play was \\"what the h*ll did I just buy!?\\" For a second I though oh crap I just bought a stupid techno remix album... but wait, this is a new song. As I continue listening to it, the album continues to grab me. By the time \\"Get Up!\\" is over I'm just blown away and addicted to this. This album is very different than their previous stuff, but in my opinion the band kinda needed a reboot. I personally thought Korn III was bland and boring. I so wanted to like Korn III but I can't listen to it without desiring to chew something like tinfoil to liven it up. I didn't care for Untitled as much either (although I liked Untitled far better than Korn III). This release will probably not be well received by the old school hard-core Korn fan, but for me this album has become my favorite and I listen to it daily. I cannot get enough of it. If you like \\"See You on the Other Side\\" than chances are high you'll like \\"The Path Of Totality\\".
B005HSG3U6|4.0|I bought this case because it seemed simple and inexpensive. I've been very pleased with it. I ordered the white one and it fits snugly around the Kindle and the cover has a nice felt-type feel on the side that is against the Kindle's face. The exterior feels like a hard rubber. I've not dropped it, but it seems like it would do a decent job at protecting it from a fall. The strap keeps the cover in place. I didn't know what that was for at first - lol - I was using it as a handstrap. The standing function works fine now. Originally it didn't want to stay in place, but I think it is because like another user said, the fold needed to wear in a bit to be more flexible. It's fine now. The only thing I could think of that isn't so wonderful is that the felt-like size picks up lint/cat hair ALOT. I have to clean it off often, but that's not a big deal. Good case, overall.
B0055S348W|5.0|Works like a champ on Kindle Fire... of course consistent with how the other software transfers data.  This is true for any Android device.  Most \\"normal\\" documents are easily recognized and dealt with.  Unfortunately I bought it from Dynamix for $12.95 instead of discounted price here on Amazon.  I downloaded the apk file from the Dynamix website, and the kindle game me a notification of download progress and when complete it installed it for me.  Very similar to how it would have gone if I had purchased from Amazon Apps.    RJ
B0013ND30M|5.0|The product arrived well on time and looks like new!  My daughter has requested the disney princess movies for Christmas.  Glad to see many of them on Amazon to buy.
B005C5A66G|5.0|This album is great. Not just great... Megadeth's Rust in Peace great... Testament's Formation of Damnation great... Judas Priest's Sin After Sin great... Iron Maiden's The Number of the Beast great. This album will take its place in the pantheon of the greatest Metal albums of all time. I can hardly believe it. This album marks a MASSIVE leap forward for Machine Head. This is as good as it gets. Until now, I have never been a huge Machine Head fan. Loved \\"The Blackening\\" and \\"Burn My Eyes\\" was pretty damn good. But this... this is something else.  This is tight, focused, brutal, mature, punishing, heavy, breathtaking. From the guitar tone to the riffs to the solos to the vocals. The bottom end is tight, heavy and relentless. This album will beat you into submission and leave you asking for more and then more again. Machine Head have created some outstanding music hear. Not just some good metal tunes, to be clear; but fantastic music. I'll attempt to clarify. \\"Burn My Eyes\\" and \\"The Blackening\\" were great heavy albums that overwhelmed with their brutal attack. This album is more focused; not battering you in a furious attack, but hitting you with incredible focused power.  I don't write many reviews. I write only when compelled because I'm passionate about an album (either for good reasons (Formation of Damnation) or bad (St. Anger)). This album is worth my time to review and share with you. This may be the best metal album of 2011; going head to head with the likes of Mastodon's The Hunter, Symphony X's Iconoclast, Tesseract's One, and The Ocean's Anthropocentric (granted these are not the same genre's of metal).  I was previewing this album for a friend today. At about the 3:00 minute mark into \\"I Am Hell\\" he said \\"This is Machine Head???\\" YES!! Machine Head is here in no uncertain terms.   \\"What started out as wonder  The smell of scorched earth  It filled me with a sense of bliss  Inside my head the noises how they thundered\\"  The bar for great metal has just been raised... again.
1451627289|5.0|I've never read a Stephen King novel before. I've always thought (however inaccurately) that he is a writer of horror, of the macabre.<br /><br />I'm glad I took a chance.<br /><br />This book does have those elements of the macabre, of darkness, but overall it's a great piece of fiction that is so entertaining. Great literature? No. A book that I was sad to finish? Yes.<br /><br />I'd recommend it. And, if you want a good book on tape, download the audible version.
B005ZTFPFQ|1.0|Even after you install the &quot;free&quot; app, you still have to purchase games...lame trickery...not really a free app at all!
B002Y4Z4UQ|5.0|can't go wrong with the J5.  i had this on vinyl when i was a kid and was estatic to get it on CD so I can wear it out in the car!  this has gotten heavy rotation play when i'm driving!  this was the perfect time for the J5, vocally, i think.  Michael's voice had just entered that sweet spot and i liked the funkier direction they took on this album.  wonderful album.
0553801473|1.0|So, like everyone else, I was counting the days until HBO unleashed the \\"Game of Thrones\\" TV series, and also counting the days (months and years)until GRRM would unleash his dragons.  These books are about things that I really enjoy: clever dialogue, medieval battles, political intrigue, good food, and, of course, a healthy dose of sex.  But when I was re-reading the latest installment, I started to notice a distinct dissimilarity between the first three and the rest- this just isn't fun anymore.<br /><br />If this novel weren't preceded by three amazing books and one above average, there would be very little to recommend it to anyone.  The language of the book, though colorful, feels tired, worn out and extremely well-tread.  Characterization, where there was once brilliance, is now dull.  Most troubling is that in a book this size, you would expect the narrative to progress in some fashion; instead, we must wait until the last fifty pages to learn something that we didn't know at the beginning of the book, indeed, at the beginning of the series.  Language, characterization, narrative, keeping these things in balance is what made this series brilliant- fifteen years ago.  It is decidedly missing now.<br /><br />Martin seems to have distilled the elements of what made the first three books so great (which they still are) without glimpsing the soul of them.  What has replaced it is abject cruelty which, though present in the previous books, is now elevated to the point of literary torture porn. There is an artistic argument to be had over describing awful people doing awful things. The trouble is, I don't have a lot of fun reading it in my spare time. In fact, by the end of this book, I felt pretty angry, at myself for purchasing the book and at George R.R. Martin for writing it.<br /><br />Martin has been unapologetic about this series.  The books come out when they are finished.  The choices are mine and I make them for the right reasons.  I write about real people, and this justifies making aspects of the novels almost unbearably ugly.  This quality of George R.R. Martin is admirable, and his confidence is something that should be a lesson to other budding writers.  The quality of his writing, and this never-to-end series, is another matter altogether.e, and this justifies making aspects of the novels almost unbearably ugly.  This quality of George R.R. Martin is admirable, and his confidence is something that should be a lesson to other budding writers.  The quality of his writing, and this never-to-end series, is another matter altogether.
145551389X|5.0|BUT, I am a huge Mother Monster lover/dedicated fan. Alot of the photos are from the Monster Ball tour and i kinda thought, the book would feature some more recent photos of Gaga. But, nonetheless, I still very much enjoy this photobook. She is beautiful. And for 28 bucks, you cannot go wrong. Definitely recommend this book for all Little Monsters! :) xoxo
B005ZUR724|1.0|Spent my 6.99 and cant even log on.  Every time I enter my User name it blanks it out. Looks like fun if I could log on and play. Gameloft was my favorite game co. until now. Maybe it's me but don't see how.
B003L77GH4|5.0|The DVD came in a timely manor and was clean and in great condition. I would order from this person again.
0375842209|5.0|The Book Thief is a book I would not have picked up to read.  Two friends recommended it.  I could not put it down.  Written from a completely different angle. (I won't spoil it for you)  I just loved everything about this book.  So different. Love it. A book I will read again and again.
1439107955|5.0|What is there to write after all the just praise this book has received?  Only that everything you have read or heard about this book is correct.  Only it is better.  I've never encountered a book on a scientific topic that is neither over the heads of lay persons or too simple for experts in the field.  This book does the best a book can do: it makes you think and speculate.<br /><br />This is the only book I would recommend wholeheartedly to anyone.  If you have been touched by cancer and want to know more about the history, definitions, and prognosis for cancer research and treatment, you can do no better than to start here.  If you've worked in the cancer community, this book will connect the dots of things you were sure you understood previously.  Or at least what you know will be stated more clearly.  If you enjoy good writing and don't necessarily think you have an interest in cancer, you will revel in the Mukherjee's prose.  Good oncologists are a dime a dozen, so to speak, but few if any have yet been able to clearly communicate such a misunderstood topic as the author does here.<br /><br />This book won't help to find a cure for cancer, but it helps explain why that is the wrong way to look at it.  It is about cancers (plural) and each case is unique.  And cautious, realistic optimism is justified in many cases.
B001HNE3NO|5.0|[[ASIN:B001HNE3NO Sarah's Key]] I read Sarah's Key after my mother told me it was a wonderful book,well written,a page turner & a book I would never forget. She was right. It is written from two different times,two different people,two different stories yet it quickly intertwines the two together. Sarah was a little girl in France,born of Jewish parents and in 1942-ordered by the Nazis-the French police rounded up all the french jewish people and herded them into a stadium. Sarah hid her little brother in a cabinet in her apartment when the police came. She promised him she would be back to get him and locked the hidden compartment up. In 2002 Julia-an american journalist living in France learns of the horrendous 1942 roundup and starts investigating for the annual ceremony in memory of all those lives. She learns that the french people know little of it and that those who do remember it want to forget it ever happened. She comes upon a picture of Sarah and starts researching. What she finds sends her far from home,gives her a new reason for being and breaks her heart. Her family is intertwined with Sarah in a very strong way and Julia is determined to find justice and peace for Sarah at all costs to herself. This book made me cry many times. Once I started reading it I couldn't put it down until I had read the last page and all the additional info afterwards about the author and her writing. This is a wonderful but sad story yet it has an uplifting ending after all that happens. If you want to read a book that will stay with you forever then read Sarah's Key by Tatiana de Rosnay. You will learn something and be glad you were fortunate to read this author's book. I can't wait to read her other books now. I'm sure they will be as great as this one.Lisa Gramling
B006MBX8GY|4.0|I wonder if everyone in this series will end up being a ghost.  We are getting closer to that every week as new events keep being revealed to us. The big event we've been leading up to, of course, is the birth of the twins and especially the one who is born of a spirit and non-spirit. So now we have that baby and I imagine that is going to be the focus of further seasons since everyone in the house, whether ghost or not, is invested in this baby. No one is invested more than Jessica Lange's character ,which gives her even more of a role in the series.  That is good because acting wise, no one else can hold a candle to her. I'm glad I stuck with this. I almost gave it up several times but now I'm hooked.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I've always loved solitaire, but some electronic versions don't have the short cuts.  Like autocomplete or the option to get a winning hand by asking for one.  This has all those options.  Hey, I don't play solitaire because I like being frustrated that I haven't won a hand in 20 min.  I play to kill time and get some immediate gratification during my hour-long bus commute.  This version does the trick.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|Very thin, light weight and sleek looking. Exactly what I wanted and functions as advertised. Best for me is how NOT bulky it looks and feels compared to other covers.
B004EPYZP8|5.0|Awesome story, nice twist at the end, and GREAT performance by McConaughey. One of my favorite legal thrillers ever, along with Fracture.
B005HP2J66|5.0|I just watched \\"Cave of Forgotten Dreams\\" tonight.  The artwork in the cavern, though 30,000 years old, is nuanced and inspired. It is a deep, spiritual communication from a man sensitive enough to notice the muscles and planes in the face of a lioness, the body language of combat in battling rhinoceros, the shading and highlights along the figure of a horse.  The artist left a personal touch...hand prints with a deformed finger. The small footprint of a boy is preserved, and a nearly magical crusting of sparkling crystals has encased the animal skulls that litter the cave floor.  The demonstrations of flutes, artifacts and weapons found in the cave by devoted archaeologists is a poignant and personal insight into their consuming passion for this place...Herzog is very skilled at presenting these subtle revelations.  The music is wonderful.  There is a bonus film included which showcases the musicians and the making of the soundtrack.  It is intimate and so incredibly beautiful, it moved me to tears.
B002T9H2LA|4.0|Most of the people that gave me this movie 1 star, shouldn't have been watching the movie in the first place. To say that Pulp Fiction was \\"pretty good,\\" or \\"Tarantino is rewriting history,\\" or that Tarantino's movies are too \\"comic book-like,\\" need not watch his movies, because that is what you get. Action, fantasy, quirky story, and more action. It was a very enjoyable movie.
B005974CNA|5.0|After having this album and listening to it regularly for about 2 months, I can safely say that Dream Theater has done it again, going back to their own roots, but with fresh new content that will not disappoint in the slightest!  When I heard about the departure of Mike Portnoy, I was certainly disappointed, in fact I was skeptical if they could keep making as great of music as they have in the past. All in all I decided to buy it, and it was a decision I do not regret. Of course it will take a few listens through to really get accustomed to it and appreciate how good it is, so don't listen to the reviews on here that have only listened to it once or twice. This album is an excellent mix of progressive rock and soft ballads, with Dream Theater going to both ends with no problems, performing each with flawlessness. Every song on this album will send chills down your spine!  James Labrie performs each song with emotion and talent, going from rough and powerful lyrics like in \\"Lost Not Forgotten\\" and \\"Build Me Up, Break Me Down\\", to soft and graceful lyrics like in \\"Beneath the Surface\\" and \\"Far from Heaven\\". I personally love how amazing his voice sounds in \\"This is the Life\\". It almost seems as if his voice is improving with age!  John Petrucci amazes with precision guitar playing, and melodic riffs and solos. He truly used the best of his abilities on this album. \\"Lost not Forgotten\\" has one of the longest solos I've heard to date, but of course not far from the best. The solo in \\"This is the Life\\" is moving and inspiring, one of the best on the album in my opinion. Of course you can't disregard the superb guitar playing in \\"On the Backs of Angels\\", \\"Outcry\\", \\"Breaking All Illusions\\", and in fact every other song on this album. You have to buy it and listen to them yourself to see!  John Myung keeps up with his reputation of being one of the greatest bass players, filling in the music for a \\"wholesome\\" sound. You can hear him when you need to, and when it fits withthe music, one example being \\"Breaking All Illusions\\". Speaking of which, the lyrics he wrote for this song are awesome, with Labrie singing it to his full potential. One thing I noticed though is that higher frequency bass notes seem to be cutoff, a result of the producer not being familiar with their style I assume, not because of Myung. Still, he is an excellent and necessary piece in this album.  Jordan Rudess uses his amazing keyboard skills to up the level of greatness in each song. His riffs add style to the music, and blend perfectly with guitar. Rudess does A LOT of piano playing in this album, but trust me it completely fits in, since this album is more melodically driven than the previous ones, an example of his great piano playing being \\"Outcry\\". He has refined his sound and blended it in with the whole band.  Now comes Mike Mangini, one of the most talked about people on this album. To keep it simple, you can't judge his playing based on this album only. That is because the drum patterns for each song were already written by the rest of the band and sent to him for recording. Of course he added his own stuff in, and I think that he plays it perfectly and dynamically. The drums for this album are awesome, but resemble mostly session drums. Also, Andy Wallace (the producer) mixed in the drums too low, everyone has noticed this, but it is still listenable as a whole. Truthfully I can't wait until the next album to really see what potential this guy has! (And I believe it to be very great)  As a whole, this album is well worth your money. One of the finest since Images and Words. It is a must for every Dream Theater fan! And like the title of my review says, it is truly a new beginning.  MY favorite songs in order: (Of course none of them being bad, just a tiny bit less great than the last)  1. Outcry (Pure progressive rock at its finest)  2. This is the Life (Moving and inspiring lyrics with superb guitar solo)  3. Breaking All Illusions (Classic Dream Theater material)  4. Bridges in the Sky (Weird beginning and ending, but great prog)  5. On the Backs of Angels (Awesome solo and Labrie's voice)  6. Beneath the Surface (Sure to bring tears to your eyes the first time around)   7. Lost Not Forgotten (Reminiscent of Under a Glass Moon)  8. Far from Heaven (Great ballad, considering there is 3 on here!)  9. Build Me Up, Break Me Down (This would be good radio material)
B0053YGYO4|3.0|It's been a little while since I listened to this CD, and it is enjoyable, but hasn't fallen into the category of a go-to, for me. I know they have many loyal fans, with good reason, but it seemed slightly redundant to me - I'll keep listening.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Run great, fast, fun, I could.spend hours.playing. One of the best apps I have on my kindle. would recommend to anyone and everyone!!!!!!
B005P89F1C|5.0|my grandaughter really liked the CD, this is just one of the many Justin Bieber items she is getting for Christmas.
B005DOKM9M|1.0|Prior to owning the Kindle Fire, I had a Kindle 3G, for which I had bought the [[ASIN:B00489SLEQ iPearl mCover Leather Folio Cover for Amazon Kindle 3 Keyboard Model (Black)]] cover. When I upgraded to the Fire model, I assumed that the mCover wouldn't fit it, so I bought this \\"Zip sleeve\\". When the Zip Sleeve arrived, I quickly decided it was just a cheap cover, and I boxed it up for return the same day! Frustrated, I thought I'd have to search Amazon for a different cover, and meanwhile, decided to keep my new Kindle in my old mCover. Well, to my surprise, it fit in there just fine!  ...Granted, it's a tad snug because the Fire is slightly thicker than earlier Kindle models, but, it DOES fit! And, the mCover is SUCH a nicer cover than this \\"zip sleeve\\"!! It even has an inside pocket (which the sleeve does not).<br />I highly recommend it for Fire owners!!  Click on the following link to check it out.......<br />[[ASIN:B00489SLEQ iPearl mCover Leather Folio Cover for Amazon Kindle 3 Keyboard Model (Black)]]
B005HI4LMS|5.0|This unique horror/comedy takes the old horror cliche of killer hillbillies and gives it a massive flip, or turning on its head with the college kids as the 'evil ones'. When the lovable hillbillies Tucker and Dale embark on a working vacation to fix up their backwoods shack they never dream that a heroic act will be manically misunderstood to the point of murder. A group of college kids hyped up and twitchy after a scary 'campfire story' about maniac hillbillies are too ready to believe the worst when their perception of harmless events has them ready to attack poor Tucker and Dale. Alan Tudyk and Tyler Labine are extremely funny and were a delight to watch in these hilarious roles of 'hillbillie victims'. I literally had to pause the video several times so I could dry my eyes from laughing so darn hard. What I found extra funny was that as a North Carolina resident, some of the backwoods characters seemed pretty familiar, lol. This is going on the Christmas stocking stuffer and birthday list for several of my family members.
B002RKRUEA|5.0|The version pictured here is the 1964 Maxwell Staniforth translation that gives the human and deeply thoughtful sense of the finest of the Roman emperors who was surely the most modest as well. It avoids the pretentious or arch language that can cloy translation that intend high scholarship. It is especially valuable, too, for Staniforth's introduction. Be sure your copy has it.<br /><br />This is just his advice to himself, his common book that he called To Myself. Among his advice is to live for justice without pretense or insincerity, to live within your reach.  He can reduce life to its essentials:<br /><br />&#34;This mortal life is a little thing, lived in a little corner of the earth.<br /><br />The only life a man can lose is the one he is living at this moment.<br /><br />Put your whole heart into doing what is just, and speaking what is true.<br /><br />Never let the future disturb you.  You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.<br /><br />Never value the advantages derived from anything involving breach of faith, loss of self-respect, hatred, suspicion, or execration of others, insincerity, or the desire for something which has to be veiled and curtained.&#34;<br /><br />This translation is like a bible to me.
0545259088|2.0|I looked forward to this book forever, the last in a series of an amazing story of true love constantly being separated by circumstances beyond the lovers control and the constant danger of the humans trying to kill the wolves.  The third book had a bit of that, but as I was reading, I couldn't help feeling as if a different author entirely had written the book.  It felt as if it had been rushed, the story felt weak, the characters focused on what had been two supporting characters and the main characters I had come to love were thrust to the back burner while Isabel and Cole were the front runners.    I found this book to be a sad, rather pathetic end to what had been such an amazing trilogy in the first 2/3.  I have to wonder what happened, what changed, why the author changed focus so much, and why things just felt \\"off\\".  I was so disappointed, I cancelled my order for her new book because I just couldn't handle that kind of disappointment again!
B003ZSJ212|4.0|Do not like the design of the container.  You have to pull out the blurays with your fingers resulting in fingerprints on them ..... Also they are hard to get out of the sleeve.
B002361MLA|5.0|There are many great reviews, and I enjoy reading them very much. I am happy to share my experience and hope it may also be helpful.   I have had the book for a few months. I thought I understood it to some extent --- the warmth and inner peace I felt inside me are the greatest thing I ever experienced.  But it did not work all the time. I would still feel sad or even depressed at times, and I could not find a way out.  I was reading this book one time while flying on a business trip, but found it hard to continue. I could not get it...where is the power of Now? I had the book right here in my hands, and I thought I understood it, but still felt sad and low. I had some troubles, maybe bigger than those of some other people, but that should not really matter, right?  Then it finally clicked. The airplane went through a turbulence, and I subconsciously shifted my focus to the flying ---I had always been a little afraid of flying, especially when going through a turbulence. I suddenly realized my worries and sadness went away at that moment. I was living at now for maybe 10 seconds.   My point is, when you are living at the Now, there is absolutely no room for feeling low or whatever stuff unrelated to the Now. The power of Now does not depend on intellectual understanding. It is not imagined in a study when you are in a not-so-bad mood. It is not lukewarm half truth that only works some of the times.  The power of Now is real and solid. It is impossible to miss when getting it, like the last stop of a bus trip. Once realized it is real, it becomes a lot easier. I don't need to fly to drag me back now --- there is plenty of stuff to be alert about living on this earth.
B002ZG99NG|4.0|it came with a damaged case not seriously just not as pretty as it could be. good movie watch it.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|No other app gives the User such a range of resource and organization with quite the eloquence as Evernote does. My constant companion at home and on the road, Evernote allows me to keep track of every little thing - from that woman's phone number to the twelve elementary particles. The absolute best.
0743289692|5.0|Thursday, 15 December<br />Infidel  by Ayaan Hirsi Ali is a living document  about freedom .It is real , gripping  , living , breathing and moving  autobiography of one of the greatest living women.It has inspired me in many ways .Every woman must read it , every man should read it.And I am sure that any person who reads this book can only feel inspired to accept and  espouse the cause of freedom , values  and self realisation .Hirsi Ali's life is her message.Hers is a journey from repression to freedom.Out and out , she emerges as a passionate champion of women's rights.<br />Some of the truths that Hirsi tells are uncomfortable , like  torture of female circumcision ,civil war , forced marriage  and death threats. Hirsi wrote this book  of 353 pages in 2007 when she was 38 years old. At that time ,she was under the threat of death .Her journey from Mogadishu(Somalia) to Saudi Arabia,Ethiopia, Kenya , Netherlands and to the USA  ,marks the remarkable evolution of a woman from repressed backwardness to confident liberation .It was a real  transformation.She broke the shackles of her past but it required a great effort She thinks with clarity and writes with precision .The impact on reader is deep and real .She leaves the reader with  admiration about her, and unease with self.She is a woman of undaunted spirit and courage .<br />Her life illustrates that religious tolerance should never come in the way of basic human rights.Real experience gives birth to our beliefs, and resolves.<br /><br />Ayaan was  born on November13,1969. in Mogadishu ,Somalia.she has an elder brother , Mahad .She had a  younger sister Haweya , who later on died due to mental illness .She loved her father,Hirsi Magan , though later , she refused to obey him when she decided to divorce her husband ,selected by her father.Ayaan became a member of Parliament in Holland in January ,2003.<br /><br />She describes the  custom of female circumcision with disarming directness as follows:\\"In Somalia, like many countries across Africa and the Middle East,little girls are made \\"pure\\" by having their genitals cut out.There is no other way to describe this procedure, which typically occurs around the age of five.After the child's clitoris and labia are carved out, scraped off, the whole area is often sewn up, so that a thick band of tissues forms a chastity belt made of the girl's own sacred flesh. . .\\"<br />Her father  escaped from jail into Ethiopia and met her mother clandestinely in Saudi Arabia.Her father found a job in Riyadh , and her mother moved with children to Mecca.They were deported and asked to leave Saudi Arabia.The family moved to Ethiopia.This was in 1979.After living in Ethiopia for about a year , her father decided to move the family to Kenya.They flew to Nairobi in July , 1980.Nairobi was a place exposed to the west , and it is here that \\"an entire  world of Western ideas began to take shape.\\"She read Charlotte Bronte,Jane Austen , and Daphne du Maurier.Meanwhile , her father married some other  woman and her mother had to be dependent on others to bring up her children.This had a deep impact on Ayaan .\\"I told myself that I would never let this happen to me.I would never be dependent on any one in this way\\"<br />She was forced by her father to marry Osman Moussa.But that first afternoon on Bonn(On her way to Canada to join her husband) a new idea crept upon her that she did not even have to go to Canada , the place of her husband Osman Moussa.She knew that another kind of life was possible.It was Friday , July 24,1992, when she stepped on the train to Holland.It was her real birth day , when she was born as a person making decisions about her life on her own..She changed her name from Ayaan Hirsi Magan to Ayaan Hirsi Ali.Later,she got a pink card to stay in Holland for the rest of her life as a recognised refugee.<br />She decided that she had a right to rule her own life..She was determined not to lie.When some elder asked her why she was divorcing her husband , she said ,\\"It is the will of the soul.The soul cannot be coerced.\\".Her father said that she had disgraced him.But her mother was kind.\\"I needed my belief system to be logical and consistent\\".She had a great respect for truth.If what she said was true, she was not going to apologise for the truth.<br />She decided that she wanted to study political science.She enjoyed reading various subjects.\\"It was such a privilege to watch people thinking,page after page.Every thing in the books was so beautifully put together,so rational.We learnt to define ,, to think clearly about what we were saying, to set out our thinking in building blocks and argue with data..In this way , we improved on older theories and expanded our understanding of the world\\".She graduated from Leiden in September,2000.She became a junior researcher with Labour Party.\\"I found myself discovering my opinions as I typed.\\"I had left God behind years ago.I was an atheist.There are no absolutes .Progress comes through critical thought\\" .She wanted to be like Popper: free of constraint,recognising greatness but unafraid to detect its flaws.She accepted every invitation to speak.She was and  is very fond of buying crate loads of books and reading them and thinking about what she read.<br /><br />It was Neelie Kroes ,a prominent politician from Liberal Party, who  influenced her to shift from academia to active politics.She said that no matter how wonderful a PhD thesis AyaanAyaan could do with her life was expose the reality of those women's lives to people in power and make sure that  existing laws demanding equality between the sexes were applied.She should be in a combat of action,not ideas.She should stand for Parliament where she could truly have an effect on the emancipation of Muslim women and the integration of immigrants. .She became a one-issue politician in 2003.<br />As a politician , she could no longer have a normal relationship with journalists.She could not simply say what she thought,like an ordinary person .She was now a politician;the media ,rather than a source of information, was an instrument she must learn to use .<br /><br />It is time for people who want to reform Islam to try not only speeches but also satire,arts , music ,videotapes,websites and books.She leaked bits and pieces of policy document, used aspects of it in other debates and gradually built a coalition .She knew it too well that \\"it takes a long time to dissolve the bars of a mental cage\\".Most of the organisations are comfortably bloated on subsidies and produce virtually no real programs .<br />She and the famous Amsterdam filmmaker Theo van Gogh made a film Submission :Part one in July 2004.Submission was aired on August 29,2004.On November2,2004, Theo van Gogh was killed  for his radical views contained in this film.<br /><br />On May 15,2006,she was informed by the Justice department that due to the use of incorrect personal data during the naturalization process, the decree that naturalised her was declared void .She was evicted from her apartment due to  the reason that her presence made  the neighbours unsafe.<br />American Enterprise Institute offered her a job  from September,2006.On June 29,2006 , the Green Party called for a motion of no confidence in Rita Verdock  in Dutch Parliament.Rita had been responsible to set preconditions for Ayaan to get her Dutch citizenship back .The government collapsed and new elections were announced.<br />She  says that found in Holland freedom to think and freedom to express.\\"Where I grew up , death is a constant visitor .A virus , bacteria, a parasite, drought , famine, soldiers , torturers could bring it to anyone , any time I feel privileged to be alive and free.Death comes riding on raindrops that turned to floods . . .For many women , because of the perception of lost honor, death comes at the hands of a father , brotheror husband .Death comes to young women giving birth to new life, leaving the new born orphaned in the hands of strangers.\\"<br />\\"I  feel privileged to be alive and free.I moved from the world of faith to the world of reason-from the world of excision and forced marriage to to the world of sexual emancipation..I would like to be judged on the validity of my arguments, not as a victim.\\"The values matter.If we face up to the terrible reality we are in, we can change our destiny.She ends the book with two powerful messages .:\\"We in the West would be wrong to prolong the pain of transition unnecessarily, by elevating cultures full of bigotry and hatred toward women to the stature of respectable alternative ways of life.\\" and \\"People adapt.People who never sat on chairs before can learn to drive cars and operate complex machinery;they master these skills very quickly.Similarly , Muslims don't have to take six hundred years to go through a reformation in the way they think about equality and individual rights.\\"<br /><br />When I finished reading this book , I felt shocked .I had not known that even today ,in somalia and many other countries of the world , this modern world accepts , tolerates and is indifferent to the injustices meted out in routine to the little girls .One may or may not agree with all her views on religion , but she manages very successfully to provoke and question our basic belief structure.Partly by accident and partly by her authenticity and character , Ayaan Hirsi Ali changes you on many planes .media ,rather than a source of information, was an instrument she must learn to use .  It is time for people who want to reform Islam to try not only speeches but also satire,arts , music ,videotapes,websites and books.She leaked bits and pieces of policy document, used aspects of it in other debates and gradually built a coalition .She knew it too well that \\"it takes a long time to dissolve the bars of a mental cage\\".Most of the organisations are comfortably bloated on subsidies and produce virtually no real programs .  She and the famous Amsterdam filmmaker Theo van Gogh made a film Submission :Part one in July 2004.Submission was aired on August 29,2004.On November2,2004, Theo van Gogh was killed  for his radical views contained in this film.  On May 15,2006,she was informed by the Justice department that due to the use of incorrect personal data during the naturalization process, the decree that naturalised her was declared void .She was evicted from her apartment due to  the reason that her presence made  the neighbours unsafe.  American Enterprise Institute offered her a job  from September,2006.On June 29,2006 , the Green Party called for a motion of no confidence in Rita Verdock  in Dutch Parliament.Rita had been responsible to set preconditions for Ayaan to get her Dutch citizenship back .The government collapsed and new elections were announced.  She  says that found in Holland freedom to think and freedom to express.\\"Where I grew up , death is a constant visitor .A virus , bacteria, a parasite, drought , famine, soldiers , torturers could bring it to anyone , any time I feel privileged to be alive and free.Death comes riding on raindrops that turned to floods . . .For many women , because of the perception of lost honor, death comes at the hands of a father , brotheror husband .Death comes to young women giving birth to new life, leaving the new born orphaned in the hands of strangers.\\"  \\"I  feel privileged to be alive and free.I moved from the world of faith to the world of reason-from the world of excision and forced marriage to to the world of sexual emancipation..I would like to be judged on the validity of my arguments, not as a victim.\\"The values matter.If we face up to the terrible reality we are in, we can change our destiny.She ends the book with two powerful messages .:\\"We in the West would be wrong to prolong the pain of transition unnecessarily, by elevating cultures full of bigotry and hatred toward women to the stature of respectable alternative ways of life.\\" and \\"People adapt.People who never sat on chairs before can learn to drive cars and operate complex machinery;they master these skills very quickly.Similarly , Muslims don't have to take six hundred years to go through a reformation in the way they think about equality and individual rights.\\"  When I finished reading this book , I felt shocked .I had not known that even today ,in somalia and many other countries of the world , this modern world accepts , tolerates and is indifferent to the injustices meted out in routine to the little girls .One may or may not agree with all her views on religion , but she manages very successfully to provoke and question our basic belief structure.Partly by accident and partly by her authenticity and character , Ayaan Hirsi Ali changes you on many planes .
B004GYOQ6A|4.0|Not my overall favorite game by any means.  But still, as far as &quot;motion&quot; games go, it's a nice few minutes of diversion.  I've been tempted to delete it several times, but have held onto it because it's cute, simple, and fun.
B00006JIA4|5.0|If your just getting into Queen this box set is perfect. If you ever want any of the live stuff, all of it is awesome. In my opinion Queen was better live than in the studio. Taking nothing away from the bands ability. Queens live albums are just fantastic!!!<br />As for Freddie Mercury, he was such an extra ordinary man with an amazing voice. His stage presence drew you in. There will never be another Freddie Mercury...<br />I wish he was still here..
B004V98UKS|3.0|I really wanted to like this game, but I really just couldn't get into it.  The gameplay was a bit slow, and although the puzzle concept is fun, it just seemed to be a bit slow on my Droid2.
B004K8WJ3Y|4.0|I recently bought this CD and I was definitely Glad that I did. David Coverdale can still Sing great and the song writing on this Record is very strong. All the tracks are good, but the Title track is just classic Whitesnake. My only critcism is some of the tracks harken back a little too much to the 80's sound. But hey, thats their most commercially viable period, so I can understand that tendency. I like the original, well almost original line up of the Band from 79-82, with Jon Lord and Ian Paice in the Band. But hey, they have had many great line ups and good hard rock was always assured with David Coverdale. I am glad that He put out this record, because there is not much out there these days for lovers of Classic hard Rock. I still play His stuff from Purple and the early Whitesnake all the time. I think that Burn and Come taste the Band was some of Purple's best studio albums. And the Slide it in Record from Whitesnake in 83, should be in every Rock fans collection. Well, all in all, I highly recommend this CD. Whitesnake fans will love it, and so will most any Rock music fan.  Richard Woodhouse.
B004HZ76FQ|5.0|I love this game. Great visuals and effects.  On my Droid2, my only critisism is I wish the sensitivity was a little better when you &quot;hook&quot; a fish.  It's one of the first apps I ever got, and I'm keeping it around.
B0063IH60K|5.0|If you love regular old solitaire, this is for you. it's one of the best apps out there. I had it on my iphone, and now I use it on my kindle fire. I play for hours!!
B000069KE0|4.0|Chicago 2:  There are a few huge hits here and it is an enjoyable album, but it is not their best.  The album tries to split its theme between social awareness and romantic love but fails to reach us with either and as a result, it lacks the passion and the focus of their first album.  This is one I like, but not love.  A solid four-star release.
B005K0HDGE|4.0|I have heard and read that  LBJ was behind the Kennedy asasination and the more I read, I really feel that is so true even though it is sad to think that he wanted to be president so bad that he had Kennedy murdered....but hey, there are things in the government that we have no clue about and things that go on that if we knew, we would have second thought about who is in the white house...but yes, this book is a eye opener...government tells us what THEY feel we should know and it is NOT alwasys the real facts..scarey
B000008GHW|3.0|Jimi Hendrix / The Cry of Love:  This album was the first posthumous release and has subsequently been made irrelevant.  It is certainly NOT worth paying more than $10 for.
B003F5WOEC|5.0|What can I say? The Black Keys are awesome. It's really cool to be able to get their music on vinyl. If you are reading this, just buy it and see for yourself. Hear for yourself. You won't regret it.
B000002I97|5.0|John Prine (self-titled debut):  Being a singer songwriter whose songs have been covered by many artists, John is gentle, funny and profound.  This debut album has much of his best work and it is his very best album.  This is essential music.  This is a five star album.
B004UXUWYM|5.0|I knew Hunter slightly when he lived and worked in SF, and Johnny Depp got it exactly right.  If I had closed my eyes during the movie, I would have sworn it was Hunter speaking - the voice, the inflections, the words were all Hunter to the life.  Clearly this was a labor of love on Depp's part, and I think he nailed the part - and the scenes were pure Dr. Thompson, the kind of stuff you really can't make up.  God bless HST and JCD.
B00000612P|5.0|Rod Stewart / Every Picture Tells a Story:  This is one of the greatest albums of all time.  Every song here is magnificently done and each song fits together so well as an album that this release has rarely been equaled.  This deserves a Sixth Star.  This is Highly Recommended.<br /><br />I have the MFSL Gold disc (which is a great CD) but since that CD has become so ridiculously overpriced, you are much better off with this fine remastered CD.
030788743X|5.0|This is the first book in quite a while that I literally could not stand to put down. I read the whole thing in a day! The main characters are intriguing and likeable despite their flaws, and you really care what happens to them in the end. All the 80s references are just plain fun! But you don't need to be an 80s expert to read the book. I didn't catch all the references either, but it didn't detract at all from the plot. This story is inventive and refreshing--a lighter, fun read when you're looking for something entertaining but still with a little bit of substance.
B000002HJD|5.0|Jim Morrison / An American Prayer (bonus tracks) / Music by The Doors:  Once upon a time Jim Morrison decided to celebrate his birthday by going into a studio and read several of his poems, while drinking heavily, with the idea of making his own poetry album.  Later, hearing the recordings, Jim did not like much of what he heard (especially the particularly drunk session of late in the day).  The tapes where shelved and forgotten, until, while searching for any tidbit of unreleased material to use, the tapes were retrieved and listened to again.  The surviving members of The Doors (who themselves were still surviving at the time) decided to take the best parts of those tapes, record new music behind it, add a few pieces of old concert footage and the like, and release Jim's hoped for Poetry album.  The result is challenging, disturbing and sometimes brilliant (but only sometimes).  The album has more in common with William Burroughs than it does with Robby Krieger, but nowhere as good as Burroughs (if that's good).  It is not a \\"Doors\\" album.  It is not for children.  It is the poetic last testament of the lizard king (as wild, as curious, and as immature as he was).  This is a unique and interesting CD, one that is very entertaining at times, but not all the time.  Nevertheless, it gets 5 stars.
B005HI4LMS|5.0|I just happened across this movie being announced that it is out on DVD. It's a good movie. It is staying in my collection.
B000002GQK|5.0|The Moody Blues / every good boy deserves favour: The Moodly Blues continues its run of greater albums succeeding great albums.  \\"Every good boy...\\" was just their latest masterpiece.  A solid five-star album.
0786955554|3.0|Three stars or five? Depends. This your first tile set?  First thing, for those who might've missed it -- check Lance's customer images in the upper-left corner of the product page to get a sense of what this box contains. I started to type in a list, only to find he's got it covered (and pictures beat a list any day).  3 stars: I've owned tile sets since forever, I buy a set or two each year maybe, and... I got this thing as a gift. It's okay, it's mediocre. Three stars. You won't find any tiles in it that really inspire you, and you won't find anything in it that lets you construct something inspiring. If you normally use a wet-erase-marker battle mat with inch grids, you'll probably find yourself pulling these tiles out only infrequently (it is nice to have gray bricks or green grass to walk on sometimes).  5 stars: You should buy it if you don't own tiles or a battle mat. Hands down. Five stars. Buy it immediately. (Oh, and if you don't own miniatures, also consider buying the [[ASIN:0786956313 Monster Vault]] product just for the sheets of monster tokens.) I say this because, when first assembling a collection of design stuff, quantity makes up for quality. And this has quantity. In something like a decade of tile-buying, I think, I've never seen a decent mediocre-but-not-bad all-purpose starter pack for anywhere near this cheap. There's a fair amount of bulk here. You're getting about *twice* as many usable tiles for the price, compared to the apparently short-lived themed 4e tile sets. I pull these tiles out mostly when bulk constructing a room set, or putting together basic groundwork. If you don't have a plastic battle mat, this set is far cheaper than a single medium-quality battle mat, and you should be able to build all the rooms, hallways, etc. you want, unless you're building some huge labyrinth that will stay put together for multiple gameplay sessions. When you're starting out lots of big basic rooms and connective tiles for passages between the rooms and a handful of tiles for each common D&D setting are *exactly* what you need.  Why I'm going with 3 stars, rather than averaging 3 and 5 to get 4 stars: What the world really needs is a super-huge \\"random variety of tons of interesting small odds and ends\\" tile set. That would be incredibly valuable; even folks who print tiles off the Internet could use access to random inspiration. And while a few huge rooms and hallways printed from Internet pics can look decent and play well, 1x1 flimsy paper tiles just skid around on a map. I didn't expect this to be that \\"tiny random curious things\\" tile set, but they could've easily included a couple large sheets of 1x1 and 1x2 new interesting things lying around and charged $2 more.
B0033G9OFA|4.0|When You're Strange / soundtrack + from the Movie:  Johnny Depp is reading most of Jim's poetry here and there are some excellent Doors cuts along the way (some very familiar, some bits we are are less familiar with).  No, this is not a `true' Doors album but what it IS, is very good.  This is a very entertaining piece of poetic audio documentary and as such, it's worth listening to and it rates a solid four stars.
0307595579|5.0|I got this for a friend and I'm kicking myself that I didn't get it for myself as well.  The books are beautiful, the pages such good quality...it would've looked perfect on my white built-in bookcases with the colorful binding.  You won't be disappointed.
B000AXWV40|5.0|Funkadelic / Maggot Brain (Bonus tracks edition):  This release is nearly as good as the \\"free your mind\\" album, and the title song \\"Maggot Brain\\" is something you have to hear to believe.  The rest of the alum is excellent as well.  This is a five star album.
B005SJIP2S|2.0|First off, let me point out that I've been a HARDCORE Yes fan for over 40 years (Since Time & A Word) But I can also be UNBIASED with regards to their work, which seemingly, some Yes fans are completely incapable of doing.<br /><br />I've seen in several other Yes forums some fans backing Squire, Howe, and White's decision to get Jon Anderson out of the band and move on without him. The 2 main things that Jon DIDN'T want to do that got him kicked to the curb? (which these fans seem to think was the RIGHT decision) -<br /><br />1) Release a new album: Anderson felt there just wasn't enough strong material to justify another studio album. Especially since the previously released Open Your Eyes and The Ladder were not all that well received, and both of which were quite disappointing and sounded totally uninspired (Jon's words, not just mine). IMHO, they really haven't done anything great or inspired in quite some time.<br /><br />2) Do yet another tour/live DVD without strong new material to back it up: Jon felt that continually touring and releasing CD/DVDs of basically the same set lists that they've been doing for 40 years was not serving the legacy of the Yes name well.<br /><br />After hearing this CD, I'd have to say that Jon seems to be the only one using ANY common sense these days. It seems to me that this concert recording, along with the new Fly From Here album represent exactly what Jon had been trying to avoid.<br /><br />This live CD only seems to justify what Jon was pointing out all along - with the guys all getting older and tired (and boy, do they sound it), maybe it's in their best interest to leave their great legacy intact and perhaps peacefully retire. Maybe move on and do some smaller solo projects, like Jon just did (Survival & Other Stories) which is phenomenal BTW.<br /><br />Hey, The Beatles disbanded while they were still on top. Is their legacy tarnished in any way? How about REM? They quietly announced their retirement. Doesn't change their great history. Genesis, both the \\"old\\" and \\"new\\" have quietly gone their way. Gabriel and Hackett are both still producing some friggen awesome work on their own. I could go on an on here, but I think you get the point - (except for the Stones, who should have given it up 25 years ago) They all realized it's better to go out on top, with your dignity and legacy intact. At this point, as others here have put it so eloquently, putting out stuff like this only serves to \\"becoming an embarrassing parody of their former selves\\".<br /><br />Sorry, just have to be honest here.ir great history. Genesis, both the \\"old\\" and \\"new\\" have quietly gone their way. Gabriel and Hackett are both still producing some friggen awesome work on their own. I could go on an on here, but I think you get the point - (except for the Stones, who should have given it up 25 years ago) They all realized it's better to go out on top, with your dignity and legacy intact. At this point, as others here have put it so eloquently, putting out stuff like this only serves to \\"becoming an embarrassing parody of their former selves\\".<br /><br />Sorry, just have to be honest here.
B004USRLRS|5.0|Graham Nash / Songs for Beginners:  This is a great album of Nash's loves, hopes and angers in 1971.  It continues to be relevant today.  The best cuts are Military Madness and Chicago/We can change the world (which most people mistakenly believe are CSNY songs).  Five Stars.
B003Y5H5FG|1.0|Really don't waste your time, the film has little to no storyline. Little by the way of a script and the effects are average.  I was waiting, waiting, waiting for something interesting other than the usual vampire bites victim \\"action\\" nothing really happened! Boring!!!
B000002I6X|4.0|Stephen Stills / 2 : This is an album that lures you in and demands your attention.  It is not one of those albums that comes to mind when considering `the Great albums', and yet you learn to embrace each of these tunes and you seek out this album for it's expression and attitude.  I wouldn't want to be without this album, but I can't claim to `love' it either.  I give it four stars but I wouldn't argue against those who give it Five.
B004EPYZSU|5.0|Jon Favreau does a fantastic directing job again with Cowboys and Aliens. I didnt have my hopes up with Daniel Craig as the main character, but i had to see it because of Harrison Ford, which is one of my favorite actors. This turned out to be quite a thriller. the story was fantastic, some small comedy that makes you giggle and plain out western alien action. This is definetly on my Christmas list along with my other favorites of the year Super 8, and Rise of the Planet of the Apes!!!!
B000002KDM|5.0|James Taylor / Mud Slide Slim and the Blue Horizon:  This is a Great album.  This is as important an album as the Sweet Baby James album (It is hard to imagine one without the other).  This album gets five stars.  Highly Recommended.
B005HI4LMS|5.0|I bought this recently after reading a review elsewhere.  I love dark comedies.  My family laughed hysterically throughout this movie.  If you're looking for a movie that is commonsensical, scary, emotional, blahblahblah, don't purchase this movie.  If you're looking for a fun, outrageous movie that will make you laugh, I highly recommend this one.
B00009P1MP|5.0|Don McLean / American Pie : The Amazon Editorial Review could not have been more incorrect about the quality of this album.  Yes, the title track is the classic that deservedly got all the attention.  However, \\"Vincent\\" is not a shirt-tail hit, it is a fantastic song that is as loved as \\"Pie\\".  The fact is, these is not a bad song on this album and that makes this Album (not just the song) a Masterpiece.  This album deserves a Sixth star.<br /><br />I have the MFSL Gold disk (which is extremely good) but since that disc has become stupidly overpriced (used), it only makes sense to buy this fine regular disc release.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|My granddaughter just loves the game. she plays it on the way to school every day. Great fun for her and for me in my down time.
B000002KBU|5.0|Joni Mitchell / Blue :  A near perfect album of romance and romantic failure.  It is true that this album is different than her earlier Masterpieces, it is even better.  This album deserves a Sixth star.
B006JPS1OM|3.0|nice graphics but short. some times have to tap multiple times. not the most intuitive kind of hardbro figure out what to do next.
B000002KDW|4.0|Faces / A nod is as good as a wink...to a blind horse:  As usual, Faces come up with a couple of huge hits (with Rod Stewart singing) and the rest is either good or bad.  Yet, again as usual, their collection of strange songs seems to work well as an album.  I like it so I give it four stars.
B005WTR4ZI|3.0|They do a very good outline of the issues including how technology has changed the way people work and with it the need for less people to do the job.  The issue and the reason for only 3 stars is because of their ideas of how to solve the problem.  In this area they are very light on facts to backup their statements.  This is not the case for the outline of the problem.  The ideas for a solution do not address the greater needs (how many people have been forced to lower paying jobs / no jobs).  The solutions they offer only focus on a select few.
B000002AOZ|5.0|Carole King / Tapestry (SBM Gold disc - Master Sound):  This is a Masterpiece.  Not only was this album a perfect reflection of attitudes in 1971, it has continued to be relevant for all the decades that have followed.  The Gold disk is a excellent choice, but not the only choice.  This is a album you ought to have.  This one ought to get a Sixth Star.<br /><br />Tapestry in relation to her other albums:<br /><br />I wanted to add this addendum to the review in order to say that \\"Tapestry\\" is only part of a larger trilogy of albums.  The other two albums (that belong alongside Tapestry) are her albums \\"Music\\" (which followed Tapestry) and \\"Rhymes & Reasons\\" (which followed Music).  If you love \\"Tapestry\\", you will be happily stunned by listening to \\"Tapestry\\", \\"Music\\" and \\"Rhymes & Reasons\\" in succession.  Such a listening is one of the great joys of life and you shouldn't deny yourself the pleasure.
B005URRCUY|3.0|Look...The Black Keys are to music what Quintin Tarintino is to films....even at their worst...they are better than half of the crap out there at the time.   I'm a HUGE fan for years, well before they started selling their songs to television commercials....or before they got radio play other than college radio...I'm glad to see their hard work and dedication finally pay off for them...BUT...one of the things I've always liked about them is how they pretty much keep the sound the same....  That cannot be said for this album...and it comes down to the co-producer/writer...Danger Mouse!  It's as if he has become the unofficial 3rd band member...and I do not like what he brings to the sound for the most part...I myself was never a huge fan of Attack and Release, although I own it, it is my least favorite of the entire collection. And now this album will sit right next to it.  Don't get me wrong..it's not terrible by any means...but I prefer the less produced, rawer version on Brothers and Rubber Factory.....  When I heard Attack and Release I was afraid that would be it for the band....then they gave us Brothers, which showed me they were capable of going back to their raw, less polished roots.....now we get this album...which is back to the sound of Attack and Release...and what do both albums have in common....Danger Mouse.  I know that Attack and Release is considered a great album by a lot of BK fans...and I'm sure they will love this too...but for those fans like myself that prefer the raw, less polished version of the band...this album is not for you.  On a side note...I do like \\"lonely Boy\\" as it REEKS of The Cult....and that should tell you something...when I can compare the new single to The Cult.
B004SIIBGU|1.0|This app won't let me sign in on my Kindle Fire. I hope this app will be fixed soon because I need to access my ebay account on my Fire.
B0035G02MW|2.0|One must always be grateful for a new David Lodge novel, but this is a sub-par effort.  As other reviewers have commented, there are some interesting ideas here, but they never seem to click.  The book ends up being a bit of an unsatisfying hodgepodge.  The biggest problem is that the main character, Desmond, is neither attractive nor attractively evil.  We don't really want to spend time with him, which is a problem.  There are flashes of wit here, but I had hoped for more.  I'll wait for the next one ....
B004LWZW7O|1.0|Seriously, the worst actor ever, can hollywood also get over this hyper lame liberal political talking points for an entire movie...shame...had potential...
1597801577|4.0|The Windup Girl, in my opinion, is a great science fiction book. It takes many different aspect of past science fiction trends and takes them to a whole new level. I have never seen a premise, setting, and characters written to such a high degree of detail. The story is set somewhere in the distant future, maybe in the twenty second century, in Thailand. The amount of detail put into the setting and following four different characters makes the beginning of the book go slowly but I believe it is worth it because the level to which the character's personalities are revealed makes it much easier to relate to them (as relatable as a genetically altered person or food altering corporation \\"spy\\" can be). But once you get through the foreign words and descriptions of each character's personality and conflicts, you cannot put it down.      The book is truly science fiction. It follows many of the trends and progresses them even further. From the basic fears first drawn upon in the eighteen hundreds, to the shock value needed currently, The Windup Girl never fails to deliver. For instance, the fear of the unknown has always been a major component of science fiction. However, it has been slowly disappearing from science fiction as society has learned more about itself and what is out there. The Windup Girl draws on the fear of the unknown using diseases contracted through contaminated fruit and bacteria that could be in other products. Rather than creating a new monster or magic spell, Paolo Bacigalupi uses a fear that has always been a part of our society and makes it impossible to avoid by attributing it to food. Another fear he adds to the story is the fear of control. The government branches continuously fight for power and fear those who can take that power away. And who could forget about technology in a science fiction novel? The Windup Girl goes into great detail of the technology used to genetically alter food, animals, and even humans. As well as a new type of power generator called a Kinkspring. While the technology does not make up the entire story, it is still needed to move along the plot and make the story interesting.      Moving into the trends of the nineteen hundreds, science fiction was portrayed the answers to \\"what if\\" questions. Paolo Bacigalupi follows this part of science fiction flawlessly. The Windup Girl shows a possibility of what could happen if we let pollution to get out of hand, if humans, animals, food, and diseases are continually genetically altered, and the problems of letting everything be controlled by greed. Countries and entire cultures were ruined and other disasters are mentioned in The Windup Girl, all of them caused by these \\"what ifs.\\" Furthermore, with the desensitization of any audience towards violence, science fiction needs to have some type of shock value. Graphic scenes are quite common place in movies and now novels. The problem with that for me is that it is hard for me to get past the violent parts and actually enjoy the messages underneath. Of the few graphic and violent scenes in The Windup Girl, many of them are quite sexually explicit. This follows another trend of sexually liberal stories that appeared in the eighty's.  Over time, it was less taboo to add that kind of detailed content. The Windup Girl's sexual content is minimal but quite detailed during specific parts. However, after seeing what happens as a result, you will see that it is necessary to have in order to move the plot along.      Technology is also a main plot device in The Windup Girl, as it is for most science fiction stories. However, it is not the main focus of this story. Like more recent science fiction, The Windup Girl is not all about the technology. Yes, it has new technology and goes into great detail about that technology, but it is not the main idea of the book. Technology and pseudo-science is merely a way to explain why it is possible to create living Cheshire cats and the \\"perfect\\" being.  Instead, a larger focus is on the need of identity. As the story progresses, we see Emiko's internal struggle with her trained and practically programed tendencies and her need to belong as well as be her own person. Paolo Bacigalupi's writing for each of the characters' struggles is brilliant. He even describes how their past experiences effect their current decisions.      The Windup Girl is a great story for those who like having everything explained and also enjoy deep character development. While at times the plot can seem complicated, it is very easy to get into because each character plays a different role and is so well developed that you cannot help but root for some and hope the others lose. The best part of the book overall is that it is clearly a part of science fiction, yet it stretches the genre as well. For instance, the basic hero device has been slowly leaving the science fiction genre. The Windup Girl does not have that basic hero character. Instead, each character has his/her own different heroic journey. I found this an interesting yet enjoyable new change. The setting, subject, and characterization of the story is a lot different from other books I have read but it is really good, and I'm sure that's a main reason it won the 2010 Hugo Award for Best Novel. It is a great story and a major page turner by the end of the book.
0385535139|4.0|Had been turned off grisham for a while.....last few books just did not make me want to read him again.  But had the chance to borrow The Litigators as an e book from my library.  I was not disappointed!  This story was funny.....great characters.....and I do mean characters.......legal plots very good.....found myself anxious to keep reading and find out the ending.  Some neat twists....overall a lot of fun to read.
B0053F042G|5.0|This is a rather odd little movie, but I think that's a big part of why I liked it.  The timespan covered by the movie is only a day, in fact focusing on only a few minutes of that day, and only a handful of people are involved, yet the movie is able to deftly explore a lot of important themes from a lot of angles via that small slice of life.  The acting is also very good, with nothing being overdone.  True, the alleged quantum physics used to make the plot possible is almost all nonsensical mumbo jumbo, but that's OK because the wise viewer will inherently be inclined to push the nonsense to the periphery and just run with the story.  Here are a few of the themes that stood out for me:<br /><br />- Life is \\"nonlinearly sensitive\\" in the sense that the smallest events can result in an entirely different life trajectory (the well-known \\"butterfly effect\\").<br /><br />- Superficial judgments of people often turn out to be completely wrong.<br /><br />- Life can end unexpectedly, so don't squander the time you have.  Make every day count.<br /><br />- Don't forget to tell the people you love that you love them.  Before it's too late ...<br /><br />- There may be some form of afterlife, but it could be quite different than what we imagine.<br /><br />Now do you see why I liked the movie?  Recommended if you're looking for something that has some depth.  In fact, when I finished the movie I thought it deserved four stars, but my further reflection on the movie upgraded it to a solid five stars.
B005OOSPZO|4.0|I feel that the release by 20th Century Fox of the Japanese cinema version of Tora! Tora! Tora! on Blu-ray and with an additional ten minutes of Japanese produced scenes warrants further attention directed largely at its historical content. The Blu-ray is noticeably darker and the grain heavier in scenes such as the Japanese aircraft launch from the flagship Akagi in the pre-dawn of December 7.<br /><br />Tora! Tora! Tora! is a gripping and mostly accurate account of Japan's treacherous attack on Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941 and the events that preceded it. Fox intended that the film would be both historically accurate and balanced. To achieve that balance, Fox arranged for American and Japanese producers and directors to film their accounts of the Japanese attack independently and then blended both accounts into one story. For greater realism, Fox wisely chose to exclude top film stars, such as Charlton Heston or John Wayne, and selected a cast of fine character actors for the American and Japanese roles in the film. The American account appears to have been largely drawn from Professor Gordon W. Prange's authoritative history \\"At Dawn we slept\\" and does not shy away from depicting the succession of blunders that should have alerted the American armed forces in Hawaii to the approaching danger.<br /><br />The logistical problems facing the producers were very challenging. When the film was being made in 1970, computer generated images (CGI) had not been invented. No Japanese aircraft dating from 1941 were available except in museums. So Fox converted American Vultee BT-13 and North American AT-6 Texan basic trainers to look like Zeros, Aichi \\"Val\\" dive-bombers, and Nakajima Navy Type 97 \\"Kate\\" level and torpedo bombers. The effect was so realistic that one WW II Japanese Zero pilot thought the Zeros used in the film were genuine. The Japanese built complete full-scale replicas of Admiral Yamamoto's flagship Nagato and the carrier Akagi on the beach at Ashiya airforce base. Fox built a full scale replica of the battleship USS Arizona mounted on barges. The Fox miniature department built 29 American and Japanese warship models - some as long as 40 feet. The pilots who flew the Japanese aircraft replicas over Hawaii in this film were American. Japanese actors only featured in aircraft close ups.<br /><br />\\"Tora! Tora! Tora!\\" is divided by an intermission into events leading up to Pearl Harbor and the actual attack on Hawaii which has been brilliantly filmed, and unfortunately, resulted in the death of one pilot. I agree completely with the views of film reviewer Leonard Maltin who described the film in these words: \\"Well-documented screenplay shows major and minor blundering on both sides, then recreates attack with frightening realism. Well-made film creates incredible tension. Oscar-winning special effects.\\" (2008)<br /><br />The historical context of the film is probably well settled. Tensions between the United States and Japan had been rising since the Japanese attacked China in 1937, and were not helped by the sinking and machine gunning of survivors of the American gunboat USS Panay in the Yangtze River by the Japanese in December 1937. The American government had responded to Japan's brutal and unprovoked aggression against China and occupation of French Indochina by a steadily rising program of economic sanctions including embargoes on oil and other military-related trade. The military-dominated Japanese government had already decided by mid-October 1941 to retaliate by attacking the United States unless the United States submitted to all Japanese demands - removal of all embargoes and a free hand to seize resource-rich countries across East and South-East Asia. The Japanese government knew that the Americans were highly unlikely to submit to Japan's demands. To distract the American government while it secretly positioned a powerful aircraft carrier strike force for a surprise attack on the United States Pacific Fleet at its Pearl Harbor base in Hawaii, the Japanese government ordered its envoys in Washington to engage the Americans in intensive diplomatic discussions related to American concerns about Japan's aggression against China and occupation of French Indo China.<br /><br />When it comes to historical accuracy, I have a serious problem with the Japanese contribution to the film. The Japanese account contains two major falsifications of history that appear to be intended to mislead viewers by minimising Japan's and Hirohito's war guilt in relation to Pearl Harbor. With the apparent intention of disguising the treacherous nature of the Japanese sneak attack on Pearl Harbor in peacetime and at 8.00 am on a Sunday morning (Hawaii Time), the Japanese producers suggest that Japan intended to submit a 14-part document containing a formal declaration of war to the American Secretary of State, Mr Cordell Hull, at 1.00 pm on December 7 (Washington Time). At 1.00 pm in Washington it would be 7.30 am in Hawaii and half an hour before the Japanese planes were scheduled to strike Pearl Harbor. The film suggests that tendering of this formal \\"declaration of war\\" at 1.00 pm was frustrated by decoding and clerical delays in the Japanese embassy in Washington. Such delays may have occurred, but the Japanese document eventually submitted to Secretary of State Hull at 2.20 pm on December 7 (eighty minutes after the first Japanese bomb fell on Hawaii) was not a formal declaration of war. It was not even an ultimatum. It was merely a summary of Japanese grievances and demands, coupled with a blunt announcement that Japan was terminating the lengthy diplomatic negotiations between Ambassador Nomura and Secretary of State, Cordell Hull. On two occasions in the film, Admiral Yamamoto and his staff officers refer to the 14-part document as a \\"declaration of war\\" which it clearly was not. Japan formally declared war on the United States several hours after the last Japanese aircraft had returned to its carrier from the smoking ruins of the American battleship fleet at Pearl Harbor.<br /><br />New evidence of the treacherous nature of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor has been revealed by Professor Takeo Iguchi who has spent years combing Japan's foreign ministry archives. Professor Iguchi felt that the Japanese diplomats in Washington had been unfairly blamed for the late arrival on Cordell Hull's desk of the 14-part message breaking off peace talks. Professor Iguchi claims that foreign ministry records reveal that the foreign ministry wanted to tender an ultimatum to Cordell Hull before the Pearl Harbor attack but the Imperial Army insisted that the final message should simply terminate diplomatic negotiations to avoid alerting the United States to its danger. Iguchi claims that foreign ministry records show the military deliberately withheld the final part of the 14-part message to ensure that the translated document would not reach Secretary of State Hull until after Pearl Harbor had been attacked. Professor Iguchi has an interest to serve by clearing the Japanese diplomats of negligence. His father was one of them. But the truth of the claims by Professor Iguchi can be tested by reference to documents that he claims are in Japan's foreign ministry archives.<br /><br />The Japanese contribution to Tora! Tora! Tora! also falsely represents Emperor Hirohito as a benign figurehead commander of Japan's military who approved the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor because he was powerless to stop it. In a conversation prior to the attack on Pearl Harbor between Prime Minister Konoye and Admiral Yamamoto, Konoye is heard to say: \\"His Majesty's signature is a mere formality. The Cabinet is responsible for all matters of national policy.\\" Both statements are untrue. Under the Meiji Constitution of 1889, Hirohito could have overridden his cabinet on any issue and refused to authorise the attack on Pearl Harbor had he wanted to do so. The only significant aspect of the added ten minutes for Japanese audiences is a conversation between Admiral Yamamoto and a senior palace official in the Imperial Palace. The palace official falsely represents Hirohito as having been opposed to war with the United States but powerless to stop it. A study of Japanese history, and especially the Meiji Constitution, will reveal that the Meiji Constitution vested full control of the Japanese armed forces in the emperor, and the chiefs of Japan's military reported directly to the emperor and not to the civilian government. The fact that Hirohito was a \\"hands on\\" commander in chief with his military attaches active on every Pacific War front and briefing him daily is confirmed by Japan's official history of the Pacific War \\"Senshi Sosho\\" and by historian Professor Herbert P. Bix in his authoritative Pulitzer Prize-winning biography \\"Hirohito and the Making of Modern Japan\\" (2000), especially at pages 327, 329-331, 359, and 387-391.<br /><br />I hope these historical falsifications contrived by the Japanese producers will not spoil anyone's enjoyment of a film that I still regard as a masterful account of an appalling act of treachery. I deny TTT five stars only because of the falsification of history in the Japanese contribution. I recommend avoiding the 148 minute Japanese release and watching the 138 minute version released originally for American audiences.d to its carrier from the smoking ruins of the American battleship fleet at Pearl Harbor.<br /><br />New evidence of the treacherous nature of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor has been revealed by Professor Takeo Iguchi who has spent years combing Japan's foreign ministry archives. Professor Iguchi felt that the Japanese diplomats in Washington had been unfairly blamed for the late arrival on Cordell Hull's desk of the 14-part message breaking off peace talks. Professor Iguchi claims that foreign ministry records reveal that the foreign ministry wanted to tender an ultimatum to Cordell Hull before the Pearl Harbor attack but the Imperial Army insisted that the final message should simply terminate diplomatic negotiations to avoid alerting the United States to its danger. Iguchi claims that foreign ministry records show the military deliberately withheld the final part of the 14-part message to ensure that the translated document would not reach Secretary of State Hull until after Pearl Harbor had been attacked. Professor Iguchi has an interest to serve by clearing the Japanese diplomats of negligence. His father was one of them. But the truth of the claims by Professor Iguchi can be tested by reference to documents that he claims are in Japan's foreign ministry archives.<br /><br />The Japanese contribution to Tora! Tora! Tora! also falsely represents Emperor Hirohito as a benign figurehead commander of Japan's military who approved the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor because he was powerless to stop it. In a conversation prior to the attack on Pearl Harbor between Prime Minister Konoye and Admiral Yamamoto, Konoye is heard to say: \\"His Majesty's signature is a mere formality. The Cabinet is responsible for all matters of national policy.\\" Both statements are untrue. Under the Meiji Constitution of 1889, Hirohito could have overridden his cabinet on any issue and refused to authorise the attack on Pearl Harbor had he wanted to do so. The only significant aspect of the added ten minutes for Japanese audiences is a conversation between Admiral Yamamoto and a senior palace official in the Imperial Palace. The palace official falsely represents Hirohito as having been opposed to war with the United States but powerless to stop it. A study of Japanese history, and especially the Meiji Constitution, will reveal that the Meiji Constitution vested full control of the Japanese armed forces in the emperor, and the chiefs of Japan's military reported directly to the emperor and not to the civilian government. The fact that Hirohito was a \\"hands on\\" commander in chief with his military attaches active on every Pacific War front and briefing him daily is confirmed by Japan's official history of the Pacific War \\"Senshi Sosho\\" and by historian Professor Herbert P. Bix in his authoritative Pulitzer Prize-winning biography \\"Hirohito and the Making of Modern Japan\\" (2000), especially at pages 327, 329-331, 359, and 387-391.<br /><br />I hope these historical falsifications contrived by the Japanese producers will not spoil anyone's enjoyment of a film that I still regard as a masterful account of an appalling act of treachery. I deny TTT five stars only because of the falsification of history in the Japanese contribution. I recommend avoiding the 148 minute Japanese release and watching the 138 minute version released originally for American audiences.
B0050PYNP8|3.0|Much better than I expected based on the trailers.   At times very funny and clever. At other times confusing vulgar with funny.   At times making clever references to the oeuvre of Spielberg (with additional nods to Lucas and a few non-Lucas/Spielberg films). At other time way too on-the-nose provoking a \\"Yes, I recognize it already.\\" response rather than an \\"Oh, I get it - cool\\" response.   Fun for what it is. Disappointing for what it could have been.
B004P9GOAC|5.0|The MSRP for this item is $119, the price is completely false.  At first I was shocked that the price was $299 but after checking lego's site, I found it for $119
B0053Q9DHW|4.0|An exceedingly good cast with beautiful-but-not-too-beautiful cinematography and a gripping telling of the story make this one of the best of the many cinematic attempts at this novel. Mia Wasikowska is expectedly brilliant. The occasional too-modern sounding phrasing or delivery are really the only flaws.   The cinematography captures a believable look of light coming from limited light sources (candles, lanterns, sunlight through windows) rather than flooding the interior with a wash of light to make filming easier.
1416948678|5.0|Great book!  I purchase it after seeing the moving-but it is hilarious.  Would definitely recommend it to others to read.  Ladies-if he isnt acting like he is into you...he probably isnt
B003Y5H53S|4.0|The previews would have kept me away from Rango but the many rapturous reviews brought me in to see it. Really, a pretty amazing accomplishment. Obviously a lot of critics were won over by the many, many references to other films - which I feel went a bit far and began interfering with my involvement in the movie I was actually watching. Being based to such a great degree on Chinatown probably elevated it in many of those critics eyes as well but, since I don't really care for Chinatown, while I could appreciate the references, I wished that, if the filmmakers needed to copy a classic film, they had copied a one I like. The performances were uniformly great and the animation, not of the flashy \\"look what we can do\\" sort, was truly amazing, especially when I attended to all of the near photographically real elements at play.   ILM will have a tough time topping this with their second animated film whatever it is.
B0061IMJBI|5.0|You need zombies to feel alive--Cause you're not one of them? This is it. Watch N' love it! Would you become hardened? Or will you discover the depth of your soul?
B001UV4XHY|4.0|A decided improvement over the book in this case. This installment leading up to the big finish focuses on what most of us probably really care about - the people and relationships. The acting is quite good as well. The \\"kids\\" are growing into very good actors and director Yates trusts them to communicate everything the audience needs. Plus the kids are, as usual, surrounded by some of the best film actors around today.
