B000002GQG|5.0|I loved this album when I first got it as a Christmas present (I must have been 12 or 13).  And I love it today.  I haven't heard the \\"re-mastered CD\\" so I can't comment on that - I still listen to my scratched up LP.  This, along with \\"To Our Children's Children's Children\\", are in my opinion the Moody Blues best.  Lots of reviewers here are putting heavy emphasis on the \\"Eastern\\" flavor of this album.  To me, this sort of misses the point.  True enough, the Eastern theme may be ovbious on the surface, but the music acts as a springboard which transcends categorization, religious or otherwise.   And isn't that the point of music?  It's the Moody Blues, first and foremost, and that's what makes the album so wonderful.<br />I agree wholeheartedly with reviewers who expressed the idea of the endless emotional journeys that this album will take you on.  And people tend to forget, the Moody Blues can rock!  But rather than overwhelm you with it, they tease you, such as the ending to \\"Dr. Livingstone\\".  Chunky, syncopated layers of acoustic guitar, bass, drums and vocals still send chills up my spine 30 years later.  \\"Ride My See-Saw\\", \\"Legend of a Mind\\", and \\"The Best Way To Travel\\" are in my opinion the best cuts.<br />Simply put, this album is a treasure.
6300216268|4.0|It's been fun reading these posts by people who were so moved and entertained by this movie.  I saw it when it first came out and have had Cat Stevens' songs in my head ever since.  It's one of those personally affecting movies that prompts fans to quote from it, and my favorite moment after all these years is (as it is for some of these other writers) Maude flinging Harold's charm into the river, because now she'll &quot;always know where it is.&quot;  That was my first taste of movie profundity, and I've never lost it.<br />If you haven't seen the movie yet, you can probably read some of these posts and not have it ruined for you.  There's so much to laugh at and marvel over in it, and of course, those songs. . . .
B000002GQJ|2.0|After &quot;Lost Chord&quot; and &quot;Children's Children's Children&quot;, this album was a huge disappointment.  &quot;Question&quot; is good, but it goes downhill from there.  To me, the album is just too....well, SAPPY.  It's amazing to me how anyone could rate this as one of &quot;their best&quot;.<br />If you must collect everything the Moody Blues ever did then by all means go for it, but for those just becoming familiar with the group, stick with the other 2 mentioned above.  If I had bought this album first I may have never bought another Moody Blues album!
B000002JSN|3.0|Musically speaking, this album is incredible. John Bonham is on fire. There are a few songs here that I do really enjoy. Trampled Under Foot, Kashmir, Ten Years Gone, and Down By The Seaside. Lot's of standard Zeppelin rockers like House of The Holy, Custard Pie, and the Wanton Song(great title, if nothing else). The problem is, though, that these songs bear a very striking similarity to all of their previous upbeat rockers. As usual, the lyrics are silly and secondary to the music. The thing about the album is that while your average garage band could never come up with something on this level, I don't really enjoy the album. In My Time Of Dying is the best example of this. An 11 minute jam which may be both Jimmy Page's and John Bonham's best ever work. The only problem is the song is awful. It's probably the least enjoyable song on the album.
6301095294|2.0|There are two reasons to watch this movie. The first is that you love the Beatles so much that anything they ever did, including bowel movements like this film, fascinate you. The second is to see Vivian Stanshall sing &quot;Death Cab for Cutie.&quot;  This is the only good scene in the film. It is not worth watching the whole film, however, so don't do that.  Fast forward to the &quot;tent scene,&quot; watch it, and remove the DVD from your player.  You're done. It is incredible that the Beatles, the greatest Rock act ever, are upstaged in their own movie. At least we get to see the Bonzo Dog Band.
B000000W5N|5.0|Before last summer, I despised the Rolling Stones.  To me, theywere lame white wannabes, far too old to be doing what they were doingand not even that great at it; I mean, come on: &quot;EmotionalRescue&quot;?!  &quot;Almost Hear You Sigh&quot;?!  The last thing Ineeded was a skinny scuzzbag older than my dad telling me how he can&quot;feel his tongue on mine/ soft and smooth&quot;--vile.  Butgoing through my mom's old records, I stumbled upon a strikingly oddalbum; a big pair of pants with a zippered crotch... wow, this is the Rolling Stones!  I wondered what it mightsound like; it was obviously older than their records I was(unfortunately) used to my mom having played when I was younger.  Mycuriosity sparked, I took it upstairs and put it on the ol' turntable,handling it lovingly but noticing how worn it looked, too--my mommust've played the heck out of this one...[crackle--hiss--pop]&quot;Dat-dat, dat-dat-da-daaaa...&quot; In it's first ten seconds orso, &quot;Brown Sugar&quot; packed more of a punch than any of theirstuff I could remember.  I couldn't stop listening, and as soon as theneedle reached the runout groove on side two, I flipped it over andstarted it again.  Over the course of listening, I forgot about myimages of nasty old Mick purring and cooing in my ear, my impressionsof Keith as a walking corpse; all of that stuff, it fell of the wallof my consciousness like old wallpaper.  <br />Here are a few reasons whyI love this album: (1) Charlie Watts' drumming.  Never flashy, neverquavering, insistent and solid yet with the expression andtastefulness of a superb jazz drummer.  I can't praise his dead-onbeats enough.  (2) The way the slide guitar on &quot;SisterMorphine&quot; cuts me to the bone every time; it sounds tangible andterrible, able to harm.  (3) &quot;Sway.&quot; I'm reluctant toinclude an entire track as one of my reasons, but even though I'venever been drunk in my life, this song makes me feel like I'm stoopedover my god-knows-how-many-this-one-is beer in some dingy bar,reflecting wistfully on a relationship gone sour.  I feel dumb for it,but this song seriously works on my emotions.  (4) The fact that&quot;Dead Flowers,&quot; despite the fact that it's just a jokeyredneck song, is an absolutely incredible piece of pop craftsmanshipthat I can't get out of my head.  (5) The aforementioned album art.Yeah, I'm a sucker for that sort of thing, but Andy Warhol's design isone of the coolest I've ever seen.  (And you know you're a geek aboutthat stuff just like I am.)  I know that I shouldn't like the RollingStones, but I really, really do.  This album especially.  I have allthe rest of their epochal albums from '68-'72, and while I love themall, too, this one still has an air of ineffable magic about it that Ihope to God never goes away.  I'm not going to tell you what tolisten to; all I can do is tell you why I love this album so much.  Ihave a load of albums, and I like music ranging from free jazz toexperimental electronica, from modern classical to undergroundhip-hop.  The fact that Sticky Fingers is one of my favorite albumsever really says something.  A final note: the Stones do not needyour money.  Look for this album used before you buy it new.  And ifyou're an audiophile or a sucker for album art, try to find it onvinyl; if it's worth it's salt, your local used record store isguaranteed to have a copy or two.
B00004Z4WR|4.0|THE STORY --- Randall &quot;Memphis&quot; Raines(nicolas cage)lives a quiet life. He was the best car thief in a long time but nowhe's retired.... Until his brother Kip Raines (Giovanni Ribisi) iscaptured by a big criminal who needs 50 cars (stolen) in 3 days. SoRandall &quot;Memphis&quot; Raines has 2 choises, the first is justlet his brother been killed or to steal the 50 cars and save hisbrother. Well he goes for the 2nd option. He gathers the old carstealing team and go steal the cars. But there is only one way to dothis, boost the cars in 1 night.  THE DVD --- The dvd is great ihave no comments about it. If you want the best version of the movieon dvd buy the region1. The menu of region1 looks far more better thenthe region2 version.  CONCLUSION --- This is a great dvd for the carlover. In this movie you see the newest cars been stolen. There is onescene that bothered me from the movie. You see Randall&quot;Memphis&quot; jumping over a lot of cars what looks reallyfake. But the rest of the movie was great so i still bought it.
B000003S0I|5.0|With &quot;Larks' Tongues In Aspic&quot;, King Crimson takes us on yet another wondrous and thought-provoking musical, as well as lyrical, journey. This particular journey starts out rather calmly on the title track, then the Larks descend on their prey with a fury of fire as the track progresses. &quot;Book of Saturday&quot; is a nice, overly sentimental number, while &quot;Exiles&quot; is a track that features rather schizoid musical tendencies, in that the guitar has a mind of its own. The crown jewel here is the comical &quot;Easy Money&quot;, complete with a morbid sense of humor and maniacal laugh at the end. Just what in blue blazes are &quot;moccasin sneakers&quot; anyway? &quot;The Talking Drum&quot; is somewhat of a misnomer, yet is very free-flowing with its odd bass and percussive rhythms. The Larks appeared to have awoken from their long hibernation in &quot;Larks' Tongues In Aspic, Part Two&quot;, and return with that same fury of fire as in the beginning. Hmm...I guess those Larks are/were still hungry. If you have an enormous appetite for King Crimson's music, you better grab these &quot;Larks&quot; before they migrate south for the winter, permanently!
B00003CWTH|5.0|This is a wonderful film in the spirit of Robert Altman's Nashville and Short Cuts. This is Writer/Director PT Anderson's third film and the best yet. (He also wrote/directed Hard Eight (Sydney), and Boogie Nights). This movie centers around coincidence, redemption, and how &quot;you can be through with the past, but the past is not through with you&quot;. It takes place in the San Fernando Valley and spans 24 hours in the lives of many people. Some of whom are paralleling each other. Like Quiz Kid Donny Smith who is a parallel to a young child who is now on quiz shows. Tom Cruise gives an exceptional performance as Trevor Mackey, a sex tape guru who was abondened by his father when his mother was dying of cancer. His father is now the one dying of this disease (The late great Jason Robards). He is married to Julianne Moore who married him for the money and now feels guilty about finally falling in love with the old man, just as he's dying. The nurse taking care of him Phil Parma is played by Phillip Seymour-Hoffman in another wonderful performance. The host of the quiz show Jimmy Gator (Phillip Baker-Hall) is also dying of cancer. And did something to his daughter Claudia that has led her to a life of cocaine abuse and random sex. All of these characters undergo major changes over this period of time as we are led from a deathbed scene, to an interview gone bad, to a murder, through the lives of these pathetic but likeable characters. PT Anderson is the master of swirling camera's and has a visual style all his own. This film was the best film of 1999 and is my personal favorite film ever. It did not make the kind of money it should have but has been discovered on video obviously as it ranks #77 all time currently on the imdb top 250 list. The surprise ending seems insaine at first but makes complete sense when you think about it. Most people might not get the film because it is so original, a matter of fact after 2 of it's three hours were done in the movie theater some people were already walking out. But i say go see it, &quot;thingIt's the [best] you ever saw&quot;.
0792156684|1.0|This is the most overrated movie of all time! The romance between Jack and Rose was way too unrealistic. They just met and only knew eachother for four days! They can't be in love. Parts of this movie were way out of the time line. No one who wasn't married made out in 1910's. That was only added so it could get a PG-13 rating. I can't believe all the awards it won or being the best movie ever! There are much better movies, even movies about the titanic. I'll admit, the boat sinking was pretty cool, but there are more interesting stories about boats sinking than one that wasn't supposed to sink. Most of the movie is so boring I almost fell asleep. Thank God it isn't popular anymore!
0920668372|5.0|This is a very sweet book -- I got it because of one of the reccs here, and I liked it so much I gave it to my mother and my mother-in-law as well!  Although it does make me cry at the end.
B000002JEV|5.0|I find this album to be a great buy for anybody who wishes todiscover what Led Zeppelin music is all about.  It offers a powerfulmix of some classical rock tunes (Whole Lotta Love, Immigrant Song)with some awesome blues pieces (You Shook Me, Since I've Been LovingYou).  Also, this CD showcases Zeppelin's capacity to improv (Dazedand Confused) for long minutes just as well as they can execute atight, short song (Communication Breakdown).  The purity of the 'raw'session on CD Two allows the listener to realize just how muchartistic talent all members of the band really had.  Without any helpfrom mixing, dubbing or any other 'tricks' from recording studios,Robert Plant's incredible voice sounds just as good as on any otheralbum.  It even carries more emotions in it.  The BBC Sessions alsoallow the listener to discover how Jimmy Page can bring both heart andsoul to guitar playing.  For the older Zeppelin fan, those livesessions bring different dimensions to otherwise very familiar songs.In particular, I enjoyed the constant interaction displayed betweenPage and Plant.  The energy of these early years (from '69 to '71) iscaptured on those 2 CDs and represent, in my mind, Led Zeppelin attheir very best.  The most devoted fan will particularly enjoylistening to Stairway to Heaven as it was performed for the first timein front of an audience.  The crowd listens to the intro without evenmaking a sound -- something that will never happen in futureperformances! All in all, I find this CD to be a great buy for allLed Zeppelin fans, old and new.  It captures the essence of what thisgreat band is all about and what it represents in the history of rockmusic.
0800105141|5.0|I viewed this movie as a requirement in my &quot;world studies&quot; class during our unit on British Imperialism. The on-screen representation of Gandhi's personality gave me a finer insight into his motivations and background. One particular element to the story I found fulfilling was the display of younger Gandhi as an educated &quot;British&quot; lawyer. His change in identity was very well portrayed as he grew closer to his people. This video was an absolutely excellent supplement to my studies on Gandhi and imperialism. Gandhi's political success was an awesome sight to see portrayed. The manner in which such a frail old man as Gandhi overpowers an entire empire is nearly miraculous, and his attempts at unifying a very religiously diverse India are noble. Gandhi proved to the world that violence is an unnecessary element to &quot;fighting&quot; for change, and that non-violence can be even more effective. It is not hard to tell why people such as Martin Luther King Jr. and Cesar Chavez, both leaders in civil rights movements, were inspired by the achievements of Gandhi, and modeled their political activism after his non-violent model. I felt that this movie exquisitely portrayed Gandhi's persona, his aspirations, and his accomplishments. I very strongly recommend this film to anyone who wants to know more about Gandhi, and anyone who would like to vicariously witness the spectacular accomplishments of one of the greatest persons in history.
0684853523|4.0|I looked forward to picking it up whenever I had to stop reading for a while.  Although I'm not a fan of his fiction, it was interesting to read about this writer's life and many of his struggles and triumphs.<br />To his considerable credit, Mr. King wrote much of this book while in physical pain and he appears to give his readers an honest, unvarnished look at his life and his experiences with writing.  The theme of honesty, both as it is delivered in this work and as discussed in the context of writing, makes it well worth reading.  <br />Unfortunately, there's no getting around the fact that it's sloppily written, full of unnecessarity profanities (he's a writer; can't he do better than shock value?) and there obviously wasn't too much time spent analyzing the first draft and teasing out more than a straight narrative of events.  Retentive types can even have an exciting time finding the misspelled word (hint: it's a proper name) and noting the repeated improper use of ellipsis, which takes some of the credibility out of the grammar lecture section. King's devotion to and appreciation of his wife is touching and genuine, though the book jacket says she's also a novelist and I was left wondering why this fact wasn't given at least a little more ink.  <br />Despite how hard he has worked at writing, his admitted lack of confidence even now is well, frightening.  This was a valuable lesson to me in itself. Even when I wished he'd done some things differently, the theme of honesty and King's willingness to open himself up to us were so consistent and refreshing I just didn't want to stop reading.  <br />If you're looking for a book to help improve your own writing, this contains some very good and unique pointers and quite a few you will have heard before.  If you liked Anne Lamott's Bird by Bird, you'll like this; it's the same wonderfully encouraging, life-is-messy look at the whole process and King will very likely inspire you to believe in yourself and your ownvision more than you already do; he's a master at dealing with self doubt.<br />It's good; I just wished he'd spent more time on it.
0780626494|5.0|Most &quot;duck out of water&quot; stories focus on the duck's perspective. How will he cope? Can he manage in a world so different? While &quot;Blast From the Past&quot; is definitely in that category of stories, the focus is almost reversed. We never really have any doubts as to whether our hero will cope with a strange new world, the question is, how will the world cope with him.<br />Brendan Fraser is perfectly cast as a young man seeing the world for the first time, after getting the ultimate sheltered upbringing; fall-out shelter that is. During the Cuban missile crisis his parents, Calvin and Helen Webber, retreat to their backyard shelter. This turns out to be a good idea as it saves them from a plane that crashes into their perfect 50's home, but the explosion only serves to convince them that the atomic war has commenced. Thus begins their 35-year exile under 20 feet of rich, suburban soil.<br />While not critical to the plot, we are treated to the birth and upbringing of young Adam Webber, as her learns science, languages and boxing from his genius father, Christopher Walken. His somewhat stressed and tipsy mother, Sissy Spacek, teaches him the fine art of dance and imbues him with impeccable 50's manners. It is like a sociology experiment. How will a man develop if he is exposed to the minimum range of consistent stimulus possible? This is especially true given that his unworldly parents actually try to shield him from the few harsh truths they do know, such as a nasty four letter word, &quot;from the archaic French, meaning roughly good&quot;.<br />The clock ticks over and eventually Adam must face the new world. Armed with good intentions, good manners and a great shopping list, he ventures into the unknown... and immediately gets lost. But don't despair, he is half-heartedly rescued by a beautiful if cynical blond by the name of Eve, Alicia Silverstone. Once again, this is perfect casting. Adam and Eve develop a touching chemistry that forces us to buy into the whole kismet thing.<br />Eve and her quietly gay but witty companion Troy, guide Adam through the dangers of downtown Los Angeles, while he goes shopping for supplies and a wife. But while Adam learns quickly from his new tutors, they learn even more from him. They learn to feel again, to be honest and polite. They start to see the world as if through Adams eyes and are the better for it. The message here may seem to be one of rosy nostalgia for the good old days but I prefer to think of it as a comparison between cynicism and sincerity. You walk away from this film wondering if all that protective armour we wear, might only be weighing us down.y into the whole kismet thing.<br />Eve and her quietly gay but witty companion Troy, guide Adam through the dangers of downtown Los Angeles, while he goes shopping for supplies and a wife. But while Adam learns quickly from his new tutors, they learn even more from him. They learn to feel again, to be honest and polite. They start to see the world as if through Adams eyes and are the better for it. The message here may seem to be one of rosy nostalgia for the good old days but I prefer to think of it as a comparison between cynicism and sincerity. You walk away from this film wondering if all that protective armour we wear, might only be weighing us down.
B000022TSV|5.0|First a caveat: my recommendation is to always, if possible, buy a opera on DVD. DVD's are hypermedia and videotapes are linear media; the ability of hypermedia to jump from point to point rather linear media's limited ability to go only forward or backward gives you the ability to quickly find arias or other favorite parts and replay them to your hearts content. <br />That being said here is a DVD that is perfect for someone who wants to begin to explore the delights of opera, or who wants to give someone a great introduction to opera, or who just wants a marvelous performance of Carmen. Set in Andulusian Spain in a beautiful ancient town with the Chorus and Childrens Chorus of Radio France and the Orchestre National de France directed by Lorin Maazel, with Placido Domingo (he had sung this role about 150 times prior to this filming) as the corporal Don Jose, Faith Esham as Micaela the maiden who loves Don Jose, Ruggero Raimondi as Escamillo the toreador, Francois Le Roux as Morales, Lilian Watson as Frasquita, and Susan Daniels as Mercedes and last but certainly not least, Julia Migenes in a sizzling performance as Carmen. This DVD is an intoxicating combination of stunning scenry, a huge colorful talented cast, Bizet's timeless music, an excellent experiened orchestra and chorus, wonderful dancing by Compagnie Antonio Gades (El Amor Brujo), director Francesco Rosi's (Three Brothers) great sense of theater and staging. The digitally remastered video and sound quality are quite good and the audio would probably be even better if your television is set up with the latest in sound and speaker systems. A few scenes in this film are staged in settings different from the libretto and this performance uses the original dialog rather than the recitatives which were composed after Bizet's death and which are generally used in contemporary performances. Since it was filmed seventeen years ago there are few extras on the DVD. Enjoy.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|Sure this has got some great songs. But here's the truth: buy the white album and abbey road. Once you listen to THOSE two cd's you'll forget you even own this one. THEY'RE THAT GOOD!
0553573403|5.0|stunning. can't wait to read the next one.
B000050XEI|4.0|I don't agree with those who say this album sounds tired, with nothing new.  Of course Enya still has her same style and sound, but why shouldn't she?  Aren't most artists recognized and liked for a certain sound and style?  I am certainly glad she hasn't changed her ethereal sound.  Enya has such a gift for melody that the songs on this album sound new and fresh, not at all worn-out.  With the exception of Tempus Vernum, I love the sound and melody of every song.  Had my sister not gotten it for me for Christmas first, I surely would have gotten it myself.  Hearing each song was like finding a new melodic treasure.
B00003CWPQ|5.0|I have never liked masks. The masks in this film are what they were meant to be a look at the self no one wants to see. There are moments in every Kubrick film that haunt you. They come back at some later date. In the movie the doctors wife is very angry with him so angry that she cheats on him and then laughs out loud at him in her sleep but cries when she tells him the dream in reality. She really hates him but that alone causes her so much conflict she can only be honest in her sleep. Seeking revenge for her fantasy dreams because it was not him she desired. Our Doctor finds himself comfortable in a room full of masked people having sex everywhere awake. This tells me what it is she might not like about him or herself. There are parts of this film that have been censored and changed and that insults me. Kubrick filmed it for a reason and changing it is like sticking a fig leaf on the most important part. We are animals and sex is not a puritanical act. This movie though long in doing it confronts that part of us behind the mask. Then Stanley died leaving us as always knowing he just said something we may not want to look at and would like explained so we can deny it or at least intellectualize it. Alas Kubrick knew the Id is not easy to understand. I know I will remember those masks for the purpose they serve in this film only a very creative mind could have created that effect.  Sure its not alien or scream but its more horrifying because the animal lives within quietly suppressed to be civilized but then again is it?
B00004Z4WR|3.0|I thought this movie was something totally different. But it turned out to be funny and value oriented. SURPRISE! Not the deepest movie ever, but a good night at home!
0399146253|2.0|I'm a huge fan of Kay Scarpetta but this book was just too much. It was constantly referring to Black Notice, the book prior to this, so much so that I felt as if I should have read the two back to back.<br />It starts out slow and is (of course!) resolved in the final few pages. I think that Kay is getting to be one dimensional -- surely she has some sort of a life away from work? Everything revolves around her and everything is tied together. I know, I know, it's a novel about *HER* but it gets to be too much.<br />If you've read all the others in this series, of course you'll have to read this one. But, I don't think it's up to standard tho I was left with a feeling of hope for future Kay Scarpetta novels!
B000000OU0|5.0|This is the only other band apart from the Beatles whose songs are as fresh and relevant today as they were when they were released. The music still takes your breath away and the arrangement for Hotel California is astonishing. No serious collection of music should be without this CD
B00002DESX|5.0|I'd recommend this cd to anyone into punk, since these guys invented punk rock. Even people who are not that much into punk (like myself) will find it enjoyable. These guys seriously know how to rock and roll, and the lyrics are hilarious!! Do not call yourself a fan of the Ramones unless you have this CD. It is essential. My personal favorites are &quot;I Don't Wanna Go Down to the Basement&quot;, &quot;Blitzkrieg Bop&quot;, &quot;Beat on the Brat&quot;, and &quot;Chain Saw&quot;
B000000WF0|5.0|Words can't describe my thoughts of this album. Bitter Sweet Symphony is the best song ever created. Period. Like another reviewer, The Drugs Don't Work makes me cry every time I listen to it.
B00004WIBW|5.0|This is a masterpiece, with a perfect cast, very good stunts and special effects. It is tongue and cheek which makes you wonder whether you should laugh, or just die of terror. The headless horseman is fascinating, and so well done here, with a beautiful black horse! WONDERFUL! A must...
0446525537|3.0|This book was a gift to me on my 16th birthday. Finally I got around to reading it and finished it in a short time. It is the traditional love story of a bad boy redeemed by the girl he least likely expects to fall in love with. (since the plot is predictable, I'm not giving much away) Here the boy is Landon Carter, son of North Carolina's governor, and the girl is Jamie Sullivan, daughter of a Baptist minister. Although they've known each other all their lives and been in the same classes at school, they are very different from each other. Landon is mischievous and spends time eating boiled peanuts in the local graveyard with his friends. He also finds pleasure in making fun of Jamie's father, among other people. Meanwhile, Jamie is well-known for contributing money and time to orphanages and saving wounded animals. Other teenagers shun her, believing that she's a goody-two shoes. Landon thinks the same way until he gets to know her better. Gradually he realizes that he disliked her before because her own virtuousness made him feel guilty. Influenced by her example, he cleans up his act. He learns that what they have in common is strong enough to draw them together in romantic love. But their near-perfect happiness is too wonderful to last. Jamie is harboring a devastating secret. What is it? And how will it affect their relationship? <br />Here is a three-word description of the story: sappy, but sweet. Who could fail to be moved by Jamie and Landon's romance? Beaufort, North Carolina in the 1950's provides a nostalgic backdrop for the tale. My favorite scene was when their drama class performed the Christmas play. <br />However, there were some details that I didn't like about the story. Although Landon changed, he still seemed like a shallow youth. And his 57-year-old man voice was not greatly different from his 17-year-old boy voice. The book read more like young adult fiction than an adult novel. But I will give the author credit for creating a poignant, Christian love  story. Unlike most books out on the market today, it contained no immorality and very little coarse language. And Jamie and Landon are truly in love, not just lusting after each other like couples in many novels. The story fulfills its purpose: that is, to arouse our emotions and entertain us. <br />Overall, don't expect to discover earth-shattering revelations in this book. But if you are a hopeless romantic and don't mind reading a book for pure pleasure every once in a while, &quot;A Walk to Remember&quot; might just be a book you'd enjoy.
0140177396|4.0|Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck is a wonderful book.  After I started reading it I couldn't put it down.  It contains only 107 pages and is a pleasure to read.      This book really puts an insight on Steinbeck's theory of the perfectability of man.  All this means is that he believed that nomatter how different people were that they all could make a difference in society.    The two main characters are George and Lenny.  George is a short, smart, muscular man.  Lenny is a large, strong, man with the mind of a small child.  This very unlikely pair get into alot of trouble, but all they bolth want is a place of their own with chickens, rabbits, horses, and other farm animals.  But all of their dreams are ruined because Lenny likes to touch and pet soft things. But when he gets scared all he wants to do is hold on to the soft things.  Whether it be a pretty soft dress, or a young woman's soft hair. This book seems so real.  I actually forgot that it was fiction.  It takes you through life changing events, mishaps, and dreams of two poor laborers who just want a place of their own.  Steinbeck's ability to amaze you is as always astonishing.
0385493800|1.0|I was very disappointed in this latest novel by Grisham.  It just dragged on and you got to the point where you didn't even care who got the money.  Although there were many characters he never really built any of them up, you only got bits and pieces of each  person.  It was a waste of time to read.  If you are new to Grisham try his earlier books, The Client, Time to Kill, The Firm, The Pelican Brief because that is when he was at his best.
B00003CXDF|1.0|I found the first MI very entertaining and didn't really expect too much from the sequel.  Still I was very dissapointed.  The plot here is almost non-existent.  I found myself not caring about any of the characters or what happened to them in the end of the movie, I just wanted it to end.<br />The action scenes are overdone and there are too many of them.  I say this keeping in mind that this is supposed to be an action/thriller.  The characters and their realtionships could have been developed a little bit more.  Ethan Hunt is pretty much a one man team this time.  Ving Rhames does the same exact thing he does in the first MI.  The third team member is almost non-existent.<br />I guess if you like your plots to be really straight forward and drawn out and the action scenes long and plentiful, you will like this.<br />I really think John Woo gets a lot mroe credit than he deserves.  Broken Arrow is one of the worst movies I have ever seen and this is not too far behind.  Face/Off isn't too bad, it at least has somewhat of a plot with exceptional action. <br />If you liked MI 1 stay away.
B00003CXDB|4.0|Michael Douglas and Charlie Sheen are at their best.  Martin Sheen is his usual cool self.  This movie is an excellent portrayal of what made the &quot;Greedy 80's&quot;.<br />Gordon Gekko (Michael Douglas) is a ruthless multi-millionaire financial tycoon who calls on a young aspiring stock broker, Bud Fox (Charlie Sheen), to help him obtain illegal inside corporate information.  Fox gets caught up in all the hundreds of thousands of dollars flowing in his direction and he loses sight of the more important things in life.  Only when Gekko tries to ruin Fox's father's (Martin Sheen) employer, a commercial airline, does he see the error in his ways.<br />Daryl Hannah plays Darien Taylor, a neo interior decorator with a nose for the big bucks.  She falls for Fox as the money rolls in.  There's not a lot of bad things to say about this movie, except that Hannah is terribly miscast.  It's still a must-see movie for anyone who lived in the 80's or is interested in finance.
B000002J1L|3.0|I have to say that after the brilliance of 'Trespass, 'Nursery Cryme' was a minor disappointment.  Maybe this was due to new joiners Steve Hackett and Phil Collins trying to find their place in the band -- unlikely, but possible.<br />The verses of some of the songs have little melody: compare the monotone opening of the 'Musical Box' with 'Looking for Someone' on 'Trespass'.  I think it exposes Genesis's songwriting technique of the time -- lyrics first, then the music -- as risky.  You don't always create the best tunes that way -- rather like some of the recitatives that link the arias of a Mozart opera.<br />But to me, this wonderfully eccentric english music conjures images from the film of the LP Hartley novel, 'The Go-Between', made around the same time and set in a country mansion in Norfolk.
014028009X|4.0|Bridget Jones's Diary, by Helen Fielding, is so funny that many of its flaws are overshadowed by its hilarity. The plot, for example, simply chronicles a year in the ordinary life of Bridget, a thirty-year-old single female set for self-improvement. However, by amusingly presenting Bridget's obsession with matters such as weight and alcohol consumption, Fielding brings the story to life, making the most ordinary story extraordinary. The plot, simple as it may be, also works to endear readers to Bridget and her diary. Her struggle to fight, yet failure to overcome a nicotine addiction and other humanistic desires allows the reader to relate to Bridget and all her imperfections. The fact that Bridget tackles realistic problems to begin with takes the reader one step further and allows the reader to actually be Bridget. Best of all, Fielding delivers this mastery in an easy to read, easy to follow, neatly arranged package. Chapters go by months, days start with cigarette, calorie, and lottery ticket counts, and relatively short dialogue appears randomly scattered throughout. Being a quick, easy novel relating to female nature and relative to the female mind, Bridget Jones's Diary is the perfect read for any woman in need of nothing more than a good laugh.
B000002J1L|3.0|I have to say that after the brilliance of 'Trespass, 'Nursery Cryme' was a minor disappointment.  Maybe this was due to new joiners Steve Hackett and Phil Collins trying to find their place in the band -- unlikely, but possible.<br />The verses of some of the songs have little melody: compare the monotone opening of the 'Musical Box' with 'Looking for Someone' on 'Trespass'.  I think it exposes Genesis's songwriting technique of the time -- lyrics first, then the music -- as risky.  You don't always create the best tunes that way -- rather like some of the recitatives that link the arias of a Mozart opera.<br />But to me, this wonderfully eccentric english music conjures images from the film of the LP Hartley novel, 'The Go-Between', made around the same time and set in a country mansion in Norfolk.
0790734850|5.0|Don't hate it because it's beautiful.  Actually, this gorgeously shot retro-noir crime film is full of memorable characters and enhanced by some sharp acting.  But it's just so wonderful to stare at... like a movie version of costar Kim Basinger (who won Best Supporting Actress).  <br />Russell Crowe plays taciturn Bud White, a brutal cop who nuts up when he sees anyone hit a female. Kevin Spacey portrays Jack Vincennes, a flashy-dressing cop who advises a &quot;Dragnet-&quot;style show and, thanks to sleazy journalist Danny DeVito, gets to make headline-grabbing drug busts. And Guy Pearce is Edmund Exley, the ambitious cop whose fortunes rise as his righteousness declines; classic noir &quot;deal with the devil&quot; stuff where the clean-as-a-whistle hero ends up covered with the muck he starts to rake.   It also features perennial favorite character actor James Cromwell as Capt. Dudley Smith, Exley's mentor,  and a character very different from the kindly  farmer he played in &quot;Babe.&quot; <br /> And what a plot- it propels itself through a vividly realized City of Angels where capped teeth and brightly-lit movie premieres alike hide dark secrets.  White, Vincennes and Exley get themselves thoroughly embroiled in organized crime, blackmail, prostitution, police and civic corruption and   murders.  Features an unforgettable ending as master politician Exley joins White in a motel room shootout and has to make certain moral choices that will forever alter his life and career, and the Los Angeles police force itself.                            This is a classic film, destined to join such greats as &quot;Chinatown,&quot; &quot;The Godfather&quot; and &quot;Sunset Boulevard.&quot;  Just remember... Rollo Tomasi.
6305265488|5.0|I love this movie for many reasons, but the most important reason is that it portrays Cinderella as an intelligent and self sufficient person.  Yes, of course she gets her prince charming but unlike other versions of the tale, she dosn't need a fairy godmother, and she dosn't need the prince to save her while she sits around waiting.  This cinderella is a real woman with real problems, and she finds true love.  That is what a fairy tale is supposed to be.
0671867369|3.0|&quot;The Band of Brothers&quot; is another example of Stephen Ambrose's talent in capturing the feel of the front lines and experiences of E company. The book truly captures the essence of soldiers at war.<br />But the problem with Mr. Ambrose's writing is that it is very biased and lacks critical objectivity. Like his other books, the author puts too much of own personal feelings and opinions into the works when as a historian he should have been more objective. At times in BOB, he seems more like a cheerleader for Easy Company. This may have been a result of Ambrose's personal closeness to the veterens in which his strong admiration of them may have clouded his sense of objectivity. This is examplified by such comments as the 101st Airborne winning battles because the American system is better the German system or that E company and the Army was getting at the Nazis, which I found unnecessary and more fitting for a comic book as well as being questionably accurate. It is doubtful that a good judgement can be made of the superiority of one nation's armed forces and system to another based on the actions of a company-level unit. E company was a fine outfit as was the rest of the 101st. Perhaps the best in the Army durng the war. They were the exception. But that wasn't always reflective with much of the rest of the Army. There were more than a few occasions where the American soldier and their leadership system failed to measure up against their often superior German counterparts, which was also acknowledged by Mr. Ambrose in his other works. The accounts of Easy company and the 506th PIR were enjoyable to read and very gripping but the personal takes made by the author made BOB much less than perfect as a historical take on WW II.
B000051VWW|5.0|I held by breath for eight years and finally I can exhale. I consider this CD to be a platinum effort by Sade and a welcome relief from other disappointing R&amp;B offerings out there. This CD rocks with sparse albeit deep lyrics, jammin' beats and the raw sensuality that is Sade. BUY THIS CD! You will not regret it.
0763611883|5.0|My kids and I love this one.  It's funny, imaginative and well-drawn and pokes fun at one of my daughter's hangups (she is a very picky eater).  The story it tells is funny and I think it really captures the imagination of young children.  A young boy tells us about his picky sister and how one night, he gets her to eat all the foods she hates by telling her they are magical foods (as an example, mashed potatoes are snow clouds from Mt. Fuji). All his ideas are really funny.  As a narrator, I can really get into telling this story and it has my kids in hysterics.  It also enables my picky eater to see how silly it is to be a picky eater.  Maybe it's just that she is growing up (almost 5), but I do think that this book is helping her be less picky.  We imitate what the boy in the story did by making up exotic names and sources for food she thinks she doesn't like, and it works!  I recommend this book highly.  It's yummy.  You will have a good time reading it and your kids will enjoy hearing it and looking at the terrific illustrations.
0812523334|5.0|Little Women focuses on the four March girls; Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy, as they grow up from childhood to adulthood.  The characters in the book try to teach each other helpful lessons about life, virtue, and morality. The novel is a real eye opener for everyone.  Each of the mistakes the girls in the novel make are intended to provide some guidance for the reader.  Society is explained, the harsh winters are described, and the profound work ethic of the people is described to also give the reader a strong sense of what life was like during the nineteenth century.  I can strongly relate to all the character's feelings which are strongly depicted in Alcott's writing.  I firmly believe all teenage girls should read the novel to hopefully be as strongly influenced as I was.  The girls are constantly troubled by the necessity of being good, even when they feel the desire to be bad.  There are also many issues on relationships between girls and boys.  Friendship turns into love and vice versa, making a strong theme out of gender relations. The girls also struggle with the ideas of motherhood, sisterhood, pride, education, and marriage. After reading this novel, the reader will hopefully look more at their own life and his/her morales. Through the novel there is clear representation of the benefits of what good does.
0375405224|2.0|Patrick O'Brian's seafaring tales have received so much acclaim that I was prepared to be captivated by this, the first novel in his series.  But, alas, it left me shrugging &quot;Is this all there is to it?&quot;<br />The book is just a series of several battles, which all seem indistinguishable from each other.  There is very little character development, and very little scene-setting detail which might have made me feel temporarily as if I myself were a British seaman a couple of centuries ago.<br />It is important to note, however, that I listened to an abridged audio tape version of this novel.  The abridgement seemed choppy, with many events seemingly cut off in the middle before jumping to the beginning of the next chapter.  It is possible that I would have found some of the missing detail and character development in the book itself, and that I would have been more satisfied with it in that case.  Since this was my first exposure to O'Brian's books, I have no idea whether the shortcomings I have mentioned were inherent in his writing, or were a product of the abridgement.  All I can say was that I was disappointed, and probably won't read any more of these books.
0767819446|4.0|I hope I can write this review to recommend &quot;The Thirteenth Floor&quot; without giving the story away completely.<br />    Movies about alternate time tracks and realities have strangely become quite popular in the past couple of years, though science fiction writers have written about parallel worlds since at least the 1930's. I once wrote a term paper for a science fiction class on this subject and enjoyed the reading immensely! My favorite author in this genre was the late Phillip K. Dick. Two of his novels about parallel worlds were  &quot;The Man In The High Castle Castle&quot; and &quot;Ubik.&quot; Ironically Dick achieved some overdue fame as he was dying in 1982 when Hollywood released the well-done &quot;Blade Runner,&quot; based on one of his future-world novels.<br />    Developments in 20th century science have proven that time is in a sense an illusion, which parallels Eastern mysticism quite well. It is proveable that also in a sense events in the past, present, and future are going on at the same time. The fine, highly readable book, &quot;Parallel Universes,&quot; by Fred Alan Wolf, uses quantum physics to prove that in fact the future influences the present. While I feel that we should stay grounded in our present reality, it's also good for mind expansion to ponder the illusions of life. &quot;The Thirteenth Floor&quot; is the best movie I've seen that shows that time is an illusion, and offers questions and metaphors for various mysteries of existence, such as time, and &quot;who am I.&quot;<br />    &quot;The Thirteenth Floor&quot; is ostensibly about a company that uses computers to travel to the past, to a simulated alternate reality, where the main characters play roles similar or different to their roles in what the movie portrays as &quot;present&quot; time. The computer program that creates the alternate world actually downloads the personality of the character in present time to the past reality, and there is a strange merger of personalities, the inner world of the human, vs. the outer world he lives in.<br />    Unfortunately there is a certain amount of violence in TTF, and in fact the murder of one of the scientists who created the world-generating computers is ostensibly the &quot;real&quot; mystery that drives the action. Yet from the beginning the mysteries of what is the &quot;real&quot; world, who are the &quot;real&quot; characters, combined with appropriate music and darkness in every scene until the last one, create many levels of mystery and intrigue. As the truth of what is really going on, which is the &quot;real&quot; world, is revealed to the protagonists, the illusion of what we think of as reality actually deepens! Again, I saw this realization of the illusion of reality to be an excellent metaphor for what is called &quot;maya&quot; in Eastern mysticism. The fact that computers (science) are the reality-generators is ironic to say the least!<br />    Unlike &quot;The Matrix,&quot; which features a very dreary &quot;real&quot; world behind the more pleasant reality we live in, &quot;The Thirteenth Floor&quot; ends in a message of hope, as the &quot;real&quot; reality turns out to be a very positive future.<br />    I've read some reviews about the poor acting in the movie, and I strongly beg to differ. The 4 or 5 main actors do an outstanding job with a very abstract script. Except for the police detective all the main characters play different roles/aspects of the same character very well. I also became a (big) fan of the beautiful Gretchen Mol, whom I had never seen in a movie previously.
B00004Y87J|1.0|This movie is sooooo boring.
B000002G30|5.0|Only once every few years do I happen to find an album that is so beautifully crafted, that it is near impossible to select any favorites from the album, or only listen to one song; Dopes to Infinity is one of those few albums, where the album might as well be one long song, instead of divided into 12 individual sections.<br />MM blend psychedelic and rock elements together to create an hour long episode inside MM's brainchild Dave Wyndorf.  The lyrics are purposefully written to be obscure with many science fiction and space-tinged themes, which is one of MM's glamors by truly being askew from the normal, standard popular rock crowd.<br />While I find it difficult to select any one song as a favorite, the top of my list would be &quot;Dopes&quot;, &quot;Negasonic&quot; (which is the song that introduced me to MM), &quot;Third Alternative&quot; and &quot;King of Mars&quot;.  The lowest points I would point out would be Blow 'Em Off and Dead Christmas which have a more acoustic feel to them, but even they have their shining moments.<br />Not only would I label this among my favorite albums in my collection, this album has also placed its stamp in my life, detailing my life back in 1995-6.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This is an album that everyone is going to have to get.  Dido is an up and rising female with one of the best voices around.  The album contains songs like Here With Me(the new single), My Lovers Gone, Hunter, Im No Angel and Thankyou. (which may sound familiar)  People had better get used to Didos music as it is going to be around for a long time as she is going to be huge.
B000000H6Y|5.0|Ah...Type O Negative, dark quartet of moody, macabre, sometimes offensive, sometimes funny, but always rocking music. Many consider this their best album, and it probably is. I certainly love it. Every track (even the fillers) contribute to a sense of schizoid darkness embraced in an air of humor. The first track alone, &quot;Machine Screw,&quot; just sends chills down the spine. It's difficult to determine if I should laugh or cringe...so i do both. &quot;Christian Woman&quot; and &quot;Black No. 1 (Little Miss Scare-All)&quot; are classic tracks, and are utterly brilliant, possessing as much melodic beauty and technical musicianship as anything done by King Crimson, Pink Floyd, or Black Sabbath. &quot;Fay Wray Come Out and Play,&quot; another filler that's either scary or funny, though it's probably more funny than anything. &quot;Kill All the White People&quot;...is just plain hilarious. Listen to it and laugh, for that's all it is: a mockery of racism at its most extreme, to the point of total humor. &quot;Set Me on Fire,&quot; &quot;Summer Breeze,&quot; the title track, &quot;Blood and Fire,&quot; &quot;Too Late: Frozen,&quot;...all are incredible testaments to Type O's blending of gothic beauty with metal mayhem, mixing depressive emotions with unbridled hilarity. If the songs aren't mocking society (&quot;Kill All the White People,&quot; and &quot;We Hate Everyone&quot;) they're mocking ex-girlfriends and goth chicks. I read somewhere that &quot;Black No. 1&quot; was about an ex-GF goth chick of frontman Peter Steele's who liked him to wear a mirror so she could imagine f***ing herself...sounds like a depressing situation that could easily be made fun of to me, and that's precisely what the band does. Musically and lyrically, the album shows the band in top-form, easily making it their best album (although it is arguable that the following albums were just as good, and IMHO they are, if not better). Get this album!!! Listen to it...and either wallow in the dark and moody pastures of depression, or run in the plateaus of mockery and fun! Either way, this album is incredible!
B000050FEN|5.0|Not only is the movie itself great, but the DVD is one of the best on the market. Is this news to anyone? Probably not.<br /> The commentary track with Fincher and Pitt is interesting, and worth at least one go round. I listened to all the other ones, some of them are the usual technical garbage that isn't really useful to anyone but film students. <br />If I were you, I would buy this now. I would also buy fight club. Buy anything that has David Fincher's name on it. Do it soon.
B000056N8X|4.0|I'm a longtime fan of both the original Highlander movie and the television series. When I saw this film in the theater, I thought to myself: &quot;Not bad, but it could be better.&quot; The action was great, as was the thrill of seeing Adrian as Duncan MacLeod on the big screen, but overall I felt that the movie lacked many of the story elements and character development that made the series so great. Well, about a month after I saw theatrical version of Endgame, I viewed the rough cut 'Workprint' version of the film (which will be included on this DVD set in one way or another). Let me say, this Director's Cut is just what the doctor ordered! A lot of the footage that was removed or altered for the theatrical release is in this restructured version of the film. I feel that had this version been sent to theaters, the critics may have been a little kinder (probably not) and many more new fans would have been brought into the Highlander universe. If you're a fan who was somewhat disappointed in the theatrical release of Endgame, or even if you thought it was great to begin with, you can't go wrong with this DVD set!
0679731725|4.0|On a recent Booknotes, Peter Hitchens (brother of Christopher and resident of the opposite end of the  political spectrum) was discussing his book The Abolition of Britain.  Framed by the funerals of  Winston Churchill and Princess Di, the book argues that the greatness of Britain has passed, subsumed  in the familiar morass of statism, political correctness, and egalitarianism.  After listening to his  lament, Brian Lamb asked him what one thing about that now departed Britain he would most like to  bring back; Hitchens answer : &quot;Mainly civility...&quot;  Now, much of the conservative yearning for the  past must be taken with a grain of salt--no one, or very few, think the world was actually a better  place fifty years ago, with Jim Crow laws and the like--but on this one point conservatives clearly  have a case for the superiority of the past : nothing good has come of the coarsening of society.  The  complete abandonment of manners and etiquette has been an unmitigated disaster.<br />The argument against civility and manners is that they represent an artificial facade; and we after all  live in an age when you're supposed to &quot;act naturally,&quot; &quot;be yourself,&quot; &quot;let it all hang out,&quot; etc., ad  nauseum.  In the first place, the serious and determined cultivation of civility ( a la George  Washington) can serve to shape the underlying person : careful tending to the facade can result in the  edifice coming to resemble its front.  Second, even if public behavior based on strict etiquette is a  front, it is favorable to the alternative : better to be treated decently by someone who loathes you than  to be treated in a manner that coincides with their true feelings.  Which brings us to the final point,  having seen what we're all really like without our masks of civility on, does anyone really want their  fellow man to keep on letting it all hang out ?  While everyone is  busy &quot;being themselves,&quot; we've  come to the sad realization that we don't much like those selves.  Which is not to say that we would  liked those selves any better fifty years ago, but, thankfully, fifty years ago those selves weren't on  display, instead everyone presented an admittedly artificial, but blessedly good mannered self to the  world.<br />Come we now to Kazuo Ishiguro's justly praised novel, The Remains of the Day.  In the character of  Mr. Stevens, a nearly perfect English butler, Ishiguro created one of the most memorable and  sympathetic figures in all of fiction.  As Stevens drives his new American employer's car across the  countryside, on his way to visit a former housekeeper, Miss Kenton, whom he hopes to lure back top  work at Darlington Hall, he reflects on his years of service to Lord Darlington and his own rather  complicated relationship with Miss Kenton.  Through a series of flashbacks, we learn that Lord  Darlington was a leading light in the movement to appease Hitler prior to WWII, and that, though  neither ever managed to articulate their feelings, Stevens and Miss Kenton were very likely in love  with one another, though she eventually left to marry another former staffer.  Eventually, as our  modern sensibilities seem to require, Stevens comes to understand that he has made a series of  dubious, perhaps even tragic, choices, and that both his service to Darlington and his failure to woo  Miss Kenton have resulted in his wasting his life.<br />That at least is the intended lesson we are to draw from the story.  But lurking within this rather  flaccid moral is an ever greater tragedy, one which makes Stevens one of the truly great heroes of  Western literature, until his rather maudlin closing scenes make him seem pathetic.  The more  intriguing reading of the story is that Stevens--with his unyielding professionalism, his ethic of  service, and his personal reserve--represents all that was best about the society that has passed.  Like  Don Quijote, he stubbornly adheres to a code which the rest of the world has forsaken, and like  Quijote, his idealism, though easily caricatured, is more appealing than the real world that he refuses  to accede to.<br />Ishiguro stacks the deck against this interpretation in two particular ways.  First, he makes Darlington  and the &quot;appeasers&quot; into pure tools of the Nazis and casts them as a tiny band of wholly deluded  aberrations.  In fact, appeasement, so-called, was extraordinarily popular at the time.  It was actually  those few in favor of War, like Winston Churchill, who were the social outcasts and were considered  outside the mainstream of political thought.  It is instructive that William Manchester's very good  book on Churchill during these years is called, simply : Alone.  For all that Ishiguro treats Neville  Chamberlain like a member of a clandestine cabal, bent on foisting a secret appeasement on Britain, it  is well to remember that he was hailed as a hero when he returned from Munich having secured  &quot;peace in our time.&quot;  when a democratic leader achieves the will of the overwhelming majority of the  people, he may be said to have acted unwisely, but he can hardly be said to have acted beyond the  bounds of reason.<br />Nor is it as self evident as some would like that the appeasers were wrong, even in retrospect, if we  consider only British national interests.  There is no likelihood that the Nazis ever could have  conquered Britain, nor that they could have long held it had they succeeded.  The War, though it  ultimately ended with Nazi Germany defeated, devastated Britain.  The civilization for which  Winston Churchill fought did not long survive him, which inevitably raises the question of whether it  was a  worthwhile fight.<br />Ishiguro counts on our willfully blind remembrance of the War, which has been glorified into a  popular and noble struggle against the Holocaust and its perpetrators, to make Darlington seem more  ridiculous than the events of the day or subsequent history would indicate him to be.  The intent is of  course to cast a pall over Stevens's service to the man, by debasing the cause he served, but this is  manifestly unfair.  Moreover, it raises an unfortunate analogy between fascism and the English  pre-War culture, such that Darlington's service to the Nazis is akin to Steven's service to Darlington,  as if the two are intertwined.  This is ludicrous.<br />There were, of course, British fascists.  And anti-Semitism was prevalent and virulent, though not as  virulent as in continental Europe.  But to portray Darlington as a genuine fascist or anti-Semite would  make him so abhorrent that Steven's loyalty to him would not be at all sympathetic.  But the demands  of the novel should not have led Ishiguro to completely rewrite history.  We are ignorant enough of  our own history without the popular culture further clouding it.<br />As for Miss Kenton, here to Ishiguro tries to have it both ways.  She is only slightly less reserved  than Stevens--after all, it's not as if she ever comes right out and tells him how she feels either.  But  at the same time, he has her flee, rather than work things out.  And they would work out eventually :  even proper English butlers married and had kids, witness Stevens's own father.  Perhaps their reserve  would have made the process agonizingly slow, but we have no doubt it would eventually have  happened and, in the meantime, their relationship, though stilted, had always seemed one of immense  rewards and real affection, however frustrating at times.<br />At novel's end, it's hard not to feel that it was Miss Kenton who made the mistake by leaving, rather  than Stevens by not stopping her.  A Stevens who was capable of the type of emotional openness for  which Miss Stevens seems to be pleading, and which Ishiguro apparently thinks healthy, would not  even be the same person with whom both she and we have fallen in love.  This is the odd paradox of  the novel : Ishiguro has crafted this character who readers love, but is suggesting that he should be  someone else entirely.<br />Though the author intends us to see tragedy in Stevens inability to change, it is far easier to perceive  tragedy in the way the surrounding world did change.  The world of Churchill and Darlington and  Stevens has been, as Peter Hitchens says, abolished.  In its stead stands the Britain of Tony Blair and  Charles and Camilla and Elton John.  Gone are gentlemen's gentlemen.  Gone are gentlemen.  Gone  is the ideal of &quot;dignity&quot; of which Stevens so often speaks in the novel.  How can that conceivably be  a good thing ?<br />GRADE : B+story would indicate him to be.  The intent is of  course to cast a pall over Stevens's service to the man, by debasing the cause he served, but this is  manifestly unfair.  Moreover, it raises an unfortunate analogy between fascism and the English  pre-War culture, such that Darlington's service to the Nazis is akin to Steven's service to Darlington,  as if the two are intertwined.  This is ludicrous.<br />There were, of course, British fascists.  And anti-Semitism was prevalent and virulent, though not as  virulent as in continental Europe.  But to portray Darlington as a genuine fascist or anti-Semite would  make him so abhorrent that Steven's loyalty to him would not be at all sympathetic.  But the demands  of the novel should not have led Ishiguro to completely rewrite history.  We are ignorant enough of  our own history without the popular culture further clouding it.<br />As for Miss Kenton, here to Ishiguro tries to have it both ways.  She is only slightly less reserved  than Stevens--after all, it's not as if she ever comes right out and tells him how she feels either.  But  at the same time, he has her flee, rather than work things out.  And they would work out eventually :  even proper English butlers married and had kids, witness Stevens's own father.  Perhaps their reserve  would have made the process agonizingly slow, but we have no doubt it would eventually have  happened and, in the meantime, their relationship, though stilted, had always seemed one of immense  rewards and real affection, however frustrating at times.<br />At novel's end, it's hard not to feel that it was Miss Kenton who made the mistake by leaving, rather  than Stevens by not stopping her.  A Stevens who was capable of the type of emotional openness for  which Miss Stevens seems to be pleading, and which Ishiguro apparently thinks healthy, would not  even be the same person with whom both she and we have fallen in love.  This is the odd paradox of  the novel : Ishiguro has crafted this character who readers love, but is suggesting that he should be  someone else entirely.<br />Though the author intends us to see tragedy in Stevens inability to change, it is far easier to perceive  tragedy in the way the surrounding world did change.  The world of Churchill and Darlington and  Stevens has been, as Peter Hitchens says, abolished.  In its stead stands the Britain of Tony Blair and  Charles and Camilla and Elton John.   Gone are gentlemen's gentlemen.  Gone are gentlemen.  Gone  is the ideal of &quot;dignity&quot; of which Stevens so often speaks in the novel.  How can that conceivably be  a good thing ?<br />GRADE : B+
B0000520Q1|5.0|In my own opinion, I thought this movie was awesome for teenagers, I really do like Seann William Scott as an actor, he has played all his rolls in the past two years very well: American Pie, Road Trip, Final Destination, and Dude, Where's my Car?(although plot was screwy). He always plays the funny subcharacters awesome. I think that breckin meyer and &quot;ruben&quot;, played their parts superbly, and I hope that they get more movie opportunities that are smashes with teens. I think that Tom Green was good for comedy relief(guess they thought a bit more never hurts :P) but his presence wasn't very necessary in my eye. I didn't really like the storyline with him as a tourguide telling the story, those parts were very boring, but the rest of the movie made up for it, from the part they impersonated a fraternity brother to accidently find out it was a national black fraternity, to when they went to get some money(see movie). Don't judge the movie right in the beginning, it isn't that stagnant during the rest of it.
B000005DQR|5.0|Many people seem to believe that sampling is basically just theft under a different name. Certainly a lot of producers aren't doing much to justify sampling as an art form. However, &quot;Entroducing&quot; is the one-album rebuttal (along with &quot;Paul's Boutique&quot;) to this argument. Completely composed of samples but never once feeling recycled, DJ Shadow takes us into a world of music without limits. Specific highlights are &quot;The Number Song&quot;, &quot;Stem/Long Stem&quot;, and &quot;Building Steam With A Grain of Salt&quot;, but the entire disc is equally amazing. If you like techno or hip-hop, buy this. And if you're a skeptic of the cut-and-paste mentality in music, this is one of the albums that proves you wrong. Buy it and listen to the future.
0399146253|1.0|Wish I would have read the reviews before I bought the hard back copy.  I have  been an avid Cornwell fan for years and anxiously awaited this release.  Much to my dismay it was hard to pick up once I started it.   Don't bother.  Never went anywhere.  Hard to follow but probably because it took forever to read being so longwinded.
B0000004V2|5.0|Unlike many of the reviewers here, this album has no memories attached to it for me. I never heard the band's work while they existed (give me a break! I'm only 17 years old!) and it's not like alternative radio's slamming this out on a daily basis (although in a just world, this would be in heavy rotation right along Pearl Jam). So when I say this is a five-star record, believe me - this is somebody who's hearing the music fresh.<br />What makes this so addictive is the way that pop songwriting and dance grooves exist side by side. Don't get me wrong - it's not a dance album. But the Stone Roses manage to combine the two to the point where the music defies categorization, and it's beautiful. Nothing on the album is weak, and the highlights (in my opinion, &quot;Elephant Stone&quot;, &quot;Fools Gold&quot; and &quot;Bye Bye Badman&quot;) are all-time classics. This may take a few listens to get, but it's well worth. Essential.
0399146253|1.0|Wish I would have read the reviews before I bought the hard back copy.  I have  been an avid Cornwell fan for years and anxiously awaited this release.  Much to my dismay it was hard to pick up once I started it.   Don't bother.
0790731940|5.0|This is one of the greatest westerns I've ever seen. Mel Gibson proves that he can pull off playing an actor who doesn't fight every twenty or so minutes (he tried with HAMLET, but that didn't work out well at all). Jodie Foster is brilliant and sexy as Annabelle, and James Garner is also funny. One of the things that I found interesting is that Country music singers pop up in unexpected places. Clint Black plays one of the card players found cheating, and thrown off the boat. Waylon Jennings plays one that illeagly carries a gun with him (Kathy Mattea plays his wife in the scene). Also making appearences are Tracy Lawerence, Radney Foster, and Vince Gill and his ex-wife. If you like entertainment, westerns, or just good clean fun, then you need to see this film from the director of the LETHAL WEAPON films and CONSPIRACY THEORY. Also look for Danny Glover in a surprise appearence. YEEEEHAAAWWW! Grade: A+
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed is a Pearl Jam wannabe???? Are you kidding me. I've listened to PJ and think that Vedder's stuff is nonsensical. At least Stapp writes and sings from his heart and I can understand him when he sings (Eddie, get the cotton out of your mouth when you sing, it may come through better). The music may be in the same category but I believe it is a joke to list Creed as a wannabe PJ. Give Creed some respect. They are one of the best feel good stories in rock. Call them wannabe's. Call them a Christian Rock Group. Call them what you want as long as you listen to their music at least once. I wonder if most of the naysayers are anti Creed because of the band's strict feelings about no drugs or alcohol on the road and commitment to the better half?? If you haven't listened to Creed, pick up Human Clay and give it a shot. Or better et, get My Own Prison and prepare to be rocked by one of the best bands in the last three years.
B00004WG2X|5.0|This version of P&amp;P is *far* superior to the silly Andrew Davies adaptation that the BBC followed with later. This adaptation is true to the book and entertaining at the same time. Funny and yet subtle in its humor, this version was adapted by Fay Weldon (a leading British author), so it keeps the *excellent* social observation of Jane Austen, while making you care about the characters. Elizabeth Garvie, as Elizabeth Bennett, is delightfully gauche and witty at the same time and David Rintoul plays a dreamy and powerful Mr Darcy. Elizabeth's parents are so awful and yet so pathetically human that you really want to cringe for her - this is an incredibly entertaining version. See it and die!
B000002KD9|5.0|I first heard the title track about five years ago on one of my Dad's tapes in the car. My first thoughts were along the lines of 'That singer has the most awful/annoying voice ever'. At that time I didn't even know who Neil Young was, and a few years on he is one of my favourite artists ever. Funny really. 'After the Goldrush' is superb from start to finish - every track stands out, from the brutal integrity of 'Southern Man' to the rather laid-back feel of 'Cripple Creek Ferry'. A must for anyone and everyone who has an ear for music.
B00003CXFG|3.0|Good things: Sounds is good, special effects are excellent and video quality is good also. Bad things: The beginning is boring. I even slept for 15 minutes and didn't miss a thing. Nothing spectacular about the alien creatures, and not even the way they kill.<br />My recomendation: Rent it and be the judge.
B000051VWW|5.0|Irie is the best description for this album. The best track on the album is &quot;Flow&quot;. Definitely worth the wait. If you can, get the UK remix of &quot;By Your Side&quot;. It has two reggae versions on the disc and are definite must haves.
B00003CXE7|4.0|__________________<br />I saw this twice in the theater and wanted to see it on DVD, curious about the performances. Were they as magnificent as I remembered, or was it the spectacle on the big screen? The film was a spectacle, but the impact is only slightly reduced on the small screen.<br />The performances are towering, and the cast is excellent. This is a movie most will enjoy, particularly those who enjoyed Braveheart. I'm not particularly a Ridley Scott fan, but when the performances are great, it's the director. This is quite an achievement, particularly since it is a genre picture. While I like historical dramas, few are of this high quality, and I hope that lesser lights don't try a follow-on to the success of Gladiator.<br />The companion disk has a behind the scenes or making of video which didn't interest me. I didn't want to spoil my experience of the movie by seeing the fakery. There is also an hour long historical supplement that is very educational. The child actor contributed a diary of his time on location, and although it took some time to get through all the pages, I found them to be amusing. The deleted scenes have alternate sound tracks provided by Ridley Scott, which was an excellent idea. It's easy to see that something needed to be cut due to the sheer length of the movie, but the story is further illuminated by viewing them, and the \\"betting\\" sequence is quite amusing.<br />Before you read any more of this review, or any others, I strongly suggest you buy and view the film.  If you still have doubts, check your local library -- many of them stock the VHS or DVD version, and will lend it to you more cheaply than a typical neighborhood video rental place.  You may find that the local library doesn't stock it, but can get it from another nearby.  Some libraries have online account management which allow you to request a check out of a book or video from a more convenient location.  Everyone loves the selection at the video rental chain, but everyone should also try to support their local library.  You are after all paying for it.<br />This movie recently won the Academy Award for Best Picture (2000) which has tinkled off a number of people (including about one third to one half of the subsequent reviewers here on Amazon).  Since there are 735+ reviews.... it seems like a good time for everyone to find a new hobby than reviewing \\"Gladiator\\".  Since we no longer have live bloodsports (at least, not in the US) we engage in endless debate on trivial subjects, such as whether this or that Oscar was deserved.  Two words -- WHO CARES?<br />\\"Gladiator\\" is visually stunning -- less so that it was on the big screen -- has an excellent and integrated sound track, believable characters, great performances throughout, and the companion disk has a one hour documentary on the life of real Roman gladiators and the history of the \\"games\\".  Other features of the companion disk include scenes that had to be cut, a making of the film diary of the child actor who played Lucius, as well as a behind the scenes documentary I didn't have the heart to watch.<br />The movie is a work of art, and therefore, despite the fact that historical background was used, the plot is fictional.  On the other hand, the emperor Commodus was suspected of murdering his father; he had some sort of physical ailment that lasted throughout his adult life; and the real Commodus was murdered by a slave who was employed by the emperor's political enemies to do so.<br />That said, the historical accuracy of various details -- battle tactics and equipment, the names of the emperors and their families, the simulated city skylines -- is magnificent.<br />Tigers were used in the real Roman games, as were orangutans (which were rediscovered in their SE Asian habitat in recent centuries), Indian elephants, and other Asian species imported for that purpose.  The monsoon trade route to and from the Far East has been known for thousands of years, and in Hellenistic times became well known -- probably not for the first time -- in the Mediterranean basin.  There are still those who think that no one sailed beyond the sight of the shore prior to 1400 AD, but those people are a pack of landlubber ninnies.<br />\\"Spartacus\\" was a better film only in that the title character was loosely based on a real historical figure.  But that movie was also a work of fiction, no less so than \\"Gladiator\\".  \\"Ben Hur\\" I've not seen, but know that it was similarly fictionalized.  I do hope that any historical blockbuster films which follow in the footsteps of \\"Gladiator\\" do as good a job of virtual time travel.<br />Recommended viewing:<br />-:- I, Claudius (DVD set, B00004U12X)<br />-:- Spartacus (DVD, B00005A8TY)<br />Recommended reading:<br />-:- Everyday Life In Ancient Rome by Lionel Casson (0801859921)<br />-:- Travel in the Ancient World by Lionel Casson (0801848083)<br />-:- The Ancient Mariners by Lionel Casson (0691014779)<br />-:- Sick Caesars by Michael Grant, particularly for the profiles of Marcus Aurelius and Commodus (0760709378, 00090312011)<br />-:- A Scandalous History of the Roman Emperors by Anthony Blond (0786707593)
B000031WI8|5.0|Looking back I realise that Wham! were much better than we ever admitted them to be. Wham! just makes every 80s party goin, the songs are timeless and still very listenable. It's the carefreeness of this decade that you just cannot find in contemporary tunes. And of course credit to George Michael's beautiful voice that make the feelings almost palpable. Wham! had a wide range of pop music: from soft excellent ballads to fast summer dance songs to some soft rap dance. I enjoy every song on the &quot;Final&quot; album and actually it is the best available cuz in some other best ofs some major songs of Wham are missing. My faves are: Club Tropicana, Wake me Up Before u Go Go, Careless Whisper, Last Christmas and The Edge Of Heaven. Enjoy! :)
B00002Z88D|5.0|The only problem I had with this album is that Unforgiven and Unforgiven II were left out.  They would have sounded great with the symphony.  Fuel, The Memory Remains and Enter Sandman souned great as always, and One and Where Ever I May Roam sounded even better with the extra background music.  No Leaf Clover was also a worthy addition to Metallica's hit list.  A must have for a true Metallica fan.
B000002U9E|5.0|Kate Bush's album &quot;Hounds of Love&quot; will take u under a wonderful spell. The sound is mystical and full of Kate's strong voice backed by great instruments to reinforce the stories that are told. The lyrics are very intellectual, emotional and fantastically ambiguous. I'd almost describe Kate Bush's songs on this album with mystic tales of which everyone can learn for his/her life. It is very relieving to listen to this album whenever your soul needs this spiritual attention. Every song is a masterpiece, especially &quot;Running Up that Hill (A Deal with God)&quot;, &quot;Hounds of Love&quot;, &quot;Cloudbusting&quot;, &quot;Under Ice&quot;, &quot;Waking the Witch&quot;, &quot;Jig of Life&quot;, &quot;Hello Earth&quot; and &quot;The Morning Fog&quot;.
0684853523|5.0|This work is both a wonderful &quot;conversation&quot; with Stephen King and great gentle advice for aspiring writers.  You'll find this book encouraging without sugar-coating the difficulties -- after all, writing IS work.  But King shows you that it is also the joy of creation that you can and should have fun with.  King's writing is so smooth, so consistent that I found I was halfway through this book in short order.  Plenty of humor!  Much of the book is biographical. King fans who are not personally interested in writing ought to read this for the insights it will bring to his other works.  I note how appropriate the cellar doors on the cover -- those who read &quot;Bag of Bones&quot; will &quot;get&quot; this.
B000002VSN|2.0|I guess I have a minority opinion but I cannot find as much excitement over Whitney's voice at all. OK, it is very strong and clear, it can sing very high and very low. But does that make a good voice, does that make expression? To me, Whitney's voice does not sound sensitive nor does it sound pleasant. To me, it's rather a voice with a huge lack of expressional character. It expresses nothing to me but a woman who wants to break all chords and alter the music business into an olympic competition for breaking chords. Also the Georgia Mass Choir is somewhat disappointing, I've heard some good RnB and Gospel but this album is one scream to me. There is no spiritual softness here rather an unbalanced attempt to pump religion into a commercial record. Religion as an individual process is not promoted in here. Also the non-gospel Whitney songs on this album are kinda weak and sound fairly hypocritical to me. If u want a good gospel album pick Mahalia Jackson.
0399146253|4.0|Novels about transition are problematic: narrative is necessarily sacrificed to introspection, discussion and analysis - disappointing for those who like their novels devoid of texture, light and shade. It takes a brave and skilled writer at the top of their game to attempt this kind of novel. The Last Precinct is so powerful because it manages to combine analysis of Kay and the monsters she deals with interwoven with a pretty good plot considering. For all those who breathlessly read Cornwell's masterly, intense works, this book is required and compulsive reading - we are seeing some intimate light shed into the inner reaches of Kay's character and the dumbfounding evil unleashed in Black Notice. Evil is puzzling: it needs explanation. I was greatly relieved to learn that Benton's death had to it a note of victory. Someone once wrote of P.D. James that she was a novelist who used the mystery genre as a vehicle to explore a wider vision of the world. With The Last Precinct, this can also be said of Patricia Cornwell.
0780020685|5.0|i remember watching this movie about 10 years ago on PBS and have finally been able to get it on Criterion DVD.  I am just waiting for the day that it shows up on my door! this is truly an amazing work that has been used as the base for many movies with the same plot (most recently the 13th Warrior w/ Antonio Banderas, which is actually a strong movie). Once again, thanks to AMAZON for being able to find this movie in high-end DVD format!
B0000024SN|5.0|I prefer the version of sounds of silence here to the one on 3am. they are both good, but in my opinion this one is much more dramatic and moving. they sound a tiny bit off on the 3am one. this cd is a must have for everyone who likes truly great music.
B000002H33|5.0|There are many other ways to describe this album, but stunning says it all.  While this raging inferno has its slower, melodic, more subtle moments, songs like Battery and Damage Inc. give the sound of an all-out battle scene.  I'm not even going to try to say anything that hasn't been said before in the last several hundred reviews, because I would only be capitalizing on what true metal heads have said.  And they can describe this masterpiece much better than I ever could.  But, being a musical connoisseur and enjoying a variety of sounds, I can honestly say that Master of Puppets is an essential to any true music lover's collection.  So, to any of you who are interested in Metallica or in getting into Metal in general, purchase this album immediately!  All the metal heads out there probably have this and if not they should definitely pick it up as soon as possible.  Highly recommended.
B000002H2H|5.0|Being a new fan, this is the album that introduced me to old Metallica.  It took a while for it to grow on me, but since it has, its never let go.  From high-energy, seemingly electric songs like &quot;Trapped Under Ice&quot; and &quot;Creeping Death&quot; to more melodic yet still hard-edges tracks like &quot;Fade to Black&quot; and &quot;Call of Ktulu&quot; every song on this album is nothing short of awesome and Ride the Lightning is definitely my personal favorite.  Master of Puppets is close behind, though, and is also an essential to any metal or music fan's collection.  Buy the two of these albums whether you're into Metallica or not and just wait until they blow you away.  <br />Here's my overall rating for Metallica's main releases...<br />5 Stars:  Ride The Lightning, Master of Puppets, S&amp;M<br />4 Stars:  Kill 'Em All, Black, Load<br />3 Stars:  Reload, Garage Inc, And Justice For All
0486290492|5.0|Austen's &quot;Sense and Sensibility&quot;, I read every page with sheer delight. Although one of Austen's earlier works,her wit and evocative story telling nevertheless shone through. Concerning her characters, each one, from the caricature to the heroine, kept me amused, entralled and enraptured. Although not everyone would share my excitement for this book, I don't care, because I can fully relate to both Marrianne and Elinor's plight, feeling poignancy for Elinor's hidden love and jealousy for Marrianne's passionate relationship with Willoughby.Definitely one of favourites.
B000003TAW|5.0|We thought it was all over in the early 90s. British Guitar pop had been rudely shoved aside by the white dance scene - a bandwagon onto which many pop bands jumped, incidentally - the Smiths were a distant memory, and the few bands that carried on the tradition were dropped by their record companies like hot bricks. Then came the American wave: Nada Surf, Gin Blossoms, Fountains of Wayne and Weezer.  Weezer did everything that UK power pop bands did but they did it better. Smart lyrics, memorable melodies, inspired arrangements and, yes folks, real soul.  Weezer's debut album is an unsurpassable achievement (witness the lacklustre follow-up album, Pinkerton), a glorious listen from start to finish. The Beach Boys-esque,  melodies underpinned by a broadside of guitars that give any set of speakers a run for their money. Buddy Holly is, of course, Weezer's commercial anthem, but any other of the songs on this record could have done just as well. For those of you who are reading this and have not yet heard this record, go straight to the song clips above and get listening.
0783114222|5.0|If you are old enough to remember the reality of landing on the moon, this title will make you think again and again, about the waste of talent that is being perpetuated by dot com companies. The geniuses that are providing this review would have, 30 years ago, taken you to the moon. <br />This is an inspiring and humbling set.
B00004X01U|3.0|Madonna's always been the one to pour her heart and soul into every album she's ever done, including this one. But as soon as I listened to the record all the way through, I can honestly say that I was a little disappointed. Sure, the opening song is astonishing, and so is &quot;Impressive Instant,&quot; but the album starts taking a dive from there, leaving the listener baffled. There are a couple highlights though on the album such as Amazing, and What It Feels Like For A Girl, but the album itself is loaded with sound, and that is pretty much overrated as it is. This is a good album, but not as good as the albums she has made in the past.
6305132984|5.0|I love watching this movie as much today as I did when it first came out. The music, dancing and story have always touched my heart.
B000003TA4|5.0|First, i must get this off my chest.  I just read the list of Vh1's 100 best albums in history.  Beatles Revolver, #1, no suprise.  But Nevermind, #2????  It did deserve a spot on the top 10, but then again, everyone has different opinions. <br /> This is an excellent cd, prob going though my cd player 2 or 3 times a month.  This was also a great cd in music history.  Nevermind launched the grunge movement, not popular with some people.  10 of the 12 songs on Nevermind are EXCELLENT.  This cd also contains David Ghrol (drummer), and now lead singer for the Foo Fighters (another great rock band). <br /> This cd is very hard to review because alot of the info i am telling you is available in all the other reviews.  This is a album EVERY record collection must have.  If you don't like the album, just buy it because of it's &quot;historical weight&quot; on music history.
6300248550|5.0|I love this movie. Between &quot;Wuthering Heights&quot; and this version of &quot;Jane Eyre,&quot; I completely fell in love with Timothy Dalton. I've seen many versions of both, and, in my opinion, he is the man that best brought these characters to life. I agree that Jane could have been portrayed more realistically by another actress, but their differences made it very interesting.
B00000J6AG|3.0|Moby's newest cd, Play, is hyped by many, magizines (Spin, Q, Entertainment Weekly, ext) all giving Play great reviews.  Play is a great cd.  I do recommend that you don't go out and blindly buy this, not knowing the kind of music it is.  Play is a mix of techno, rock, and blues.  If you are a lyrics person, there is not much to these songs.  If you are looking for meaningful lyrics, check out some bob dylan material.  But there are some great songs on this cd. <br />      Like alot of people, i only listen to around the first side of Play.  Play is actually worth buying for the first side. Alot of quality songs (bodyrock, south side, ext).  The South Side song on this album is not the remix with Gwen Stefani.  For that, you have to buy the single.  South Side much more rock than most of the songs.  Play has a great upbeat sound to them, but have the depressing sound added also, for a great sounding cd. <br />      I was really in a bind on whether or not I should give Play 3 or 4 stars.  I sided with 3 because, like I said earlier in this review, I usually only listen to the first side or so.  But this is a cd worthy of anyone's record collection.  I do not regret buying it at all.
B00004RD97|5.0|Electric Wizard have put together the best doom recording since Cathedral's &quot;Forest of Equilibrium&quot;.  Warn your neighbors before playing this one, because you might just break their china cabinets if you play this too loud...heck, you might even break some cabinets in China - it is that freakin' heavy!  Check them out on tour with WarHorse - this tour promises to crack the foundation of every venue that dares to have them play.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed is one of the best bands I have heard. I saw them inconcert in Lubbock and they rock as hard as they do on theirCD's. They are the only band I can think of that have such substancein their lyrics. The vibes they send out through their words areastonishing! I recomend everyone to listen to their CD's. You won't beDissappointed!! Rock on Creed!!
B000031WD9|1.0|This film was made for all of us who are in the teenage years, or are in college. The humor was very stereotypical to what the people who made this film think we can understand. The people who made this film think that all teenagers can understand are jokes about sex and bodily functions. This is all pretty classy stuff.<br />This film centers around four kids in their senior year in highschool. The main goal of these bad actors, lose their virginity by the end of highschool. Again, pretty classy stuff. The film makers think that all the feable minds of teenagers will be able to understand is the story lines about sex. The only thing this film needs to further belittle our intelligence is something blowing up. Seeing as us unintelligent teenagers love to see things blow up.<br />This film is a waste and an insult to the intelligence of all that see it. There are some mature people in high school and college that deserve to see things that are a little more realistic, and not so stereotypical.
B000002NHN|5.0|If you like Ren Fairs, Anne of Green Gables, Dead Can Dance, or celtic folk songs buy this!!  This is a wonderful CD inriched with history.  One song, The Highway Man, is a love story about a man who is in love with a young girl.  He promises to come for her the next night after he steals a great deal of gold (he is a highway man).  Before he arrives King George's men come and tie her up to her bed infront of the window with a musket tied under her breast.  They are attempting to catch her lover.  Since she can't untie herself she gets ahold of the trigger.  When she hears his horses hoofs she pulls the trigger, killing herself, hoping that the sound will scare him away to safty.  It worked.  Only he found out a day later what had happened and rushes to kill the men who killed her.  He dies in the process.  Now he haunts the road.  This story is said to be based on a true story, and the song is so beautiful and sad.  Other songs have a bit of India flavor, some have an Irish taste, and some have Scottish flare.  Very beautiful.  These songs have been featured in many popular movies and are played on rock stations.
0140177396|5.0|This book goes  back to the depression. It takes you in to the mind of the charaters and you fall in love with them and hate them for things  they have done. you can understand once you have read the book it is a great book. p,leasse take the time to read it. If you don't fall in love with this book than I have borded wiith this review.If they  done take you with them then  see the move  it is almost the same as the book. Reaad this wonderful book yoou'll love it.Danielle
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead has always been my favorite band because of their constant evolution. Where most bands are content to put out three or four records that sound the same, Radiohead went the whole nine yards and let their music mature with them along the way. One reason why I love their new album Kid A so much is because of its amazing song writing. The lyrics are very complicated and abstract (but not as self absorbed as in OK Computer), and combined with the music, they make us think more about ourselves and others, and they affect listeners in different ways.<br />Just because Kid A isn't as complicated as OK Computer and its amount of keyboard and guitar, doesn't make it a simpler album. The appeal that it has is an ambient quality that paints out landscapes through sound. The result is truly mesmerizing. Although I wouldn't call the album an Ambient work, some songs like &quot;Treefingers&quot; are.<br />A lot of people dislike this album because either 1) They consider it a step down from OK Computer because there is less commotion and less guitar, 2) They simply don't have the patience that Kid A (or even Radiohead) requires to truly appreciate it, or 3) Their music taste excludes bands like Radiohead. As far as how the album affects music, if OK Computer changed the way we listened to it, Kid A is the future of it. So, in closing, this is the one record I would take with me if I were stranded on a deserted island. This is the one I'll remember Radiohead for, and I'm dying to see what their follow up album will sound like.
B00003CXMG|4.0|AT the end of Cameron Crowe's semi-autobigraphical piece the question is asked \\"What do you like about music?\\" So I ask you this \\"What do you like about films?\\" If your answer is action, sex and fart jokes, this is a movie to stay well away from.  If, however, you like films about growing up, tasting life and finding your place in the world, this is one you should not miss.<br />The story tells the tale of William Miller, a 15-year-old aspiring journalist who finds himself working for Rolling Stone, covering the 1973 tour of an almost famous band called Stillwater.  Clutching seemingly forever onto a notebook and pen, William immerses himself into the culture of the rock star, and ultimately finds out as much about himself than the feuding rock band he is sent to expose. Whilst getting down on paper just exactly what makes a rock band tick, William has to struggle with his first experiences of love, rejection, fitting in and being cool.   The major strong point is the universally superb acting.  Patrick Fugit as the young writer holds the screen with striking authority without falling into over acting, reminiscent of John Cusack in one of Crowe's earlier films, Say Anything.  He is aptly supported by Kate Hudson, Goldie Hawn's daughter, as the object of William's affection, whose character has arguably the finest scene in the film.  Frances McDormand is excellent as the over-bearing mother whose constant protection of her children ultimately drives them away from home in search of there own answers to life's questions.  Billy Cudrup and Jason Lee shine as the bickering wannabe rock superstars, neither of them happy with their positions within the band and finding it all too easy to complain about each other's falterings.  However, the star of the show is Philip Seymour Hoffman, as Williams mentor Lester Bangs, a man who has an opinion on all facets of the music world. His lyrical waxings are the core of Williams's journey, from  \\"Hey, I met you.  You are not cool.\\"to \\"If you wanna be a true journalist, you cannot make friends with the rockstar.\\"<br />The film itself has a sumptuous look, complimented by an almost painless attention to detail.  The script is fabulous, with lines to make you laugh, cry and most importantly, think as the story charts the ups and downs of the fictional rock band.  This, however, is the source of my only gripe as the story tends towards the formulaic, with the ending that the film seems to be avoiding coming true in the last moments.  But this flaw is more than compensated by Crowe's deft direction, and his ability to pull together all the loose strands already mentioned into one cohesive whole.<br />Better than Crowes' previous effort, Jerry Maguire, yet not quite achieving the same iconic status as Say Anything, Almost Famous is nonetheless a film that I urge you to see.  It sure makes a welcome break from films only concerned with being as gross or as violent as the censors will allow.<br />4/5
0399143904|3.0|or Executive Orders and Rainbow Six are almost the same? I mean, if you substitute Jack Ryan with John Kelly, add or substract a plot or two, it boils down to almost the same thing. Or it's me? I gave this book three stars - one for the effort, one for the lenght and one for the weight, as TC seems to be producing door-stoppers. Maybe he's paid by weight? Word count? He ain't getting paid for the plot, that's for sure.<br />I think TC should take a deep breath and think long and hard whether he wants to write another monster (Executive Orders, Rainbow Six, The Bear and the Dragon). I love books, I love to read, I can read almost anything and I don't mind reading good books twice, but boy, I'm really not sure I want to add another TC to my book collection.
6305311463|4.0|I love my DVD player, and like every DVD owner I want to make sure it has only the best films to play for me.  With that in mind, I also look for extensive extras in every DVD that I buy.  Thanks to the Criterion Collection there are a more great DVD's out there with loads of extras, which can not be found on a general release, and Armageddon is one of those.  The movie is loaded with the kind of humor, action, romance, guts-n-glory, nail-biting countdown to destruction kind of performances that just about every guy likes.  It offers it in both widescreen and pan-and-scan formats.  But the real reason to purchase this DVD is the second disk.  Loaded with outtakes, productions notes, director commentary, behind the scenes info and a hysterical gag-reel - this is a great DVD!  This is why the format is so popular, and in my opinion - every disc should have this much stuff.  It's a little more expensive, but you and you DVD player are worth it!  Have fun saving the planet with this one...  I sure did.
0345350499|4.0|After much prodding by my friends, I finally read this, and I'm very glad I did.  While there are very brief moments of &quot;soap opera&quot; plot turns, on the whole, the story is engaging.  The characters are built beautifully, layer upon layer.  I found the pagan descriptions to be lovely, while not denigrating the christian viewpoint at all.   One small caveat - if you have any problems with strength, don't get the hard-cover.  This is a large book, and the new hardcover is heavy.
B00003CXE7|5.0|DVD's can do one of two things: either they entertain you or AMAZE you.  Extras are a large part of the amazement, and Gladiator delivers is like only a few other DVD's have in the past (ie - Criterion Collection Armageddon, or The Abyss Special Edition).  This two disk feature provides top quality sound and picture, behind the scenes featurettes, detailed cast/crew bios, deleted scenes and oh so much more.  The film itself is a fantastic production, well acted and produced, and serves up healthy portions of action and politcal intrigue.  This is hand-down, one of the best films to come out of Dreamworks.  I highly recommend it as an addition to any DVD enthusiast's collection.  Happy viewing!
B00004TL21|1.0|What happened? Adrenaline = good, Around the Fur = better, White Pony = booooo! I'm sorry, I thought this album was terrible. I was a huge fan of the hardcore deftones with soungs like Root, Engine #9, MX, and My Own Summer. I was hoping that WP would blow both of their previous albums out of the water. But instead it sunk. Now theyre all popular because of Change (In th...) You get what I'm saying. I wish people would see that WP deftones is not real deftones. I'm sorry, guys, but I jumped off the deftones train just before all the WP bandwagoners jumped on.
B0000542DJ|5.0|Hey Garbage, back and to the left. Oswald still didn't shoot the kill shot. Someone was behind the fence on the knoll. I'll take 50 witness's that say they the heard a shot from the knoll over your measly 1 witness, whom I've never heard of before. A photo is available that shows a muzzle flash from behind the knoll. Did you check out The Men Who Killed Kennedy on The History Channel? I'll believe that before that stooge Posner.
0671646788|5.0|No question in my mind..one of the best self-help and motivational book out there to rekindle and refocus the right and accurate perspective in every aspect of our daily existence..extremely good flow thru the chapters that rivets your attention...new insights gained each time when book/chapter is reread!!
B00004ZAZZ|5.0|Britney Spears released this Special UK Edition of &quot;Oops!...I Did It Again for her British fans which includes 2 new tracks, Heart and Got It All. This CD is enhanced and includes the entire Lucky video, a fact file of facts and pictures, a Britney screen saver with bright colours and moving images, a scramble puzzle, sound effects and much much more. The downside is that it will never be released in the united states officially, it might be imported but its not officially released there. The song Heart was available on the Limited Edition &quot;*Nsync and Britney Spears: You #1 Music Requests...And More!&quot; which was available in Augest from McDonalds outlets across the United States, Got it All was released on singles as a bonus track. This CD is amazing, the tracks are really really great. Though my opinion is that some songs do get annoying on this cd, like (I Can Get No) Satisfaction, though I learn't to like it, and Dear Diary, its a lovely song, though if it only has a Chorus, then it would be so nice. About the New Tracks, Heart is a really nice song but its too slow, and Got it All is too happy! These are really nice songs but out of all of them, but Girl In The Mirror is the best one, its not on the US Release, so get this one! Its the best song, so is Stronger!
B00005176F|4.0|While Suede and Oasis, both better bands, consistently put out superior albums to Blur's, I have doubts that either band could release a better singles collection.  Blur had a certain variety and catchiness to their short-form releases, which makes this their best cd to own.  The new song isn't quite up to snuff, however.
B00003CWNR|2.0|A lot of people aren't going to like what I have to say about &quot;The Cider House Rules,&quot; but as a critic with my own movie review show, my personal opinion is that this film was a joke. Not a &quot;funny, ha ha&quot; joke, but a &quot;predictable, blah blah blah&quot; joke.<br />First, I have to say that the nomination for &quot;Picture Of The Year&quot; that &quot;The Cider House Rules&quot; received was stolen from much better films from 1999, such as &quot;Magnolia&quot; and &quot;Being John Malkovich.&quot; Second, &quot;The Cider House Rules&quot; was just another example of the tired formula of Hollywood sneaking in the Independent Film formula of coming of age and passing it off in a different setting, hoping the audience doesn't catch on. And for the most part, it seems to have worked, achieving Oscar recognition. Tobey Maguire is an excellent actor, so it's sad to see him waste his time on such a predictable script. Especially the last half hour of the movie, which seems to get more jumbled as the movie reaches its end. It's like the author, who was writing the script based on his own book, realized that he only had 30 minutes left to work with, so he had to squeeze 200 pages into that time. The result is a film that feels the audience is far too dumb to understand the messages it's trying to get across, so it bludgeons the viewer into unconsciousness with its message. It's like the film keeps poking you with a stick while asking, &quot;Do you get it yet? Huh? Huh? Do you get it? Bet you didn't see that one coming!&quot; But you know what, you do see it coming.<br />All in all, I'm not trying to tell you what to think on the subject of the film. I'm just saying that the film does a poor job of explaining the material. It's like the film is making up excuses for everything, except for coming up for an excuse for its own failure as a movie.
0782008372|5.0|I cannot say enough about this movie.  It captured me at an early age.  I never really understood it though until I was older.  This movie has it all, swords, people living forever locked in an eternal struggle against Evil.  You need to see this film to understand everything I am trying to say here and can't.  Just watch it.  I can't see how anyone wouldn't like it.  Compared the crap we see nowadays in the theatres, this is classic film.  This is a stand alone, cult classic, you'll love it, or hate it.  As for the sequels?  I would stay away from them, but the series is good.  This 10th Anniversay edition rules, the added scenes are great, they really round out the movie, and have it making a lot more sense, as far as characters go.  I would have liked to have seen a more of the fleshing out of the Kastigere character.  I mean we see him in one scene people he's capped.  Oh well, can't have it all. Clancy Brown is so into his role it will unnerve you, the church scene will forever be &quot;his.&quot;  I guess the creators really believe it's better to burn out than to fade away, otherwise there would have been no sequels.
0553573403|5.0|This book is just that. . . excellent. This is realistic fantasy, and boldly done. The writing is terrific, and the plot is never lacking. The characters are very compelling as well. What more could one ask for?!<br />The only real complaint I can extend toward this series is the sometimes graphic sexuality (far more graphic in A Clash of Kings). I don't feel that it is necessary or appropriate to include OVERLY graphic depictations of sex in fantasy novels - but, still, it does seem to match the darker tone of the book. Besides, the violence is also graphic, and it seems odd to complain about one and not the other.
B00003CXB6|4.0|After seeing this film in the theatre years ago, I remember leaving disappointed.  I decided to give it another try on DVD because we all loved the first film so much.  For some reason, it seems a much better movie now, maybe I was expecting too much the first time around.  Ian Malcolm (Goldblum) returns and gives a classic performance, battling the wits of his stow away daughter and his overambitious girlfriend.  The special effects were as good as the first film, but somehow didn't seem quite as beleivable.  In this film there are TWO T-Rex and they make more cameos than in the first film.  Staying pretty true to the book of the same title, it even surprized me by putting BACK in a scene from the original book, Jurassic Park.  My favorite scene in that book was the waterfall scene where the T-Rex tries to LICK out the characters from within.....it was depicted well in the movie.  The actors pulled it off and seemed genuinely petrified, while the delivery of dry humor seemed to slip easily off of Goldblum's tongue.  Amazing lenghths were taken to create the right effects, and the raptor sequence in the feild was a brilliant example of this.  On the DVD version they explain the different technics used.  Overall an enjoyable film, although I think the ending was a bit far fetched and I wish they had left in all of the deleted scenes (also on the DVD version), they were brilliant.  The surround sound is awsome on this film as it is in the first film, right down to the falling rain.  Of course, one of my all time favorite film scores adds to the drama and beauty that is &quot;The Lost World, and Jurassic Park&quot;.
038532653X|4.0|Come and join me on Michael and Mina's adventure with Skellig.       I liked the book Skellig written by David Almond,it is a wonderful book. I think David Almond is a author that puts alot of mystery,and adventure into the chacters.
B000002UAR|5.0|What more can be said of this album that hasn't already been said! Being named the VH-1 greatest album of all time says it all. A  bad song is not even close to being on this album.
0679777547|3.0|This tale of book-hunter Lucas Corso disguises its true purpose -- to wallow in its love of Dumas and Dumas-styled adventures -- by hiding in the trappings of mystery, murder conspiracies and demonology. Perez-Reverte does a nice job of juggling his many characters and plot elements and illuminating the literary touchstones that act as guideposts through the plot. His ability to build atmosphere and layer mood into his scenes is quite effective. The amibiguous nature of the Irene Adler character is both infuriating and well-handled. In the end, the reader can almost believe that there is redemption in Corso's path toward damnation.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Yes he his controversial. He says things that in some cases are true and in the process offends alot of people. But you must admit Marshall Mathers AKA Eminem is one very talented individual. His lyrics are quite true in most cases and he knows that. The way Eminem intricately laces his lyrics together and ryhmes them is simply outstanding. The Marshall Mathers LP is a great CD even though to some it may be offensive but the music is different and it can be said that the album is a much needed shot in the arm for the Rap/HipHop industry. Now lets look at the songs:<br />Kill You: A song with a hard beat. Very R&amp;B ish. Has some funny parts.<br />Stan: The best song on the album. This song on its own is a masterpeice. The first time you hear it you will be astonished. Nothing offensive in this. Beofre this song I never knew a song could tell a story in such away. Haunting chorus. MASTERPIECE!!<br />Who Knew: Excellent song with a great beat. It talks about the sudden fame gained by Eminem.<br />The Way I Am: Great song with nice piano beat. About Eminem himself and the misunderstanding public.<br />The Real Slim Shady: Destined to be a classic. VERY VERY FUNNY. Once you hear this will hypnotize you. Excellent song, chorus and outstanding lyrics. :-)<br />Remember Me: Hard song probably the weakest on the album.<br />I'm Back: About Slim Shady. Wonderful chorus. The lyrics are very funny too.<br />Marshall Mathers: The name says it all.<br />Drug Ballad: Wonderful beat and one of the best chorus's I have ever heard. About what drugs do to you and how you cant let em go.<br />Amytiville: The name says it all.<br />Bitch Please: Excellent beat and chorus. The beat is unforgettable.<br />Kim: Haunting song. SCARY!!!<br />Under The Influence: Great song which my offend some people. But the humour stands out.<br />Criminal: Good song about the misunderstandings encountered by Eminem.<br />Overall a great album. Nice change from the current music we hear. No wonder EMINEM got 4 Grammy nominations. ALBUM OF THE YEAR MATERIAL!!
B00003CX95|5.0|This is by far the greatest film I have ever seen.  It moved me more than anything else in my life.  The feeling you get when you watch this movie is unlike any other.  You want to cry and shout out with joy at the same time.  The plot is great as is the acting and the scenes.  Greatest movie ever.  Nothing else can come close.
0875847706|5.0|I've read (and even written) a lot of self-help books, but I can't remember ever having read such a book that left me feeling so electrified. The Zanders' humanity, creativity and imagination shine on every page, in every anecdote, quote, and description of their 12 practices. This isn't a feel-good, fix all your problems without effort book (I hate those!), but rather a key between two cardboard covers. Grab it, jiggle in all sorts of doors you assumed to be locked forever, both inside yourself and in the outside world. Watch in wonder as those doors swing open. I wish THE ART OF POSSIBILITY could be handed out to all new parents, all teachers, all bosses.
B00003CXN4|4.0|&quot;The war on drugs&quot; is something we've all heardabout. Many feel that much has been done to stop it. And, at one time,I also thought the exact same thing myself. But, after watching one ofthe most powerful films I've seen not only this year, but on thesubject of drugs, I now feel, this is a &quot;war&quot;, we'll neverwin!  Director Steven Soderbergh (who's had an amazing year), has madea film that many might see as an eye opening experience. Thescreenplay by Stephan Gaghan based on the miniseries&quot;Traffik&quot; by Simon Moore, is so real that it's almostimpossible to get involved. The characters reminded me of people Iactually know of personally or causally.  The story is about threedifferent drug cartels on the verge of going under. I refuse to giveany important or slightest detail of this masterpiece. The less youknow going into this film, the more you'll be able to enjoy it. I willhowever try to describe a very brief outline. Something enough so itwill arouse your curiosity.  The first of the three stories includes amexican cop named Javier Rodriguez Rodriguez (Benicio Del Toro), whois ordered to find the leading dealer in mexico, and bring him toGeneral Arturo Salazar (Tomas Milian), who is determined to take downeveryone, but not for the reasons we are lead to believe.  The secondstory involves a wealthy &quot;business man&quot;, Carlos Ayala(Steven Bauer), who is arrested, take a guess why! His unknowing wifeHelena (Catherine Zeta Jones) is know an outcast in theneighborhood. She must explain to her son what is going on, whileMontel Gordon (Don Cheadle) a cop is watching her, wanting to know ifshe knew about her husbands affairs.  Things start to look bleak forCarlos when a prime witness Eduardo Ruiz (Miguel Ferrer) is brought into testify against him. But,the question is now, will he still bealive to make it to the witness stand.  I have now saved the best forlast. The last story in this film deals with Ohio Judge RobertWakefield (Michael Douglas) who is strongly fighting for &quot;the waragainst drugs&quot;.  He is determined to stop mostly teens from beingable to get to the stuff.  His high school 16 year old daughterthough, sees things differently. She is played brillantly by ErikaChristensen. I have no idea how old this girl is a real life, but allI can say after seeing her performance is, she is absolutely amazing!The way she was able to portray is character is unbelieveable. She wasable to handle to character in such a real character. It was likewatching one of the many kids I went to high school who have thisproblem.  There're also wonderful performances by people whom I'vefailed to mention like Amy Irving who plays Barbara Wakefield,Douglas's wife. Dennis Quad plays a friend\associate of Carlos Ayala,Arnie Motzger. Plus keep your eyes open for a cameo performance byAlbert Finney as the Chief of Staff.  Here is a wonderful, strong,real, film that really explores what is going on today in our countryas far as drugs are concerned. There are few films that really touchpeople in some special way. While we all may have our own list, thisfilm goes on mine.  The only downfall to this film is it's a littleover 2 and a half hours. I heard many people complain after watchingthe movie. The same way people avoided films like &quot;Meet JoeBlack&quot; and &quot;The Green Mile&quot;, I'm afraid people willalso avoid this. This is a first rate film with a first rate cast thatremains to be one of the best films of 2000!s) who is strongly fighting for &quot;the waragainst drugs&quot;.  He is determined to stop mostly teens from beingable to get to the stuff.  His high school 16 year old daughterthough, sees things differently. She is played brillantly by ErikaChristensen. I have no idea how old this girl is a real life, but allI can say after seeing her performance is, she is absolutely amazing!The way she was able to portray is character is unbelieveable. She wasable to handle to character in such a real character. It was likewatching one of the many kids I went to high school who have thisproblem.  There're also wonderful performances by people whom I'vefailed to mention like Amy Irving who plays Barbara Wakefield,Douglas's wife. Dennis Quad plays a friend\associate of Carlos Ayala,Arnie Motzger. Plus keep your eyes open for a cameo performance byAlbert Finney as the Chief of Staff.  Here is a wonderful, strong,real, film that really explores what is going on today in our countryas far as drugs are concerned. There are few films that really touchpeople in some special way. While we all may have our own list, thisfilm goes on mine.  The only downfall to this film is it's a littleover 2 and a half hours. I heard many people complain after watchingthe movie. The same way people avoided films like &quot;Meet JoeBlack&quot; and &quot;The Green Mile&quot;, I'm afraid people willalso avoid this. This is a first rate film with a first rate cast thatremains to be one of the best films of 2000!
B00000768B|3.0|While hardly a masterpiece in the league of the great, late albums, 'Ring Ring' is a vast improvement on patchy albums like 'Waterloo'.  The grotesque prog-rock indulgences that marred that work are largely absent; the one exception, 'I Saw it in the mirror' is redeemed by sad lyrics and moving backing vocals.  <br />By this tage of their career, Abba had yet to find their true voice, so 'Ring Ring' largely comprises some excellent pastiches (eg the Carole King of 'Disillusion'; the Animals of 'She's My Kind of Girl').  <br />Full of exhiliratingly tuneful dance pop, the Abba aesthetic can be glimpsed in the frothy stomp/melancholic subject matter of the title song; the haunting 'Another town, another train' reminiscent of the astonishing late ballads; and 'Nina, pretty ballerina', an early stab at what would become their euphoric masterpiece, 'Dancing Queen'.
6305265488|5.0|This movie was absolutely spectacular.Wherever this movie was filmed it is absolutely beautiful, the acting is superb, and the costumes are absolutely gorgeous. Drew does such an amazing job as the lead. Her acting just took my breath away and Anjelica Houston did an excellent job playing her evil stepmother and Dougray Scott was perfect for the part as the prince. This movie made me both laugh and cry. I recommend this movie to all ages. I believe that it is a movie for everyone. It has action, romance,drama and a little bit of comedy. Ever After is da bomb!
B00004XQ83|5.0|This is a fantastic soundtrack -- there's not a miss on it.  It's paced to keep you rolling along with the overall feel of the CD and independent of it being a soundtrack it has a great history of music on it.  I'll Fly Away is done wonderfullly, and every song fits well within the collection.  This isn't country music.  It's evocative blues /roots/ gospel.<br />From the liner notes: The reason for our using so much of the era's music in the movie was simple,&quot; explains Ethan Coen. &quot;We have always liked it.  The mountain music, the delta blues, gospel, the chain-gang chants, would later evolve into bluegrass, commercial country music and rock n' roll.  But it is compelling music in its own right, harking back to a time when music was a part of everyday life and not something performed by celebrities.  That folk aspect of the music both accounts for its vitality and makes it fold naturally into our story without feeling forced or theatrical.&quot;
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|This was a funny film, me being a big scream fan, this was a cracker with a good mix of other films, sex, horror, blood &amp; humor this film is a winner! A must buy for everyone<br />... This film rules just like Scream 1,2 &amp; 3!
6301969294|2.0|Genius Ayn Rand can be blamed for lobbying to hire over-the-hill, former cowboy, laconic, lethargic, passive Gary Cooper to play her anti-hero, Howard Roark in this lunatic camp classic. The minute he comes on the screen, you would think he was Howard Roark's father. He's totally devoid of the intense fanaticism that made Roark such a memorable character. Why, oh, why, didn't Director King Vidor over-ride the egomaniacal Rand and consider some of the other hopefuls: tough guy Dane Clark, tough, romantic John Garfield, Burt Lancaster, Kirk Douglas. Orson Welles, still svelte and brilliant, would have been fantastic. etc. Give Rand credit for wanting Greta Garbo for Dominique Francon but by this time, the eccentric, reclusive Garbo had already withdrawn from reality to such a degree she could no longer appear before a camera. Ida Lupino would have been terrific. But no, they went with newcomer Patricia Neal who comes across as just as a pretty American girl with too much money. The miscasting destroyed any hopes of this movie ever achieving greatness. Cooper reportedly demanded star close-ups, camera set-ups favoring him, dialogue rewritten, etc. They should try remaking the movie today,using stage actors and not the pretty bratpack of Pitt, Affleck, Cruise, Depp, etc. As for Dominique, please, God, not Gwenyth Paltrow, Julia Roberts, Winona Ryder, Nicole Kidman, etc.
0553565915|5.0|Embraced by the Light by Betty J. Eadie was a book that had changed my view on the world even to this day.  Eadie explains a very detailed image of the afterlife.  Everybody wonders at one point in their life what will happen to them when they die?  This true story gives you the answers you have been looking for and it's just a matter of you believing whether this miracle happened or not.  While undergoing a major surgery, she almost lost her life, but only she wishes she had.  She explains that the world is only like a dark negative compared to the afterlife.  After experiencing some time in heaven, she was told she had to go back to earth because she was needed.  Within no time, she was helplessly lying in the cold hospital bed in deep pain.  She loved her children very much, but she still chose heaven over them.  For weeks after her return from the hospital, she cried day and night wanting to end her own life.  About a year later, she ran into her doctor that performed her surgery.  He admitted to her that he had lost her for a short time during the surgery, but she miraculously came back to life.  Eadie's story is just a matter of you believing in your heart that this miracle happened and there is an afterlife.
B000002IM7|5.0|Any REAL King's X fan knows the deal here.  I started with this one so it's kinda special to me.  There has never been a bad album by these guys, though &quot;Mr. Bulbous&quot; took some getting used to.  This one is unbelievable &amp; just another testament to why these guys should be ruling the music world as we know it!  Every track is great &amp; if for some reason you STILL haven't heard of these guys, for crying out loud, BUY IT!!!!!!
0679746048|5.0|Susanna Kaysen's book was sparsely written - moving and emotionally stirring.  The media has tried to portray her as a mixed up, misunderstood child of the Sixties, which is unfortunate.  Susanna Kaysen was ill - Borderline Personality Disorder - is a character disorder and in her case a true diagnosis.  She tried to commit suicide and experienced psychotic hallucinations.  She's lucky they didn't give her a label of Schizophrenia - she'd still be hospitalized.  It was common in those days to be misdiagnosed - she was lucky.
1573221562|5.0|Affinity has to be one of the most amazing books I have ever read. I don't come across very many books that I consider literary classics, but this one definitely fits that catagory.<br />Set in Victorian England in the 1800's, the book gives a very clear insight into life in those times, especially life for women who remain unmarried. It also gives a look into spiritualism, and the conditions of women's prisons.<br />The book moves at a leisurely pace and lulls the reader into thinking not much is really happening, but like a river with a still, dark surface, there are undercurrents beneath.<br />The author is a master of language and writing technique. She skillfully layers the story, and when you reach the conclusion, you will be both stunned and yet see how very logically it all comes together like the perfectly fitting pieces of a puzzle.
B000001ELP|4.0|Who cares if this album is a product out of time, as if from another era? It's the songs that count, stupid! This album contains good melodies, expert arrangements and production, and some very good musicianship. Kiss are smart guys. Give them some credit for trying something different. Even if this collection of songs never made it to a movie or rock opera, their light shouldn't be hidden under a bushel. Kiss made plenty of bludgeoning heavy rock and roll to last three career's worth. The fans who only want '... grunt rock' all the time should remember that Simmons', Stanley's, Frehley's (and the late Carr's) brains don't just lurk in their pants! Thank's guys.
B00000AFWW|5.0|By all means I am no fan of Hole, and especially of Courtney Love who I think of as nothing more than a celebrity leech but \\"Celebrity Skin\\" is excellent. The melodies are first class, especially in songs like \\"Awful\\", \\"Hit So Hard\\", \\"Celebrity Skin\\" and \\"Boys on the Radio\\". \\"Awful\\" is what convinced me to buy this cd and needless to say I have no regrets in buying it. I thought the songs off the previous album was annoying and off-key, but on the band's third album Courtney finally got it right on the melodies and song structures, not to mention realized that screeching can certainly kill any mood.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|George Martin, The Beatles' original producer, produced this audio CD.  To present this historic musical group's career on a single 80-minute audio CD is an accomplishment.  The accompanying booklet also is a historic accomplishment.  The booklet illustrates the paper sleeves (in several languages) corresponding to each selection's original single record release.  Those of us who purchased complete albums never saw these paper sleeves.  Listening to this audio CD leads one through The Beatles' career.  I was in seventh-grade when The Beatles' first single records ('She Loves You' and 'I Want To Hold Your Hand') were released.  The Beatles shook our world completely.  The Beatles were unlike other musical groups.  They were cute.  Their songs were straightforward, uncomplicated, and happy.  They wore &quot;mod&quot; clothes (suits) and had semi-bowl haircuts (moptops).  Teenage girls swooned and screamed for &quot;The Fab Four&quot;, ignoring their boyfriends' letter jackets and hot rods.  Teenage boys were confused.  The Beatles flourished in this career phase for several years.  The Beatles were the first band to perform for a screaming, sold-out crowd at Yankee Stadium.  During this period The Beatles also produced the predecessor to the rock video: &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; is a documentary film detailing life on the concert circuit.<br />The Beatles next entered their &quot;psychedelic&quot; phase.  George studied Hindu in India.  Each of The Beatles adopted the psychedelic lifestyle.  They produced the fantasy movie &quot;Help!&quot;.  They produced the psychedelic animation &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;.  The Beatles produced several albums: &quot;Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band&quot; (a landmark album not represented on this audio CD); &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot;; and &quot;The Beatles&quot; (the so-called &quot;White Album&quot;, another landmark album not represented on this audio CD).  John suffered through his legal and emigration problems (detailed in 'Ballad of John &amp; Yoko').  The end of The Beatles' career saw a maturation of their talent.  They each adopted a more conservative lifestyle.  Their music became more introspective and caring (e.g., 'Eleanor Rigby', 'Lady Madonna', 'The Long &amp; Winding Road').  Finally The Beatles broke up to pursue solo careers.  Paul McCartney also founded &quot;Wings&quot;, a musical group of notable success.  A complete history of The Fab Four would have resulted if some of their solo efforts had been included on a second audio CD.  Suitable examples might include 'My Sweet Lord' and 'What Is Life' from George Harrison's landmark album &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;; 'Maybe I'm Amazed' from Paul McCartney's album &quot;McCartney&quot;; and 'Oh My My' and 'It Don't Come Easy' from Ringo Starr's &quot;Ringo&quot; (an underrated favorite).  &quot;The Beatles 1&quot; is an excellent audio CD for people familiar with their albums.  It also is an excellent introduction for people unfamiliar with this historic group's music.  Many don't realize or have forgotten that The Beatles turned the popular music world on its ear.  &quot;The Beatles 1&quot; is a pleasant reminder.ems (detailed in 'Ballad of John &amp; Yoko').  The end of The Beatles' career saw a maturation of their talent.  They each adopted a more conservative lifestyle.  Their music became more introspective and caring (e.g., 'Eleanor Rigby', 'Lady Madonna', 'The Long &amp; Winding Road').  Finally The Beatles broke up to pursue solo careers.  Paul McCartney also founded &quot;Wings&quot;, a musical group of notable success.  A complete history of The Fab Four would have resulted if some of their solo efforts had been included on a second audio CD.  Suitable examples might include 'My Sweet Lord' and 'What Is Life' from George Harrison's landmark album &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;; 'Maybe I'm Amazed' from Paul McCartney's album &quot;McCartney&quot;; and 'Oh My My' and 'It Don't Come Easy' from Ringo Starr's &quot;Ringo&quot; (an underrated favorite).  &quot;The Beatles 1&quot; is an excellent audio CD for people familiar with their albums.  It also is an excellent introduction for people unfamiliar with this historic group's music.  Many don't realize or have forgotten that The Beatles turned the popular music world on its ear.  &quot;The Beatles 1&quot; is a pleasant reminder.
6304493681|5.0|I read the reviews on this page about Ghost in the Shell. Some people do not appreciate what this film is about. It is totally different from general anime, such as Gundam, Tenchi, Eva or even Pokemon. what you have here is a very serious, groundbreaking film, worthy of international critical acclaim. As well, some people here say that the subject has been visited many times, i.e. robots having human intelligence, being able to understand emotion. WRONG. This movie was made starting in 1994, and the story was based on life (stored as computer information) travelling over the internet, and existing in the internet. This was an amazing story for a time where people were just beginning to pick up the internet.<br />The action sequences in this film may be few, but they are exceptional, including amazing visuals and real gunshot sounds. the story is very phylosophical, but not so that not every person could understand, but bordering on intelectualism and fantasy. The scenery is well-drawn, even though you see each for only a couple of moments. Overall, I would say that this is one of greatest animation films I have ever seen. See it.
078401020X|1.0|This movie did more to bring back the stereotype of the &quot;evil sexual woman&quot; than any movie in the 20th century. Honestly, I thought that kind of narrow-mindedness went out with puritanism. This movie is even worse--sexual women are evil AND violent. When was the last time you saw a male character where his badness or goodness had anything to do with his sexuality? The message here, clearly, is that women are not to be trusted with power. Hollywood ought to give up the pretense that it has any liberal values at all.
0440219078|5.0|When I first read the Giver by Lois Lowry, it was too much for me. There was too much discription, so I couldn't get beyond the first couple of pages. I put it back on the bookshelf for a couple of months. Later after I read through it, I found that it was one of the best books that I ever read.      In the Giver, Lowry did an excellent job of giving his readers a peek at a different culture where a council makes all of the big decisions of a persons life like who work what job (the job is the Assignment), when a he\she gets a spouse, and when the couple can start a family unit.      Jonas (main character) has lived in &quot;the community&quot; since he was born. In this community there is no color, no mountains or hills, and no great or evil events. Because of this, everything is neutral. Each year the children are given special privilages to represent thier age. At eight years old, they are given new bikes and are allowed to start community service. They work a certain number of hours in order to get their Assignment. At twelve years old, they are allowed to receive their Assingment that the Chief Elders chose for them as long as they completed thier community service hours. As an Eleven, Jonas was ready for the Ceremony of Twelve. Twelve isthe last age that is celebrated in that culture. Aperson who is twelve years old is then an adult. At twelve, the rest of the adult privilages are given to that person. At the Ceremony, Jonas was picked for the Receiver of Memories, which is the most important Assingment in &quot;the community&quot;. This person holds all of the memories of the world before &quot;the community&quot; existed, when there was color, mountains, and great of evil events. These memories are too painful for the citizensof the community and noneof them are allowed to know the memories. Now his whole life is going to change since he can't communicate what he knows to anybody.      I like how Mr. Lowry showed the difference between &quot;our world&quot;and &quot;the community&quot; in more than just one way. People who like fiction and different cultures should read the giver by Lois Lowry.
0792842499|5.0|This movie is so good, you feel like you are actully seeing fact. The plot itself is fast, violent, and funny! All the roles are perfectly played by Eastwood, Wallach, and Van Cleef. The plot is a classic. An outlaw (Wallach), and a loner (Eastwood, who has a hobby of shooting hanging ropes) stumble on a secret. The secret is told to them by a dying civil war soilder. It is that in a graveyard, there is gold buried. So they set out to look for it, because both of them know hafe of the secret. Eastwood knows the name on the grve, and Wallach knows the  graveyard. While looking for it, a ruthless bounty hunter gets into the act. The excitement is just starting. While disguised as confederites, they are captured by yankees who look like confederites. This scene features a hillarious line. When the soilders are coming, Wallach yells &quot;God is with us because he hates the yanks!&quot;. After relizing that they are yankees, Eastwood says &quot;But god is not on our side because he hates idiots.&quot; After the bounty hunter says that they are outlaws, they torture Wallach. Eastwood then joins Van Cleef. Then later he and Wallach and Eastwood reunite. I will not tell you the rest, you have to see the movie!<br />Memorible lines:<br />Wallach: &quot;God is on our side because he hates the yank!&quot; Eastwood: &quot;But god is not on our side because he hates stupid idiots&quot;<br />Wallach (Trying to read a letter): &quot;See you soon id...., id...., id....&quot; Eastwood (Taking the letter from him): &quot;Idiots. It's for you.&quot;<br />Wallach: I like fat men like you. When you fall down you make a lot more noise.&quot;<br />Eastwood: &quot;There are two types of people in this world. Those with loaded guns and those who dig. You dig.&quot;<br />You have to see the movie!
B0000027I6|5.0|I found this album to be an amazingly cohesive collection of songs blended together to depict what some might call a pessimistic view of society.  This is not a CD that you would want to throw in the player with other discs and hit &quot;random&quot;.  I've owned this disc for several years and I still hear something new each time.  I imagine that there are those who will not enjoy this CD simply because of what it says about their religious beliefs, careers, or other aspects of their lives.
B000002B7W|4.0|Ozzy and Randy collaborated with each other at the peak of their mutual creativity, and this album definitely shows it. The tracks are intense, and faithful to the studio versions, while exploding with the energy only a live performance can garner. But, what about the but..... the CD is a distillation of a two CD set, something I unfortunately did not pick up on when I ordered it. Ah, well... into the permanent car selection along with the extra Warlock and Doro CD's I seem to have duplicated along the way!!!!!
B00004XOWM|1.0|Oh lord... It's both unfortunate and ironic that the first band to actually get busted for paying for radio airtime happens to be both terrible and incredibly popular.  <br />I actually think a few of the people in Limp Bizkit are quite talented and deserve respect- both guitar player Wes Borland and drummer Joh Otto could find a much better gig playing music with some kind of artistic value. I think they both have unique styles and technical proficiency which could be used to a far better end in a different band. <br />What makes Limp Bizkit, and in particular this album, bad is Fred Durst. He is a talentless hack who couldn't rap his way out of a paper bag. He was clearly in the right place at the right time when he went from chubby, mediocre tattoo artist in Jacksonville, FL to chubby, mediocre frontman for the Poison of our time. The only track I've ever heard in which he showed any kind of talent was Ntogether with Method Man, and this was because he was just mimicking Meth. I can see it now: Behind The Music, in about three years or less. The man to blame for the downfall of the band will be their whiny, shrill-voiced singer. <br />I hate to refer to other reviews in this one, but 99 out of 100 good reviews for this album are misspelled, non-punctuated, aimless rants written by preadolescents. I weep for the future when I see these reviews, as I know in 20 years these kids will be speading their poor taste thoughout the world. <br />Something to consider is the fact that every musical era breaks down and disappears when the artists involved become more concerned with their public image rather than creating art. Limp Bizkit is a perfect example of this. They were signed by successful friends and their popularity was paid for by their record label. Can the end be far?<br />NB - This artist supports Napster, so if you do happen to like them, just download the album and prove them right by voting with your dollar.
B00004T9UF|1.0|From the moment i first heard eminem, i knew it was just a big joke.I still think this, now. This album has catchy tunes &amp; music, but the lyrics are awful! It goes on &amp; on for ages with meaningless lyrics, and awful noises. A totally sad album, from the misic to the booklet, stay well away!
0399146253|1.0|UGH...  I am so disappointed in the last few PC novels and this one has been so terrible that I skipped to the end after the first 100 pages or so just to satisfy my curiosity about whodunnit (which is completely implausible and stupid, btw) without having to put up with the tedious story and Kay's insufferable attitude and paranoia.  Oh, how I wish to have the wonderful read of All that Remains again!
0671027344|5.0|My friend lent me this book to read after she told me she loved it.  I'm so glad I made her give it to me!!  This book was written wonderfully, very different from most other books I have read.  The letter form and the anonymous place and names made it easy just to focus on the details of the story.  I think Charlie's emotions were very honestly displayed and his letters reveal intimate details that Chbosky made very real!  At the end of this book I had nothing to say.  I cried.  And realized it was probably the best book I've ever read!
0811826848|3.0|How does one begin to discribe this book? Glorified coffee table book? That would be close but not the true discription. Someone may look at it that way simply by examining the size. It is diffiult to handle in it's current format. However, there is no way around that without cutting down the size of the pictures which are trully amazing. I also found it difficult to physically read given that the print covers multi-colored splashes of art.<br />While I have enjoyed looking through this beautiful book, I did find it very disappointing in one aspect: where was the album history? Was it an oversite that there was no concise list of all albums released in the US and England with lyrics, comments, jacket covers, etc? I consider this a massive error.<br />This is however a must, not only for Beatles fans but all that are interested in '60s culture and history.<br />So, throw your Beatle CD's on the player, sit back and curl up with this wonderful but flawed book.<br />Enjoy
6302662648|4.0|Real good movie. It was pretty dramatic. It was one of River Phoenix's last flicks. Intelligent movie too, with the blind guy and what not.
B0000203YT|4.0|Don't expect philological or historical precision. This movie is pure entertainment.<br />The character of Shakespeare is not the best thing, because totally devoid of irony (and the gaping eyes of Joseph Fiennes don't help ...), but all the rest is really good, and this time we can even not got angry with Gwyneth Paltrow  because her face so childish...<br />The best thing of the movie is the love of theatre that unites everybody.<br />There is a fabulous impresario who quietly explains to an his creditor the spirit of theatre in this way : \\"its natural condition is a series of insuperable obstacles in the way of an imminent disaster\\". The other asks  : \\"and what can you do?\\" , \\"Nothing\\", \\"And how can we get out of trouble?\\" , \\"I don't know, it's a mystery\\".<br />Have fun!<br />Non aspettatevi esattezza filologica o storica. Questo film &egrave; puro divertimento.<br />Il personaggio di Shakespeare non &egrave; certo la cosa migliore, perch&eacute; totalmente privo di ironia (e lo sguardo sempre stupito di J.Fiennes non aiuta ...) ma tutto il resto &egrave; davvero buono, e questa volta potremmo anche non arrabbiarci per la solita faccia bambinesca di G.Paltrow...<br />La cosa pi&ugrave;' bella del film &egrave; l'amore per il teatro che accomuna tutti.<br />C'&egrave; un magnifico impresario che spiega tranquillamente ad un suo creditore la natura del teatro in tal modo : \\"la sua condizione naturale &egrave; una serie di insormontabili ostacoli sulla via di una imminente catastrofe\\", e quello gli chiede \\"e cosa possiamo fare?\\", \\"Niente!\\", \\"E come ne usciremo?\\" , \\"Non lo so, &egrave; un mistero\\".<br />Buon divertimento!
B000050XEI|5.0|I like most people am very big fan of Enya.Anyone looking to get away from their stressful lifestyle I highly recommend this cd. Songs like WildChild will drift you away into a another universe. This is the best I've heard of her.Looking for something fresh and noise free,try this.
B00004XONN|5.0|All the people who say that this album &quot;isn't even music&quot; need to get their brain out of the 19th century. That's the same thing that was said about John Cage 70 YEARS AGO! Come on! It's time to get over the ideas of what music is and isn't, and open up your minds to the full spectrum of sound. ALL sounds are &quot;musical&quot; sounds. And Radiohead have made an album that incorporates an extremely wide range of different musical sounds, and somehow has seen somewhat commercial success. And what's with the people who claim that they didn't put any thought into this album and just slopped it together overnight, because they knew their fans would still buy it? That has to be the most inbred thought process I've ever heard. Go to their website and you can read their daily journals of the creation process and see JUST HOW MUCH WORK really went into this album. I promise you a lot more thought and work went into this than any of the idiotic alternative rock that those people probablly listen to. Anyway, if you haven't heard this album, and want to know what it's like, I'll describe it to you: imagine music in which ALL types of sound can now be used as musical instruments, instead of the same few boring sounds used over and over again that you get on the radio. That has been the main premise of avant-garde music for the past century, and Radiohead has made an experimental album that is accessible enough to hopefully get many more people interested in these forward-thinking musical ideas. Oh yeah, and to all the people who keep saying: &quot;I'll wait for their next album.&quot; Don't fool yourself because radiohead is never coming back to the world of standardized sounds. So I guess you'll just have to live with them &quot;trying to call weird noises and ambient sound with no understandable singing 'music'.&quot; Thousands of people agree it's a lot more interesting to listen to than the same 3 bar chords through guitar distortion...AGAIN.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I loved everything about the movie - but I will mention a few highlights that I found truly enjoyable.<br />I loved the acting in the movie - Joaquin Phoenix puts on a show and is extremely convincing even when the plot gets unreasonably melodramatic at the end. And Connie Nielsen as the frightened mother and sister embroiled in palace intrigue is unforgettable. Ofcourse, Russell Crowe deserves every accolade heaped on him. <br />What impressed me most about the DVD (and movie) was the soundtrack. From the opening sequence to the last, the music was simply mesmerising. Note how the music shifts moods and genre in keeping with the sequences playing out on the screen. Watching the hour-long special on the music and its composer on the accompanying second disc is a must. <br />The quality of sound was amazing - I could have sworn I heard a horse neighing in my front-yard as Aurelius was conversing with Maximus in his tent after the battle!!<br />The little touches to the script, to portray reality 2000 years ago, are admirable. The sewage issues being discussed in the Senate, the bloodthirstiness of the crowds at the Colisseum, the adoration for the gladiators, were all deftly portrayed without ever getting to be a heavy dose in history. <br />Finally, the movie makes one realise why Rome was the greatest civilisation in Europe (inspite of its culture of arena violence and its deviation from the original political ideal that Maximus fights to restore) when the rest of the continent was dark and sinister.
0446608955|5.0|My sister got me this book for my birthday and I read it in less than 5 hours.  It was by far the most touching book that I have ever read.  It warms your heart by bringing you back to your high school years and your first love.  I wish I could give this book 6 stars.<br />The story twists and turns as you get to know the characters.  You find yourself feeling like you are there with the characters.  This book could move anyone with it's romantic theme and its wonderful drama.  I think most people can relate to the characters which makes this an A+ book.  Read it, that's all I can say.
0786915749|5.0|Dragons of Autumn Twilight is a great book. It is the perfect start to a great series.The DragonLance Chronicles is one of the best series I have ever read. The 2nd book in the series is called Dragons of Winter Night. Read it. If you loved this one, you'll love the second and third and fourth.
B000005J56|5.0|I bought this CD on the advice of a fellow Puerto Rican.  It is one of my favorite CDs.  You don't have to be latin to enjoy this CD, just appreciate great music.  If you like jazz, you'll definiately like this CD.  Whatever you think about latin music, you will not be able to stand still while listening to this CD.  It is latin music at its finest.
078322947X|5.0|My message to other viewers of this video/DVD is simply this: if you are concerned that there is no widescreen version of this film available, don't worry about them ever producing one because there is no widescreen version at all.<br />William Friedkin was a television director before turning to film and he kept the 1:1.33 ratio used in television for this movie. What that means is, no widescreen version will ever be released because it doesn't exist. I am a huge fan of widescreen movies and I always check to see if a DVD or video I purchase is in widescreen or fullscreen format, UNLESS I read that the director wanted the film to be fullscreen (as with the later Kubrick movies, for example).<br />It is often assumed that a director's original vision for a film is always widescreen, or that all movies are automatically filmed in widescreen, and this simply isn't the case.  So please, before giving the thumbs up or down to a purchase based on its aspect ratio, make sure the disc or tape represents the director's desired version.<br />That having been said, the Amazon review reports on the quality of this DVD and of the film itself accurately. So please view the original Wages of Fear and this film, back to back if you like, and enjoy.
0140186409|5.0|Steinbeck's &quot;The Grapes of Wrath&quot; is a fictionalized account of the plight of migrant farm workers in California during the Great Depression.  Dust storms and poor irrigation have turned large areas of farmland in the prairie states into a Dust Bowl.  Tenant farmers, unable to grow crops and pay rent to their landlords, have been forced off their land by the banks.  The starving farmers are lured to California by the promise of plentiful fruit-picking jobs, only to find it an unattainable paradise.<br />The novel follows the pilgrimage of an Oklahoma family named the Joads and their friend, a former preacher named Jim Casy.  When the novel begins, Tom Joad has just gotten out of prison and returns home to find that his family is one of the many that have been dispossessed by the land-owning company.  They are preparing to drive to California to seek better farming opportunities.  The road to California is a wasteland of unfriendly cops, opportunistic salesmen, unemployed drifters, and lonely souls, all seen from the vista of the Joads' rickety truck.  The chapters alternate between the Joads' specific experiences and interludes that give a sort of large-scale third-party perspective to the general plight of the land and the people.<br />Once in the fertile valleys of central California, the Joads learn the reality of the job situation:  The farm owners have lured many more people than necessary to fill the available jobs, so they get to hire those who are willing to work for the least money.  The surplus of migrant farm workers group together in encampments called Hoovervilles and wait desperately for news about new jobs, while they are forced to face the hostility of the locals who call them &quot;Okies&quot; and consider them wage-deflating scabs.  The living conditions are deplorable and the Joads can barely afford the most meager of food.<br />The Joads eventually find work picking peaches at a large farm that operates almost like a labor camp, with armed guards stationed around to ensure there are no worker uprisings.  It is here that Casy, who has been rallying for worker unionization, is martyrized when he is killed by a goon trying to break up a worker strike.  Towards the end of the book, in Tom's &quot;farewell&quot; speech to his mother, Steinbeck conveys his message of the importance of worker organization and unionization to prevent exploitation by employers.<br />&quot;The Grapes of Wrath&quot; is thoroughly depressing to the very end.  It has been accused of being too didactic and heavy-handed, but it's a book that needed to be written and one that took a lot of guts to do so.  Who else but Steinbeck could have treated the downtrodden with so much dignity and sympathy without being condescending?  Who else could have invested so much detail in even the seemingly least important characters, such as the one-eyed man in the junkyard, the storekeeper at the peach farm, and the fervently religious Lisbeth Sandry, making them unforgettable symbols of humanity?  This book is an education.  After reading it, everything else seems shallow.ith armed guards stationed around to ensure there are no worker uprisings.  It is here that Casy, who has been rallying for worker unionization, is martyrized when he is killed by a goon trying to break up a worker strike.  Towards the end of the book, in Tom's &quot;farewell&quot; speech to his mother, Steinbeck conveys his message of the importance of worker organization and unionization to prevent exploitation by employers.   <br />&quot;The Grapes of Wrath&quot; is thoroughly depressing to the very end.  It has been accused of being too didactic and heavy-handed, but it's a book that needed to be written and one that took a lot of guts to do so.  Who else but Steinbeck could have treated the downtrodden with so much dignity and sympathy without being condescending?  Who else could have invested so much detail in even the seemingly least important characters, such as the one-eyed man in the junkyard, the storekeeper at the peach farm, and the fervently religious Lisbeth Sandry, making them unforgettable symbols of humanity?  This book is an education.  After reading it, everything else seems shallow.
B0000039PW|5.0|This is the album that took the industry by storm as the great B.I.G. took hold of the game and gave life to the eastcoast side of the hip hop scene and it had many people in the industry trying to get this album. This album is really impressive and the tracks and the whole style of the cd itself is original and it's bring to mind on how talented this young rapper was and how great his words where with every breath he took.<br />You kind of get to know how truely nice and versatile this rapper was and how good he was at his craft and what he did for the music industry itslef with his gold and platinum sale from other singles and albums.<br />It's seems that everything that this rapper made is going to be classic and it's rightfully rightious for it too cause he really does deserve it casue this single is a hot track and i can't keep my cd player to stop playing this bassy and hardedge bumpy dance track as well as harcode track on the single itself. You should get this cd cause you won't be dissapointed and i'm sure you'll eventually start buying up more of his work since he is one of the most requested music rappers ever
B000056JYB|3.0|Most people who purchase this &quot;remastered, DELUXE edition&quot; will probably already have a copy of the original LP/CD.  That was a generally fine recording, as evidenced by the numerous existing reviews.  But this is pure overblown nonsense.  The many included extended &quot;jams&quot; go absolutely nowhere, except &quot;Boredom &amp; Tedium City&quot;.<br />To add insult to expensive injury, my Mobile Fidelity Gold Disc is actually a cleaner and more dynamic remastering than this one. Save your money, then try to track down the MoFi.
B000009QPE|5.0|Without a doubt, Reign in Blood is one of the most brutal metal albums ever recorded and released.  The album opens with the controversial &quot;Angel of Death,&quot; a song about Joseph Mengele, the Nazi doctor who conducted experiments on Jewish concentraton camp victims.  The imagery of the song is what we've come to expect from good metal, with mangled bodies and exploding eyeballs.  The music is incredibly fast paced yet organized and makes for some great listening.
0792846710|1.0|I gave this movie one star because I couldn't figure out the &quot;no stars&quot; option.<br />This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The plot is ridiculous and the acting is terrible. At the end, I felt that the Chiodo Brothers owed me 100+ minutes of my life back.<br />If you are a fan of B movies, I would forget this one and see &quot;Cannibal Women in the Avocado Jungle of Death.&quot; That movie is much funnier.<br />As for Killer Klowns, if you're the kind of person who slows down when passing the scene of an accident, then this movie is for you.
B00003CWNR|5.0|This was the first DVD we watched on our new player and what a pleasure.  A wonderful story with rich lines and complex characters with beautiful interrelationships resonating with the joy of living and most importantly discovering whats important to you... <br />Loved the commentary which is part of the DVD bonus - the deleted scences and other materials embellish movie viewing considerably.
6305537798|5.0|If you're the person that goes for teens flicks like down to you, clueless and she's all that this is another movie that closly relates to your crazy teen life!  Julia and Heath were great together in this movie.  You should check it out!
B0000039QA|5.0|This album is really impressive and the tracks and the whole style of the cd it'sself is original and it's bring to mind on how talwented this young rapper was and how great his words where with every breath he took.<br />You kind of get to know how truely nice and versatile this rapper was and how good he was at his craft and what he did for the music industry itslef with his gold and platinum sale from other singles and albums.<br />It's seems that everything that this rapper made is going to be classic and it's rightfully rightious for it too cause he really does deserve it casue this single is a hot track and i can't keep my cd player to stop playing this bassy and hardedge bumpy dance track as well as harcode track on the single itself.<br />you should get this cd cause you won't be dissapointed and i'm sure you'll eventually start buying up more of his work since he is one of the most requested music rappers ever
B00004X01U|4.0|Because of the song &quot;Music&quot;, I just had to buy this cd.  And at first, I really didn't really like this cd.  It's definitely different in that there's a lot of unnatural variations of her voice.  That was rather disappointing.  I think her voice is just fine without adding computer enhancements to it, etc.<br />However, after I gave it another chance, I grew to really enjoy the cd.  My favorite songs (in addition to &quot;Music&quot;) are &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot;, &quot;Runaway Lover&quot;, and surprisingly &quot;What It Feels Like For A Girl&quot;.   I've heard people mention that they think her new cd is &quot;countryish&quot;, which is far from the truth, it's more of a  combination of pop and techno.  Dressing like a cowgirl on the cover doesn't mean that she's singing country!<br />The more I listen to it, the more I like it....
B0000046W9|5.0|After having having foolishly traded away my vinyl copy, (origianlly released on 5 LP's) I was delighted to find this CD reissue. This is the only place to find Getz's entire Verve output of Samba and Bosa Nova recordings. The first disc is comprised of Getz's collaboration with the late great Jazz/Samba guitarist, Charlie Byrd and contains the classic Antonio Carlos Jobim compostion, Desafino. Disc two finds Getz in the company of Brizil's premier Samba vocalist Joao Gilberto. The combination of Getz's velvety smooth tenor and Gilberto's elegantly cool vocal stylings makes for an astonishing match made in Samba Heaven. Songs from this historic pairing include the highly recognizable The Girl From Impanema and the hypnotic Samba De Uma Nota So, (One Note Samba). <br />Disc three covers the Getz/Astrid Gilberto hits and includes the lovely Corcovado and It Might As Well Be Spring as well as the enormous international hit, The Girl From Impanema, (not to be confused with the Getz/Joao Gilberto version). This is the recording that put Bosa Nova on the map and caused a huge sensation from Brazil to Japan and all stops in between. As undeniably the biggest hit ever to come out of South America, The Girl From Impenema has been recorded by everyone from Frank Sinatra to Ella Fitzgerald. The many other highlights found here include Getz in the company of an allstar jazz lineup on the Big Band Bosa Nova sides. While this may be too much material for the casual fan to digest, I suggest you begin with the Getz/Joao Gilberto album. If you find yourself hooked and yearning for more, go directly to this anthology it's worth the time and money.
B00003CXFG|5.0|Pitch Black was an excellent Sci-fi action flick.  It had awesome special affects with an ending that no one saw coming.  It was definitely an original idea for a movie.  I'd recomend it to anyone who wants to see an incredible movie.
B00000I8UK|4.0|It shocks me that some of the other reviewers have referred to this album as an example of &quot;free jazz&quot;.  &quot;Free jazz&quot; this isn't.  This is clearly a painstakingly arranged collection of pieces and Dolphy displays his vivid and quirky imagination fabulously.  I don't know how anyone listening to this could get the idea that this is &quot;free jazz&quot;.  Avant-garde, yes, &quot;free&quot;, no.<br />To enjoy this album, you do NOT need to be a highly-skilled musician; you do, however, need to shed some of your preconceptions about what makes good music.  Perhaps the 5/4 metre intro and overall 9/4 feel of &quot;Hat and Beard&quot; don't immediately set your toes a-tapping.  Perhaps the bass playing doesn't strike you as what you've usually heard in jazz.  Maybe the horns scratch, screech and whinny a little too much in between their snippets of almost conventional lyricism.  &quot;Is this music?&quot; you ask. <br />Yes it is, if you are willing to listen to it on the playful terms Dolphy gives it to us.  He didn't name the record _Out to Lunch_ because he was a dour intellectual.  PLAY in the child's sense of the term is what often comes to mind when I listen to these tunes.  Remember when you were a kid and you couldn't skip to a 4/4 beat because it wasn't ingrained in your psyche yet?  Have you ever listened to a child's sense of musical time and pitch before he/she has been exposed to much music or musical teaching?<br />On this record it seems to me that Dolphy has harnessed and arranged that magical time.  The record reminds me at turns of Mingus, Monk and Rahsaan Roland Kirk, all of whom had that magical ability to deliberately play like children albeit with the technique and intellect of adults.  The PLAYING on this record is at times lyrical, does go &quot;outside&quot; often and is PLAYFUL in the extreme.  This is kids music for grown-ups.  It is hard to listen to only if you have lost that sense of play within yourself.
0553296981|5.0|This book gives a strong look into the past when the Nazis were taking over Germany in 1940.  I would recommened this book to people who want to know what life was like for Jewish people during WWII when they were hiding. It also is informal about the horrible torture that the Jewish went through of they were caught
B000002LND|5.0|Lately I've been into Madonna, which is why I asked for this cd for Christmas.  I wasn't disappointed.  It's a great collection of her greatest hits since she burst onto the pop scene.<br />Something I've definitely noticed is the way her singing voice develops and changes from the beginning of her career.  In the beginning it was more nasally and high, particularly &quot;Like a Virgin&quot;.  It's almost like you're listening to her develop her voice on the cd itself.  She's definitely gotten better over time.<br />If you're a Madonna fan, definitely a great cd to own!
B00000I952|4.0|At first glance, one would think that this album is really inferior to the past work of ABBA. However, if you keep mulling the songs over in your CD player (and mind!!!) you will find that though they have truly a different feeling, the songs are beautiful compositions.      For me (a long-time ABBA fan), this work can be considered a fine achievement. However, if you are a small-time fan that likes only the &quot;wonderbread&quot; disco sound of &quot;Dancing Queen&quot; and enjoy the light-hearted pop of their previous albums, you may be disappointed with this album. I would reccomend either &quot;VOULEZ-VOUS&quot; or maybe &quot;ARRIVAL&quot;.      I never thought that ABBA had produced such deep (possibly depressing) material. To finish off my collection, I decided to give this album a try. Luckily I appreciate their sense of meloncholy, but others may not share my enjoyment.      It comes down to this: a personal decision. If you're willing to go without the happy-go-lucky pop of their past, I would reccomend trying this album (at this price it's worth a shot), however, understand that this album is very different from previous ones.    HIGHLIGHTS:   When All Is Said And Done, Soldiers, Slipping Through My Fingers, and each of the bonus tracks!! :-)
B0000029DD|5.0|It's so incredibly rare to find a musician who has it all--creativity, talent, intellect, insight, and sex appeal--so maybe Jeff Buckley was doomed from the beginning with the &quot;can't have it all&quot; syndrome that causes so many shining stars to burn out before we're done with their masterfulness. <br />Obviously, this is the definitive Jeff Buckley album, giving us a taste of his own compositional talents with &quot;Lover, You Should've Come Over&quot; and &quot;Last Goodbye.&quot; But this album also has songs I'd never want to hear by anyone else (even if they wrote them), especially Cohen's &quot;Hallelujah.&quot; &quot;Grace,&quot; the title track, could probably be made into a classical symphony or oratorio, it's so expansive and breathtaking. <br />On this album, we get to hear the lighter Jeff with &quot;Lilac Wine,&quot; and the heavier Jeff with &quot;Eternal Life.&quot; Here's wishing just that to Jeff--buy this album and keep him alive in your mind, your hearts, and most importantly, on your lips. Spread the word about this phenomenal human being who we lost much too soon.
B00003CX5P|3.0|Watching the older movies, I found it incredible that &quot;Phantom Menace&quot; could be so bland, a result of featureless charachters, an uninvolving story and excessive use of CGI special effects that never mesh with the story, but threaten to override it.  So overdone are the effects, that watching thsi movie reminded me less of the first trilogy than of &quot;Cool World&quot;, Bakshi's misfire mix of live-action and animation.  <br />In this entry, a young Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan Mcgregor), only a student Jedi, travels with his teacher to the planet Naboo on a mission of mercy.  Jedi Qui-Gonn Jin is older and wiser than Kenobi, but both are dispatched to prevent the invasion of idyllic Naboo by the droid armies of the trade federation.  When this fails, the two save that planet's leader, the elected Queen Amidala (Natalie Portman), and retreat to the safety of Corsuscant, the home of galactic senate.  Heavy damage forces them to make an unscheduled stop on arid Tatooine, where they enlist the aid of a young Aankin Skywalker, a boy slave with the potential to become a jedi master.  Safely reaching Coruscant, Amidala finds only bureaucratic indifference to her world's plight.  Returning to Naboo to lead the fight against the federation, Amidala and the jedis enlist the aid of the Gungans, amphibians who live in large cities secreted in Naboo's oceans.  While the naboo battle the federation on the ground and in space, and Amidala leads a desperate charge directly into her occupied capital, the Jedis are forced to confron an evil Jedi, an emissary of the long-thought-dead order of the sith Jedi and closer to the power behind the federation than the craven Federation viceroys.<br />Actually, the plot doesn't sound half-bad, if that's enough after a 16 year wait.  Less generous might compare it to a mediocre add-on level for the Star Wars computer game, Jedi Knight.  The charachters are incredibly one-note in comparison with the heroes of the older films.  Even the Jediseem interchangeable with Obi Wan seeming as effortless in his moves as Qui-Gon.  The older Jedi is also pretty monochorme considering the dialog hinting at a rebellious streak (he clashes often with the Jedi counsel).  The charachters themselves speak in hushged tones and drop names that are familiar to Star Wars fans but will probably baffle anybody else.  There's no rebeliousness to any of the charachters - where's Han Solo in all of this?  The controversies of the alien charachters' very human ethnic traits probably wouldn't have come to the for if the human charachters themselves had enough charachter of their own and embodied some of those negative traits themselves.  In the older films, we probably wouldn't have noticed the orientalisms of the greedy Watoo or the craven Federation honchos, or minded the comic relief of Jar Jar Binks.  Hey everybody's an idiot, evrybody makes mistakes, that was what the first trilogy seemed to say.<br />And there's no menace either.  Darth Maul is no Darth Vader (though his moves would put the latter evil lord to shame, a true dark lord sledom needs to prove that), and certainly he gets no fun lines (&quot;apology accepted....)  The underlying evil is the myserious Darth Sidious who appears mostly in the form of a hologram beamed to the federation viceroys.  But Sidious (whose probably isn't sufficiently mysterious for true star wars fans) doesn't seek to cow his minions either.  He issues commands which the viceroys would probably have issued anyway.<br />And there's none of the irony of the first films which here should center around the maneuverings of Senator Palpatine.  That name enough lets fans know what's going on, but his insistence that political circumstances require drastci changes should be enough to set off anybody's warning bells no matter how apparently benign his intentions.  Instead, the charachters all seem so dim, why bother worrying.  In one telling scene at the end of the film, the senator - now the Chancellor - meets Anakin Skywalker for the first time.  We'll be looking at your progress quite closely, the smiling galactic power holder says.  Because I'm such a Star Wars fan, I've pretty much got to do the same iwth the other films.  Perhaps &quot;Phantom Menace&quot; had to be a botch, something to teach Lucasfilm how not to do a Star Wars film, a learning experience like THX-1138.  Hey, there's plenty of time to get things right before Memorial Day Weekend of 2002.
0062502182|5.0|I found this an enchanting tale of a boy who follows his heart and sets out to follow his destiny. The book is written in a simple language with no deep character development or intricate descriptions etc because it is not written to be a piece of literature or to reveal the meaning of life, but a simple book with simple messages which anyone can understand.It has been written specifically so that it can be accessible to anyone. It also introduces alchemy on a basic level. I think that the author may also intend that if the ideas presented (the soul of the earth etc) find favour that it may spark off your interest in alchemy, which you may then pursue further.<br />It is interesting to note that the Man he meets on his journey to meet the Alchemist, who has studied alchemy, really had got bogged down in the dogma of his beliefs and missed the points which are themselves simple. He really couldn't see the forest for the trees. This is an important lesson not to be missed. 5 stars for a simple, enchanting, wisdom tale which is more of a reminder of what we already know rather than something new, but which can refresh and renew your purpose or destiny in life.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby's music is everywhere these days - TV, movies, videogames, raves - and it's no surprise. Play is Moby's best album: the tracks range from funky dance tunes like Bodyrock to beautiful songs like Porcelain and My Weakness. Best of all, Moby's music is original - you won't find any recycled tunes here!!
0140177396|4.0|I had to read this book when I was in the 10th grade as well as in the 12th grade when i had to tutor my friend.  We had to read this book together and analyze every bit of it.  It was very helpful to have already read this book because I knew what to look for in the sense of foreshadowing.  I really like all the surprizes that the book has to offer.  This book was really easy reading but it has so much to offer.  The meaning within this book goea so much deeper and I really think that you need to read the book more than once to fully catch and understand everything.
B0000560RV|3.0|as i listened recently to ride's &quot;nowhere&quot; LP, i was reminded of sigur ros and their &quot;agaetis byrjun&quot; album, specifically because both records are mortally wounded by the awful vocals...with ride, the unbearably purple, maudlin lyrics are sung at a level of doe-eyed earnestness only the saddest of sadsack musickers can provide our ears...but still, &quot;nowhere&quot; is largely redeemed by the amazing sonic moments sprinkled throughout it: the title track, 'seagull', the perfectly-timed blizzards of guitar during 'dreams burn down'  etc...in fact, &quot;nowhere&quot; could have been the best album mogwai never made had the vocals been removed!<br />on to sigur ros, whose glorious ability with sonic grandiosity is marred horribly by their over-earnest and grating vox...most of the tracks on &quot;agaeits byrjun&quot; soar and rumble, providing splendid peals of sonic beauty unheard since before j. spaceman began &quot;floating in overproduced space&quot; (sadly) after &quot;pure phase&quot;...from the loping piano of the title track to the spellbinding intro (before the song is ruined by falsetto nonsense) to 'Svefn g englar'...the music is Big, Pretty, and Moving, but the we're-angels-of-goodwill-listen-to-our-siren-song-won't-you? vocals are really just plain bad in every new-agey crap way you can imagine (cocteau twins fans, i DO NOT understand you!)...pity, though, because sigur ros could have rivalled any Big N' Pretty noisemakers in the world today...as it stands, i'll stick to my 'lazer guided melodies', 'pygmalion' and 'loveless' discs...<br />like ride, sigur ros just needed to shut up and play.
1878424319|5.0|&quot;You don't need knowledge or great philosophical concepts.You don't need the acceptance of others.You express your own divinity by being alive and by loving yourself and others. It is an expression of God to say, &quot;Hey, I love you&quot;.&quot; This book is great and it can't change your life, all you have to do is: &quot;Be Impeccable with your word- Don't Take Anything Personally- Don't Make Assumptions- Always Do Your Best.&quot;
0887307280|4.0|This books is very interesting in two ways. It gives the reader a very clear view of an enterpreneur mind and problems, and offers solutions to them. The other remarkable aspect is the way it is written, it's not only enyoyable, but the strategies that the author use for introduce the concepts in the book can also be used by the reader to do the same with asociates and peers. A big pitfall is that the author never looses a chance to promote his services as a consultant.
B000053VAF|3.0|After thoroughly enjoying Kevin Smith's previous film, Chasing Amy, I had high hopes for Dogma.  The media played up the supposedly inflammatory content of the film and every Catholic film group on Earth seemed eager to bash Smith's effort.  The cast, while not a dream match-up, certainly offered an intriguing ensemble too.<br />As for the story?  Well, it's a cute tale of two angels banished from heaven and now on their way to slip through a supposed loophole in God's laws which will allow them to return home.  Fiorentino, the insufferable Rock and Silent Bob and Jay travel to the same spot, a church, to keep the angels from underminding God and supposedly all creation.  Good enough premise but really what makes the film enjoyable, as with all Smith movies, is the sparkling dialogue.  Sharp and biting, his lines can often be music to the ears.  Smith turned his attention on the church and he does a fine job of pointing out silly hypocrisies in the Catholic Church and its dogma. <br />Smith delivered on many fronts, while backsliding on others.  His humor has the a unique ability to be both crude and insightful.  Unfortunately a few portions of this film, specifically the feces-based monster were a bit too sophomoric.  But the vast majority of the film's humor shows Kevin is building and growing beyond his start in the often funny though very teen-pleasing Clerks.  <br />His casting unfortunately played against the film.  I've read that Jason Lee was to play Affleck's sidekick angel but a scheduling conflict kept that from becoming a reality.  I must say the film suffers because of this.  Rather than Lee's standout, wonderful delivery the film is burdened with Matt Damon's lack of any screen presence or characterization.  He's Good Will Hunting, the boring angel from my nightmares.  Additionally, putting Chris Rock in a film (even the otherwise excellent Nurse Betty) should now be grounds for the public flogging of a director.  Rock speaks each line as if doing a standup routine.  He's about as natural as polyester.  And about as interesting too.  Salma Hayek continues to enforce the stereotype that acting and beauty are not synonymous (thank heavens for the Cate Blanchetts of the world).  Lee, sadly, is stuck in a woefully underwritten role as a demon fixing to help the angels beat God.<br />But, the film does have some sparkling performances.  Alan Rickman, one of the underappreciated actors of the past few decades does a terrific job, bringing the kind of wit and verve he usually delivers in his performances (not quite as good as his Alexander from Galaxy Quest or even near Hans Gruber in Die Hard).  Fiorentino does a fine job as the reluctanct abortionist world-saver.  Silent Bob (Smith) and Jay (Mewes), as usual continue their foul-mouthed Laurel and Hardy routine (or are they Penn and Teller?). Affleck does a serviceable job but really shows that since Chasing Amy, he's really got little to offer as an actor.<br />Dogma's a fine film and worth the laughs, but it's certainly not controversial or in any way dangerous to the church.  Smith has good pointsto make, even if he does so with a preachy style.
0684800713|5.0|While I found the reviewer's comparison of this work to an iceberg (in that so much of the novel lies beneath the surface), to be generally accurate I might suggest that The Sun Also Rises is not exactly heavy literary lifting. Hemingway's prose is sparse, and his characters suffer their hidden scars- this is the stuff that made Papa famous, after all- but this is a work that is readily accessible, and while 90% of the book may be beneath the surface, the vast majority of his intent is apparent. This is not a criticism of Hemingway, as the man is one of my favorite authors, but I believe that makes this book great is that nearly anyone over the age of 15 can have a rich and rewarding reading experience with this novel. The sorrows that Hemingway's characters hide from view are common to all, and the story of unattainable, and unfulfilled, love is one of the century's best. As for the reviewer who trashed this book simply because it was &quot;early&quot; Hemingway, I don't know where to begin in stating how off that comment was. Hemingway was a literary prodigy, who reeled off a string of outstanding novels in his youth. They are all marked by tight plots, his terse prose, and a real connection with the spirit that defined the Lost Generation. In the years between his youthful height and the Old Man and the Sea, only For Whom the Bell Tolls could be described as great. The works of the &quot;mature&quot; Hemingway are short on ideas, and are long and wandering; it is as if the man simply ran out of talent. The Sun also Rises, on the other hand, is a brilliant work that works on so many levels, and, unlike some of his more epic works, can be readily enjoyed by all.
B00003CX8J|5.0|This movie is by the far the best comic book adaption ever.  I've been waiting for this movie for years and finally it arrived and did not disappoint.<br />The graphics were extremely cool, and the actor's, especially Patrick Steward made the movie worth watching more than once.  This movie made you ask questions at the end, and left you wondering when the sequel will come out.<br />Let's hope the Superman Lives, and Spiderman live to up the quality of the X-Men.
B00004XONN|5.0|I'm a big Radiohead fan and Kid A is a perfect reason. They're focused, unique and refreshingly free of recycled ideas that most rock bands do these days. They're not afraid to confront your notions of music, and best of all they seem able to stand up to their fame and not let it affect their music.<br />The first half of the disk, especially track 1, are wonderful reflections and refractions of a structure, with layered notes and electronic riffs and vocals that I rediscover with every listening. Very moody and strangely human.<br />However, these vocals do finaly get a bit too much. Despite their genius, Thom's sampled vocals start to overpower much of the subtlety and texture of the music in later tracks. In some parts this becomes borderline abnoxious, maybe even egotistical. Which is a shame as it would be a first for the band.<br />Still, this is a gem of an album. And it will probably grow on me in time, over-sampled vocals and all.
B000002LMM|5.0|This is less of a review, and more of a suggestion.  If you buy this CD, and I highly recommend that you do - especially Twin Peaks fans - listen to it at least once on a good, high-quality set of headphones.<br />There is a great deal of subtlety to this soundtrack that goes unrevealed when listening on a stereo or boom box.<br />Listening with a headset actually seems to create a greater intimacy with the soundtrack - you suddenly hear a variety of previously hidden nuances, such as sounds and recording effects.<br />It seems this music was made to be appreciated from &quot;the center of it,&quot; if that makes sense, and not from across the room.  Only headsets, or perhaps a really good surround-sound system, can physically put you where you need to be to appreciate the full quality of this work.<br />Don't get me wrong.  It's a good soundtrack however you listen to it, but listening to it on a stereo from across the room keeps you at a distance from some of the surprising quality of this work.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Truly one of the best C.D's ever, this C.D will always remain on my favorite's list. There isn't a bad song on this C.D, and whenever I'm tired of listening to my other music, I just listen to this C.D and feel great. The melodys sort of differ, but that only makes it better. I give this C.D 2 thumbs up, 5 stars.
0553106635|5.0|When my brother-in-law first gave me &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot;, I was a bit confused about the storylines because he would write about one person in one place for the first chapter, and then, write about someone different in a completely different place the next chapter. But, as I kept reading, I really liked the way the storylines all melded together as you went along. That's not how most books are written and it is a breath of fresh air to have a book written in such a way.  I applaud Mr. Martin for writing about a fantasy world that is not very far from the real world.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Please disregard all of the snippy, poopy little comments of the Amazon.Com &quot;editorial reviewer&quot; (such as &quot;The result, bless her heart, may be the invention of a whole new form of kitsch.&quot;) That reviewer needs to go find a life somewhere--and maybe consider some serious counseling. Make no mistake, this album is absolutely wonderful. Brightman's voice is the closest thing to that of an angel you're likely to hear this side of heaven.<br />When a friend recently loaned me Ms. Brightman's newest album, &quot;La Luna,&quot; it was the first time I'd ever heard her sing, and I decided to purchase both that album and &quot;Eden&quot; right away. &quot;La Luna&quot; is a great album, too, but I have to say I like &quot;Eden&quot; better. &quot;Eden&quot; shows Ms. Brightman's tremendous range and versatility; with songs like her lovely rendition of &quot;Dust in the Wind&quot; (Brightman outdid Kansas!) and &quot;Only an Ocean Away,&quot; she demonstrates a sure grasp of pop music. In &quot;Nella Fantasia,&quot; Brightman puts words to a beautiful piece of music by Ennio Morricone (from the soundtrack of the movie &quot;The Mission&quot;). The result, again, is very, very beautiful. In a another great track, Ms. Brightman adds words to a favorite classical piece of mine, Samuel Barber's Adagio for Strings.<br />Ms. Brightman, you're a marvel and a delight. I'm beginning to think you could sing to me from a soup can label or the telephone book and it would still be sheer heaven. <br />By all means, buy the album &quot;Eden &quot; (and &quot;La Luna,&quot; too, if you can) and then just sit back and enjoy. You're in for a real treat.
0446677450|5.0|One of the great things about this book is that it will change the way you think about money. Many people think that to get rich you need to work harder and save as much as you can. This is not true. Reading this book made me understand that you do not need to have a high income, in order to become rich. <br />Although most of the stories in the book are probably made up, they are still worth to read. These stories make you understand the point the author is trying to make. Besides the stories, the author teaches some great lessons about money. <br />I am really glad I have read this book, and I can only recommend it. <br />If you choose to read this book, then be aware that some things are repeated over and over again. Although this can be very annoying, it is still worth to read this book.<br />Regarding the price, it is really worth 7.99  for that much information. This book might change you life, so enjoy reading it.<br />R Chotoveli, Software Engineer
B000001DYJ|3.0|So now we come to the final chapter in the ALIVE trilogy.It was inevitable that Paul and Gene would bow to public pressure and put out another live album.They hoped to produce a set that would have rivalled ALIVE 1 &amp; 2; unfortunately,number three did not make the grade.I can't see the sense in repeating songs that had already appeared in previous live incarnations(DEUCE,ROCK N'ROLL ALL NITE,WATCHIN'YOU,DETROIT ROCK CITY).They had the albums from DYNASTY to REVENGE to choose material from.Why no FITS LIKE A GLOVE,TURN ON THE NIGHT,or TEARS ARE FALLING?!Also the Eddie Kramer production on some of the tracks sounds watered down, almost to UNMASKED like proportions.Saying that though,on other tracks the Kulick/Stanley/Simmons/Singer lineup really bared it's fangs and showed how good they really were(CREATURES OF THE NIGHT ,I WAS MADE FOR LOVIN' YOU,LICK IT UP,FOREVER).By all means,buy ALIVE 3;just don't think it will be better than 1&amp;2,and you won't be dissapointed.
0783225733|5.0|Am I the only person who believes that Ron Howard was ROBBED out of not just an Academy Award nomination for this movie, but he should have WON IT??  Sure 'Braveheart' was good, but how often did Mel Gibson have to film in zero-g for 20 seconds-at-a-time? I think pulling that off alone was an amazing feat worth recognition...but the Academy felt that Ron apparently hadn't quite EARNED it--YET.  How unfortunate.<br />This movie inspired me like no film I have ever seen has.  I went out and purchased a copy of 'Lost Moon' (the novel on which the movie was based by Jim Lovell) and immediately was lost within the pages of this truly amazing adventure.  If you think that these three astronauts nearly bought the farm in only as many times as was described in the movie, think again.  They had several other life-threatening situations just as frightening as any put in the movie, but due to the constraints that filming a movie can cause, they were only able to include just a FEW of the horrific moments that marked one of the most dramatic situations that has ever occurred in space.<br />The astronauts and NASA were very aware that there would be no way to send a rescue to a failing spaceship almost 200,000 miles from earth...HOW would they be saved?  That is what makes this an incredible adventure of the highest order.  What brought these men home was a marriage of everyone who knew anything about the Apollo Missions working together in one of the most amazing cooperative units in recorded history.  Sure, there have been many other instances where cooperation has worked to help build or make something great, but the enormous difference here is that these folks had to work together F-A-S-T.  Time was of the essence, and failure was too frightening to think about, in fact as Mission Leader Gene Kranz was famous for saying: 'Failure Is NOT an option!'  Nobody was more thankful for the successful efforts of this impressive group than Jim Lovell and his companions.  Cinematically this movie is absolutely stunning, with special effects that are incredibly realistic without going overboard--effects so good that during the screening of the movie Gene Kranz asked where Ron Howard had gone to restore the footage of the launch of the giant Saturn rocket that was featured only to be totally surprised when he was informed that it had all been manufactured in a studio.  You KNOW its good when you can fool the Launch Director...<br />I STILL view the landing on the moon as the single greatest achievment of the past century, and although today it seems totally foreign to send living humans to a gigantic rock a quarter-million miles from earth, I for one would welcome a return to the moon with open arms.  It would completely re-energize NASA and the entire country (if not the world), and who knows?  It might end up being a first step towards sending a probe with humans to Mars...?<br />Aside from the truly fantastic film this movie is, all of the extras that come with the DVD version are ALL so very worth passing up the VHS version entirely.  Commentary from Jim Lovell himself, comparison of the movie footage with actual footage from the ill-fated flight of Apollo 13--if you are looking for a reason to purchase a DVD player, I submit that this movie allows you THE PERFECT excuse to grab one today.  My absolute HIGHEST recommendation.  (grab a copy of Apollo 13 the book, too--truly inspiring)this movie is absolutely stunning, with special effects that are incredibly realistic without going overboard--effects so good that during the screening of the movie Gene Kranz asked where Ron Howard had gone to restore the footage of the launch of the giant Saturn rocket that was featured only to be totally surprised when he was informed that it had all been manufactured in a studio.  You KNOW its good when you can fool the Launch Director...<br />I STILL view the landing on the moon as the single greatest achievment of the past century, and although today it seems totally foreign to send living humans to a gigantic rock a quarter-million miles from earth, I for one would welcome a return to the moon with open arms.  It would completely re-energize NASA and the entire country (if not the world), and who knows?  It might end up being a first step towards sending a probe with humans to Mars...?  <br />Aside from the truly fantastic film this movie is, all of the extras that come with the DVD version are ALL so very worth passing up the VHS version entirely.  Commentary from Jim Lovell himself, comparison of the movie footage with actual footage from the ill-fated flight of Apollo 13--if you are looking for a reason to purchase a DVD player, I submit that this movie allows you THE PERFECT excuse to grab one today.  My absolute HIGHEST recommendation.  (grab a copy of Apollo 13 the book, too--truly inspiring)
B00000IL1K|5.0|Please disregard all of the snippy, ...... little comments of the Amazon.Com &quot;editorial reviewer&quot; (such as &quot;The result, bless her heart, may be the invention of a whole new form of kitsch.&quot;) That reviewer needs to go find a life somewhere--and maybe consider some serious counseling. Make no mistake, this album is absolutely wonderful. Brightman's voice is the closest thing to that of an angel you're likely to hear this side of heaven.<br />When a friend recently loaned me Ms. Brightman's newest album, &quot;La Luna,&quot; it was the first time I'd ever heard her sing, and I decided to purchase both that album and &quot;Eden&quot; right away. &quot;La Luna&quot; is a great album, too, but I have to say I like &quot;Eden&quot; better. &quot;Eden&quot; shows Ms. Brightman's tremendous range and versatility; with songs like her lovely rendition of &quot;Dust in the Wind&quot; (Brightman outdid Kansas!) and &quot;Only an Ocean Away,&quot; she demonstrates a sure grasp of pop music. In &quot;Nella Fantasia,&quot; Brightman puts words to a beautiful piece of music by Ennio Morricone (from the soundtrack of the movie &quot;The Mission&quot;). The result, again, is very, very beautiful. In a another great track, Ms. Brightman adds words to a favorite classical piece of mine, Samuel Barber's Adagio for Strings.<br />Ms. Brightman, you're a marvel and a delight. I'm beginning to think you could sing to me from a soup can label or the telephone book and it would still be sheer heaven. <br />By all means, buy the album &quot;Eden &quot; (and &quot;La Luna,&quot; too, if you can) and then just sit back and enjoy. You're in for a real treat.
B000055WIQ|4.0|I was around 13 when this movie came to HBO. Because my parents forbid me from watching it, I made it a top priorty to go to a friend's house to see it. I got what I deserved because I could not sleep for days, so freaked was I by what I saw. Poor little Linda Blair must have been coached to envision the shambles her career would become to pull off such scenes of demonic possession. Her mom Ellyn Burstyn always has an edge in any flick she stars in: here, you simply can't believe how wacky she acts..I thought the devil threw one of his helpers into Ellen while he took over Linda. The priests do what they can for the kid, but she makes their lives quite difficult, spitting a hunk of Alpo at the old priest when he isn't watching. Don't let your kids see it if you don't want them sleeping in your bed for the next year or so.
6305426651|5.0|There aren't words good enough to describe the wonder of this movie. Funny, very very touching, heartwarming... I recommend watching it with the subtitles instead of the dubbed version; you honestly forget you're listening to Italian and just get caught up in the beauty of it. (In fact, it was slightly jarring to hear the American soldier at the end speak in English; the Italian is so beautiful.) Benigni is a brilliant actor and very, very funny at points... I only wish I had bought it sooner. :)
B00000IL1K|5.0|Please disregard all of the snippy, poopy little comments of the Amazon.Com &quot;editorial reviewer&quot; (such as &quot;The result, bless her heart, may be the invention of a whole new form of kitsch.&quot;) That reviewer needs to go find a life somewhere--and maybe consider some serious counseling. Make no mistake, this album is absolutely wonderful. Brightman's voice is the closest thing to that of an angel you're likely to hear this side of heaven.<br />When a friend recently loaned me Ms. Brightman's newest album, &quot;La Luna,&quot; it was the first time I'd ever heard her sing, and I decided to purchase both that album and &quot;Eden&quot; right away. &quot;La Luna&quot; is a great album, too, but I have to say I like &quot;Eden&quot; better. &quot;Eden&quot; shows Ms. Brightman's tremendous range and versatility; with songs like her lovely rendition of &quot;Dust in the Wind&quot; (Brightman outdid Kansas!) and &quot;Only an Ocean Away,&quot; she demonstrates a sure grasp of pop music. In &quot;Nella Fantasia,&quot; Brightman puts words to a beautiful piece of music by Ennio Morricone (from the soudtrack of &quot;The Mission&quot;). The result, again, is very, very beautiful. In a another great track, Ms. Brightman adds words to a favorite classical piece of mine by the composer Albinoni.<br />Ms. Brightman, you're a marvel and a delight. I'm beginning to think you could sing to me from a soup can label or the telephone book and it would still be sheer heaven for me. <br />By all means, buy the album &quot;Eden &quot; (and &quot;La Luna,&quot; too, if you can) and then just sit back and enjoy. You're in for a real treat.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I got intrested in limp bizkit when I first heard nookie on now 3 I bought expecting to hear alot of songs like that but I was wrong.  every song is great and there is alot of variety.  My favorite is no sex where a guy sings about how he went to far to fast.  My other faves are nookie,break stuff,re-arranged and i'm broke.  When I first heard of the instrements limp bizkit uses I was skeptical.  But the sound it produces is amazing and nothing I have ever heard before.
0679879269|5.0|As I already have stated in my Amazon.com reviews of \\"The Golden Compass\\" and \\"The Subtle Knife,\\" Phillip Pullman's \\"His Dark Materials\\" trilogy is a fantastic, amazing, mind-boggling, exciting, moving, heartbreaking, brilliantly written classic at the level of Tolkien's \\"Lord of the Rings\\" (and believe me, I NEVER thought I'd be saying that!).  Also, it is important to reiterate that this is NOT a \\"children's book\\" in the sense that it is strictly for - or about - children (although certainly, it can be read by intelligent young people!), and it is absolutely not \\"fantasy\\" in the usual sense of the word (Phillip Pullman has stated that he can't read \\"fantasy\\" books, because they don't \\"tell [him] anything interesting about being a human being\\").  Instead, this trilogy is Phillip Pullman's dark take on Biblical Creation and an extended riff on many of the themes raised in John Milton's \\"Paradise Lost.\\"   The bottom line:  if Phillip Pullman is mainly \\"fantasy\\" for children, than so are John Milton and the Bible!  I don't think so....<br />Anyway, the third book in Pullman's trilogy, \\"The Amber Spyglass,\\" is the culmination of Pullman's exploration of themes like courage, love, free will, sin, God, the Church, and, of course, swirling around all of this, the ever-mysterious dark matter, or \\"dust.\\"  Most of the other characters we have become acquainted with in Books 1 and 2 are back (plus some new ones too, especially the Mulefa and the Gallivespians).  And just as the \\"The Golden Compass,\\" can be thought of as being about Lyra (and her beloved daemon, Pantalaimon), and \\"The Subtle Knife\\" mainly about Will Parry, \\"The Amber Spyglass\\" brings everything (and everyone - especially Adam and Eve, er, Will and Lyra, that is!) together for a heart-stopping, gut-wrenching, tear-jerking finale.   Here, we see Will using his \\"subtle knife\\" (AKA \\"Aesahaettr\\" - the God destroyer) to cut windows through into different universes, and even to the world of the dead.  We also learn aLOT more about Dr. Mary Malone, who turns out to be a critically important character.  Finally, we discover lots more about dust, the \\"Authority,\\" angels, Mrs. Coulter and Lord Asriel, Iorek Byrnison, and much more.<br />This is a highly complex story, but I think that Pullman manages to hold it all together brilliantly.  His characters grow and change in fascinating ways, and undertake incredible, even heartbreaking, acts of courage and self-sacrifice.  If you are not brought to tears at various points in \\"The Amber Sypglass,\\" especially the scene where Lyra and Will board the boat to the world of the dead and leave their daemons behind, and when they realize they love each other but cannot be together, then you should sign up for membership in your local Oblation Board, because you have a heart of stone!!!  <br />To summarize three points I made in my reviews of \\"The Golden Compass\\" and \\"The Subtle Knife\\":  1) this is far darker and more disturbing material (especially if you have a closed mind towards explorations of God, religion, the Church and the nature of man - all the interesting and important things, in other words) than the perfectly serviceable \\"Harry Potter\\" books, to which the Pullman trilogy inevitably is going to be compared (this trilogy is far, far greater than Potter!!); 2) Pullman is a master of language, and his use of names (among other things) is fascinating..  \\"Lyra,\\" for instance, is a constellation in the NORTHERN  Hemiphere, plus of course \\"Lyra\\" sounds awfully much like \\"liar,\\" which is Lyra Belacqua's main skill (besides reading the alethiometer), and one in which she takes great pride (that is, until the brutal encounter with the Harpy at the gates of the city of the dead!)  Coincidence?  Hmmmm...I don't think so!; and 3) Pullman has borrowed freely from this all-time classic poem by John Milton, \\"Paradise Lost,\\" in creating his own take on Genesis, God, Satan, free will, the temptation in the Garden of Eden, and the \\"Fall\\" of man into\\"Sin\\" (among other things).  In interviews, Phillip Pullman has confirmed that the biblical Creation story, Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden, and \\"Paradise Lost\\" are major sources for \\"His Dark Materials\\" trilogy, and that the title itself comes from the following quote:  &quot;Unless the almighty maker them ordain / His dark materials to create more worlds.&quot;  But don't forget that there is real science behind \\"dark matter\\" - scientists right now are investigating this as a possible force which could help hold the universe together!  <br />Anyway, I strongly recommend that you read Phillip Pullman's magnificent book, \\"The Amber Spyglass\\" (and the other two books in the trilogy) whether you want a great story that you won't be able to put down, or whether you want to be challenged, amazed, intrigued, and deeply moved.  And OF COURSE you should read it if you're curious to know more about the ever-enigmatic, but ultimately all-important \\"dust,\\" our final rest and native home....
6304385668|2.0|this movie had great potential, but unfortunately didn't live up to it. the info in the movie was interesting, but was directed so badly that it couldn't be good. it started out so suddenly that you couldnt be drawn into it.what was up with julia roberts? she can't  keep up an irish accent to save her life. if you want a documentarish movie  youll like this. but if you want an awesome movie about ireland check out some mothers son or the boxer.
6304509154|5.0|I just saw this movie for the first time last week. I can sit through practically any horror movie, but this was so frightening and horribly vivid in imagery! A must see for any horror fan, this is one of the  greatest movies I have ever seen.  For anyone who hasn't seen Poltergeist before--beware the PG rating, this is not a movie for the faint of heart, and not suitable for young children who scare easily.
B00001NFCY|4.0|I just got this CD and I'm very impressed (and hooked).  Yeah I'm a bit late buying it, but I'm one that likes to wait and see how it sells and how good it really is.  Anyway, this album really is worth the price tag.  The lyrics are deep and the vocals are nothing short of awesome.  &quot;Are You Ready?&quot;, &quot;What If&quot;, &quot;Faceless Man&quot;, &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot;, and &quot;Higher&quot; are the best songs on the album in my opinion.  It's hard these days to find an album with this many good solid songs:  definitely worth the cash.  <br />This CD is great proof that you don't need to cuss every other word to produce a great album.  Some of you may not agree with that comment, but it's true.  Anyway, this is a great CD that many of you may want to check out (if you haven't already).
B000002UUX|2.0|I will admit that I have only heard this Megadeth album, (and one of the new tracks on a Metal Hammer CD that appears on the recently released Greatest Hits album) so I'm not going to make any real judgement on Megadeth as a band. But this album, I don't know why but I just don't like it.<br />It's too, I dunno I can't put my finger on it. All I know is that I prefer a lot of other metal bands - Iron Maiden, Blind Guardian, Pantera, Slayer, Metallica. Ahh... Metallica. If you're looking for something that sounds like Metallica, you won't find it here, and theres no real connection, and one certainly wouldn't be made with this album and any Metallica album if it wasn't for the fact that Dave Mustaine was in Metallica at one time.<br />So I thought &quot;OK, they've developed their own style, fair enough. That's a good thing so I'll take it for what it is&quot;. And I still don't like it. I like some parts of it, but the fact that Dave Mustaine's whiny voice irritates me is probably the main reason. The vocals generally I don't like, Take No Prisoners is ruined by the fact that all four members sing at once in the first verse, and instead of offering either a powerful vocal performance like some of the bands I listed previously, or a gritty intense piece of heavy metal like some of the other bands I wrote down earlier, this offers some of what is, in my opinion, average 80s metal (although it was released in 1990). Hey, this is just my opinion.<br />It gets two stars and not one because it does contain good musicianship and isn't trying to copy loads of other bands. And Hanger 18 IS a good song. They're not regarded as one of the greatest metal bands ever for no reason. You may like it, its not bad in a &quot;completely crap&quot; kinda way, just in that I don't personally like it.
B00003CXHJ|1.0|It is typically American to sacrifice historical truth on the altar of financial gain, and that is exactly what this film does. Ignoring the fact that the single action that saved an estimated one million lives in WWII was perpetrated by the British Navy, it is of course the US navy that has to save the day. It is not enough that the DVD states the historical truth after the film has finished. This is hugely disrespectful to servicemen, and an embarassing display of crass ignorance. Once again, Hollywood has presented a bastardised version of history.
6301963911|5.0|Simply Allen's best film - totally complete and perfect.
B00004YA12|5.0|For anyone interested in the National Socialist period in Germany, this film is a must. It captures all of the splendor and wonder of the Third Reich, as well as providing a tantalizing, though incomplete, glimpse into the National Socialist ideology. Aside from the astounding film techniques, the content is riveting, the speeches are hypnotic (Hitler's, at least,) and the rallies are overwhelming.<br />While I understand that most people who watch this film will go into it with many pre-conceived notions, it is best viewed with an open mind. Rather than seeing it as a propaganda film, which it was not, by the way, view it as you would a documentary. <br />Regardless, whether your believe in the National Socialist ideology or not, this film is a masterpiece, as is shown by the numerous 5 star reviews it has been given. Watch it!
B000002JNJ|4.0|I was quite suprised to find an alblum like this in a music industry increasingly dominated by teen pop, rap, and alternative rock. The Title Track and &quot;Cemetary Gates&quot; are both amazing songs. My only complaint would be Phil Anselmo, I don't think he does a really great job at singing alot of the songs and I think he often ends up sounding like James Hetfield, I think the only great work he did was on &quot;Cemetary Gates&quot;. The music is great though, some of the best of this decade, but I don't think it even compares to 'Master of Puppets' or 'Ride the Lightning' by Metallica.
0789723107|5.0|The &quot;show me&quot; what you mean book of web usability review.  I particularly like the common sense handling of the main web problems.<br />Some of the key things that are pointed out in this book are:<br />1. Don't make me think:  Basically the web user does not want to venture into a site that requires them to figure it out.  It should be self-evident. How do we use web pages:<br />  a. We don't read pages, we scan them<br />  b. We don't make optimal choices, we satisfice<br />  c. We don't figure out, how things work, we muddle through<br />2. It doesn't matter how many times I click as long as each click is a mindless unambiguous choice<br />3. Get rid of half the words on each page, then get rid of half of what's left.<br />The first 5 chapters clearly illustrate the three &quot;Krug's Laws of Usability&quot; listed above with lots of pictures and examples.  Well done.<br />His chapters on navigation and finding your way around are a cookbook on how to do it right.  He finishes the chapters with several examples, first asking the reader to look at the examples and then discusses how he feels it should be redone.  Excellent teaching tool.  Similarly, he broaches the topic of the Home page and how it should be structured and the various forces pulling in different directions.  The examples he gives at the end here too are a good teaching tool.<br />The remainder of the book discusses the design processes and the usability tests.  These are excellent chapters in the forces at work and it is evident, he has done this many times from the information he has gathered.<br />He provides specific suggestions for web usability testing for various stages of sites as well as for various problems.  This is wonderful guidance if you are new at this.  He also provides a guideline on scripting and report writing.  Nice job.<br />He winds up the book with recommended reading and also providing a website for readers of this book: [...]
B00000K19E|5.0|Excellent movie to demonstrate what dvd is capable of... first rate sound / picture. This movie has bonuses you'll have to see to believe -- they really packed them in (documentaries / comic books / the script / audio commentary)<br />Oh yeah, the story is pretty good too -- let's hope the Wachowski brothers do as good a job on the sequel.
B00003Q438|1.0|This DVD is not anamorphic and will not play very well on your 16x9 HDTVs - which is very disappointing.
0767817664|3.0|Surprisingly clever 80s vampire horror/comedy featuring Amanda Bearse (&quot;Married with Children&quot;'s Marcy) &amp; William Ragsdale (&quot;Herman's Head&quot;). Good special effects, LOTS of unadvertised language &amp; subtitle tracks on this one.  (audio: English / French / Portugese) (subtitles: English / French / Spanish / Portugese / Chinese / Korean / Thai)
B00003CXN4|5.0|I saw this film this past weekend and I was expecting alot from it.  It has been targeted as one of those can't miss oscar hopeful films that are great.  However, most movies like that fail to live up to the heightened expectations.  However, Traffic was better than I expected.  It is one of the only films I have ever seen that actually has a message, that actually sets out to prove a point. A film that is social commentary.  Soderbergh is a great director as proven by his earlier body of work (Sex, Lies, and Videotape and Out of Sight are two of my favorites also), however Traffic is by far his best work that I've seen yet.  It interweves 3 different stories all dealing with the drug trade in an ambitious and truly wonderful way.  IT shows every kind of thing dealing with drugs from those who are addicts to those who are supposed to stop it.  And sometimes those connections are alot blurrier than expected.  I reccomend this film to everyone who loves great cinema.  Just see it.
0792156684|1.0|Granted, the special effects / sets / costumes were amazing. I first saw it at Silver City Metropolis, and the movie really played up to the super-theater's oversized screen. <br />The second time was a real disappointment -- There was absolutely no substance to back up the visuals. All I could see was poor acting and a laughable script.<br />The movie is impressive, but ultimately forgettable. It's worth viewing once (preferably on a big screen).
B000002542|5.0|I bought the cassette tape of this album years ago, and admittedly was taken aback initially by it; but listening to it now, I am really blown away by it.  Picture if you will Rush Meets Pink Floyd:  somewhat cosmic lyrics with fantastic instrumental interplay.  Listening to organist Gregg Rolie singing, you have to wonder, &quot;Hey, no offense to Steve Perry, but why did they replace this guy?&quot;  He had (at least on this debut album) a fantastic voice; and of course his playing on the organ, piano, and synthesizer are a delight as well.  Then again, there's the super percussion work of drummer Aynsley Dunbar, and the great unsung hero of the bass guitar Ross Valory.  But the most amazing instrumentalist of the original quintet (yes, there was a fifth member, rhythm guitarist George Tickner, who also co-wrote much of Journey's early works; but you can't really get an idea of how good a guitarist the guy was, unfortunately) is without a doubt lead guitarist Neal Schon.  You have GOT to hear this album to know what I mean!  Yeah, you heard the guy blaze on a lot of Journey and Bad English songs; but he just kicks tail throughout this recording!  And, best of all, these five guys played TOGETHER - Schon was egged on in his playing by the interplay of the other guys, and the results are just fantastic.  In particular, I recommend &quot;Of A Lifetime,&quot; &quot;In My Lonely Feeling,&quot; and &quot;Mystery Mountain.&quot;
0780622553|3.0|Movie on its own is very good, well worth the purchase. It's science fiction meeting hard-boiled mystery ??? Not very common, and quite compelling.<br />The so-called &quot;bonuses&quot; are quite disappointing. C'mon... 2 audion commentaries? One by Roger (can you say kickback?) Ebert? Yuck. I couldn't get the &quot;find shell beach&quot; game to work on my player or on my dvd-rom. Defective? False advertisement?<br />Buy this dvd for the movie itself -- I deducted a star because of the poor/missing bonuses.
B000002OX5|5.0|Although The Who did some fantastic stuff in the '70's and early '80's, particularly the often-underrated &quot;Face Dances&quot; LP, I always preferred their mid-'60's songs over the &quot;Tommy&quot;-and-later stuff.  To each his own, I guess...<br />This album finally gets the band working as a band; everyone writes good songs for the album (although Roger Daltrey's &quot;Early Morning Cold Taxi&quot; was not originally on the LP, and I don't see why, because it's a really really good song and much better than his slightly repetitive &quot;See My Way&quot; included on the second LP), and the individual talents are really developing.  John Entwistle and Keith Moon were always fantastic musicians; no question of it, they made a truly great complement to Peter Townshend's rhythmic guitar style, and when you've only got three guys playing instruments onstage you really need to be able to get a full sound.  And their playing is great here, too.  Townshend has gotten much, much better playing lead solos, and his songs are as usual perfection - catchy, deceptively simple to play, but mind-blowing and impossible to get out of your brain and your ears for hours afterward!  Daltrey has finally developed his voice from the somewhat shaky beginnigs on the first LP; what's always a trip, for me anyway, is how his mellow voice contrasts with the psychedelic and somewhat thrashing instrumental sounds on &quot;I Can See For Miles,&quot; which of course you'll hear on this album.<br />And you'll see that these guys had a great sense of humor, too, because this album is formatted to sound like a radio broadcast, with little jingles about all sorts of products(you'll dig &quot;Odorono&quot;; it's a gas!).  The cover is hysterical; John as the puny weakling who now is strong and wearing a bearskin with a beautiful girl by his side; Roger, sitting in a bowl of baked beans with a hysterically goofy grin on his face - you gotta laugh.
0380804557|5.0|Sandman comicbook author Neil Gaiman turns his skills to prose. The result is a fairy tale in the tradition of Narnia, but for adults. I lent this book to 3 friends, and 2 of them are planning to buy it.<br />Great reading if you like Grimm's fairy tales, CS Lewis' Narnia books, or the Never-Ending story. Enough said.
6305524866|1.0|Maudlin, slushy mush. That's what this film is in a nutshell. Don't dare watch this schmaltzy goo if you have any self-respect or intelligence. Hugh Grant should stick to what he does best: soliciting hookers.
0782008364|5.0|This movie is highly underrated. It obsessively follows all the conventions of a typical mobster movie (blood, guts, violence, guns, etc), but with a gender-bending twist. <br />Beautifully filmed and very compelling, but not for children or for the squeamish.
6305909326|3.0|This is not a film about the occult in the same style as the &quot;Exorcist&quot;, more like &quot;Rosemary's Baby&quot;. Events in the film can have both paranormal and non-paranormal causes. Both Roman Polanski and Johnny Depp do their jobs competently but there is something missing from the film, like a better ending. It was goofy. What does the picture in the book signify? Was the Frank Langella character just crazy or was there more to the whole mystery of the book?<br />It was better than I thought it was going to be; don't expect much and you won't be disappointed.
B00003CXDG|1.0|Mediocre story, too much hype, and dismal acting (Tom, what were you thinking??), made this one of the most disappointing movies I've ever seen. Thank god I didn't buy this one or pay full price at the theater... I was very close to doing that based on the merits of the first one.<br />In a way it's a fitting followup ... take everything that made the first movie work (gritty action, special effects, suspense) and show how NOT to do it. Trust me -- rent it first.
0553573403|5.0|I found A Game of Thrones to be a refreshing addition to modern fantasy. It doesn't have any of the typical powerful mages and dangerous creatures roaming the lands, and it has very little in the way of magic. Instead, the world's depth lies in the various cultures and attitudes of the many human groups that inhabit it. Many of these are barely mentioned and left mostly undescribed, but Martin leaves much food for the imagination. I found his characters very believable because they act more on human impulses than preset stereotypes. The main characters span a number of diverse personalities so I think most readers will find one they can empathize with. The plot is mostly driven by court intrigues and hidden dangers, but it doesn't suffer from a lack of action. And to top it off, I really enjoyed Martin's use of vivid color in his descriptions. Even without magic (or precious little of it), Martin can paint a purely fantastic scene just by his imagery and sensory appeal. While the political struggles in A Game of Thrones could almost take place in medieval Europe, that imagery places the book well within the realm of high fantasy.
B00001P4RI|5.0|I work at a music store and I have seen probably a total of 5 people buy this album since it came out. You people don't know what you have missed. If you like Dead Can Dance's percussion, unique use of instruments and chilling poetry, you will like this album.  Brendan Perry shows us his songwriting skills untouched.  This album reminded me of a few songs on DCD's &quot;Into the Labyrinth&quot; like &quot;The carnival is over&quot; and &quot;Tell me about the forest&quot;. If you like DCD but could do without Lisa Gerrard's somewhat strange vocals, THIS IS THE CD TO BUY! GET IT!
B000001DQI|5.0|This is a great album...I dislike Elton John and could never understand his fame and fortune until I heard this album.  Obviously he has been coasting ever since, indulging himself in sappy ballads and such pabulum.  His future decline does not detract from this album, however.  If only &quot;Rocket Man&quot; were on it, it would be his apotheosis compleat.
B000000QFV|4.0|In 1990, Black Sabbath looked like it was finally undergoing some stability. Stability that hadn't been with the band since the Ozzy years. Tyr was the second album released by the band with the lineup of Tony Iommi, Tony Martin, Cozy Powell, and Neil Murray. This collaboration had already produced a great album with Headless Cross and didn't produce such a bad follow-up. Tyr has sort of a midieval theme to it. Just look at the names of songs such as &quot;Odin's Court&quot; and &quot;The Lawmaker&quot; to see what I mean. The album starts out with the soothing, almost celestial voices that start out &quot;Anno Mundi&quot; which, in my opinion, is the second best song on the album. It then goes into the more upbeat and heavy &quot;The Lawmaker&quot; and procedes to go into such gems as &quot;Jerusalem&quot; and &quot;The Sabbath Stones,&quot; which are both great songs. However, in my opinion, the best song on the album is &quot;Valhalla.&quot; This song is a mystical tale about the satanic land of Valhalla. It has a very powerful chorus and an amazing guitar solo. Definitly one of my favorite Sabbath songs. Despite the power of Tyr, this collaboration of Sabbath did not last for much longer. Iommi decided to reunite with ex-Sabbath members Geezer Butler, Ronnie James Dio, and Vinnie Appice for 1992's Dehuminizer album and tour.Although the Iommi, Martin, Powell, Murray version of Sabbath reunited for 1995's Forbidden, they could not match the power of Tyr.
B00000AOUD|1.0|is all I can call this.  I read the original vinyl's cover, which folded out to emulate a newspaper, and it wasn't even funny or engaging.  The music, ah yes, the music.  Whipping out a flute doesn't impress me.  An oboe, perhaps.  Alternating between babbling about such and such of no interest and whistling into a metal tube seems so artistic, but it really isn't.  Jethro Tull is one of the great non sequiturs, like The Who, a band which only is remembered because somebody back in the 60s/70s thought it was so cool back then and is now too embarrassed to admit that they were wrong.  Well, you stopped listening to the Bay City Rollers and Captain &amp; Tenille, didn't you?  Didn't you??<br />Criminy.  I guess that explains the Kiss tour.
B00003CWTH|1.0|It felt like I was in hell for three hours watching this video. I like esoteric filmaking and was lured by the stellar cast and Roger Ebert's thumbs-up, but I have to tell you this was god-awful. There is talent here in the cast (Robards, Cruise, Macy, et al) and the cinematography is excellent but the 'story' and it's 'depth' are sick and stupid. Too much of the f-word also. It put me in a bad mood.
B00004Z4WQ|2.0|I've been on this earth for damn near 23 years.  I've seen quite a few things seeing as how I've recently entered my third decade of life.  Death by penis, however, is one thing I had not seen until I saw Scary Movie.  To be quite honest, I could have lived without it.      This generally stale movie did have it's moments, but they were all able to be fit nice and snug into the trailer, perhaps one of the funniest of all time.  If I was writing this review for the trailer I'd give it two snaps up in a blink.  The Wayans brothers, however, manage to take that brilliant trailer, interspersing crude and unfunny jokes with the occasional impaling penis, and turn it into a less than sterling comedy.       From now on, the only way I'm watching a Wayans in a movie is if he's dressed up like a clown and hitting people over the head with a toy bat.
0375500901|2.0|I have reached Chapter 15 and am putting this novel down in frustration.  I want an agent, editor or publisher to tell me why this book has gotten such good reviews.  Each chapter has a new cast of characters who, more than likely, tell their story in flashback.  Who wants to keep a roadmap of the cast of characters?
0671027344|5.0|Perhaps it is because I myself am a high school senior, but this novel about &quot;Charlie,&quot; a high school freshman who befriends some seniors, really hit home.  It is the story of his freshman year, filled with his hopes and fears, new experiences and new friends.  I highly recommend this &quot;coming of age&quot; novel to anyone who wishes to relive their own high school years through Charlie, to those of us who identify with him, and to those who are curious about those four mysterious years after middle school and before college.
B000056JYB|4.0|For fans of the original lp this reissue is an absolute must. Blind Faith gets most of it's recognition as one of the first supergroups and for it's short duration. This release puts the emphasis back where it belongs, on the music. The bonus jams are for the most part outstanding. Kinda like the Live Cream lp's but w/ less flash and a little more groove. Contrary to popular belief this band accomplished plenty during it's short existence. Let the revisionist history begin. These guys were great. The change of address jam has quite a groove. Essential. My only gripe would be the lack of live material. It would be nice to have an official live compilation too.<br />Chris
0920668372|3.0|Okay.  People are supposed to like this book.  I think this book was not written for children at all.  It was written for parents to read it to children, and it was written to make the parents cry.  Now this is my opinion.  Lots of people love this book.  It probably got awards, but I'm writing this to say that I think this books stinks.  Kids, if they were to learn anything from this book might come away with this: parents love their kids when they're sleeping, and kids miss their parents when they're dead.  And people grow up and have kids.  And then the old people die and the younger people have kids and then everybody gets older and then there are more kids and more dead people.  The text of I Love you Forever thinly disguises my paraphrase.    Do kids have a better understanding of the life-cycle than adults do?  By and large, I would say yes, they do, and it is only two-dimensional, time line books like this one that cause kids to lose their understanding and start to ask questions from adults who, perhaps, know less.
B000002UA2|5.0|I just &quot;discovered&quot; Pink Floyd this past summer and I picked up a copy of OBSCURED BY CLOUDS after a recommendation of a friend and was absolutely blown away!  This album is definitely &quot;obscured&quot; by the more recognized Floyd albums (ie. THE WALL or DARK SIDE OF THE MOON) and is probably only familiar to die-hard fans.  The trippy opening title track draws you in and leaves you wanting more and David Gilmour's guitar work is surreal on tracks like &quot;Mudmen&quot; and &quot;Burning Bridges.&quot;  While my favorite track is the &quot;pop-py&quot; &quot;Wot's...Uh The Deal,&quot;  I think the highlight of the whole album is Roger's &quot;Free Four.&quot;  I found that the upbeat pop tempo contradicts his lyrics that talk vaguely about his father's death in the war and serve as a sort of foreshadow to THE WALL.   This whole album excites me!  I listen to it everywhere I go.  If you are a relatively new Pink Floyd fan like I am, and you want to go beyond the Floyd Necessities, I definitely recommend OBSCURED BY CLOUDS.
6305074593|1.0|Fincher has this thing with endings.  &quot;Seven&quot; was awful until the final 30 minutes, which contained his best work.  &quot;The Fight Club&quot; was wittier than I expected, but the ending was abysmal.  And &quot;The Game&quot; has the worst ending of any movie I can think of right now.  If you thought it was a good ending, do yourself a favor -- replay the movie, for real or in your head, and look at how close Douglas's character comes to being killed.  Then replay the ending and his reaction when he discovers it's all a &quot;game.&quot;  &quot;The Twilight Zone,&quot; was more in tune to human nature than this is.
B00004YW6I|4.0|I'll admit it. I was not a fan of PJ Harvey's earlier albums besides the occasional song here or there. I heard good things about this album's first single &quot;Good Fortune&quot;, listened to it, liked it quite a bit, noticed the Patti Smith similarities. I then heard some other tunes which were even better - &quot;One Line&quot; with its haunting lyrics - <br />    &quot;Do you remember the first kiss,       stars shooting across the sky?.....      And I draw a line to your heart today,       to your heart from mine, a line to keep us safe....&quot; <br />And the magnificent, jawdropper of an album opener &quot;Big Exit&quot;, which contains the lyrics: <br />    &quot;Baby, baby, ain't it true,       I'm immortal when I'm with you,       but I want a pistol in my hand,       I want to to go to a different land...&quot;<br />This song alone with her hair-raising, soaring vocals is enough to cement PJ Harvey's place among the best songwriters in her generation. It's so &quot;in your face&quot; it makes me feel sorry for the other pathetic &quot;pretenders&quot; making music today.<br />This is great music for late nights that turn into &quot;sunrise watching&quot; sessions. This entire album oozes emotion.<br />I can't stop playing this album. These songs are so good it HURTS. Just buy it.<br />&quot;Watch the stars now moving across the sky,  keep this feeling safe tonight...&quot;  -PJ Harvey &quot;One Line&quot;
6303020089|4.0|I like this movie more now than I did the night I first saw it.  Back then, the flashbacks irritated me, Julianne Moore's aborted presence frustrated me because I knew she'd done more, and the whole concept of Kimble's primary nemesis not being the one-armed man but a friend and colleague (the cynical 90s -- betrayal and conspiracy) still rankles.<br />Nevertheless, the intelligence of Kimble and Girard, and the taut pacing, make this one thriller that I really can't help but enjoy seeing often.  (I only hope that Ford one day receives the career recognition that Jones already has.  True, it was Jones' lacing his character with flashes of wit that likely earned him the Oscar, but Ford's intensity and the empathy he draws from the viewer are also admirable and contribute greatly to the movie's impact.)
0671867369|5.0|Well, what can I say that has not already been said...<br />Stephen Ambrose has been tremendously successful in capturing the trials, the accomplishments, and travail of a group of men that started the war together, and of those who completed the war together.<br />As a current member of the Army, I would suggest this novel for the professional development of any soldier, regardless of rank.  For my generation, I encourage the reading of this book so that we can fully appreciate the sacrifices and celebrations that our grandparents provided for us.<br />I highly recommend this book to all persons interested in WWII history.<br />God Bless all Veterans!
B00004Z459|5.0|The first thing that pops into my head when I hear Linkin Park is this:  incredible!  Never in my life have I found a rock/metal/rap band that I can finally listen to all the way through.  You heard right!  With the rap lyrics thrown in a metal/rock world make Linkin Park a definite contender for some awards (hopefully REAL soon).  And not just that, their songs have meaning to it; take &quot;One Step Closer&quot; for example.  I believe that the meaning of this song is that everyone has their bad days, but when someone pushes you too far you have the feeling you just want to lose your sanity to them.  To tell you the truth, every song on the &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot; album rocks; not one will make you press the Skip Track button.  I urge you to buy this CD ... urge ... urge ... I've got the Urge to Herbal ... Herbal in the shower ... for another ha ... YIKES, I've been watching too much TV lately!
0446677450|4.0|Since I am just beginning to learn about investments, this book really helped me understand that financial freedom is not way out of my reach.<br />It was simple to read, although the cashflow models were a little bit confusing.<br />After reading this book, I was more motivated to learn about investments.  Before I read this book I was quite scared of financial subjects, because I knew nothing about them.  I always thought it would be a very complicated thing to learn. I have ordered another book about beginning investing that will give me some details on how to begin.<br />In my opinion, this book is for people like me, who don't understand investing and making money.  This book is not for people who already have experience in investing.<br />The only problem with this book, was it was quite redundant.  I am sure this was to emphasize this different way of thinking, but even I got impatient with it sometimes.
0312954468|5.0|I usually have my own niche when it comes to reading books. I'm not a genre reader, but when it comes to books, I always liked making out my own opinions before I buy them. That's why I keep on sticking to the same writers and same style books. Starting new stuff is fun, but I just hate being let down in the long end. I met a friend of mine one day when he was feeling really down after a fight with his girlfriend. As a mean of cheering him up, we took off to our local bookstore. Upon seeing this book, he started getting pretty much poignant and begged that I buy this one. I never heard of Wilbur Smith from the fat lady that keeps singing, but since I was a nice guy and I didn't really want to break his heart, I did the unspeakable. I bought a book written by a guy I'm not familiar with his writing, recommended by a guy who has just broken up with his girlfriend and going for the same book she bought for him as a gift. It was just a weird situation, which the only way you could get out of was to buy the thing and get away with it. I did... And I can't say that I did a bad choice at all...<br />The book is huge and intimidating and I admit, it took a great many nights to finish. One thing is for sure, though, it grabs hold of you. It mesmerizes you with the descriptions and the ethereal setting that is Pharaoic Egypt. It takes you on a magical journey filled with joy, hardness, heartache and sadness. It leaves you laughing out loud at times, and at times, you just feel a hollowness in your stomach that you just can't understand where it's coming from. The narration is so well written that you feel as if, the lead character, Taita, is talking right in front of you with no printed or a 3000 year barrier between the two of you. Smith is really able to contort with the ideas and amalgamates them nicely into an epic that just itches to be read at one go even with the seemingly huge content. There are many twists of plots, but the pacing never slows or bores you. Smith succeedes in capturing your eyes, your mind and, most of all, your heart.<br />The book inspired me to buy the sequel, the Seventh Scroll, just to see how the story is continued through in the modern world. And that decision did not require a solemnly single friend with a broken heart recommending it for me.
B00004ZAV3|3.0|Why isn't Please Please Me included on this set?  It was the Beatles FIRST number one record in England.  Lets not forget that they are from Liverpool, England, and started their careers there before conquering America.  I notice Love Me Do is on the list.  Love Me Do was released before Please Please Me, did respectably, but was not the huge hit they needed.  Then they put out Please Please Me and the rest is history.  Please Please Me should be on this album.  That's the only reason I give this three stars.
B00000K0T8|5.0|Ghostface Killah's Ironman is the best of all the solo albums released by Wu-Tang Clan members.  As with all solo albums, other Wu members abound, but it is Ghost's album and he is clearly the star. His rhymes are razor-sharp and he flows as smooth as Remy Martin. RZA again mans the board and he samples everything from the Jackson Five to Al Green along side the usual mix of spooky strings and kung-fu stuff.  &quot;Wildflower&quot; and &quot;Winter Warz&quot; are classic Wu murderous tracks, but Ghost shows he has a softer side with the heartbreakingly beautiful, autobiographical &quot;All I Got Is You&quot; which features soul chanteuse Mary J. Blige.  The song that elevates this album to classic status is the monumental &quot;Daytona 500&quot;.  The song is spurred on by a pulsating beat, flowing rhymes by Ghost &amp; Raekwon and one of the greatest verses in hip hop history by Cappadonna.  He barely comes up for air as he closes out the song.
B000002GYW|5.0|I know this is not the majority opinion, but in my view, \\"Desperado\\" is easily the Eagles' best album and their most enduring work.  \\"Desperado\\" is the Eagles' only \\"concept\\" album, and one of the best concept albums ever.<br />Besides a lyrical cohesiveness that far exceeds most \\"concept\\" albums, the musicianship demonstrated in this album eclipses anything the Eagles did before or after.  It shows how much was lost when Bernie Leadon left the band.<br />The album presents the story of an outlaw using a loose historical reference to a member of the Doolin-Dalton gang at the turn of the century.  The main character begins as a relative innocent with a taste for the fast life.  He follows that instinct and finds himself unable or unwilling to break away from it.  He senses it will overwhelm him, and in the end, it does.<br />The songs on the album have a subtle appeal ... they take time to appreciate, but both the lyrics and the melodies are superb.  \\"Twenty-One\\" and \\"Out of Control\\" are terrific depictions of the life.  Musically and lyrically, \\"Out of Control\\" is just that ... out of control.  \\"Tequila Sunrise\\" and \\"Desperado\\" reflect the reality of the choices he's made ... when the lights are off and everyone goes home he's still all alone.  He knows he's headed for trouble:<br />\\"You better let somebody love you, before it's too late.\\"<br />In \\"Certain Kind of Fool\\", he chooses the wild life, but why?<br />\\"It wasn't for the money, at least it didn't start that way It wasn't for the running, but now he's running every day.\\"<br />The transformation is complete in \\"Outlaw Man,\\" which reflects the lonely reality of the wild life:<br />\\"All my friends are strangers, they quickly come and go; and all my love's in danger, cause I steal hearts and souls.\\"<br />In the end, the life destroys him, \\"all alone in the center ring\\" and \\"with no time left to borrow.\\"  Musically, the last song on the album reprises the first: \\"Doolin Dalton.\\" Here, the epilogue of his life and the reasons for his untimely end are made clear:<br />\\"The Queen of Diamonds let you down, she was just an empty fable; the Queen of Hearts you say you never met. Your twisted fate has found you out, and it's finally turned the tables; stole your dreams and paid you with regret.\\"<br />Great stuff.<br />Hey, I know.  It's only an album.  Maybe it's because I spent a similar period of my life like a \\"Desperado\\" -- in a room full of people, yet somehow still alone.  But I think it's a great album.  Nothing the Eagles did before or since can touch it.the reasons for his untimely end are made clear:<br />\\"The Queen of Diamonds let you down, she was just an empty fable; the Queen of Hearts you say you never met. Your twisted fate has found you out, and it's finally turned the tables; stole your dreams and paid you with regret.\\"<br />Great stuff.<br />Hey, I know.  It's only an album.  Maybe it's because I spent a similar period of my life like a \\"Desperado\\" -- in a room full of people, yet somehow still alone.  But I think it's a great album.  Nothing the Eagles did before or since can touch it.
B00004ZD69|4.0|I recently bought this album because not only did it recieve amazing reviews in the media but it was put in a class with Sigurros, one of my favorite bands. Although it was not exactly what I expected, and takes a bit of getting used to (like all great music) I must say that it is an excellent album. The only reason I dont give it 5 stars is the lack of lyrics, though I expect that after a running it through my cd player a few more times I probably will give it 5. I reccomend this to anyone who likes music and not mass-produced three minute pop songs. A really good buy.
0790737345|4.0|His name is Seth; he knows neither pain nor fear, hears music in the sunset and is eternal.  Though he lacks the capacity to employ olfactory and physical senses, he knows our world, but is not of it.  And he is but one of many whose presence is manifested in the beautifully lyrical film, \\"City Of Angels,\\" directed by Brad Silberling and starring Nicolas Cage and Meg Ryan.  Seth (Cage) is an angel, one of an infinite number of angels with the singular purpose of presiding over the living; helping with a decision, intervening when necessary and facilitating and easing the moment of transition from life in this world to that of the afterlife.  All of which is established in a poignant opening scene, wonderfully presented, in which Seth appears to a little girl who is about to expire in the ER.  He watches and waits, and when it is time she goes to him, leaving her body behind and, reassured by his benevolent presence, accompanies him as he escorts her to her new place.  It's a moment of sadness and joy combined, and it plays out at a deliberate pace that casts an aura of serenity as Seth quietly addresses the concerns of his ward, explaining that it will be hard for her mother at first, but that eventually she will understand and accept what has happened.  It's a tranquil moment that sets the mood for the entire film, and as the scene ends, with Seth and the little girl walking away, hand in hand, he asks her what it was she liked the best; and as she answers, the scene fades.  A good director will let you know in the first few minutes of a film what to expect from what follows, and Silberling, with this adaptation of Wim Wenders' \\"Wings Of Desire\\" has done just that.  From the opening scene right up to the end, this film maintains a sense of peace, even as it explores the complexities of the modern world and those who dwell therein.  It's a thought-provoking fantasy that examines the nature of angels, but more than that, offers an expanded perspective of the nature of the world in which we live.  Through Seth we must ponder an existence that affords everything, including immortality, yet at the same time denies everything; an existence that affords the essence of love but denies the actual experience of knowing and having real love, as mortals do.  And what of the price one must pay to know that kind of love?  What is one willing to sacrifice?  It's a film that, beyond the romantic aspects of the cohesive storyline, poses questions and considerations about the very nature of the lives we lead, day in and day out; what it all means and where it's taking us.  And about the decisions we must make along the way, and the consequences thereof.  If ever a perfect call was made in casting an actor for a role, it was casting Nicolas Cage as Seth; he has a natural expression that utterly captures the essence of the character, and Silberling uses it to optimum advantage.  Cage fairly implodes into Seth, lending the character a depth that resonates with nuance and emotion.  The subtle restraint he uses serves to ignite an ethereal sense of life, of \\"being,\\" that so succinctly defines his true nature, the benevolence he personifies.  It's a giving, compassionate performance that is truly transporting, and the most significant factor in the success of the film.  Another important factor as well, is Meg Ryan's performance as Dr. Maggie Rice, in whom she imbues a strength that ultimately garners the sympathy through which the necessary connection with the audience is made.  And that connection is a pivotal point, ultimately upon which the overall success of the film depends, and she delivers faultlessly.  In a supporting role, Dennis Franz does a memorable turn as the likeable Nathaniel Messenger, a man with a unique past from whom Seth learns an important lesson.    Rounding out the supporting cast are Andre Braugher (Cassiel), Colm Feore (Jordan), Robin Bartlett (Anne), Joanna Merlin (Teresa), Sarah Dampf (Susan) and Rhonda Dotson (Susan's Mother).  There are a multitude of rewards to be reaped from \\"City Of Angels,\\" among them an uplifting sense of hope and the inner calm derived thereof; but it's something to which you must open yourself up and allow entrance.  It's a film that is both entertaining and enlightening, that will take you to a place rarely visited.  It's the magic of the movies, affording you an experience you should not let pass you by.
B0000039PW|5.0|Biggie Smalls is the best rapper eve and this album has the effects what it tooks to debut as the greatest rapper of all time!!<br />I'm sorry but it needs to be said. Now I'm not talking about best &quot;lyricist&quot;, because first off that term is not the same as best rapper. If your favorite underground rapper is the best &quot;lyricist&quot; than he should be a poet. Being a rapper is much more than that. BIG is the ultimate rapper in my eyes. Maybe Talib Kweli has some deep ass dope ass lyrics, but music is also a form of entertainment... not a form of education. Well actually it can be, but at least make it entertaining. Because in the end keep in mind i gotta listen to that shyt. I dont wanna have to listen to ur stuff and have to decipher it like its code, it gets redundant after a while. <br />But back to the argument, Listen to Bigs TWO albums... those were songs, not just battle like verses. I Love Royce the 59 on Boom, but he cant make a whole album of battle rhymes like that cause it'll get redundant. Big also had that voice for it. You knew it was big, he commanded respect on the MIC with his deep brolik sounding voice. put that with the excellent and orignal delivery, ability to make songs, an image, come controversy, and you have is 1 of the best RAPPERS ever. He was great for rap music, and will leave a bigger mark than any of your favorite rappers... and not because he had a cool hook but because the kid was good at what he did.
B00000163G|1.0|All Eyes on me is a simble of what tupac's style was after getting out of jail and i guess he wanted the anttention from thw world but he didn't impress me with this album cause I've never really was into his music due to the fact that it wasn't that good but that just my opnion and millions others.
B00004Z4SD|5.0|This film had me on the edge of my seat the entire time.  No kidding.  I felt so many different emotions while watching this movie.  I was scared, saddened, enlightened and thrilled all at the same time.  Don't let slow appearance and Disney association fool you.  Richard Farnsworth, struggling with cancer at the time of filming, puts on a superb performance.  He definitely left this world on a high note.  There are no dissappointments in this David Lynch film.
0684853523|4.0|Stephen King has written another non-fiction book. This one is on writing. How it's done, how it works. How he works.  So, how does he do it? It's fair game to think King sold his soul to the devil at the crossroads in return for success after success. It wasn't that easy for King. Success came from flat-out, unrelenting, grinding effort.<br />King is always compelling as a writer of horror fiction. It turns out that the life of a writer has its own horrors, and King doesn't flinch from them. Working in a laundry, boiling maggot-infested sheets might have snuffed out a weaker spirit. It simply fed King's resolve, along with a few of his plots.<br />He comes to this task as teacher with important things to say, and none of it is boring. His message to writers is simple: first read--a lot. Then write--a lot. And do it every day and be honest. It's much harder than it sounds.<br /> King uses the same techniques that keep his readers up too late reading his fiction to involve them in wanting to be good writers. He writes a compelling book about that craft that is less mystery than, at times, drudgery. Using examples from his life, his work, others' work, he shows that there is no magic, no need to sell your soul.  Just do the hard work of writing and do it every day.  <br />So why does King start and close his book with personal stories? Writers, more so than other professions, live their work. Walt Whitman wrote that he went out every day and became what he saw. The personal narrative makes real the middle portion of King's book that describes the writer's tools and how to use them. Without the personal context, the book would be weaker, more pedantic.<br />The book has a few flaws. King is still in love with elipses, and he uses them generously. He spends a lot of time focusing on his wife, but only as a helpmate and never as a novelist. In the section about theme, a good definition with some examples (as he did in other sections) would have made it a bit more clear.<br />As this book, as in others, King knows what he's doing. On Writing is a good read and a great textbook.
B00004W55E|5.0|Without conversation, debate, question or argument Ms. Ferrell is the undeniable vocalist supreme for the new millenium and beyond.  The current offering by Ms. Ferrell is a whirlwind musical tour of her benchmark vocal talent and remarkable writing stylings.  From the first selection proffered by Ms. Ferrell, there is an unequivocal fact made; the CD is purely awesome without question!  Each selection offers an in-depth and personal view into the artist herself.  The entire compilation enthralls the listener from the first riff to the last scat.  The insturments have an almost human like attraction to the voice of Ms. Ferrell.  She has found the ability to blur and fuse her voice with the music.  Each and every cut is unique and a standout on its own merit.  However, the piece de resistance is the last and final cut &quot;I Can Explain&quot;.  The music, lyrics and voice on &quot;I Can Explain&quot; culminate the intensity and reverence that the project is due. There is something new discovered with each repeated listening of the project.  I recommend this current present offered by Ms. Ferrell to anyone who wants to experience musical love making.  There has been no other vocalist, male or female, past or present, that has the &quot;Individuality&quot; that is experienced with Ms. Ferrell.
B00004XONN|4.0|I'm sorry I'm not nearly as intelligent as Thom Yorke. Otherwise I would certainly be able to perceive the beauty of such intimate moments on the album as, say, &quot;Treefingers&quot;. If I ever find myself eager to buy an Aphex Twin album, I'll be sure to do so. It is definitely worth being thoroughly and carefully explored. But I was promised a Radiohead album. That is not to say, however, that I'm too narrow-minded to appreciate the grandeur and magnificence of Radiohead's new material and extoll it accordingly. In fact, I do agree that Radiohead cannot and, in fact, should not go creep anymore. Most of the new material on &quot;Kid A&quot; proves that Radiohead does succeed in any wilderness it ventures to explore. However, the album does have its blunders. Despite its alleged enigmatic landscapes that are said to demand countless immersions to give a proper understanding of their complexity and splendour, they fail to reveal the depth that seemingly much more straightforward 'OK Computer' in fact possessed. It seems that profoundness does not necessarily require the sacrifice of all conventions whatever. Second half of the album, with the exception of the hauntingly brilliant &quot;Idioteque&quot;, proves to be a sad testimony to this fact: music is blatantly drab and unimaginative. Besides lacking &quot;conventional&quot; beauty, the closing half also desparately wants the glorious audacity of the opening tracks, their disturbing, unsettling charm. This impression is bitterly marred by the inconclusiveness of such tracks as &quot;Morning Bell&quot; or &quot;In Limbo&quot;. That is why the overall feeling is that of a bit of a letdown. &quot;Optimistic&quot; sounds a bit out of place - by all standards, it is a typical 'OK Computer' track. All in all, this is a nice record, but not as nice as it clearly could have been.
B000002J1Y|5.0|Wakeman's solo during Starship Trooper is worth the price of admission. And the build up to it... I can't count how many times I've listened to it and I am still amazed. Never fails to bring tears to my eyes.
B00004SZWB|4.0|Love this album!  The songs I keep listening to over and over are &quot;Do Like You&quot;, &quot;Happy Birthday&quot;, and &quot;All I Do&quot;.  All 3 of them with melodies only a musical genius could think up.  Love the fact that he was a big supporter in getting Martin Luther King's birthday to become a national holiday (as Stevie wrote about in the liner notes and also in the great song &quot;Happy Birthday&quot;.  God-given musical talent in Stevie Wonder; that's for sure. Real nice album.
6302759110|1.0|I LOVE DRACULA.  THIS MOVIE DID NO JUSTICE TO THE LEGEND.  WIMONA RYDER WAS GOOD IN THIS ONE, BUT SHE AND GARY OLDMAN COULD NOT SAVE THIS.   IT IS MORE OF A ROMANCE MOVIE THAN HORROR.  IT SEEMED TO DRAG ON FOREVER.  YOU WERE ACTUALLY FIND YOURSELF ROOTING FOR WINONA RYDERS CHARACTER TO STAY WITH DRACULA.  I WAS BORED FROM THE BEGINNING AND WATCHED ONLY TO SEE IF IT WOULD GET BETTER.  TO MY DISAPPOINTMENT IT DIDN'T.  SAVE YOURSELF THE TIME AND AGONY OF NOT WATCHING THIS ONE.
B00003CXFG|3.0|The movie does have nice visuals and the crash of the space ship is done very well.  In fact, the visuals on the planet surface almost make you feel warm.  Unfortunately, all of the tension and action builds to an absolutely absurd and anticlimactic finish.  Too bad even to be categorized as predictable.  I will probably purchase it just so that I can have access to the nice bits but it is lightyears away from much better  horror/scifi such as Event Horizon or Alien.
B00004RFFU|3.0|BRAD PITT AND TOM CRUISE TOGETHER IS PROBABLY THE ONLY REASON TO WATCH THIS MOVIE.  IT WAS BORING AND DRAGGED OUT.  I WOULDN'T EVEN WASTE MY TIME ON IT.  I GAVE IT 3 STARS JUST BECAUSE TOM CRUISE AND BRAD PITT STAR IT IN.  THEY ARE VERY SEXY IN THIS PICTURE BUT THAT ALONE DOESN'T MAKE A GOOD MOVIE.  I HAVE READ THE BOOK AND THINK THAT THIS MOVIE DID IT NO JUSTICE.  IF YOU MUST GET A  ANNE RICE DOSE, STICK TO THE BOOK.  THE MOVIE IS NOT WORTH IT AND DOESN'T GIVE ANNE RICE HER DUE.
B00000BKI4|5.0|While perusing albums in Tower Records, I came across this CD in the listening booth and liked the cover. Not the deepest endorsement, I'm certain.<br />I decided to listen to it...and was blown away. I listened to the entire thing right there, forgetting whatever it was I was initially looking for.  To this day, I still don't recall what that was.<br />The thing that does it for me is the vocals -- it's like a careful ballet danced over a glass surface.  It threatens to break and become grating, but never does, and in its success remains beautiful. mXr=4
0792839218|4.0|I SAW THIS MOVIE A LONG TIME AGO AND IT STILLS SENDS CHILLS DOWN MY SPINE WHEN I THINK OF IT.  I READ THE BOOK FIRST AND THEN SAW THE MOVIE.  IT IS ABOUT A GIRL NAMED IVY WHO IS POSSESSED BY A LITTLE GIRL WHO WAS KILLED IN A CAR ACCIDENT.  THE LITTLE GIRL WAS TRAPPED IN THE BACKSEAT WHEN IT HAPPENED, AND SHE TRIED TO GET OUT BUT COULDN'T.  THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES MADE.  NO GORE, SEX OR SLASHING, JUST A WELL-TOLD STORY.  NO GREAT SPECIAL EFFECTS.  I WILL ADD THIS TO MY COLLECTION.
B000001FS3|5.0|U2 are without doubt the most influential band of the late 80's and 90's. Writing a review for this album is very difficult, because everything good about it has been said so many times before by other reviewers. Bono's voice is very seductive, and has the power to draw the listener into the songs. The lyrics are deep and clever...the music awe-inspiring...&quot;Bullet the Blue Sky&quot; is one of my favourites off the album. It has such depth. But again, that goes for all of the songs. I have quite a few of their albums, and although I love them all, this reamains my firm favourite. One of the most &quot;must have&quot; albums ever.
6305171769|5.0|I AM A HUGE HALLOWEEN FAN.  I HAVE ALL THE VIDEOS, AND THIS IS THE BEST ONE YET.  JAMIE LEE CURTIS IS EXCELLENT IN THIS ONE.  SHE TURNS INTO A LIONESS PROTECTING HER SON AND HIS FRIENDS.  BRINGS YOU BACK TO THE 1ST AND 2ND ONE.  THE OTHERS IN BETWEEN SEEMED TO HAVE LOST THE STORY AND GONE OFF TRACK.  THIS ONE BRINGS IT ALL BACK TOGETHER.  WITHOUT JAIME LEE IT WOULD BE LIKE 3-6.  DEFINETLY A CLASSIC.  AND THE BEST OF THE HALLOWEEN SERIES.  IT STARTS OUT SLOW.  TELLING HOW MICHAEL SISTER HAS GONE ON WITH HER LIFE, AND THEN ITS NON-STOP ACTION AND SLASING, MICHELLE WILLIAMS FROM DAWSON'S CREEK IS GREAT IN THIS MOVIE.  THE WHOLE CAST IS GREAT.  DEFINETLY GET THIS MOVIE IF YOU LIKE THE 1ST AND 2ND.
B00001NFCY|5.0|NICE  GUITARS,   GREAT  VOCAL,  GREAT  LYRICS WHAT  MORE  CAN  I  SAY? JUST  LISTEN IT!!!!
6302814782|3.0|THE MOVIE IS MORE TARGETED TO THE TEENAGER VIEWER.  THE SPECIAL EFFECTS IN THIS ONE ARE VERY GOOD.  WATCHING THE VAMPIRES FLY THROUGH THE AIR.  VAMPIRES ON HARLEY'S?  A NEW TWIST.  THE ENDING IS A SURPRISE WHEN YOU FIND OUT WHO THE RING LEADER OF THIS BLOOD SUCKING CLAN.  IT'S NOT SCARY, IT SHOULD BE IN THE ACTION/COMEDY LIST.  COREY HAIM AND JASON PATRIC ARE BELIEVABLE AS BROTHERS AND THEIR MOTHER IS JUST A DITZ, WHO SHOULDN'T HAVE HAD CHILDREN.  HOW COULD YOU NOT NOTICE THAT YOUR SON IS TURNING INTO A VAMPIRE IS BEYOND ME.  NOT REALLY WORTH THE TIME IF YOUR ARE A HORROR FAN.
0783225857|3.0|I great movie, and had I not read the book beforehand, I would have liked it alot more.<br />It's still a must-see, but just be warned that the book is much better.
6304508611|5.0|THIS IS A GREAT HORROR MOVIE, SISSY SPACEK AS A SHY, TIMID CARRIE IS GREAT.  YOU FEEL SORRY FOR HER THRU THE WHOLE MOVIE, AND SHE GETS HER REVENGE IN THE END.  HELL HATH NO FURY LIKE A WOMEN SCORNED IS THE BEST WAY TO DESCRIBE IT.  HER RELIGIOUS FREAK OF A MOTHER IS GREAT.  SHE THINKS BECAUSE HER CARRIE'S FATHER RAPED HER WHEN THEY WERE TOGETHER AND THE POWER CARRIE HAS IS A SIN AND SHE GOES OVERBOARD REPENTING AND MAKES CARRIE PRAY WITH HER.   AMY IRVING IS EXCELLENT IN THIS MOVIE, SHE TRIES TO BE A FRIEND TO CARRIE WITHOUT LETTING HER POPULAR FRIENDS KNOWING IT.  THE ENDING IS GREAT AND WILL SCARE THE HELL OUT OF YOU.  THIS MOVIE IS WELL MADE AND THE CAST IS SUPERB.  THE SPECIAL EFFECTS ARE GREAT.  THIS IS A MUST SEE MOVIE.
B000002LKF|5.0|Without doubt one of my favourite albums ever. I loved Graceland, but in my opinion this album is even better. The music is so relaxing, it's like it takes you to another place, and no matter how many times I've listened to it it still has this ability. The drums are superb, the lyrics are of typical Simon brilliance and the rest? What can I say. A masterpiece.
0792846338|5.0|KATHY BATES IS EXCELLENT IN THIS MOVIE.  SHE REALLY BRINGS THIS CHARACTER TO LIFE.  JAMES CAAN IS ALSO SUPERB IN THIS MOVIE PLAYING THE TORTURED MYSTERY WRITER. CAAN GOES ON A TRIP TO HELP HIS WRITERS BLOCK AND WINDS UP A GUEST AT KATHY BATES HOME, WHERE SHE IS CLEARLY OBESSED WITH HIM.  SHE DOES THE MOST BIZARRE AND CRUEL THINGS TO KEEP HIM WITH HER.  SHE THINKS THAT HE LOVES HER AS MUCH AS SHE LOVES HIM. AND REALLY GETS TICKED OFF WHEN SHE REALIZES THAT HE DOEN'T THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE.  YOU GOTTA SEE THIS ONE.
B00003CXE7|4.0|This is a sand and sandals gladiator epic with flair and intrigue. The plot is just a little too trite, the picture just a bit too long and the often pretentious dialogue is just so-so but the acting in support, the grand cinematography, the totally enveloping big sound and the magnificent battle staging, along with great computer special effects, all combine to make this one of the best action movies of the year! You get sucked in in spite of its flaws. Crowe is quite good as Maximus but I feel he was better in L.A. Confidential a few years ago. Here he nobly struts around as a killing machine with the right amount of angst and honorable rage.  However, the supporting players really make this movie work. Joaquin Phoenix pouts, sulks, lusts, romps and schemes his way through his juicy role as Commodus, Maximus' evil foil (Academy members take note!). Wthout Phoenix, Crowe would be just another well-built dirty slave waiting to nobly die in the gladiatorial dust. It is true here that the star brings the masses in but the villain actually makes the movie work as entertaining art. Connie Nielson projects just the right air of conniving, jaded  sadness as the Emperor's sister and Maximus' former lover. Oliver Reed as the cynical former gladiator who saves Maximus for the battle pits is convincingly world-weary, waiting for his redemption to come. Richard Harris is also fine in a small but integral part as the failing Roman emperor whose murder by Commodus acts as the catalyst for the subsequent machinations of the main players. Finally, Crowe's adoring gladiator buddies provide excellent redemptive &quot;backup&quot; for him at the proper times later in the picture. I saw this movie for the first time in the big screen theater and I was not all that impressed at that time. It took a second and even a third viewing on my home theater screen to really appreciate the fine work and detail that went into making this a superior entertainment. Comparisons to Kirk Douglas' Spartacus are inevitable. In many ways this picture is better made and has more to say about life, love and honor than even that old classic. Perhaps the extreme budget differential between the two plays a major role in that assessment but the bottom line for the discerning viewer is that this picture can stand alone against the best of its peers and still come out on top as an entertainment with a message. This is enjoyable escapist fare and comes highly recommended!
0792836634|4.0|THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE.  MY KIDS WON'T LET A DOLL STAY IN THEIR ROOMS.  CHUCKY HIMSELF (I KNOW IT'S A DOLL) IS SCARY.  BUT HAS A SICK SENSE OF HUMOR.  KEEPS YOU ON THE EDGE OF YOUR SEAT WITH YOUR FEET PULLED UP.  DEFINETLY A CLASSIC.
6303187064|5.0|It's not everyday that you don't come across unique stars that seem to hit the right chords when it comes to both acting and martial arts combined. . . Brandon Lee on the other hand was one of the very few examples that could pull off these two vital elements: Great humorous acting,incredible martial arts since his father and looks that could rival some todays leading actors (Mel Gibson, Tom Cruise etc).<br />It's extemely sad and fustrating to know that such a young promising talent was justified in such a spectacular way only to be robbed from us at a moment that would have probably placed him amongst some of the best young actors to be reckoned with today.<br />You can understand and feel his refusal to put himself in father's shoes when he was offered the starring role in DRAGON: The Bruce Lee Story.<br />I mean if Brandon Lee was alive today I know one film besides The Crow that he would've justified well: The X-Men. His role of Scott Summers (Cyclops) would have done more than exceeded fans and appreciators' expectations with what he could deliver.<br />For now though we can only imagine what roles would have suited Brandon best. If only you could turn back the hands of time to prevent what happend on that terrible day before it commenced.<br />A true star is gone, but not forgotten...<br />RIP Brandon. We all miss you
0375703764|5.0|\\"House of Leaves\\" is beyond a shadow of a doubt the best novel I have read in the last five years.  It intertwines so many elements, so masterfully, it's hard to know where to begin describing it.  I guess the first comment I make should be: if you like your literature squarely in the mainstream, this is not a book for you.  However, if you're open-minded this novel will not disappoint you.<br />At it's heart, \\"House of Leaves\\" is the journal of a man who is piecing together a manuscript about a movie about a house that is getting bigger on the inside without any external change.  Sound confusing?  It is; but that's what draws you in.  There are so many plot threads (many of them told through footnotes), and so many narrative voices that the reader is constantly being buffeted by \\"perception\\" vs. \\"reality\\".  Within the context of the book you're never really sure what is going on, and you're therefore forced to think about what the novel as a whole, and its component parts, means.  Furthermore, since the novel is supposed to represent an assemblage of manuscripts, there are frequently gaps in the available information, or it is only partially complete.  As a result, I don't think any two people will ever have the same reading of this book, as your imagination is left free to fill in critical gaps, or leave them empty.<br />In terms of categorization, \\"House of Leaves\\" defies it.  I imagine most people would categorize it simply as Literature.  However, it is undeniably one of the scariest books I have ever read.  I wouldn't paint it with the \\"Horror\\" brush, but the explorations of the house's new rooms are among the most intense passages I have ever read.  On the flip side, there are lines in this novel that had me laughing out loud.  Finally, everything about \\"House of Leaves\\" makes you think.  It is definitely a novel that will stay with you for a long time.<br />In the end, what you take out of this book has a lot to do with what you bring to it.  If you approachit with an open mind, and really take the time to think about what you're reading, I guarantee it will leave an indelible impression.  If you aren't committed to trying something new, however, I'd recommend passing on this book.
068484267X|4.0|While this book details the Ireland we are all familiar with...poverty, war, alcohol...Frank McCourt defines every humorous memory which brightens the scene. I admit I wasn't drawn to this book like some good stories. It began very slowly and every member of his family seemed to be dying left and right. However, once I got to the final 150 pages (Frank's teen years), I couldn't put it down. <br />It is disturbing how much control religion has over one's mind; however, seen through the eyes of a child it is entertaining.  <br />Don't expect a close-knit family when you sit down to read this. This is not a family that sticks together. Aside from his father, McCourt's aunt and grandmother are &quot;tight&quot; even when they have a little to spare. However, those in the lane who have less always seem to come through for others in the town which is enlightening. <br />I am still debating whether I want to read the sequel, 'Tis.
6304711891|5.0|By far the best mainstream action film I have ever seen.  I am no action film buff and certainly am no action film watcher by choice (I compromise and watch some occasionally and my boyfriend lives through Martha Stewart), but I absolutely LOVE this movie.<br />It has all your typical elements of a Hollywood, cash cow, cookie cutter movie; former good guy gone wacky for what seems to him an honorable cause, hostages, a seemlessly planned terrorist attack, looks like there's no hope when the trained anti-terrorists get killed, average joe blow saves the day driven by the thought of his pregnant girlfriend.  However, it thankfully skips the atypical action acting element of Arnold, Sylvester, and John Claude and is replaced with a humorous Cage, believeable Harris, and sexy Connery.<br />Admittedly, it has some great action sequences, though I thought the San Fran car chase seen had it's cheesey moments.<br />A-list cast, great action, and memorable writing (I often quote some one-liners from this film), make this movie a definite staple to our DVD collection.
0679879269|5.0|The third installment in Pullman's most recent trilogy does not dissappoint.  I read it like a starved animal, loving every minute of it.  Until I came to the end.  Let me point this out right here and now:  if you are very sentimental, or easily distressed by sad endings - Do Not Read This Book. I am fairly sentimental and this book almost had me crying at the end, and I still get depressed whenever I think about it.  I'm not saying that it was a bad book - I enjoyed it immensely.  But I don't think I'm gona be able to read it again.  It's just too sad.  I'd also like to point out that this book is not that areligious.  Sure, its about a man trying to kill God, but it's an EVIL God.  I am a christain and was able to enjoy it.   So to sum up, this is an excellent book, definetely worth reading.  Just be prepared for a very sad ending.
6305922756|5.0|This is so clever that it hurts. People who dont get this type of comedy are the same people who think Friends is the greatest comedy show ever made. This is comedy for real comedy fans.
B000008H1U|5.0|As with most Tull albums, there is much to notice and discuss.  Different listeners will be struck by the genius of different songs, as the reviews posted here demonstrate.  I want to call attention to &quot;Farm on the Freeway&quot; as one of the best of all Tull songs.  Initially sounding careless and relaxed, it's wonderful the way the song modulates into a rhythmic intensity.  The flute accomplishes much of this mood swing with changes in timbre and timing.  The instrumental section is one of the best examples of -- what history will judge as Tull's enduring contribution to Music -- the combination of a purcussive flute sound with the electric guitar.  It's so delicious, it's like eating chocolate.  On top of this, the lyrics are straightforward and affecting.  Anderson delivers them with exquisite control to invoke feelings of nostalgia, sadness, humor and irony.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I still have many albums on vinyl, my favorite being Hey Jude/The Beatles Again, which is not available on CD.  I bought this when it was first released and am now trying to obtain an import copy on vinyl.  The remixing/remastered sound brings every song back to life.  All of the songs were number 1 hits and are classic Beatles.  The songs sound excellent and this is a must have collection for Beatles fans and those who have not listened to John,Paul,George, and Ringo in a while.
B0000025RI|5.0|Firts things first, Thriller is probably the greatest POP album of all time. But not because it sold 26 million copies in the U.S and 47 million internationaly, not because it spawned 7 Top 10 hits, not for any of those reasons. When did music become about record sales and money figures?? This labum is a classic not because it sold so many copies and had so many hit singles. If the songs were not hit singles, they still would be classics. It's about the music on this CD, first and foremost, nothing else.<br />Thriller was revolutionary in its time. The sounds and styles incoporated on this album were new at the time, a time of  dying disco and underground punk. Thriller succeded in it's ability to trancsend racial barriers. The sounds are neither black, nor white. Which, I believe, is Michael Jackson's fundamental achievemnt in his long career. The ability to transcend racial boundaries. What other artist has done so with such great success?? Whitney Houston?? Prince?? None of them can say that their music had recieved such high praise from both communities. But it just doesn't even boil down to that fact. Thriller was not only huge with whites and african americans, it was popular all around the world. One of the first true international success' ever. <br />Do I even bother talking about the songs on this disc?? I mean, I think they stand pretty much embeded into anyone's mind over the age of, let's say, 18. 'Wana Be Startin' Somethin', 'Thriller', 'Billie Jean', 'Beat It', 'Human Nature'. All classics. <br />However Thriller is not just about the classics. There are a few jems on this CD which were never released, and could have been. 'Baby Be Mine' is a fine Michael Jackson mid-tempo ballad. Not exactly written by him, (Rod Temperton can take that claim) but the music here and Michael's voice were pure early eighties R&amp;B. <br />'The Lady In My Life' is probably Michael's greatest love song. His voice on this one is pure vocal beauty. A great song for a greatartist born in a great time in music.<br />So if you don't all ready have Thriller, buy it because of the music, not because of the fanfare that goes with it. Five out of Five<br />P.S - To the individual who wrote their review on this CD on December 30th, 2000 stating that Michael no longer holds the record because of Santana's 'Supernatural'. What record persay might that be and comparing these two albums is completly frivolous because Thriller is a great album where as Supernatural is simply a compilation disc. Santana with so and so and Santana with so and so...is he not good enough to be by himself?? That album sucks and shuld never have TIED Michaels record for Grammy awards won in one night(8). Peace :)
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|this movie was the poorest made piece of garbage ever. i have nothing against vulgarity or anything but the vulgarity in this movie was used so terribly unfunny. the actors were terrible and couldnt even pull of the poorly written jokes they were supposed to. if your lookin for something funny go buy the south park movie. not this thing. i think i laughed one time when i watched this movie....when it was over! if you have the intelligence of an acorn then you might like this movie, but if you are a normal person then stay away from it.
0316777722|5.0|Sedaris writes with a screwball/everyman/chronic underachiever sensibility which leads to hilarious results. This is a &quot;laugh out loud&quot; funny book! Highly recommended!
B000000H42|5.0|Never would you think that Mercyful Fate could come up with another masterpiece after their debut with &quot;Melissa&quot;, but somehow, they did! &quot;Don't Break the Oath&quot; continues Fate's melodic, thrash, crunching guitar sound, King's growling, melodic and high octave singing, and bass playing never to heard again like this on any Fate or Diamond release. Without this albums' influence, many a heavy metal/garage band/ect would not be around. The album is also mixed incredibly, it really gives a feeling of atmosphere. And the minute keyboard effects certainly help it maintain its creepy and eerie sensation. Too much has been said, and sometimes I feel I can't review it with authority. But being around when it was released, and still finding something new everytime I listen to it, really gives this recording its' immortality in the metal world.  Highly influencial, and undeniably classic metal.
B00004RFCM|4.0|I really like this show but the video quality leaves a lot to be desired.  If you're enough of a fan of the show and the lack of video quality doesn't bother you, this DVD set is nice.  Otherwise, wait for reruns and tape the shows.  If your cable reception is like mine, the video quality will be far better on an SP tape than what you'll find on these DVDs.
B00004LN16|1.0|Feeble attempt to reclaim their 80s notariety.  It is obvious that the band has not progressed to meet the changing tastes of modern society.  In fact, it seems they have regressed.  You can only take so much of the same old stuff.  Be sure to have your finger on the skip button before you sit down to listen to this one.
B000002HMH|5.0|I listened to this album for at least six months before I could truly say that I had heard it all.  Each track has a depth that makes you at first uncertain, but eventually draws you in, leaving you speechless.  It is to deep to be reviewed accurately in one or two listens.  Track seven, Bleeding Me, slow winding and sometimes reminescent of &quot;One&quot; is an eight minute masterpiece I would put up against any other Metallica song to date. I dare compare songs of this nature to Pink Floyd.  Don't forget the last two tracks, Ronnie, and Outlaw Torn.  Songs that you won't ever hear on the radio, but also as powerful as they come.  Don't expect to love this album instantly, I didn't.  But take the time to hear it you won't be let down. smetcalf@ruraltel.net
6301978587|5.0|I love this movie soooooooo much and I think the main reason is because I get so much out of it. When I watch this movie I feel the music and the emotion that comes across so strongly. I feel like I am part of the story.As if I am there with Yentl as she goes through everything that happens to her. I feel very deeply about this movie because I get a lot out of it. I want to be as passionate about life as Yentl is.
B00003CXDV|4.0|If you were never a fan of a campy sci-fi series like Star Trek don't be afraid, I'm pretty sure that you can get just about as much enjoyment out of &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; as those who were. It's about the cast of a defunct sci-fi series still clinging desperately to their only claim to fame. They've become punchlines to the media and each other, until one day a race of aliens who have seen the show and mistaken it for actual historical documents ask them for help dealing with Sarek, a malevolent and powerful alien who has nearly wiped out their race. If you take the historical document mix-up lightly (it's one of those things you just have to go with) you will surely like the movie. &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; is hilarious, and the characters are each delightful and well acted. It spoofs series like Star Trek in all the right ways, without insulting or demeaning the people who enjoyed them or even those who worked on them. I love this movie, and the best part is that it does not cease to be funny or enjoyable after repeated viewings (trust me, I'd know). Highly reccomended!
0790729628|5.0|This movie is a complete experience. I saw this movie for the first time as a 3rd grader (too young) back in 1983, and it is still my favorite. Visually it is flawless - not a &quot;1990's-looks-like-it-was-done-on-a-computer&quot; crap that every studio churns out now. This movie spawned a vision of the future that is now the standard in japanese animation. Ridley Scott is THE most visually- oriented director of our time and this movie is a perfct example of his &quot;look&quot;. Now, there are other great looking sci-fi movies out there (Star Wars), but this movie does not have a simple good vs. bad theme. S.W. was an excellent vision of the future, but for adults it lacks the &quot;grey&quot; areas of human existence. It also lacked adult passions. NOT BLADERUNNER. In this movie, the essence of what it means to be human is questioned, love between a man and a &quot;woman&quot; is explored, and androids wrestle with the idea of death. Humans have wrestled with these matters since the beginning of time, and seeing them projected into humans (and non-humans) in the future are what really make this film work. NOT your typical &quot;guy movie&quot; about the future that focuses on technology - but one that can appeal to both sexes equally. A good choice if you want your girlfriend to watch a sci-fi movie with cool guns, androids, and flying cars. BEAUTIFUL PLOT, BEAUTIFUL LOOK, BEAUTIFUL MOVIE.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|To say that this latest effort by the Fab Four is merely another rehash of previously issued material would be not only unfair, but entirely incorrect.  But even more important than having an incredible piece of groundbreaking musical history all in one place is the fact that The Beatles, and only The Beatles, have the power to wipe out today's prefab, manufactured and fraudulent pop forgetables with the release of already issued material that is 30 years old - and older.  Let's be honest about it - Elvis' death has seen RCA issue and reissue countless theme packages - all of them going nowhere.  The same goes for  Sinatra.  Yet The Beatles still live, and will always live.  They represent pop music when it mattered as well as the days when you didn't have to wait five years for their next album to be issued.<br />Any downsides, you ask?  Several - but when one realizes that there are only 80 minutes of space on a CD, and The Beatles clearly had more than 80 minutes of certifiable #1's - then I guess we should back off and accept the 27 tunes represented.  After reading many reviews, it's obvious that most don't know how many #1's The Beatles had actually achieved, both in Great Britain and the USA.  Truth be known that only two certifable #1's are missing - &quot;Please, Please, Me,&quot; which is a shame as it was their very first #1 ever achieved - and one tune that no one has mentioned - &quot;Nowhere Man,&quot; which achieved #1 status in the USA in late February/early March, 1966.<br />In conclusion, for those who feel that this CD does not go far enough, there can be only one recommendation - purchase The Beatles entire collection - and you know that can't be bad!!!
0440133688|5.0|This novel is a candid often shocking account of a young doctor's year as a resident in a large New York hospital.  The author is a professor at Harvard Medical school and a psychologist.  His experiences provide a great basis for this novel which seems so real it is often difficult to believe it is fiction.   The character development is excellent.  The reader begins to love characters like the sagely &quot;Fat Man&quot; and the other young doctors and hate the bureaucracy that leads the doctors to disillusionment.  Even if you do not really like medicine the book is interesting because it is a study of a unique psychological world.  Shem's story draws the reader evokes powerful emotions.  The story is quick moving and  never dull the resolution is perfect.  This is a masterpiece.  It was so good I went out to buy Shem's other novel &quot;Mount Misery&quot; which was also good but lacked the energy and refinement of &quot;The House of God&quot;
B000002C1V|5.0|I can't remember all of the details, but I was in a weird philosphical discussion with a couple of brain-dead young guys who just 'knew' that they were in tune with what 'supreme' music was all about more than I did (I work in radio and they were constantly trying to show me up) and we soon came across a subject that made a tremendous impact on me (and still does) and proved that these young guys knew a lot more than I gave them credit for.<br />We got onto the subject of Pink Floyd--FINALLY a subject that we agreed on.  But our somewhat shortened 'peace treaty' did not last long.  I felt that 'Dark Side of the Moon' and 'The Wall' were easily the best of Pink Floyd's many great albums--but they insisted, almost to the point of physical contact, that 'Final Cut' was far and away Pink Floyd's TRUE masterpiece.  Since I had never heard it before, and fearing that I would look silly to these young boys, I faked it and 'claimed' that in fact I HAD heard the album, but just did not enjoy it very much.  When I first said that, there was a short time when I feared they actually might hit me.  The didn't (thank heavens) but they did terminate our discussion quickly calling me a 'moron' who wouldn't know good music if it was rammed down my throat.  Fast forward a few years, and I find an old dusty copy of 'Final Cut' in the studio of a radio station I worked at, and figuring that it had been there a while, I checked it out, took it home and decided that I would seriously give it a listen and make an informed decision (finally!).<br />I was truly humbled after just a few minutes.  How STUPID I must have looked to those boys who really HAD known that 'Final Cut' was a true audio masterpiece, on par with anything else in the incredible Pink Floyd pantheon of music.  If you are expecting this to be just a continuation of what you have already heard by Pink Floyd, you might end up being a little disappointed.  One of the amazing facts about Pink Floyd was their ability to produce great music without treading over 'familiar ground' and having us think, 'Gee, that sounds a lot like that 'other' song they did...' no, Pink Floyd re-invented their music ALL the time (LONG before Madonna learned to re-invent herself every other year).  I haven't seen those guys since that day when I argued (from a completely baseless standpoint) that 'Final Cut' just didn't cut it, but if I ever do, I have a confession to make: I was WRONG--and YOU were RIGHT.  This is a worthy addition to the great collection of Floyd's best work.  Highly Recommended.<br />-DJ Jazzy Jeffduce great music without treading over 'familiar ground' and having us think, 'Gee, that sounds a lot like that 'other' song they did...' no, Pink Floyd re-invented their music ALL the time (LONG before Madonna learned to re-invent herself every other year).  I haven't seen those guys since that day when I argued (from a completely baseless standpoint) that 'Final Cut' just didn't cut it, but if I ever do, I have a confession to make: I was WRONG--and YOU were RIGHT.  This is a worthy addition to the great collection of Floyd's best work.  Highly Recommended.<br />-DJ Jazzy Jeff
0790729628|3.0|I honestly thought this movie would be better. Firstly the picture quality is not at all good. Even Jaws has a much better picture. The sound is not so bad...<br />But the big dissapointment was the story. Not very good, very slow and lame. not much action either. I guess that was how they made sci-fi's in those days, right?
B000056N8X|5.0|This movie definately ties the FIRST movie and the entire TV series together.  The writers did a very good job of &quot;re-writing&quot; the movies to make the TV series make more sense.  You just have to see it to know.  If you are a fan of the TV series, this movie makes it all come together.  If you are expecting it to be more of what the original Highlander was, you'll be disappointed. In my opinion, a cult classic was made from a movie that had a definate ending.  The second movie came, then the series, then the third movie.  They had two different tangants that had to come together, and Endgame brings it all together. GOOD JOB!
0875847706|4.0|The Art of Possibility does not offer a quick path to wealth, a leg up on one's fellow humans, or a set of tools for manipulating one's enemies and friends; instead it provides the intellectual means for changing the whole quality of one's life, professional and private. It offers a language and a framework for thinking about oneself in relation to one's life and surroundings, with which one can sweep away the worthless dross of fretting, and envying, and fearing, and achieve that happy potential and unbounded effectfulness that every one of us knows we ultimately possess. If marking a watershed in your life is worth a small amount of effort, and a little bit of abstract thinking, then read this book. (See review below by Donal Wayne Mitchell for more specific information.) I recommend it to you highly.
B00004YYDI|4.0|This title LEON THE PROFESSIONAL has the same character of the anime movie called GOLGO 13 THE PROFESSIONAL,but vise versa personality,but they are the same. LEON The Professional is Presented in a 2.35 Animorphic widescreen,and DOLBY 5.1 Sound. The Widescreen is well done encoded,colors are great and you will see barely any Blooming colors. But this movie is suppose to be wider from the original PROFESSIONAL DVD. Look at the BATHTUB SEEN when Garry Oldman shoots her.Its suppose to be wider.you dont lose any image at all from the top and bottom,but you lose %5 of the left and right. Also The sound lacks Bass,and it contains minor Bass from Eric Serras Music Score.But it does have great discreate sound from rear speakers. The special Features Lacks what DVDs are made for,NO COMMENTERY,NO INTERVIEWS,NO MAKING OF,and No Ommited Scenes. The Features only has 3 Trailers(LEON,THE MESSAGER,THE BIG BLUE.) and also it does have a Poster Gallery.and noting more. But you will enjoy the extra scenes,it made the movie completely diffrent and well done acting from Jean Reno and Natalie Portman. I gave it 4 stars of the lack of features. This movie is an example of how a basic DVD should be.(RULES OF ENGAGEMENT ANY BODIE). And This movie is not a complete Directors Cut,There are scenes like,How did Norman Finds LEON,how Tony got scares on his Face,and theres a Action Sequence cut from the film which this how Leon got shot. But Enjoy,This cut is still worth cause of the Ring Trick.
B00003CX9W|5.0|I will not tell you about the DVD's special features, or any of the impressions I had from the digital capture of the film, or the quality of the sound; I'll tell you a story.<br />This is probably the first memory I have: I was 3 years old. My mother took me to a distant cinema to see my first film show. She told me that it is like a cartoon, but bigger. We entered the theater, sat down, and I was amazed of its size and capacity - though in retrospective it was a rather small theater... But when the lights went off and the film started, it overwhelmed me. The choice of this ultimate masterpiece as my first film ever left me with little choice for my future - I was to become a slave to cinema, animation and music for the rest of my life. These became my most treasured passions ever since. Whenever I picture music, it is forever colored with the magnificence of Disney's genius gift. It changed my life.<br />Yes - and it is a gift to all of us. Thank you, Walt, for showing me beauty, perfection and humility.
B00004XOWM|5.0|i think that this cd is the best because it has all the awsome songs such as rollin,my generation,hot dog,take a look around, rollin with dmx, method man, and redman,full nelson,my way,and livin' it up. I think this is the best cd ever
B000050IMJ|5.0|This movie is the most entertaining movie I have watched in awhile.
B00004R7X5|3.0|...then this is the recording for you.  Unfortunately, those of us who own modern digital systems might find this a disappointing buy.  The Scherezade is gorgeous and passionate and the 1812 is firey, but the 1969 recording lacks the pure highs and the resonant lows that one would expect.  Furthermore, the choir on the 1812 is weak, unbalanced, and stages an ear-tweaking vocal free-for-all.  I would heartily recommend this album to anyone who is looking for a profound Scheherezade, and whose sound system is older than I am.  -Michael Richardson, 21
B00000064G|5.0|Absolutely the most raw, pure album I've ever heard. Drake's layered guitar and soulful voice are music as it should be- an expression of emotions that transcend simple words. His genuine lyrics are a breath of fresh air from the generic mainstream &quot;music&quot; being produced now. It's music to marinate to.
B00000IAU3|4.0|It only took those twenty seconds of music from the theme of Roswell High to catch my ear and set me off on a hunt for the full version. I was wary of buying the full album - too often I've found that the rest of the songs don't live up to the promise. But in this case I was pleasantly surprised. Dido's songs are well crafted affairs with strong choruses and melodies, and given the right marketing many of these could be hits in their own right. Her voice is fantastic too, great range and very powerful when she wants to be. Somewhere between Beth Orton and Jerry Burns with a hint of Dolores O'Riorden (of the Cranberries) thrown in. There's hardly a bad song here.
B0000508U6|5.0|We have perhaps become so used to the angst ridden madness of Radiohead, the drug-induced space journeys of the Verve and Spiritualized, or even the Beatles rip-off meanderings of Oasis, that we have become numb to sentimentality unless it comes from the cliche canned sounds of boy bands and teenage girls dressing like porno stars.<br />Then comes the wonderful sounds of Coldplay.  A well-crafted assemblage of tunes from the UK possesses much of the characteristic existential crises from their contemporaries, yet at the same time they manage to soften the blow with a certain accessibility that refreshes in ints intelligent execution.  Bookended by the somewhat sarcastic yet still sincere words of &quot;Beautiful World&quot; and the mantra of &quot;Everythings Not Lost&quot; at the end, we can feel connected to this band.  There are emotions of loss and even giddyness in love, matched with &quot;Trouble&quot; and the anthem &quot;High Speed&quot; there is a level of honesty that we can empathize with and understand.  There is a journey to take here.  But it is one that we have been on at some point in our lives, not one that we need to translate or puzzle over its meaning.<br />Yet, like their contemporaries, they pull all of this off with the same fluid songwriting and melodic play of guitar melodies that flow like cool water and a warm voice makes us yearn to be in the same smoke-filled pub, getting pissed with a few of our finest friends on a dark and rainy Scottish night.<br />The drawbacks are that the album does not last long enough for us to get even a buzz.  And there is a little clarity lost in the production, like technology got in the way of a very live experience.  But they are not to be faulted for sounding a little rough.  It makes us breathe a sigh of relief that here is a new band writing music that means something to them - that it came from the experience of touring and playing in front of countless audiences before delivering the goods to an over-produced American economy and audience.  But thank God for America that with such fresh recordings as this everthing's not lost...roduced American economy and audience.  But thank God for America that with such fresh recordings as this everthing's not lost...
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie is more than great to be watched and the best way to enjoy it is watching it on a theater or from a DVD. I have watched it several times and fond it interesting each and every time.<br />The DVD not only has the movie tracks, it also contains some additional tracks about the techniques that were used to make the extraordinary scenes. The most important one is the \\"Pullet Time\\" technology which is dedicated to the Matrix
B0000507R2|5.0|The quality of this selection is wonderful.  You can tell the detail they spent in adding Digital Quality and a 5.1 sound aspect.  The song River just lets you sit back and enjoy as if you where in there as Natalie sang it to you in person.  A wonderful balance between forward speaker and rear speaker aspect.  I have owned this CD for about 2 years now and can really tell the difference.<br />System tested on:  AMP: Techincs SA-AX720 PRE AMP/DSP: Technics SH-AC500D DVD: Toshiba SD-2109 CENTER CHANNEL: Yamaha NS-AC2 SUBWOOFER: Velodyne CT100 FRONT SPEAKERS: Bose 501 Lifestyles REAR SPEAKERS: Bose 141 Bookshelves.<br />A MUST Buy for any music FAN!
0385471483|5.0|I found this story so fascinating that I could hardly wait to get home after work every day so I could read more of it.  It has an unusual structure.  The book is divided into 12 chapters, each of which starts with a traditional Mexian recipe.  The memories evoked by the odor or taste of an ingredient lead the narrator to the next stage of the story.  Likewise, events in the story lead to asides where the narrator discusses home remedies, superstitions, other recipes, etc. The plot contains magical elements.  Basically, the story is realistic, but every once in a while something impossible happens.  I realize that this style is not to everyone's taste, so I'm warning you here. On the practical side:  I took two years of Spanish at university, and I was able to read, and enjoy, this book in Spanish.  In fact, it is the first Spanish book I have ever read.  I recommend it to other students of Spanish looking for a good book on which to try out their reading skills.
B000002J1F|5.0|Yes at their best!  Everything about this album is fascinating and exciting - even 20 years later.  Roundabout, South Side of the Sky, Long Distance Runaround, Mood For A Day, the final epic...what is there to say?  Seldom do I want to listen to a complete album in one sitting, but this is a major exception.
B00004ZD69|1.0|these guys have always annoyed me.  sure their show is amazing.  the first two or three times they build and build and build songs into beautiful complex walls of sound patterns are absolutely mesmerizing.  but it becomes a formula when you see them live, by about the fourth song, and it has become formula here on their newest release as well.<br />the godspeed formula:  violin, guitar and cello play a sad, deep and dark chord.  someone plays a repeating line.  then a recording of some bum ranting about the deconstruction of society comes in and loops: OOOO HOW DEEP and PROFOUND!....snore. thanks guys but your tribal-crusty-Neurosis-esque sincerity just comes off as kind of immature and silly.  <br />There's no denying that these guys are the rock equivalent to Koyaniswatsi or however you spell that Phillip Glass scored profound movie about the decay of humanity.  Its just that you don't need to watch that movie more than a couple of times through the years, and you don't need more Godspeed records to make you brood.  Unless, of course, you are goth, in which case you probably JUST CAN'T GET ENOUGH epic, depressing music. I however have had enough, thank you. give me umma gumma era floyd over this any day.
B000001ZS3|5.0|I will put it simply to you...  buy this CD...  when you get it...  put on a headset...  light a candle...  turn off the lights...  and get ready for the best soundtrack that Jean Michel Jarre has ever written!  I got my first introduction into his music at the age of only 14...  and when I got old enough to purchase my own music...  I looked everywhere for it and found only one copy of it in my city!  Now with the internet...  it is available to everyone!  Get yourself a copy of it.  It is a very relaxing but yet such a mysterious CD to listen to.  Does it tell a story thru all 6 parts?  I know the answer and anyone who knows Jean Michel Jarre should know as well...  let your mind wander and let the music take you to a whole new world...  if you close your eyes and relax...  he will paint a very beautiful picture for you.
B000002I4W|5.0|This was released in 1959, the same year as Kind of Blue, &amp; I'd say it's just as good, if not immediately as catchy, but not as intense or farout as next year's phenomenal Free Jazz lp. The 1st thing we hear is the rumbling bass of Charlie Haden to create atmosphere before about 20 seconds in, Ornette &amp; Don Cherry start playing their horns &amp; Lonely Woman, a remarkable ballad, breathes freely. There is a rather serious tone to it. Most of the other tunes are a bit more upbeat. Congeniality seems to sing the title through the sax &amp; trumpet before going off in other directions. There is excitement in the music &amp; though it is of course wholly instrumental, there seems to be the odd shout of &quot;yeahhh!&quot; in the background, that the quartet [Billy Higgins on drums] were really getting into it, knowing that a masterpiece was being created. Having said that though, I haven't heard any Ornette I haven't liked so far [although the classical-type pieces on Town Hall 1962 are certainly different to what I expected]. Focus On Sanity is a huge composition &amp; very fulfilling, it's also well worth checking out the quite different version Don did w/ John Coltrane on THE AVANT-GARDE album [I'll probably be writing the review of that ASAP]. Peace goes for 9 minutes &amp; also seems very big &amp; important, + thoroughly soulful. The liner notes are a good read whilst absorbing the sound. My only complaint is that due to the acoustic nature of the instruments, it's hard to hear the bass &amp; drums sometimes, especially on the sections where the horns stop &amp; you have to turn it up to hear &amp; then they come back &amp; blast yr ears, so if a more unified mix could be made it would be perfection. THE SHAPE OF JAZZ TO COME is amongst the best records [jazz or otherwsie] ever made.
B00003CWTI|2.0|I usually like movies that are a break from the normal boy gets girl or hero saves the day types.  Magnolia is definitely different, and the director's screenplay, ideas, etc. are groundbreaking, but what the movie really lacked was entertainment value.  There were great parallels between characters, such as the former quiz show contestent (Macy) and his younger counterpart, the bible symbolism was interesting, although in my opinion rather pointless, and the whole idea of random occurances linking together was also very interesting.  But that did not save me from looking at the clock every 5 minutes as I desperately waited for this movie to end so I could go to bed and forget that I ever rented this horrible film.  The film's characters were miserable, depressing, ugly, and in my opinion very overacted.  I don't think there was a scene when Julianne Moore's character wasn't crying and cursing profusely.  The movie dragged and dragged, developing a series of sub-plots involving these miserable characters and their miserable lives.  Yes, this was the director's point from an artistic standpoint, but it still made the movie unwatchable.  The &quot;shocking&quot; climactic ending that I was anticipating  would pull all of these subplots together was more ridiculous than ingenius.  Great, the bible says something about frogs in a verse that was referenced throughout the movie, but come on.  Raining frogs in California?  Give me a break.  Once again, I can respect the director's idea, to show how the random events in a series of lives intertwine, but overall I did not enjoy this movie the least bit.  I give the director an A for effort and originality, but I give the movie a big thumbs down.  Original, artistic crap is still crap.  Enough said.<br />-AA
B000002UJQ|5.0|The growth that Radiohead went through musically over the two years between The Bends and OK Computer was enormous. Emerging from their more simplistic outing with The Bends and releasing the extremely complex and electronic dominated OKC surprised everyone. To the average music fan, it exceeds all their other records, providing an easier listen than Kid A yet being more complicated than their previous two efforts.<br />What makes OKC so important in today's music industry is its originality and variety. Chances are, if you don't like the entire album, you'll still like a couple of the songs on it. The commotion-filled tracks like &quot;Airbag&quot; and &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; open the record with a bang, while the heavenly ballads &quot;Lucky&quot;, &quot;Let Down&quot;, and &quot;Karma Police&quot; (to name a few) slow down an otherwise fast paced record. And for the jaded listener, the experimental &quot;Electioneering&quot; should provide enough originality to make an already intelligent album truly brilliant.<br />OK Computer really dominated the music scene in 1997, and it still manages to dominate my CD player today. Its ability to pull your emotions in all sorts of directions and leave you in awe never grows old. Whether you like Radiohead or not, you really owe it to yourself to give into the hype and give this album a listen or two. No CD collection is complete without it.
078401020X|1.0|Picture quality is substandard. It's certainly not worth the retail price... Even freeze-framing and slow-mo-ing Sharon Stone's infamous &quot;beaver&quot; scene gets old after a while.
B000002LR3|5.0|The first time I heard of Primal Scream, I saw their video of &quot;movin' on up&quot; on MTV and liked the &quot;Stonesy-gospel&quot; feel to it so I bought the album and it blew me away.  It was obvious they tried to create a very moving, love-theme album with lots of different high energy, from Stonesy rock to ambient, dub(reggae), pyschedelic, dance(techno), gospel, etc.  It is a very long album, but it flows from one song to the next and it was put together very well.  I think it is the best album of the 90's.  Plus, the Scream has a punk rock attitude which I like, and they are always tryin' to experiment and try something new.  This album is a must have!   ps.  Jagger/Richards wished they have written &quot;damaged,&quot; a great &quot;Stonesy&quot; song.
B0000024SI|5.0|Dylans famous album does not fall into the category of classic albums that do not live up to the hype.  The album is at the same time delicate and furious.  Dylan offers a clear, unabashed collection of folk, blues and rock inspired songs that will make you dance and, more importantly, make you smile.
B000002J1U|5.0|my personal favorite Zep album due to its intimate pieces-That's the Way, Tangerine and Bron Y-Aur Stomp, the first half of the album features trademark Zep bombast and blues.  Immigrant Song, a fairly unique song kicks the door open and is followed by the addictive Friends.  Since I've Been Loving You is an instant classic ending with a crescendoing set of mournful wailings by Plant-great stuff.  Out On the Tiles is trademark Bonham-driven Zeppelin.  As far as Zep albums go, this record lacks a high profile song like Kashmir or Stairway (some would say &quot;thank God), but more tragically, this album lacks a closing song.  Hats off to Roy Harper is a strange, distorted and even annoying song.  I would still contend, however, that III is one of the best rock/blues albums ever.
B000021XS0|2.0|I think that Dream Theater definitely took a step backwards on this disc.  I find nothing impressive and/or unique about this 'concept' album, and I disagree vehemetly with the other reviewers who have elevated DT to god-like status in the progressive rock circuit.  I think they are very, very, talented musicians who all to often let their virtuostic dexterity take away from the music as a whole.  Progressive rock is so much more than long-format songs and odd meters.<br />If you want to see very talented musicians who put the song above the instruments, please check out Spock's Beard and the Flower Kings.<br />I enjoy small portions of the disc, especially Home, but the more I try to 'get into' the music, the more I feel like this has been done, and better (Jethro Tull: Passion Play &amp; Thick as a Brick; Queensryche: Operation Mindcrime, etc...).<br />I'm going out on a limb here, but I think that DT is one of the reasons prog rock doesn't have the popularity it did in the seventies.  When people here things like this, they automatically get turned off.  But I could be wrong, that's just my opinion.  Oh well.
0060977493|5.0|Roy's mastery of metaphor and creativity in wordplay may just be among the best in the English language today. In The God of Small Things she tells a haunting tragedy in hauntingly beautiful prose that borders on poetry. Almost every scene painted itself visibly in my mind, but in particular I find myself dwelling on the OrangedrinkLemondrink Man, and on the airport scene: Ambassadors E. Pelvis and S. Insect; Rahel wrapping herself in the dirty curtain to escape the reeling changes in her life. I'm so impressed by Roy's ability to see a child's-eye view of the world, and it's so easy to believe that Rahel and Estha would assume that &quot;love had been reapportioned.&quot; It's also a remarkable achievement in non-linear storytelling for a first-time novelist.<br />Having said all that, I confess to loving non-linear narrative. If you don't like it, you probably won't think much of this book.<br />Finally, and coincidentally, just before I read The God of Small Things I read Green English, by linguist Loreto Todd. It's a nonfiction book and I won't go into her thesis. But at one point she suggests that some of the best literature of the 20th century comes from countries where one language (usually a colonizing language, as in India, Ireland, New Zealand, numerous African countries...) has overlaid and been adapted to fit an earlier language, pushing the boundaries of expression. This book seems to me to be a prime example of that idea.
0812589041|5.0|I first read this book many years ago when I was but a boy, and I can honestly say that this is the book that turned me into an avid reader.  The book has obvious appeal for younger readers (Ender, and most of the main characters are children of remarkable ability), but it is by no means young adult fiction.  Card uses the childrens point of view to look at humanity in a new and fresh way, in a way that escaped me until later in life.  I've reread the book more times than I care to mention here, and it always provides me with new insights.<br />Probably the most important aspect of the novel is that it just expounds coolness.  The plot is incredible and deftly crafted, the characters ring true and win the reader's heart, and every kid and adult reader wants to go to, or wants have gone to Battle School after reading ENDER'S GAME.<br />I've made many people read this book, and every single one of them has loved it.  So now I'm making you read it, and you'll love it too.
0380730405|5.0|This book was recommended to me several times before I broke down and read it. I am a lover of classic films, yet this is one that I had never seen, for some unknown reason.  A good friend suggested that I read the book to truly enjoy the story to its fullest. And boy, was she right.<br />Although not my usual genre of choice, this is a true classic. The main character, the 'second Mrs. Dewinter' is a simple girl, swept up in a romance with a rich widower while she is on vacation as companion to a pushy, well to do woman. She leaves her employer to marry Max DeWinter, not anticipating all this union entails for her.<br />She is drawn into the shadow of Rebecca, the first Mrs. DeWinter, and fights to measure up, and to retain her sanity in Max and Rebecca's home, Manderley.<br />Not helping matters at all is Mrs. Danvers, a maid of sorts, who was utterly devoted to Rebecca, and bitterly resents the appearance of this plain, uneducated, unrefined girl trying desperately to fill the void left in the house when Rebecca died suddenly, under mysterious circumstances.<br />The second Mrs. DeWinter, never referred to by name, finds herself fighting to find her own place at Manderley, and in Max's heart, as well as seeking the approval of Mrs. Danvers and the other household servants, and Rebecca's friends and relatives, as she slowly comes to the realization that not all was as it seemed with Max and Rebecca, and the grounds of Manderley are the burial place of many secrets, perhaps better left undisturbed.<br />This is a wonderful story, full of colorful and engaging characters, and one of the best of the more 'modern' classics in 1900's literature.
B000002H97|5.0|When you get this cd, you will be amazed, I was, this is what got me into metallica, and everything else, I used to be into pop, and whatever was playing on the radio, then I heard some guys at school talking about how great this was, I picked it up, and never turned on the radio again.  My views on music were changed forever.  But enough of my life's story.     This is Metallica's best, and yes I have heard the one before this, like Puppets, and Justice.  The way the first notes of enter sandman drift out to fil the room, then suddenly switch to a really hard riff, before becomming super heavy, and cool. Then there's Sad But True, which is as dark and brooding as anything KoRn could write (and that's saying a lot)  All the singels are amazing, though any song on this album could be a succesful single.  A song that really grabbed me was Of Wolf and Man, which has a tight-thrashy opening that just beggs to be head banged to, and the rest of the song dosen't dissapoint.  And the solo for Strugle within, alone makes it worth listening to, not that the rest of the song dosen't.  Perfection is what you find in this album.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Trip-hop not catchy enough for ya?  Think Sarah McLachlan is too wishy washy?  Electronica too caffeinated for your senses?  Well then, I've got the perfect CD for you!  It's called &quot;No Angel&quot; by a talented new singer named Dido.  Yes, that's her real name. Her music at times resembles an electronic Enya.  It's slow...but not too slow.  It's folky, but too folky.  It's poppy, but not too poppy.  It's dreamy...but...hey!  You can never have enough dreamy!  Don't get me wrong, I think Sarah McLachlan is very talented, but, I bought one of her CD's and I was bored to pieces.  This CD gives me what I want in a folk/rock singer.  Of course the best song here is &quot;Here With Me&quot;.  I heard it on 120 Minutes and I was hooked!  But the lovely Dido offers other lovely dreamy ambient pop numbers like &quot;Don't Think Of Me&quot;, &quot;All You Want&quot;, the ever popular &quot;Thank You&quot;, and &quot;I'm No Angel&quot;.  Don't get me wrong, it's all good, but, those are the best of the bunch.  Dido's finally getting some recognition!  In fact, you could almost say she's mainstream!  Good gravy!  Something I like is actually popular!  Woah!  Heh heh, well, this review is finito now.  Buy this CD ya pansy!
B000000WFZ|5.0|Haunting melodies, ethnic percussion, dramatic dark moments, all combine to evoke a myriad of emotions for the listener.  The oboe playing is extraordinary.  Highly recommended!!!
B000021Y7X|3.0|I purchased this DVD and had to return it because I thought that it had a manufacturing defect.  The first 4 tracks did not have the audio and video synched.  The second copy of the DVD also was not in synch on the first 4 tracks.  Since all of my other DVD's play perfectly, it seems unlikely that my DVD player is the source of the problem.  I can forgive the bonus tracks being poorly transferred, but I can't forgive the second-rate, bush-league, synching on the first 4 tracks of the movie.  What a let down.  Didn't anybody else have this problem????
0800129806|1.0|By writing this review, I must say Im doing it with the noblest of purposes: to warn you all tho keep well away from this farce, the complete destruction of Arthurian legend in one of the most commercial filsm ever produced by Hollywwod. After saying that, I consider my mission completed.
B00005221L|4.0|Predator is a pretty good film,directed by John McTiernan(Die Hard,The Hunt For Red October).It's got lots of action,and it's pretty exciting.The plot is basically about a group of soldiers,led by Schwarzenegger,in the jungle of Central America,who are hunted and killed one by one by an alien,who can make himself invisible,and is most of the time.The special effects are good,and Alan Silvestri's musical score adds nicely to the film.Of course in the end it's just a one on one showdown between Schwarzenegger and the alien.Guess who wins! Overall,it's a just a very entertaining film.
B00004YWEB|1.0|The worst AC/DC album ever. Its even worst than &quot; FLY ON THE WALL &quot;. When they release the band catalogue, this album is almost forgotten. What went wrong ? SImply, the songs are bad, everything sounds rusty and ninspired. Maybe Malcolm and Angus realized that, and after this drummer Simon Wright left the band, replaced by bald-headed Chris Slade.
B000056JYB|5.0|An interesting fact about Clapton and Blind Faith is that the song &quot;presence of the lord&quot; was written by blind faith.  A common misconception is that Clapton wrote the song.  Steve Winwood and Eric Clapton two musicals geniuses together, before there great successes.  This is a great album for any classic rock enthusiast.  Get this album before it sells out.
B000000H4A|4.0|THis is by far the best King Diamond album. Released in 1986, its a kind of third Mercyful Fate album. In any casse, is much better than the albuns Fate recorded after they regrouped ( &quot; IN THE SHADOWS &quot;, etc ). Its pure metal, King singing over the top ( or screaming, anyway ). Its powerful and one must be in the right mood to listen it from the first to the last track in one shot.
B0000042BZ|5.0|Watching this film-opera of &quot;Rigoletto&quot; gets you the confidence of saying that &quot;Rigoletto&quot; indeed is the best opera ever written. Why? Simply, because, this movie gives you the correct  idea, how deep, dramatic and full of action the story of &quot;Rigoletto&quot; really is. This is the best story ever set to music. This is wellknown fact, but this film gives you more. You simply can not skip any single detail because everything is so obviously and perfectly done. Begining from the prelude and magnificent first act. What a staging. I am really stunned! And the fourth act where drama comes to its conclusion. I think the most amazing about this film is, how redicolous could it sound, acting of Sparafucile, murderer. I knew that Feruccio Furlanetto was great singer but he turned out to be the great actor too. He is so ugly, dirty, dressed in terribly worn clothes and at the same time so real. Second amazing thing is Pavarotti's singing. First time in my life I really have a doubt, that maybe he is better Duce then Alfredo Kraus (but still, I don't think so). Edita Gruberova is excellent Gilda. Her singing is so free, so beautifull, reminding sometimes legendary Renata Scotto. Now Rigoletto - Ingvar is great, but of course not the best Rigoletto. The best is Bastianini. However, as the actor, Ingvar fits the role to perfection, and finally I have to mentioned the outstanding performance from Viena Orchestra and Chorus. Orchestra sounds so perfect. So finally, I want to say that I hate modern productions of an old operas, this is not correct. Opera should be staged as it was originally thought. And this movie gives us idea how  exactly  &quot;Rigoletto&quot; is supposed to be staged. So my suggestion is: get this video, this is must have. Maybe the best film-opera ever made.
1565846117|2.0|It must be said that this review refers to the translation of the Swedish original and there is always a chance that the blame for this rather boring police procedural lies with the translator. It must also be said that the reviewer was prejudiced by his colleagues that likened Henning Mankell to Ian Rankin and Maj Sjowall/Per Wahloo tandem. Actually I still wonder what the heck they were thinking about alleging similarity of all these authors... Mankell (or his translator) lacks the literary prowess of Rankin and his novels fall short of those produced by Sjowall/Wahloo in the same tongue. Having read all of the Beck's series one has to ask himself - would it hurt to dream up a Swedish detective who isn't divorced, recently lost an investigative soulmate and thus largely talking to himself, has a somewhat strained relationships with an adult daugther, and is in somewhat of a dating limbo? And what's with always pissed forensic experts traveling from one crime novel to another? Maybe it's just me but I couldn't help feeling that Kurt Wallander isn't even trying to escape the likely charge of a literary derivative... Plotwise the book is all &quot;sidetracked&quot;; the author in all honesty tries to come up with a page-turner, but there is a fine line between the intricate web of subplots and twists and simply a messy writing. The introduction of a killer perspective early in the book dumpens the suspense and soon after the third murder the only thing the reader is left to ponder upon is the exact fashion the author himself is going to tie up all the loose ends in his plot.
B00004STPT|5.0|I was in the cinema with my younger brother, watching Gladiator. I thought, this is just one of the historical movies with lots of killing, butchering etc. I couldn't imagine that I will be crying at the end of the movie...  the last movie that I was crying about was 'Braveheart' few years ago... The last music theme in the film was so emotive and, mixed with an excellent histrionism of Russel Crowe, mystic. The last song remains me of Enya's 'Exile' song... it is so fantastic. It sounds like 'New Age' labels, like Terry Oldfield, Medwyn Goodall etc... I suggest this soundtrack to everyone that is emotive and tender person...
6304711905|4.0|This is one of the best westerns made.The only flaw is the sound track 2.0 in todays world.All the older good movies from the 60s,70s,80s,and the 90s are in DTS or Dolby Digital why not Tombstone?I hope they rerelease it in 5.1 or DTS or both.Thats my only gripe about the move.I agree with all the reviews except the one with 1 star,dont know what he watched.This is a must see,and is as good as the Wild Bunch.
B000050XEI|5.0|This artist is truly gifted.  I have every one of her recordings and this is yet the best.  The calm almost healing powers of her music is a comfort to the soul and a lift to the sprit. No matter how trying the day may be for you, a listen to these tracks will be a respite from stress. Enya will recenter your mind and refresh your outlook. This work is a must have!
B0000508U6|5.0|In the spirit of Travis's &quot;The Man Who,&quot; &quot;Parachutes&quot; is another mellow well-crafted rock album.  The kicker is, it is actually even better than &quot;The Man Who&quot; in my opinion.  Travis is a good point of reference, but Coldplay have a sound all their own.  Lead singer Chris Martin's voice is arguably more emotion-filled than that of Travis's Fran Healy.  With two successful singles so far, &quot;Shiver&quot; and &quot;Yellow,&quot; the album is getting both critical and commercial success.  My sole complaint is that this 10 track album clocks in at under 42 minutes.  I want more.  Deeply moving, part happy, part somber, all about true emotion (love lost, found, denied, etc).  Musically a gem.  Soars, crawls, and ends before you're ready.  Just the way an album should.
B0000508U6|4.0|Every once in a while a UK band pops up on the heels of other massively successful UK bands and puts out a debut album that mimics the popular UK bands, and while being a decent record in its own right, the band inexplicably becomes massively popular themselves. This happened to The Bluetones in 1996, when their Stone Roses carbon copied sound propelled them to fame; unfortunately, they were never able to put out a successful follow-up, and have sunk back into near-oblivion.<br />Coldplay now find themselves in the same boat. Their sound is nothing new to fans of Radiohead and Travis, with the emphasis on the drowsy delivery similar to that of 'Fake Plastic Trees' with a little Nick Drake droopiness thrown in. Nothing earth-shattering here, but somehow the band is bigger than Oasis as I write this. <br />I had the mp3 of 'Yellow' since August, and it just sat there on my hard drive. An okay tune, but nothing special. After that it kept getting better and better, and when it finally broke on radio in November, it became irresistable. That sums up the album Parachutes as well. After repeated listens, 'Don't Panic' becomes lilting, 'Shiver' is uplifting, 'Sparks' is wonderfully melancholy, 'Trouble' becomes an amazing ballad, and 'Yellow' shimmers, one of the best songs of the 2000.<br />Best of all, right  when Parachutes starts to hint at sleepy-eyed overkill, it ends. I'm a huge fan of short albums, and it's good to see Coldplay knew when to quit: forty-one minutes of lugubriousness is pretty much just right. Coldplay show tons of potential here, and hopefully they can avoid the fate of countless other UK one-album-wonders that were sucked into the void after a fleeting glimpse of fame.
B00004YW6I|4.0|Proving that location is everything, PJ Harvey uses the background of New York City for her new album &quot;Stories...&quot; completely to her advantage.  Lyrically, the album sticks to the title, and almost becomes a narrative of life in the city.  Wordplay and clever lyrics paint pictures of city life, while using imagery of the sea as well.  The music of PJ's new outing is mostly guitar-driven, but the textures of sounds combine to give the listener the ability to become lost in its sound.  Completely absorbing, and more addictive with each listen.  The album includes a duet with Radiohead's Thom Yorke, who sounds more depressed than ever, adding to the emotional element of the disc.  Overall, a very satisfying, well-made album that will hold up over time. A great artist tells the whole story.
B00000IAU3|5.0|As an employee in a major music retail chain, I have to recommend Dido's &quot;No Angel&quot; as THE one CD to purchase from now 'til eternity.  Dido is not my favorite artist, but she does an excellent job of putting well-crafted diversity of emotion on her breakthrough album.  There is a little bit of everything on this album, which makes it great for every possible mood you experience.  Like I said, if you purchase only one cd between now and the time you die, it better be Dido!!!
B000002UAO|5.0|Maybe it's nostalgia, but this is my favorite Beatles album both because it seemed represent a turning point in their development as musicians, and because I've heard it so much. As a 10 year old boy in 1968 I spent many summer days playing Monopoly and listening to this record over and over.  Amazingly, not one song from the album is included in the recent Beatles &quot;#1's&quot; CD.  Perhaps they weren't released as singles.  John Lennon's &quot;In My Life&quot; is my favorite of all the Beatles' releases on any album.  &quot;Drive My Car&quot; and &quot;Nowhere Man&quot; are nice additions to the CD version but I miss Paul's &quot;I've Just Seen a Face&quot;. Enjoy!
B00004WIBW|5.0|Tim Burton is my favorite director.  He is magnificent.  This movie just proves that fact even more.
B00004Z459|5.0|I've had &quot;One Step Closer&quot; stuck in my head since the first day I heard the song. Hybrd Theory is the most polished rap-rock album I have ever heard. There unique sound and lyrics goes strait to the heart, I get chills every time I listen to the album.  So Limp Bizkit &amp; P.O.D., Watch out!!!!! Theres a new band in town!!!!!
6303985467|5.0|This film scared me to death when I was 12 years old and saw it for the first time, and is, to date, my all-time favorite B-horror movie (the only exception being the funniest B-movie ever released and the worst film of all time--&quot;The Creeping Terror&quot;. Everything from the camera angles to the background score was dark and eerie and the final scenes replayed themselves in my nightmares for years. Highly recommended!
B00004STJD|4.0|Do you want be happy 80 minutes? This movie is a big amusement.<br />Ok, this is not a movie, but a theatre work; ok, we can be afraid to be again guest of somebody; ok, it's not usual, nowadays, show a stupid man in this way...<br />But who is the victim, really? The poor idiot or the \\"normal\\"?<br />When we think about stupidity usually we remember some stupid actions, probably by almost normal person. This is a dangerous error!<br />We have to remember that the real idiot is a perfect entity, nobody can defend himself against a real idiot. He is strong, always euphoric, determined, never tired, never resting, and the worst thin you can find is when the real idiot  decides to help you!<br />Jacques Villeret is a wonderful Francois Pignon, the idiot; the script of this movie makes him like a real Emperor, in his speciality.<br />At last, you will understand and forgive Brochant, the man who has invited Pignon at the \\"dinner of idiots\\", because Pignon destroys definitively his life only in an hour and some minutes.
B00003CWTI|1.0|The only thing as painfull as sitting through this three hour plus self indulgent  nightmare, is enduring the  &quot;Magnolia diary&quot;.  If you insist on torturing yourself by watching this movie, rent the video.  The special &quot;features&quot; of the DVD are just another exercise in tedium.
B00004Y7SF|1.0|I cannot begin to describe how dreadful this &quot;Christmas&quot; cd is. First of all, if you are looking for your standard Christmas songs, don't look here. Up tempo, thumping rhythms, r&amp;b wannabes, you get the picture? Second, Ms. Aguilera's singing is simply atrocious. She tries to get as many syllables out of a word that she can, and she whines, wails, and screams in the process. I defy anyone to find any Christmas cheer or spirit in this music. And finally, I can think of only one other diva who could have probably done a worse job, and that is Christina's obvious idol Mariah Carey.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Limp Bizkit are my fav band in da whole world. I don't knowabout U guys, but Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water is thier best album yet. I like all the tracks from this album.  I'm saying this cuz the Three Dollar bill, Yall$ all sound almost the same exsept for &quot;Faith&quot;. Plust I'm not into really heavy music, because &quot;Three Dollar bill, Yall$&quot; Basicly a Hard Rock Album, Unlike the other 2 albums whick are Rap-Rock. But Significant other is a good album as well I love that album as well and i used to listen to it all the time but i need new stuff by limp Bizkit.If u haven't got &quot;Significant other&quot; or &quot;Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water&quot; yet, I sejest u get &quot;Significant other&quot; first.
0060975768|4.0|There has been an explosion of books recently about the Vietnam War and its history. THese books range from those focusing on personal experiences in and out of combat, and books that have brought forth reinterpretations of the war's causes, effects, and our failures there, and even of the Vietnamese's impressions of the war and its effects on their country. As the United States has opened its archives, so have China, Vietnam, the Soviet Union and other players in the war. Many assumptions about the war's legacy and impact on world history and politics are changing. But despite all the new information, the grim realities of combat rarely change, and this book is among the best at graphically portraying life in a combat zone.  THe Battle of Ia Drang, one of the first significant engagements of the War between US and North Vietnamese troops, was one of the first indications that the enemy was determined, well-prepared and every bit as brave as our own troops, despite their significant disadvantage in firepower. Though we won the battle in terms of the body count, the Vietnamese learned they could stand face to face with American troops and inflict grave harm. It was a lesson for both sides. American military strategists and General WEstmoreland based their attrition strategy on this early encounter and the heavy kill ratio in our favor. The authors of the book give an almost minute by minute account of the details of the battle, naming the wounded, the dead and following many individual acts of bravery and courage. At the end of the book the authors also account for what happens to the soldiers after the war, and in the beginning of the book they list those who died. Its a heart wrenching, emotional account of warfare at its most basic level, and few can read the book  and maintain any emotional distance. Those of you who are looking for something more than a gory and bloody reenactment of the battle and its longlasting effects on the men and their families are reading the wrong book though. Its not a history book on Vietnam. THough the authors (a former Colonel and a career war reporter) clearly have some thoughts about went went wrong there, they focus mainly on the battle itself and the men who fought in it. Among their criticisms of the conduct of the war are: the miltary policy of letting soldiers leave after one year of service, thus denying the military the ability to retain men of experience, the sending in of combat units with shortages of men and supplies, and the failure of the government to allow the troops to pursue retreating enemy soldiers as would normally be dictated by miltary strategy. THese things did happen, and no one who reads this book can question the bravery of American soldiers, or the Vietnamese for that matter, who's side is often told in this book. HOwever, history has shown that remedying these matters would likely have done little to change the outcome of the war. It was the wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time. Many military men (including the authors of this book) still seem unable to conceive of that. THe war was a civil war and cultural revolution we should have stayed out of. Its clear that the military was unable to think beyond military terms. So while this book is among the best at describing the harsh realities of combat, its certainly not one of the most significant books to come out of the Vietnam War, despite the words of Colonel David Hackworth (the most decorated living American soldier) on the cover. Its one of the best books on what war is really like, and its also a living testament to those who fought there, but if you want to understand the Vietnam war and the folly of our involvement, read something else. One other note worth mentioning, as one might expect of a book written by military types, the book, in many ways glorifies the sacrifices of those who died there, and at times, even glorifies the realities of combat. Its done in a subtle way, but its quite a contrastfrom other books such as  A Rumor of War by Philip Caputo or Dispatches by MIchael Herr. There is no questioning of why they were there or what they were doing. Clearly they were good soldiers, but the book would have been even better if it had taken a critical look at what happend. BUt again, that is not its purpose and one must respect the authors for what it is the book does do. A must for war historians and those who want to know what war is like.
B000003TAN|5.0|delicious, just wish i was a little older, that way i would've actually been their to hear this when it first came out. if we've learned anything from sonic youth, it's how to be experimental, and how to not make sense.  probably one ov the koolest albums i have in my collection, if not the koolest.<br />while others would point that the best track, or, the best cover on this album is their version ov &quot;into the groove&quot; by Madonna, i'd have to stick with kim's rendition ov, &quot;addicted to love&quot; reasons? 1.i love kim's voice 2. robert palmer is much more ov a cheesebeall then madonna, making this cover even more funny 3.i think kim's just doing kareoke, which makes this recording even more special.<br />i love it.
B00004RFCM|5.0|I couldn't stop watching these episodes! The show is hilarious, and I can't wait to catch up on the 2nd and 3rd season when they come out on DVD!
0062502182|5.0|Paulo Coelho's \\"The Alchemist\\" begins his allegory (it's religious in nature)/fable (it teaches a lesson and animals do some of the talking!) in a strong Hemingwayesque fashion:  short, choppy, easy-to-read sentences and easy vocabulary (also set in Spain!).  It is the tale of a young Andalusian shepherd boy who decides to do something about his fate, his destiny.  He has his future told in a local village, after he becomes agitated over a recurring dream.  He is told that he is destined to find a great treasure--in the Pyramids of Egypt.  Shortly thereafter, he meets \\"an old king\\" who gives him added impetus to find this treasure.  He sells his sheep and heads for Tangiers, assuming that since it is in Africa, it must be close to the Pyramids!  Every day, every mile teaches young Santiago lessons, lessons about life, about love, about destiny.  His odyssey may be on sand (through the desert) but it is filled with almost as many distractions and lessons as Odysseus ever found--and it took Odysseus 20 years to make his trip to Troy and back!).  Coelho's insightfulness is quite to the point.  \\"It's the possibility of  having a dream come true that makes life interesting,\\" Santiago muses early on in the book.  And Santiago learns the lessons of his life to enable him to find his treasure. A good read--one that isn't drawn out forever (only 177 pages!). (Billyjhobbs@tyler.net)
B00004Z4WQ|3.0|I'm hardly a fan of bathroom humour in general and watched this movie expecting to sneer at it.  But I ended up enjoying it.  Quite a bit.  It's actually nice to see a movie that's not only totally bonkers and completely no-holds-barred in its crude humour, but also has no pretenses whatsoever to being anything greater -- and therein lies the charm of Scary Movie.<br />The best thing about this movie is newcomer Anna Faris.  Despite the presence of comedy stalwarts like the Wayans brothers and Shannon Elizabeth (Dish Dogs, American Pie), Faris easily walks off with the movie with her Katie Holmes impression.  By taking some of the more outrageous gags seriously, Faris makes funny gags even funnier, and every time her arrow-straight treatment of scenes metamorphoses into an absurd gag, the contrast is delicious.<br />Most importantly, Scary Movie treats its own absurdity with a grain of salt.  Absurdity is an overused device, and many an indie film has sunk to the bottom because of self-importance and a holier-than-thou &quot;hip&quot; factor.  Scary Movie never tries to make any grand statements, and instead of trying to pretend to be a satire (eg. South Park), it is content to remain a parody and therefore is easier to warm to.  It realizes that nothing this heavyhanded can be truly satirical and succeeds by keeping its ambitions small.<br />My one objection lies in the amount of violence against women.  I have to admit, the funniest scene for me is the &quot;I'll kill you myself&quot; scene, but it gets to be a bit much.  Was it really necessary to see the broken leg, for example?  Or the garage-door gag, which isn't even all that funny?  Violence against women is a motif in slasher films, but in a comedy like this, too much of it adds an unpleasant tone.<br />The DVD edition, aside from the ability to select chapters, really doesn't carry much unless you have a DVD-ROM.  I don't, so I'm relegated to just one short, fairly obvious documentary about the concept ofthe movie (not great, though not bad), and some deleted scenes.  One of these is terrific, but I can't help thinking this DVD edition a little short on bonus material.  Perhaps the bulk of it is in the DVD-ROM -- still, couldn't they have let us DVD-player owners in on it?
B00004RFCM|5.0|This is so unbelievably honest and straight to the point. Raw but true and not always &quot;happy&quot; like everything else. Its a slice of real life. LOVE IT. NEED THE SECOND SEASON SOON.
B00000064G|5.0|I have to admit I was skeptical about this.  28 minutes of a soft voice and acoustical guitar?  Oh come on, there must be a thousand albums like that from unknown artists.  In no way was I prepared to buy into the whole Nick Drake legend thang.<br />But . . . it's really, really good.  After one listen I couldn't get it out of my head.  It's so skeletal it's hardly there, yet there's something extraordinary about it.  Check it out.
6301966988|4.0|If you are a romantic with good humor and like a love story with a bit of a twist then you will love this movie.
B00000BIBQ|4.0|This was recorded at Abbey Road at the same ime that St Pepper and Piper at the gates of Dawn were recorded. The other ones became famous. Although this is easily the worst of the three this is not saying much: this is an essential album of the 60's psychedelical era. It's the first real concept album (and as such more real that St Pepper which is a concept album through editing and segueing). Nice story, some great songs and, in new mix, great sound.
B000001FI7|5.0|The mellow beats and trip-hop style will actually draw you into a dark world of the film noir genre. The CD was a well worth purchase. We all have a certain album which we never grow tired of time and time again, and Portishead's Dummy is not an exception. EVERY song on the album is excellent if you just wanna sit back, curl up, read a book, or &quot;mellow out&quot; with your buddies. You have to listen to it to believe me.
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|This is one of the most incredible CD's I have ever listened to. The music is captivating, exciting, sad, tense and enjoyable all at the same time. I can't get it out of my head. If you saw the movie, you should definetly buy this, I don't know how you couldn't. If you haven't seen the movie, buy it and you will be in the movie theater a week afterwards. The Kronos Quartet adds the incredibly volatile sound of violins to Clint Mansell's incredible blend of tweaked out beats. This is one of the best CD's I have ever purchased, the movie was probably the best I have ever seen, and I bought the book and hope to have a chance to read it soon. If you liked the movie or if you just want to hear some incredible instrumental music, buy this CD. It has no lyrics, the only lyrics are the ones that you hear in your head if you've already seen the movie, because it causes a vivid picture of each scene to rise up within your mind. It progress from foreshadowing, lighter music(Summer) to very heavy, powerful music( fall, winter, etc.). Definetly worth the money, go for it.
B000001Y5J|3.0|For NIN standards this is a three but compared to any other band this is a five.  This is easily the angriest c.d I've ever heard.  Trent definetly knows how to turn feelings into sounds and lets you know where he's coming from and what he's talking about.  Although this disc is good and the sounds are still fresh, I consider this to be a slump in creativity and sound.  When compared to any of the albums, &quot;Pretty Hate Machine&quot;,&quot;The Downward Spiral&quot;, or &quot;The Fragile&quot; it just doesn't hold up.  Not to say that this is a bad c.d, I'd play this over any other c.d I have that's not by NIN but by NIN standards I just don't think it's up to par.  Still when I'm in the mood for and angry album this is the first one I reach for.
B000050XEI|5.0|It's been a long wait for her album but, in my estimation, worth it.  Enya is back at the top of her form.  Everything that I fell in love to begin with is here once again.  It's another album that I can listen to over and again (much to my wife's chagrin).  Perhaps it's the familiar opening piano solo reminiscent of Watermark which opens the album, but I feel that it is much more than that.  To me, it is a continuation of a body of work that is near perfect.  She soothes my soul and bathes me in comfort...
B000002LIX|5.0|Amongst all the albums I place in my desert island collection, this one gets top three status for many different reasons.  First and foremost, it was the last truly creative concept album ever made, and the only one in the '90s.  But is it any good?  Please continue...<br />Most Jane's fanatics will say Nothing's Shocking is a better album, and that's mostly because it hit a lot harder, and because it was totally fresh, especially coming out in '88 when it did.  It was a totally new hit to the body, and the best thing to come out of L.A. since X.<br />But this one, we all fell in love with; it was that kind of album.  I initially loved side one; the dervish-like 'Stop' and the heavy bombast of 'Obvious' (and of course the best funk-up of '90--&quot;Been Caught Stealing&quot;), and I thought side two was a bit twee.  Almost ten years after the fact, I realize the whole thing was exactly like the last cut:  A Classic Girl.  You may move on to other things, other women, etc.  But there's one in your memory that doesn't stop shining.<br />You almost can't even rate this album, it was that affecting.  Although I favour the B-Sides more these days, it's still as seamless as ever, and &quot;Three Days&quot; brings down the house every time.  Even after a thousand listens, there's nothing else that compares to it, then or now.<br />Years later, the pseudo-reunion still leaves a bad taste in my mouth--Perry couldn't have done better than splitting the band up when he did originally, but this music hasn't suffered because of it.  20 years from now, it'll still be playing in my headphones.
0792101448|5.0|Okay, so you've seen tons of movies already - forget that! This is the one to watch. We can only hope that someone decides to bring out this MASTERPIECE on DVD as soon as pos... And in it's original form. It's that good!
B00004TL21|5.0|But who really cares.  While there are no songs that come even close to the raw power of the vocals on Adrenaline, or the scorching riffs of Around the Fur, the Deftones still manage to capture your intrests with White Pony.  They manage to make your ears tingle, but not by screaming right into them. Instead they surprise you with the sheer brutality of the meanaing in the lyrics, and the surprise you get from the songs on the album.  Digital Bath is tied for my favourite Deftones song.  Up there with 7 Words, and My Own Summer(Shove It), even thought it is in no way the same.  While the other two were sheer power, this song has awesome guitar, and vocals, and is really beautiful.  The other songs on the album are a mish mash of this and that.  From some heavier ones like Elite, Street Carp, and Feiticeira, and some softer, more melodic songs.  Like Change(In the House of Flys), Knife Prty, Teenager, and Passenger.  All in all, even thought this CD os weak, it still kicks major ass against most other CD's along the line of this band.
0140177396|3.0|The book of mice and men was a very good book, but it was not one of the best I have read.  It was way to slow-paced and to short.  I would recommend it to other kids our age, especially those studying the depression.  This book is probably believable for the time frame, but since it is written like a play it can get very confusing in the long dialogue scenes.  This book has a lot of great symbolisms but that alone does not make a good book.  You would be better of checking this out from a library then buying it.
B00004STPT|5.0|First of all, I'd like to state that Gladiator's soundtrack CD is the third one I've cautiously bought in my life (the others were Matrix and X-files: Fight the Future, I'd rate them 3 of 10: 3 good themes, rest - garbage). <br />Second, English is not my native language, that's why it's beyond my linguistic capabilities to express the whirlwind of emotions sweeping over you while listening to this majestic symphony. It's Music for All Times from a Movie for All Times: it lets your imagination roam and your pulse race, scenes and images from the movie (that you've all, hopefully, seen, except only if you're blind or from Mars) flickering in the subconscious. <br />Although my personal favorites are wall-shattering breath-taking &quot;The Battle&quot; and &quot;Barbarian Horde&quot; (much heard in the movie), slower, macabre and ominous &quot;The Might of Rome&quot; and &quot;Am I Not Merciful&quot;, as well as hymns to human honor and valor &quot;Progeny&quot; and &quot;Honor Him&quot; are gems of this album. <br />To spare more talks (for music must be heard, and only afterwards discussed) I'd advise you not to listen to the CD without seeing the movie: it'd mean to deprive oneself of double pleasure - these two go together. I think it'll take a while for such a harmonious movie/soundtrack combination to appear that can equal Gladiator's.  This CD proves again that music is the highest art to move a human heart. Mine has been shattered...
B00004ZAV3|5.0|im a huge beatles fan. i dont see why fans are complaing about this cd. i loved it i listed to it numerous times since i got it for xmas.sure some fave song are over looked but you can awlays find thme on the oringanl albums.i love this cd it could make a non fan a fan.
6305508550|4.0|The Film:<br />Mike Judge is a genius.  Using a number of relative unknowns he spends 2 hours skewering the people and situations all of us cubicle-dwellers hate at work.  While sometimes slightly uneven in composition, it remains a bravura comedy that'll keep you laughing through to the end.<br />Peter Gibbons (Livingston) hates his job at Initech, so much so that each day there feels worse than the day before.  But when a botched-up hypnotism session leaves him unworried about his job and other cares Peter feels free to throw caution to the wind, deciding to stop coming in to work.  He's amazed to find that instead of getting fired he's getting promoted while his hard-working friends (Ajay Naidu &amp; David Herman, in the best buddy-buddy supporting actor performances of 1999) are getting downsized.  They together decide to rip off the company, and hilarity insues.  While the idea of playing into all of our hate of the foibles of the office workplace seems like a 1-note tune, Judge's writing and directing keeps a brisk pace and provides enough insight and analysis of why we despise these things and how they could be better that it never feels that way.<br />Look for Stephen Root as Milton, by far the most hilarious character, stealing every scene he's in.  Close behind is Gary Cole as Bill Lumbergh, about the slimiest weasel of a boss I could have imagined.  Jennifer Aniston, while not bad, could have been replaced by virtually anyone else in the part who would have done as well with Judge's writing.<br />The DVD &amp; Technical aspects:<br />While the sound seems a little harsh and the color tones and cinematography may be a little inconsistent, these look like problems related to the movie's production, not the printing of the DVD itself.  Chalk it up to the fact that it's a low, low-budget comedy - if you've seen enough films you'll see this has slightly sub-par production values in general.  The menu is interestingly designed, the only real extra is the preview trailer.  The movie may be in Dolby 5.1, but it's a dialogue-based office comedy so as you imagine it doesn't use much of its capabilities to provide sense of place.
1891252089|5.0|Very detailed.  A great get in shape book.  A wonderfully relaxing type of yoga.
0553106635|5.0|I have been an ardent consumer of fantasy literature for 25 years or more and through those years I have reveled in the experience of a good read, a ripping good yarn, a can't put it down until it's finished experience. Until recently that is! The last few years that enjoyment has all too infrequent and much of what is out there is all too easy to put down. Jordan is the obvious if some what belaboured example. But in this desert of screaming mediocrity there are a few glints of hope, Goodkind for one, Farland is another and then theres George. One thing I learned on a recent historical tour of England was that there was very little that was noble about the nobility, rather it was a snakepit rife with greed and treachery and Song of ice and fire reflects this reality as well as anything I have ever read. The third in this series offers great twists and turns, betrayal, deception, murder, great battles, and enough surprises to keep even the most insightful reader guessing.<br />Unlike the ersatz, fuzzy, bland, &quot;everyone live happily ever after&quot;, pablum of the Eddings, A Song of Ice and Fire is the blueprint for future fantasy writers on how it should be done.
B00004WIBW|5.0|Tim Burton has proven you can take a classic story, give it new twists, and still maintain the flavor of the original.  This is a wonderfully filmed and acted spook and laugh fest!  Johnny Depp is perfect as Ichabod Crane, and the supporting cast is outstanding all the way around.  Even Caspier van Dien shows a little finesse (which is unusual for him!).  The British actors, especially Miranda Richardson, Michael Gambon and Richard Griffiths, not to mention horror veteran Michael Gough, are all outstanding and lend the most effective creepiness to this lushly filmed epic.  The casting of Christopher Walken as the Horsemen was inspired; did anyone catch an unbilled Martin Landau as the first victim?<br />A wonderful movie, we highly recommend.
B00000JCB2|2.0|well..................... i used to think it was good. I gave it 2 stars because i like 2 songs-break stuff and rearranged well this is what happends when you go mainstream. Break stuff will remain one of my favroite songs though
0060930187|5.0|After reading the biography of Pulitzer Prize winning poetess Anne Sexton of Newton, Massachusetts who committed suicide in 1974, I was gripped by the genuineness as well as the frank simplicity of The Bell Jar. In the Sexton biography - written by Diane Wood Middlebrook - there is a biographical passage on page 107 where, at the Ritz Hotel, Sylvia Plath and Anne Sexton are having martinis and discussing suicide: &quot;Often, very often, Sylvia and I would talk at length about our first suicides; at length, in detail, and in depth between the free potato chips. Suicide is, after all, the opposite of the poem. Sylvia and I often talked opposites. We talked death with burned-up intensity, both of us drawn to it like moths to an electric light bulb. Sucking on it!&quot; One can only imagine the two grand dames of poetry confessing and professing to one another how they attempted it and would vow to do it successfully the next time around. I gather in the interim of their morbid discourse, Plath's haunting (if that is an approropriate word) statements as well as Anne's invoked within one another feelings of invidious, pressing desire for their own quiet world, a world not burdened by day-to-day realities. The Bell Jar, however, is not a literary biography in the true defination. Rather, it is a fictional memoir in the same element to that of Fredrick Exley's A Fan's Notes, but it is written in the similar stlye to that of her literary compatriot J.D. Salinger and his semi-acidulous novels. In it, we have Esther (Plath), a very endowed, intelligent young woman who wins a summer position as an editor/writer for a New York magazine; after that job, things begin to slide, mentally, for Esther. She is more than  bright (Plath herself received a Fulbright Scholarship to Cambridge University), but there is a strong percolating aura that everything around Esther is too run-of-the-mill for her unique and unquiet mind. And when the mind is unique, restless and sickly, those become the proper ingredients for what Esther suffers and endures - a depression that goes beyond fatalism. With a rejection to a writing course and a lack of sincere understanding, she spirals downward to her mental breakdown, her bell jar firmly encapsulating her in the realm of madness. Her options for a cure are worse then the disease itself: electrical shock therapy, incarceration to a mental hospital, psychiatrists, attempted suffocation, warm water and a Gillette blade, and lastly and perhaps more potently, a lack of understaing of what she was going through. This isn't a novel that says, Pity me! It says, Undersatnd me! This is who I am! This is what I am going through! This is what I am seeing! This is how I am feeling! When the mind is inundated with the horrors of truths and medical misunderstandings, the chosen path can lead a person to a place he/she can never return from. Perhaps, in some ways, a lot more smaller to Sylvia's and Anne's, all of humanity lives in a bell jar.
6301966015|5.0|&quot;Blow Up&quot; is a very interesting film that gives way to many interpretations.  David Hemmings is very hip and charming, smokes weed, and makes out with young models (hmmm does this film objectify women?) and seems very happy with his self absorbed life. He drives around in a convertible and buys a WWII propeller for unclear reasons.  I think that Hemmings is the ultimate hedonist,  rather than search for the truth, he would rather pursue the physical pleasures he can extort from Vanessa Redgrave. This film shows us his moment to change, The universe is extending to him, the opportunity to &quot;do the right thing&quot; to be benevolent, to take action.  But ultimately, it is simply too much work and what is morally right cannot compete with the pleasures of drugs and sex.  He throws the tennis ball back to the mimes,  he's not the one to change things.  I really like this film, with its 60s hairstyles and clothes, and its great cinematography.  It is really entertaining and a great film to watch multiple times.
0140177396|1.0|During the first chapter of the book. It hooks you right away. From the moment the characters arrive at the barn it declines. If you have ever seen &quot;Pinky and the Brain&quot; these are the characters. Except Lennie is more stupid than Pinky! My two year old cousin has more common sense than Lennie. The book is highly illogical.
B00004XOWM|3.0|not the best cd ive ever herd. Well they have some great rock songs on here (my gen, rollin, full nelson) but there is also rap (the  rap version of rolling WHAT WERE THEY THINKING and get your groove on) abd then theres just some slow boring songs(one). If only every song could be like full nelson........... at least its improvement.
B000051ZST|5.0|DON'T let the &quot;Un-Rated&quot; bit fool you. I did'nt notice any difference to the theatrical version except of course the interactive DVD menu with deleted scenes and a behind the scenes with Tom Green bit. I ordered this DVD because I loved the movie, and because I love Tom Green. It takes something extremely funny to make me laugh when watching TV, or a movie. When I went to see it in the theatre, my gut hurt from laughing so hard. When I got the DVD, I laughed just as hard watching it the 2nd time. OWN IT!!
0887307396|5.0|Built to Last is the result of six years of rigourous research through Stanford University. This makes it more than your usual guru book urging you to 'blow up the place - be a revolutionary'.<br />It is an inspiring read for executives wanting very specific ideas on how to make their strategy stronger.  It shows how not to rely on one Vision speech a year, or just your fantastic technology or your culture or having a great strategy.  Picasso said that the thousands of small dabs of colour make up the whole masterpiece.  This book shows how that also applies in creating a business that lasts beyond your leadership - its all the small steps.   Built to Last gives you those steps. It is for anyone who wants to be a leader.  It is for any good leader wanting to be better. It is easy to read, with strong examples that are just as relevant since it was first published in 1994.
0399146253|3.0|The writing is good....no question about Ms Cornwell's gift for words, but her main character  is so self-indulgent. so full of rage, do  prideful of her &quot;space&quot;,so absorbed in her power that the reader becomes super-saturated with Kay! The last few Scarpetta books have leaned this way so I wonder if Ms Cornwell has written herself into the story. If so, I dislike her as well as her main character. I would suggest that she toss out Bently, Lucy, and especially, Marino, in any future stories. How about some just plain likeable characters?
0679721037|4.0|On August sixth, 1945, an atom bomb dropped over Hiroshima, Japan, killed 100,000 Japanese people, and left a dent in the lives of many, but six especially.  When Miss Toshinki Sasaki, Dr. Masakazu Fujii, Mrs. Hatsuyo Nakamura, Father Wilhelm Kleinsorge, Dr. Terufumi Sasaki, and the Reverend Mr. Kiyoshi Tanimoto heard the blast, their lives changed forever.  John Hersey did not know what kind of impact his best seller Hiroshima would be.  An impact so hard, that if left a mark in many book readers as big as the bomb to Hirsoshima.  I felt the deep meaning of this book, after all, many people died.  The country of Japan was like a child sitting on a stoop, and the United States bomb like an eighteen wheeler coming straight at the child going 150 M.P.H.  The bomb was a symbol of how powerful one thing can be, it gives me goose bumps just thinking about it.  The bomb is almost like the ultimate sense because it sees peoples faces when it  is ready to attack, it smells the fear in the air, it touches us, but it burns like nitro does when thrown through the air.  This book reminded me of George Orwell's 1984, Big Brother and the U.S.A. are the godlike enemies, and Winston Smith and Hiroshima, like Toto from the Wizard of Oz, just sitting in a basket.  In conclusion, I come back to one quote of the book, when one Mrs. Hatsuyo Nakamura's children cried, \\"Itai!  It hurts!\\", and then Mrs. Nakamura said, \\"There's no time now to say it hurts or not.\\"  This showed me that, even though a bomb had dropped, she hadn't lost her sanity, and she had every intention of surviving.  This book will be on my shelf for a long time to come.
B000051ZST|5.0|DON'T let the &quot;Un-Rated&quot; bit fool you. I did'nt notice any difference to the theatrical version except of course the interactive DVD menu with deleted scenes and a behind the scenes with Tom Green bit. I ordered this DVD because I loved the movie, and because I love Tom Green. It takes something extremely funny to make me laugh when watching TV, or a movie. When I went to see it in the theatre, my gut hurt from laughing so hard. When I got the DVD, I laughed just as hard watching it the 2nd time. OWN IT!!
0140177396|3.0|John Steinbeck's book was a book everyone should have to read to understand life during the depression.  It was a good read, but since it was so short it was over almost before it started.  The symbolism in the book is outstanding, but there are many long and drab dialouge sceens.  It is a predictable book that would be better checked out of a library, not bought.
B00003Q43A|2.0|I saw this piece of work in the theaters, and at the time I thought it was okay. Seeing it for the second time here made me reconsider. This movie blows. Sure, there's plenty of action, and little else. Will Smith plays a fighter pilot, Jeff Goldblum a computer expert, and Bill Pullman plays the President in this film. This movie, in which aliens invade the Earth, cannot be called science fiction. Science fiction is Star Wars, 2001, and Starship Troopers. This movie does do exactly what it set out to do. The special effects are incredible, the sound is extremely good, the alien ships do look, alien. On the other hand, the aliens themselves are laughable, as is the &quot;plot&quot;, which should make comic-book writers shudder. Pancake characters round out this film that was so successful the first time they are selling it again so that the company can get more cash to make more movies like this. So if you want an post-lobotomy action movie, you've come to the right place.
0553213105|4.0|I recently bought &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; for my daughter. She didn't want to read it, so I did. As I dug right into it, I realized that my daughter, being only ten years old, was probably still a little young for it anyway. In fact, it was tough enough for me...Well, at least I can admit it.<br />It amazes me that some books, such as this one written almost 200 years ago, are filled with such style and prose. It seems that in our modern day world, with our stereos, TV's, computers and toys, that many of us unfortunately, don't seem to have the time to broaden our vocabulary, and grammatical abilities as well as some did 200 years ago. I guess,.. in some ways, we have certainly regressed in the natural progression of our intellects. Interesting ... It does make you want to read more books that were written long ago,..and broaden your mind a tad.<br />This was an interesting book, although a little slow at times; probably because of the huge gap in our cultural differences. I can see why it could possibly be considered a bit out of sync with the world of today. The book displayed what now would be considered an imbedded chauvinistic society's way of thinking; young women sitting around all day with the most important thing on their minds being, &quot;Who's going to come courting me today?&quot; But, I don't think that was any of Jane Austen's fault.<br />All in all, it was a very well organized and written story of life and mannerisms of old British Regency.
6305754950|5.0|This is one of the those movies you could never get tired of watching.  Wayne and Caan were excellent together, and I regret they did make another movie together.  Mitchum also worked well with Wayne.  The give and take they throw at one another always keeps me laughing.  It also pulls out a little sadness and sympathy, like when Luke McDonald is shot and how bad Thornton (Wayne) feels.  McCloud also is a sympathic character.  Though Wayne's adversay in the movie, he is not a bad man.  A very enjoyable movie.
B00003XAVA|4.0|On this mid 70's effort, Crosby and Nash show what efficient and capable songwriters they are.  I personally tend to enjoy Crosby's efforts much more than Nash's especially on this album.  Song's like &quot;Bittersweet&quot; capture the beauty and intensity Crosby can bring to a song.  Also of note is Crosby's beautiful &quot;Naked in the Rain&quot;.  The musicianship is tight and well crafted on this album.  &quot;Wind on the Water&quot;  is also a lovely number, but the only one of perhaps two tolerable songs by Nash on this set.  Sometimes Nash can write songs so light and airy it leaves you feeling empty.  Having said all that, this album is definitely worth getting if you are a Crosby fan at all.
B000021Y74|4.0|With shocking red hair,<br />An industrial soundtrack<br />Lola goes running
0451167716|5.0|This book is IMO and American classic and one that I enjoy reading over and over again.
0780625129|4.0|Neo-Nazis: bad<br />Ed Norton: a good actor<br />X: says nothing new
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|There are movies that are funny despite being so crude they can turn your stomach.  The &quot;South Park&quot; film, and &quot;There's Something About Mary,&quot; had lots of big laughs.  &quot;Scary Movie,&quot; however, is just tedious.  If you've seen the trailer, you've seen most of the good moments.<br />The biggest problems: (1) most of the jokes are either obvious or badly set up.  If you have half a brain you'll even predict the reference to &quot;Final Destination&quot; at the very end of the film seconds before it hits.  (2) Some of the humor travels beyond crude into the land of racism and homophobia.  Whoa, yeah, that guy gets turned on by &lt;i&gt;other guys!&lt;/i&gt;  That's hysterical!<br />Sigh.  Don't waste your time with this film -- and whatever you do, keep it away from your young kids, who undoubtedly don't need to see an erect male member shoved through someone's head.
6303168507|4.0|Little girl's in pink<br />But movie's in black and white<br />Does Spielberg know why?
B00000IAU3|5.0|I was the first out of my group of friends to buy the No Angel CD. I made all of my friends listen to it and we all instantly fell in love with it. The CD never leaves my car. On long rides or when i just need to think i pop it in the CD player. My favorite song on the CD is &quot;Here With Me.&quot; I can almost feel her pain and her sleepless nights until her lover is resting with her. I have to hear the song at least once a day and i never get sick of it. I would recommend this CD to anyone who really enjoys intelligent and in depth words to a song. This CD really makes you think. DIDO is my favorite.
6300183513|4.0|Jimmy Stewart asks:<br />Who commited the murder?<br />It's Perry Mason!
B000002C4J|5.0|For years and years, I've collected cassettes and CDs and literally have hundreds in my collection today. You know how it goes when you're REALLY hooked on a particular song and end up buying a CD just for the sake of having that one song? Well, I have to admit, &quot;My Heart Goes On&quot; was the song that moved me to purchase this one.<br />Here it is -- 3 years later -- and to this day, this is my absolute favorite CD in my entire music collection. I've listened to this CD at least 100 times (and had to purchase a second one because I wrecked the first from overplay) since purchasing it.<br />It's one of those CDs that you listen to from start to end and each time you listen to it, you claim yet another track as your 'favorite' on the CD. &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot;, though no longer my first pick on this CD, still gives me goosebumps whenever I hear it. Even the tracks you first hear and think of as 'average' become better and better with time. It's just that good.<br />If you're looking for Celine's finest, this is it!
6302969352|5.0|Put upon village<br />Pool their meagre capital<br />For seven saviours
0679882820|5.0|This book deserves many more than five stars for its great ability to engage your child with books at a very young age!  With this head start, you can expect to help nurture a lifelong love of books and reading.<br />Dr. Seuss must have known that children respond more to noises than to words.  So this book emphasizes noises.  It also provides a wonderful opportunity to act.  The facial expressions, gestures, and body movements you make will create a strong impression.  Soon your baby will begin to imitate the sounds.  Imitating the word syllables and words is seldom far behind.<br />&quot;Oh, the wonderful things<br />Mr. Brown can do!<br />He can go like a cow<br />He can go Moo Moo&quot;<br />Sections all start off like that.  Then they end with the encouragement to imitate:<br />&quot;Mr. Brown can do it.<br />How about you?&quot;<br />You can point to your child then, and repeat the sound with a nice smile.<br />Here are the animals or objects, and the sounds they make that are in the book:<br />bee -- &quot;Buzz Buzz&quot;<br />cork -- &quot;Pop Pop&quot;<br />horse feet -- &quot;Klopp Klopp Klopp&quot;<br />squeaky shoe -- &quot;Eek Eek&quot;<br />rooster -- &quot;Cock a Doodle Doo&quot;<br />owl -- &quot;Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo&quot;<br />rain -- &quot;Dibble Dibble Dibble Dopp&quot;<br />train -- &quot;Choo Choo Choo Choo&quot;<br />butterfly -- &quot;Whisper Whisper&quot;<br />horn -- &quot;Blurp Blurp Blurp Blurp&quot;<br />big cat drinking -- &quot;Slurp Slurp Slurp Slurp&quot;<br />clock -- &quot;Tick Tock&quot;<br />hand on a door -- &quot;Knock Knock&quot;<br />egg in frying pan -- &quot;Sizzle Sizzle&quot;<br />hippopotamus chewing gum -- &quot;Grum Grum&quot;<br />goldfish kiss -- &quot;Pip!&quot;<br />thunder -- &quot;Boom Boom Boom&quot;<br />lightning -- &quot;Splatt Splatt Splatt&quot;<br />The sounds are repeated as partial and total lists in several places.  These repetitions can be made very humorous in your reading and cause gales of baby giggles.<br />Except for the lists, there is a beautiful large illustration to help your baby or child tie the sound to an animal or object.<br />A good way to enhance your baby's enjoyment of the book is to notice what sounds your baby seems to like already.  For example, most babies like low, comfort sounds (in the moo moo range).  You can add those sounds and your own drawings (or photographs) to go with them.  You could have a refrigerator go Hum Hum Hum, or a car go Wrooom Wrooom.  Your own ideas will be better than mine, I'm sure.<br />Have a wonderful time being a parent, and be sure to take the time to enjoy the pleasures of books like this one with your baby!es.<br />Except for the lists, there is a beautiful large illustration to help your baby or child tie the sound to an animal or object.    <br />A good way to enhance your baby's enjoyment of the book is to notice what sounds your baby seems to like already.  For example, most babies like low, comfort sounds (in the moo moo range).  You can add those sounds and your own drawings (or photographs) to go with them.  You could have a refrigerator go Hum Hum Hum, or a car go Wrooom Wrooom.  Your own ideas will be better than mine, I'm sure.  <br />Have a wonderful time being a parent, and be sure to take the time to enjoy the pleasures of books like this one with your baby!
6305363668|4.0|Dreams of 'lectric sheep<br />Taunt androids in Scott's future<br />Ford -- you just can't tell
0525945636|1.0|Ok, first of all the amnesia story line is interesting for the first few chapters and then really snowballs into unbeliavability. Also both the female characters are aggressive, beautiful and smart - let's try to cover all the bases of political correctness. The main character is a macho man, except around women where he is a total wimp and too much of a gentlemen to be believed. Actually, this would make a fair movie of the week, but only on the comedy channel. Almost laughed out loud in spots during the romantic interlude passages. Oh well, at least it is a very quick read!
6302799066|5.0|Watch Peter Sellers <br />Play three roles beautifully<br />Even impressed Kub'
0782008372|1.0|The movie is good, but this is without a doubt the WORST looking DVD I have ever seen.  The picture quality is horrible and completely unwatchable.  AND IT IS THX, WHAT IS UP WITH THAT?
6305807043|4.0|Malk, he plays himself<br />Cameron has fuzzy hair<br />On floor seven-point-five
B000003N7G|5.0|I'm no expert on jazz but this album is as gorgeous and soulful as any music I've heard.  From the very first note, you know you're hearing something both deeply personal and timelessly heartwrenching.  I've read that there's a church in San francisco that worships God to the music of John Coltrane.  Listen to this if you want to know why.
B00000K2SE|5.0|To rival Hamlet's,<br />Wachowski's write Keanu<br />An epic speech: &quot;Whoa!&quot;
B0000203YT|1.0|Another made for the academy movie, truly boring. Group of friends and myself turned it off halfway through.  Soooo Sooo witty, give me a break.
B00003CXE6|5.0|Joaquin is lusty<br />For his Dad's job, Crowe's demise<br />And his sister's bod
0553213105|5.0|This book is not only an epitome of classic literature, it is actually interesting. I bet if they made a poll, the people who read this book would be happier in life than most. I love this book so much. Ms Austen truly made a masterpiece.
0790743523|4.0|Don't dare go to sleep,<br />Guard self when gold is near by<br />And Bogey's gone nutes
B00003IPFK|2.0|I guess I'll take the hit in offering up my review which is counter to the majority.  Poor video/dvd quality aside, the movie itself is fair at best.  This is particularly dissapointing considering the subject matter and casting.  I found the script to be banal and the cast uninspired in their performances.  I consider myself a Duvall fan and was dissappointed in his wooden performace, inconsistent with the &quot;character&quot; ( I was continually reminded throughout the film that he was &quot;acting&quot;).  This holds true for most of the principals in the film.  I can only assume that this was a result of a poor script, directing or both.  This is not a bad movie, just woefully pedestrian.  I felt that some of the best performances in the movie were offered by the lessser known actors, perhaps the director was star struck in his execution. I expected more from this movie.  I could go on and on, citing continuity/logic problems (how do you keep those linens so white on the trail); Po (cook) deciding to join the cattle drive with complete strangers in less than two seconds; arrrrggggh the miserable nonsense throw-away lines that offer nothing yet help guide a viewer who may not be paying attention or relieve an actor of having to act or the director from having to direct.  Certainly this is not the best mini-series made!  I did however enjoy watching some of my favorite actors honing thier skills or was it paying their dues?
6304078145|2.0|Fast-forward to story #3, the one directed by Robert Rodriguez (no wonder).  This is by far the best story of the group.  The kids are terrific actors; the absurdity of the final scenes is not to be missed.  The final story is in a distant second place for me.  The other two vignettes are awful, especially the first one.  I agree with the person who said it's just an excuse to have a few beautiful actresses show their naked breasts.  Tim Roth makes a bad imitation of PeeWee Herman throughout the movie, but his antics are more moderate in the last two stories.
0553212737|4.0|Though exhasperating at times, Emma enchants us all. It is through Emma's repeated blunders,imprudence, and vanity that she becomes one of the most charming heroines of all times. Jane Austen has created a hilarious set of characters: the preposterously overprotective father, the poor chatterbox  neighbour, the pretty, lighthearted proteg, and the man of reason whose love finally dictates against his logic (to name a very few). Although the plot is at times made dreary by Miss Bates' prolongued monologues, the novel is otherwise a light read. One must not expect to turn the last page having learnt some universal truth, but rather having enjoyed a few good laughs, some heart-leaping, and a few sighs. Emma is an outstanding proof of Jane Audten's wit; the candour and modesty in her novel make it a truly refreshing read.
0671799320|5.0|The Prize follows the major developments in the oil industry, from its inception with the Pennsylvania Rock Oil Company through the Gulf War.  <br />The Prize well deserves the praise it has received.  Yergin's research and knowledge of the history of the oil industry are obvious and make this a great historical work, yet the length and the abundance of detail do not impinge on the readability of the book.<br />Among many insightful sections of this book, I found the chapters on the role of oil in the Second World War to be particularly interesting.  After reading other books about the battles of that war, it was useful to learn something about the logistics behind those battles.<br />It is unfortunate that this book is already a decade old.  In his epilogue, Yergin touches on the Gulf War and the effects of the collapse of the Soviet Union, the world's largest oil producer in the late 1980's, but this was not quite history yet when he was writing The Prize.
6305041156|5.0|First, let me say I found this film amazing, though I only saw it once.  Now, does any one else agree with me that the painfully long scene involving Heditora and the jester rather...boring.  I'm sure many of you feel Kurosawa is the greatest filmaker of all time, and can surely give me some input as to the importance of this scene.  I thought the point was made much faster than the part lasted.  Contact me at<br />chatham@baka.com
6305252521|5.0|The Truman Show came out in a bad year.  Because it was a year of many great films.  Which kept it from getting a best picture nomination.  Titanic won that year and I dislike that film.  But films like Good Will Hunting and LA Confidential are both great.  I still think the Truman show should have been nominated but oh well.  Now on to the film.  This movie is the scariest PG rated movie ever made.  It really makes you wonder if your just someone elses entertainment.  Ed Harris gives a great role playing in a way Trumans &quot;God&quot;.  The movie tells that it is better to be in the real world where there is pain and suffering than to be in heaven and have it fake.  That's a concept that rises above most of the crap I've ever seen.
B000005H40|5.0|Like other reviewers, I have come to find jazz as a true inspiration at the age of fourteen, and this, along with Sonny Rollins' Saxophone Colossus, did it for me.  The mellow attitude of his melodies is perfectly complemented by the blaring, extravagant improv solos, an art that Coltrane himself made a real art form.  Blue Train is a beautiful piece that has become a jazz standard on account of the intricate tapestry of fascinating rhythms and skillful playing.  This album is a necessary addition to any jazz library, and arguably the greatest album by jazz master John Coltrane.
B0000024LN|5.0|There is nothing else to it... This album is a classic. Erick Sermon's beats remain consistantly tight, and since this album, his beats have fallen off. Redman's are the tightest they have and ever will be. It seems after this album, Redman changed up his style of rhyming, and it ain't as good. I've had this album since '96, and I still will pick it up today and not still be amazed... Now in these hip-hop plantinum days where an album is two singles and the rest is filler, an album with longevity like this is quite refreshing... I swear, if Redman and Erick looked over this album again hard, and came up with a Muddy Waters 2, it would be all over... but you still wouldn't be able to beat this album. If you are a true hip-hop fan who can name an album before all of the &quot;bling, bling&quot; and you don't have this, well, get this now!
B000005H40|5.0|Like other reviewers, I have come to find jazz as a true inspiration at the age of fourteen, and this, along with Sonny Rollins' Saxophone Colossus, did it for me.  The mellow attitude of his melodies is perfectly complemented by the blaring, extravagant improv solos, an art that Coltrane himself made a real art form.  Blue Train is a beautiful piece that has become a jazz standard on account of the intricate tapestry of fascinating rhythms and skillful playing.  This album is a necessary addition to any jazz library, and arguably the greatest album by jazz master John Coltrane.
B00002MHS1|5.0|Whittled down to a trio Traffic solidered on with their finest album. Although not as catchy or commerical as their first two studio albums, JBMD captures the trio at their best. The music smoothly moves from folk to jazzy instrumentals without breaking a sweat. Winwood's vocals are among his best here. His impassioned vocals on Every Mother's Son bring the album to life.<br />Originally intended as a Steve Winwood solo album Capaldi and Wood offered their services during the recording of the album. The songs and playing meshed so well that Winwood, Capaldi and Wood decided to revive the Traffic name.<br />The bonus tracks are a fine addition to this already great album. The sound quality is great. The booklet informative but doesn't suffer from overkill.
B000000YG5|5.0|This recording two years ago succesfully turned myself into a jazz enthusiast at the age of thirteen.  Two aspects of this album have made it a jazz classic.  Firstly, the talent that was collected for this recording was astounding.  The saxophone and drums were covered by the best in their class, with the bassist and pianist up there as well. Second, the sheer feeling and skill displayed on each track, all unique enough to destroy any feeling of monotony.  St. Thomas is a light hearted calypso flavored piece, You don't know what love is is a fantastic interpretation of a jazz standard.  Strode rode is an example of club jazz at it's finest, Moriat a unique interpretation of a European classic, and Blue 7 is a standard in it's own right.  This album is truly a masterpiece.
B000006TRV|5.0|Pink Floyd's epic album is definitely one of the greatest music masterpieces of all time. While diehard Floyd fans may say that Dark Side of the Moon was infinitely better, The Wall, disturbingly beautiful, is still an undisputed classic. The story it tells, while easier to understand upon viewing the movie, is still here in all its dark glory, following a rock star through his battered mind and eventual breakdown. From start to finish, it's a nightmare dressed like a fantasy, easy listening that requires multiple close inspections. And that's just how it sounds on the surface. <br />The opening track, &quot;In the Flesh?&quot;, sets the stage for the rest of the album. The wistful guitar riff builds a sense of longing in the listener, and lyrics like &quot;If you wanna find out what's behind these cold eyes/ You'll just have to claw your way through this disguise&quot; practically force you to keep going. Once you're inside though, you'll wish you hadn't come. Songs like &quot;The Thin Ice&quot; and &quot;Another Brick in the Wall - Part 1&quot; see to that quickly, replacing the yearning cries of &quot;In the Flesh?&quot; with darker, more foreboding lyrics and sudden changes into keys normally reserved for funeral processions. Even in its happier sounding moments, the words and music still keep pulling you down when tied in with the rest of it. For example, soft acoustic melodies like &quot;Mother&quot; sound nice and peaceful, giving a respite from the anguish that came before until you start paying attention to lyrics like &quot;Momma's gonna put all her fears into you.&quot; Even singer Roger Waters' voice sounds as though he is on the verge of tears throughout the song, making it painful, yet irresistible. And it's not just the music that hurts. In between some songs are bits of dialogue from the movie to help put everything in perspective; for example, &quot;Goodbye Blue Sky&quot; begins with a small child exclaiming &quot;Look, Mommy, there's an airplane inthe sky.&quot; When coupled with the song's title and the opening line, &quot;Did you see the frightened ones?/ Did you hear the falling bombs?&quot;, the child's innocence (and implied loss thereof) wrenches as much pity as possible out of the listener. It's not all sorrow, though. Knowing that making the album 100% depressing all the way through would probably lead to more cases like the one being sung about, the band managed to fit in a couple tracks like &quot;Young Lust&quot; and &quot;Run Like Hell&quot; to give listeners a bit of a break. Of course, even these relatively upbeat songs are not completely free of the darkness overrunning this album; &quot;Run Like Hell,&quot; with its bright guitar-driven melody, still contains lyrics like &quot;If we catch you in the backseat trying to pick her lock/ We'll send you back to mother in a cardboard box,&quot; guaranteed to produce more than a slight shudder. And the climax of the whole album, &quot;The Trial&quot; is easily enough to drive anyone mad. If for whatever insane reason you haven't heard it yet, I won't ruin the details for you, but I suggest you hurry up and take a listen. <br />The album is also relatively unique in that it contains a number of lyrical symbols and motifs. The most obvious of these is, of course, the wall, which the star of the album builds up around his psyche to protect himself from the outside world. The wall plays a vast role in his life, and is mentioned in at least half the songs on this album. It is present from the beginning to the end, and is the focal point of all the nightmares the star suffers. Another frequently appearing symbol is the worm, which represents everything about the world from which the star is trying to hide. It is a symbol of terror, always around the corner, ready to make life miserable. This is most evident in the line &quot;And the worms ate into his brain&quot; (from the song &quot;Hey You&quot;), as well as in &quot;The Trial&quot;, in which the worm takes on the role of the sadistic judge. This is much easier to see in the movie, when the worm itself can be seen more easily. <br />Overall, The Wall is an album seldom paralleled in its sheer ability to possess its listeners even while twisting the world about them until they can share the nightmare of the album's star. Pink Floyd mix their stunning lyrical ability and beautiful instrumental arrangements to create a dark fantasy from which none can truly escape. Not that they would ever want to.
0688152023|5.0|I saw this book at the last minute after spending quite a while looking at workout books unable to decide on the right one, none seemed right to me.. I bought this one immediately, no second guessing needed. I did the workout for the first time today and for once felt energised, and relaxed and beautiful all at the same time. I want to lose around 20 pounds and was very hard on myself about it, but today I feel beautiful, and like my goal is attainable. I am extremely out of shape, though not very overweight. It took me 2 hours to complete the whole workout, which is quite a bit longer than it's supposed to, but I did it, and felt good about it. I will be purchasing the DVD the day it comes out!
B00004TL21|4.0|The Deftones have come alive in their new approach to their music.  They have shown the ability to shred, and now they have succeeded in their attempt to haunt and to compel listeners to &quot;go get (their) knife.&quot; This is an album which can be most noted for the eerie guitar tones, and creeping, grasping lyrics.  I couldn't help but be drawn in by the different cacophanies, and since this is my first purchased Deftones CD, I'm looking forward to hearing their previous efforts.
0380730367|5.0|Took me three Lehane books to catch on to what all the raving was about. &quot;Darkness, Take My Hand&quot; was too depressing for me. While I enjoyed &quot;Sacred&quot;, I thought that was due to the Florida locations.<br />But with &quot;Prayers For Rain&quot; I am converted and will now read his entire repertoire. It's Mr. Lehane's writing that's the winner, not just the Florida settings of &quot;Sacred.&quot;<br />The lead characters and their network are quite colorful and the action is first rate. It's truly a fast read and the resolution is satisfying.<br />The small backstory on Bubba was a big help for me in accepting and understanding this off center character.<br />This series could easily have screen possibilities with Ben Affleck my choice to play the lead.
B00003CXE6|5.0|GLADIATOR  Is GLADIATOR an action movie? Is it an historical drama? Is it a sweeping epic? Yes. This movie really makes you think, unlike other movies of its kind where all you do is sit there and ponder who is going to die next. Like BRAVEHEART, this is a story of a brutal era told with realism. This is a violent movie that shows  our appetite for violence.  This is the kind of movie that I love the most, one that leaves me with so much to say about it that I could write a book. If you havent seen Gladiator go see it, if you have do yourself a favor and buy it on VHS or DVD.  You are really missing out if you dont.  This is the kind of movie that movies were invented for.  In AD 180, the death of Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius leaves a void at the height of Roman rule. Aurelius had told Maximus (played by Crowe) who is Rome's greatest general, that he, Maximus, should hold the emperor's power in trust after the ruler's death until the Imperial Senate can take the position of command. Aurelius relied on Maximus because he is a simple soldier, unskilled at lying and uncorrupted by politics. And Maximus, who loved the emperor like a father, agreed, but even said that all he really wanted was to go home to his wife and his young son. But the emperor's son, Commodus , takes control before Maximus even knows the emperor is dead, and the son has very different plans for the empire than his father did. He wants to save Rome from the politicians so he can rule Rome. Maximus escapes his own execution and then is captured by slavers and trained gladiator in a distant desert city, Maximus is then sent to fight in the Colosseum in Rome, where he at last has the opportunity to avenge both his emperor, Aurelius, and his family, slain by Commodus's troops.  Gladiator is one of those movies that you can watch over nad over again.  bleive me since buying the film on DVD i have watched at least ten times.  every time i watch it i find something new to think about. There are so many small details in the film.
0553573403|5.0|I work in a bookstore, and am in charge of the sci-fi section. Believe me, I see a lot of books come and go. usually I pay them no mind, (the only other series I had read was &quot;Dune&quot;, LOVED IT!)Anyway, the cover of this book piqued my interest and I decided to check it out. Lo and behold, I was completely hooked. The characterizations and details attributed to each person made them very real for me. I liked the fact that magic was not the center of the story, and that at the heart of the story was a simple tale of one family, the Starks of Winterfell. I recommend it to every customer and recommend it to anyone who is tired of Robert &quot;beating a dead horse&quot; Jordan.
B000002J3W|5.0|frankly, skid row's first album, though by far the most popular, wasn't very good.  they conceded alot of potential musical ability for commercial, radio-friendly songs.  bach had a nasty, though sometimes addictive tendency to oversing everything.  and the difference between that record and their last real album is quite startling.  there aren't really any throw-away filler tracks, because it's clear the band put in considerable effort to record a coherent, and even precocious album.  as others have pointed out, this is a very harsh, angry album, and that's a good thing, because bach and co seem genuine about it.  there were hints of this in their debut and even moreso in &quot;slave to the grind&quot;.  that sentiment is best echoed by &quot;beat yourself blind&quot;, and &quot;my enemy&quot;.  bach doesn't wail relentlessly, and it makes the lone true ballad, &quot;breakin down&quot; the most beautiful song they've ever commited to tape.  as with most great albums though, &quot;subhuman race&quot; does take some time to grow on you, but it is well worth your effort.  it's a shame the group had to disband after their first great release, but with bach's obvious uncontrollably wild and often frightening nature, and the fact that they might not have been able to top this (how much harder or rawer can it get?), it's perhaps a blessing in disguise.
B000002G23|5.0|This box set is comprehensive in a way that does credit to box sets. The Police had a finite recording career, which makes a complete set like this possible. If you buy this and their live album, you will have all the Police worth having. And what will you have? Something special. The Police were a peerless rock trio. Like all good trios, they really had great instrumental chops. Stewart Copeland is perhaps the best rock drummer I've ever heard, so precise and scintillating, yet with a certain degree of restraint that is admirable. Sting and Andy Summers are clearly masters of their instruments as well, and Sting's vocals remain startling. The songwriting is uneven but never uninteresting, and it's wonderful to hear the band's sound develop and evolve over time. All your favorite hits are here, sounding great in this digital remaster, plus previously unavailable gems and B-sides, including some from the very early punk days. There is an informative booklet (the Police played their asses off for years before attaining any kind of commercial success, even while making great records) that tells the band's story, and comments by band members about each of the previously unreleased songs. There are also many fine photographs. (But the set isn't bulky either, like some big box sets are.) A great band, a great box set.
6304466498|4.0|This time Brooks is spoofing Sci-fi films.Some of the jokes are really cheesy but all in all this is a good collection of jokes and sight gags.With the comic talents of stars such as Rick Moranis,John Candy,Joan Rivers and others.Some consider this film to be the start of Brooks downfall but I consider it as one of his best.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I bought the CD with some reservations because I had read some reviews that said it was average. I have know Idea what CD they were listening to But I feel this is one of the best CD's by Green Day to date. Very diverse from the mellow fun Misery (My Favorite), to hard driving Minority &amp; Jackass. This is a great, fun to listen to CD, from beginning to end everyone I play it for just love's it. To Think I almost didn't buy it what a mistake that would have been. Buy it now ITS GREAT !!!!
B00000G6KG|5.0|Reign in blood, doesnt that say enough. This album is a legend as is! It totally rox, just go buy this sucker. It wont disappoint u!
B00000K19E|3.0|Alright you have to admit. Great fight scenes. But beside that just plain weird. I know what u r saying see it again and u will understand but i have seen it three times and besides effects it is nuthin.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|It's great to see 40 year old music being enjoyed by my generation.  I'm only a teenager, and I am nothing short of amazed by how many people in my high school are talking about this album.  People I couldn't even imagine listening to them are coming up to me, the resident Beatleman, saying how much this rocks and how much that rocks.  With that said, just buy the CD because the greatest rock and roll band still got it
B0000048X8|2.0|Self-indulgent boomers miss being irresponsible teenagers. Poor babies. Well, they get to pretend for one more weekend and we get to watch. Wonderful.<br />I weep for the present.
158234082X|3.0|Let me tell you something about this book, first. We'll go fromthere. &quot;Kitchen Confidential&quot; is a memoir written by AnthonyBourda..  Kitchen Confidential&quot; reads like a stone skipped over water. It's a series of brief (albeit entertaining) skips across water. A lot of water is skipped over. <br /> I mean, he tells you what kick-started his love of food (an epiphanical trip to France with his family as a kid). You learn some of what is important to him (example: he always wanted cook's hands - hands that have been chipped, grizzled, burned, chopped, worried, hurt, slit; example: he has standards - you can pretty much get away with murder in a Bourdain kitchen, but you must never be late, you must never disrespect the food). Aside of the cooking, you glimpse the Keith Richards figure behind the chef. A wilderness period is (frustratingly, little more than) alluded to. At the end of the book, he apologises to all of the people that had to endure all or some of the self-same wilderness period. Could be me, but I would have liked to know more about Bourdain's Hyde. <br />It's pretty hard to totally make your mind up one way or another about &quot;Kitchen Confidential&quot;. <br />On the one hand, you've got the representation of Bourdain in the book. He's a Burt Lancaster, straight out of &quot;The Crimson Pirate&quot;. He's a pirate with a pirate crew. There's a whole team of bad boys herein. If there's a movie, you gotta call the movie &quot;Cookfellas&quot;. All of which is (for the most part) a riot. You know that we are not at home to Mr Truth a lot of the time. (In fact, a good part of the book reminded me of Lorenzo Carcaterra's similarly controversial &quot;Sleepers&quot;.) He's a pirate and embroidered stories are a pirate stock-in-trade, right? You wouldn't expect anything less. Truth doesn't matter. Bourdain is a five-star character.<br />However. Anthony Bourdain is not a writer. Or he's a writer the way Mickey Rourke is an actor. In the last few pages of &quot;Kitchen Confidential&quot;, he says:<br />&quot;Lying in bed, smoking my sixth or seventh cigarette of the morning, I'm wondering what the hell I'm going to do today. Oh yeah, I gotta write this thing. But that's not work, really, is it? It feels somehow shifty and . . . dishonest, making a buck writing. Writing anything is a treason of sorts. Even the cold recitation of facts- which is hardly what I've been up to - is never the thing itself.&quot;<br />In lots of ways, &quot;Kitchen Confidential&quot; is a kind of jape. Worse than that (hell, he's not taking himself seriously, that's a good thing, in a way), though, is the sloppy edit. I'll tell you - there are commas in the middle of sentences, misspelled words (&quot;bons mosts&quot; instead of &quot;bon mots&quot;, par example), errors by the pound. If you served up this book in any editorial kitchen, you'd get laughed out of court. Mal teste, right? You read the book and it's frustrating to see such a lack of effort. It would take one or two reads by a person who does this for a living to straighten out those kinds of problems and it's shocking (to me) that the book hasn't had that. <br />Still. Always the pedant, right? Easier to spot a mistake after it's been made, right? Maybe. Still. The bad edit stops this book being a five. The Bourdain character (and it is a character, no mistaking that) is a pure five. You lose a star for the edit and you lose a star for the skipped water (next time: spill the beans!!). <br />Still. Three stars - you're a chef, right?
0553573403|4.0|Are you bored with the fantasy novels that clog the shelves lately - poorly written, wooden characters, dry dialog, unoriginal plot lines?  I had begun to wonder if I would ever have the joy of getting wrapped up in a good, complicated, unpredictable GRIPPING world where my heart truly thumped in fright that a character was going to get killed when they faced danger.  Well, Martin has rescued me from a string of galling dissapointments.  This book is the first installment of what so far (3 books) is one of the best fantasy epics I have ever read.  There are no useless characters or wandering sub-plots that seem to be just page fodder to pad book installments - just good story telling.  Please, if you are hesitating because your intelligence has been insulted by the last few fantasy novels you have read - try this one.  I think you will be pleasantly surprised.
0679735259|5.0|I was born in 1974, and my impressions of the Vietnam War have generally been shaped by the politcal, emotional baggage left in its wake.  People talk about what Vietnam meant, what it was about, why it was right, why it was wrong, but rarely about what it was.  This book does just that.<br />With prose that comes at you like it's being fired out of a machine gun, Herr describes the action on the ground as it was: terrifying, brutal, and appalling.  But he also writes about the tenderness, brotherhood and compassion that war bred between men who would have otherwise never met.<br />This is a powerful, important book that anyone who wants to understand Vietnam as an experience should read.
630281474X|5.0|Hammer Films' HORROR OF DRACULA is undoubtedly the greatest vampire film of all time! Comparing it to the 1931 version of DRACULA starring Bela Lugosi, HORROR OF DRACULA makes the 1931 film look old, dated, &amp; obsolete. The 1931 DRACULA was slow &amp; tedious, HORROR OF DRACULA was fast-paced, frightening, intense, erotic, &amp; AWESOME. Bela Lugosi's interpretation of The Lord of the Undead seem wooden &amp; boring compared to Christopher Lee's dynamic interpretation. Lee's Dracula showed a refined nobleman, aristocratic in appearance, almost royalty. But Lee's Dracula had something that Lugosi, &amp; other actors who portrayed Dracula did not: Lee's Dracula was intense, animalistic, frightening, supernatural, inhuman, yet he was also attractive, erotic, confident, &amp; irresistible to women. Lee's Dracula exuded a blatant sexual charm that his female victims found unable to resist.  Peter Cushing's Dr, Van Helsing was equally superb. He's not the old, decrepit professor, but he's the dynamic, confident, brave, almost superheroic character out to destroy the vampire menace that threaten to destroy the &quot;entire world&quot; as he put it bluntly. He is the perfect foil to Christopher Lee. The film is a classic that needs to be seen by vampire fans everywhere. Forget Tom Cruise's INTERVIEW..., forget Wes Craven's DRACULA 2000... watch this film, you won't regret it!!!
0393316041|5.0|i have seen this book for lots of time, but did not think that it will suit me. but last xmas, i bought it anyway, and found it a VERY INTERESTING READ, and will suit JUST ANYONE. i will now look for the other feynman stuff...<br />if u r in doubt this book is for you or not, belive me, it is. (just as i once doubt harry potter, now i love them all).<br />70+ reviews, i did not want to bore u with more opinions... ;-)
B00003CWPR|1.0|What can I say?  The beginning of the movie went just fine and started to build questions and expectations as to how everything was going to resolve at the end.  Tom Cruise gets involved in a very complex situation that would probably require some creative solution.<br />And what happened at the end?  The end of the movie really sucks.  They do nothing at the end.  All the interest that you have build during the movie brings you frustration at the end.<br />Maybe Stanley Kubrick didn't get a chance to finish the movie himself and someone else got to do the end of the movie.  If this was the case, then it makes sense why end of the movie stinks.<br />My suggestion: Don't buy this DVD.  If you are really curious just rent it and you'll see what I'm talking about.<br />PS: I don't know if I should dump this DVD in the trash.
B000002UA0|5.0|This album could almost be a different band from the rest of the pink floyd material, especially after &quot;Dark Side&quot;. However it is the best. Every song is different and inventive. The best song is &quot;Flaming&quot;. Scarecrow and The Gnome are very good too. Interstallar Overdrive is indeed a long spacey jam where the music goes off the rails at times. Ever so high...
0671027344|4.0|I, too, felt moved after reading The Perks of Being a Wallflower, and agree that almost any adolescent would be able to connect somehow to Charlie, the book's freshman protagonist. However, I'm a bit puzzled that so many reviewers have neglected to bring up the fact that Charlie is ill. Sure, he has all the normal teenage doubts and yearnings, but they're multiplied by the fact that he's not mentally stable. I don't want to give any of the book away, but I will say that throughout the letters to his friend, Charlie reveals more and more disturbing information about his background. So, although this IS quite a good book, and, as many have said, comparable to A Catcher in the Rye, I would warn readers to keep at the back of their minds that Charlie is not your average 15 year old boy. Having said that, I praise Mr. Chbosky for writing a book that's so true and raw, a book that all adolescents and anyone who's ever been an adolescent can relate to. A poignant read.
0553573403|5.0|If Robert Jordan had not written \\"Winter's Heart\\", I most likely would not have read this book just yet.  I had had it lying around the house for several years, but had not been motivated to pick it up and read it.  Then, many of the slams of  \\"Winter's Heart\\" suggested that we read George R. R. Martin to see some good writing.  I figured that that many readers can't be wrong, and I was right!  \\"A Game of Thrones\\" is the best fantasy of intrigue that I have read since Raymond Feist and Janny Wurts' \\"Empire\\" trilogy, if not ever.<br />The fact that the book is somewhat patterned on the War of the Roses does not detract from the richness of the world Mr. Martin has created.  And this world is not defined by drawn-out, detailed descriptions and charts, but by the clarity of the prose.  In fact, the genealogies and characteristics of the great houses are spelled out so well in the story that the appendix at the end is almost superfluous.<br />The characters are terrific.  Although some are \\"better\\" than others, no one is truly \\"good\\" or \\"evil\\".  Instead, we are presented with a cast of normal individuals in extraordinary times.  How they interact, react, grow, and/or regress comprises the bulk of the action.<br />Having said that, I must also say that this is a novel of ideas and personalities.  It is not \\"slash and burn\\" fantasy, but its use of magical arts is mostly insinuated and any actual acts or situations are limited to what is necessary to advance Mr. Martin's ideas.  Some previous reviewers have complained about the scarcity of magic.  I beg to differ, as the rarity of magic adds to its power in those instances that it appears.  All is in context; there are no gratuitous displays of grandiose \\"swords and sorcery\\" to attempt to revive a plot gone stale or just for their own sake.<br />This is a tale of people.  They fight, they grow, they plot, they scheme, they are noble, they are despicable, they struggle, they triumph over long odds, they fail, they die, but they always entertain.  In other words, they are like people that we all know, wish we knew, or wish we didn't know.  It's tempting to say that the \\"villains\\" are too evil until we remember that history is full of people like the Borgias, Rasputin, and Machiavelli.<br />In closing, I feel obligated to add a slight disclaimer - parts of the story evoke intense emotion, there are \\"adult\\" situations and behavior, and people you grow to like will die, and will die far to early.  But those are the things that make this book soar above most of the others in the genre.  I have already begun reading the second book, \\"A Clash of Kings\\", will follow that with \\"A Storm of Swords\\", and will anxiously await book 4!!t they always entertain.  In other words, they are like people that we all know, wish we knew, or wish we didn't know.  It's tempting to say that the \\"villains\\" are too evil until we remember that history is full of people like the Borgias, Rasputin, and Machiavelli.  <br />In closing, I feel obligated to add a slight disclaimer - parts of the story evoke intense emotion, there are \\"adult\\" situations and behavior, and people you grow to like will die, and will die far to early.  But those are the things that make this book soar above most of the others in the genre.  I have already begun reading the second book, \\"A Clash of Kings\\", will follow that with \\"A Storm of Swords\\", and will anxiously await book 4!!
0767802659|5.0|I'm amazed that so many people can blindly miss the subtleties of this movie.  While it works as a brainless, enjoyable gung-ho piece of sci-fi cum war hokum it's also quite a clever piece of satire, taking a pot-shot squarely aimed at the kind of control that governments, regardless of ideology, exert over their populace.  While the spoofed propaganda TV commercials most obviously display the parody in this movie, one can also see it littered throughout the movie.  The director has chosen to ape Nazism as it's an extreme view of what can happen when a government has a strong grip on its people, because of his childhood experience being under Nazism and because by cloaking the heroes of the movie in Nazism he shows a self-mocking sense of ironic humor.<br />Like...<br />Johnny Rico being a blonde, blue-eyed Aryan.  While Van Dien's abilities as an actor are frequently ridiculed at there's no doubt that he is perfect for this movie's take on the character.  He *looks* like an actor straight from WWII German and Soviet propaganda films and indeed that is exactly what he's supposed to appear like.<br />Ok let's clear up some other points:-<br />BAD ACTING:-<br />It's not bad acting.  Bad acting implies that the actor does not bring fully to life the character he/she is playing or overplays the part ect ect.  The characters in ST are supposed to be parodies, tongue-in-check cardboard cutouts.  Given that all the actors in ST play their roles pretty well.  That they are all very pretty (especially Dina Meyer) is the intention.  Like any good propaganda it shows people whom we'd like to be or be with trying to become citizens and succeeding, whilst following the 'state line'.  The love triangle is thrown in there for entertainment value and it works in a cheesy way.<br />DIALOGUE:-<br />I fail to see how intelligent people can so miss the point of the dialogue.  It's cheesy because it's parody, because it apes political propaganda and laughs at it.  The dialogue is perfectly suited to the mood of the film as a whole.  There are very few wasted lines in this movie and I won't waste *my* time trying to point them out to you if you didn't 'get' them.<br />STUPID PLOT:-<br />Guess what?  Yep here comes the parody bit again.  People point out that the military tactics in this movie are laughable and they are perfectly correct.  But...  Don't you think the military tactics are just too stupid to be there as a result of incompetence or sloppiness on the part of Verhoeven - I mean it doesn't take a budding Guderian, Napoleon or a Sun Tze to know that just using machine guns when you have orbital nukes, cluster bombs, mines, armor ect is just plain stupid.  But the whole point of the film is self-parody at governments, who see the people as their tool, to be manipulated and scarified for the 'greater good' of the nation, or in this case the species.<br />LACK OF RESPECT FOR ROBERT HEINLEIN'S BOOK:-<br />I feel many distracters of the film simply do so because they expected a faithful recreation of the book.  While that's disappointing for you try and see the film for its merits.  It really only borrows from Heinlien's book in superficial terms; to set the scene, the basic plot and basic outlines of the characters.  Surely you can see that it never was an attempt to seriously follow the book.  Instead Verhoeven chose to follow his own path and make his own movie.  Try and see it for that...<br />Anyway to sum up;  the movie is loud, entertaining, gory, packed full of good looking leads and sci-fi fx, but also very subtle and clever.  People who dismiss this movie out of hand as mindless nonsense completely miss the point.  Godzilla is mindless nonsense.  Independence Day is mindless nonsense.<br />Starship Troopers instead is a very well-made, clever movie, which has a tongue-in-cheek gibe at the way governments can and will manipulate their populace for the 'good of the state'.  I wonder whether any American hollywood director would have hadthe balls to make it this way.
B000002LE6|5.0|...Anyone who knows the name, &quot;Prince&quot; can easily associate him with the New Power Generation, which started here. In the beginning of the album Prince says, &quot;Welcome 2 the New Power Generation, the reason why my voice is so clear, is because there is no smack in my brain.&quot; That is a tribute to his anti-drug views.<br /> At the time of Lovesexy, the world was seemengly submitting to the evils of drugs, hate, promicuity, and gang violence. Prince groups all of this together with a devil he calls &quot;Spooky Electric&quot;, and warns us against him.  <br />   Most people look at Prince as a maker of albums, but each and every album he makes is more of a message, and symbol of the era we can see from Paisley Park. Lovesexy is my favorite because of the era it represents. So much Love, so much peace, so much God, so much joy, that it is a complete entity that the mainstreem cannot begin to perceive. That is because all of Prince's albums/eras should be felt as well as heard...
B000002MP2|5.0|Forget Nimrod, forget Warning, even Kerplunk was never this good.  Every song is incredibly catchy and tuneful, and this is the band that basically brought about every single punk band around at the moment, but there's never been a replacement to Bille, Mike and Tre.  Every track is supported by the amazing bass of Mike Dirnt, the gorgeously laid back and fluid intro bass riff to Longview is just... shiver-inducing!   Basketcase is one of the landmark songs of the 90's and the funny, surprisingly intelligent lyrics are prevalent throughout the LP, with the unique vocals from Billie Joe Armstrong which go from angry, to happy, to just damn heart-wrenching!  The very sweet Pulling Teeth (about being trapped by a girl) is another highlight, as is Welcome to Paradise, this version is much tighter than the Kerplunk one (it was influenced by Billie and Mike's time in a squat).  Finally, When I Come Around has such a pretty riff (okay, that's probably a bad choice of word but...) and Billie's vocals are great on it.   Green Day are amazing live, Tre's energy on stage is entertaining even without the music! (i saw them at Wembley and it rocked) and if you don't buy this, then there is really no hope for you, all 6 of their albums should be on your shelf, dammit!!  Also check out NOFX, Weezer, Less Than Jake, Lit, The Frustrators and Pinhead Gunpowder (Billie and Mike's other bands).
B00004XONN|2.0|I don't judge albums by my expectations, but I do admit that they leak through from time to time.  Regardless, I do believe that as a band you have the obligation to give fans what they want.  The reason Radiohead has been so successful is their guitar-driven, opera-like, brilliantly unbelievable music.  Guitar is almost completely eradicated on this record, and Thom's vocals, which in the past have been incredibly powerful and moving, are either used as backround or just not very passionate.  I still have faith in Radiohead, they still have it in them.  They are the best at what they do, I just hope they don't lose sense of what that is.
0380804557|5.0|If you are weary of violent, negative punk fantasy/sci fi and long for a book of wit, grace and breath-taking beauty, &quot;Stardust&quot; is the book for you.<br />Gaiman's perfect book has the charm of Lord Dunsany's best. An adult fairy tale - be careful reading it to the kids! The changeling hero is sent on a fool's errand to Faery to retrieve a fallen star in hopes of giving it to the girl of his dreams and making her his wife. And his adventures along the way.<br />Very British. This book shows why Albion will always be the Magic Island. Rule Britannia!<br />This book you should buy in hardbound and give it to your heirs in your Will.<br />It's beauty will bring tears to your eyes!<br />Cannot be too highly recommended
0789723107|5.0|Extremely Useful and Usable * Top-notch!  I've read most of the current books out on web usability and user-centered design and must say this book was better than I expected. Full of down-to-earth practical techniques, design tips, usability testing recommendations, and very clear advice. I have read it twice, and refer to it frequently. Krug does a great job of giving you just what you need, and in a logical, concise manner.
B0000508U6|4.0|I first heard this CD while shopping in HMV in New York City.  Although I am a huge fan of British-type music (James, Travis, Cure, etc), I had never even heard of Coldplay.  They played 3 songs off the album in the store, and I bought it immediately.  Every mix tape/CD I've made in the last month for friends, I have included &quot;Trouble&quot; on.  What an amazing mix of vocals and music...it's ethereal.  Everyone makes such a big deal about Radiohead (if you remember when they first came out, were tagged as another STP wannabe), and don't get me wrong, I like Radiohead, but as far as British music goes, I think this CD deserves more recognition than it gets.  I heard &quot;Yellow&quot; on 96Wave in Charleston, SC and was so excited to hear them on the radio.  Get this CD - you won't be disappointed.
B0000457AT|4.0|As far as I can discern, this is the same album as 'Watcher of the Skies', but slightly cheaper.  I'm pretty familiar with Genesis's output, but this is the first Hackett album I've bought.  Hackett was the guitarist who used to remain seated throughout the Genesis concert and wore thick framed glasses.<br />Unless you count tour drummers Thompson and Bruford (who appear on a number of tracks here), Hackett is the only former Genesis member on this album.  But this is much more than a Genesis 'tribute' album.<br />The essence of each of the Genesis songs chosen remains, but Hackett has had time -- well, quarter of a century anyway -- to think about them and not so much improve them, but create variations on a theme.  How do I feel about John Wetton's voice where Gabriel's should be?  Not too bad, actually.  It's the guitar and orchestra I want to hear, rather than the singing.  Hackett himself sings on some of the tracks; his voice is workmanlike, and not too different from Wetton's, actually, but neither has the timbre of Gabriel or Collins.<br />Hackett of course had to include 'Firth of Fifth', with THAT sublime solo.  Thankfully he hasn't changed it much -- he's just topped and tailed it with some extra acoustic guitar work.<br />The orchestration works well throughout, and it's wonderful to hear the mellotron again, one of THE great instruments of the early 70s.  'Fountain of Salmacis' grows on me, the more I hear it.  If nothing else, this album will make you appreciate your Genesis albums more.  Steve's sleevenotes give some insight into the group's workings in the 70s.
0515123447|3.0|To borrow a television/movie simile - this book has much more A-Team/Dirty Harry/Die Hard in it than it has, say, McGyver, Murder She Wrote or Diagnosis Murder.  It is definately not a cozy.  With 55 reviews (and counting), I'll let others tell the plot.  <br />What I liked about this book was the snappy pace and the underlying concept of the crime.  What I didn't like was primarily the guns and the gore.  This is not a book for people with weak stomaches or those prone to nightmares.  Likewise, I second the comments of others that there are a few too many convenient coincidences and more than a few unsubstantiated conclusions/deductions that are nagging, tho not fatal flaws.<br />Bottom line:  A good book for readers who like lots of action and good guys take out the bad guys violence.  Not a great book for those who don't like gore or who do need logical sequences.  (I think my husband, a hunter and former MP, who likes to get lost in a book, will enjoy this more than I did.)
B000002BHE|5.0|A brilliant album...Celine's voice is just so perfect. From the Jim Steinman epic &quot;It's all coming back to me now&quot; to the beautiful &quot;Fly&quot;, Celine shines. A good mix of up-tempo songs and ballads...the title track is a lovely ballad, as is the Dan Hill penned &quot;Seduces Me&quot;. My album though has 15 songs not 14. The one that is not listed here is &quot;Your Light&quot;. Not a bad song, but not the best either. I will reserve that for &quot;Fly&quot;...it sounds like a song a mother would sing to her deceased child. Celine's voice even trembles with emotion, she is practically in tears and you can hear it. So touching! If you like Celine, then this album should be in your collection.
0140177396|5.0|This book pulls you in and won't let you out until you have read through the last page.  It captures your heart.  It is the story of George Milton and Lennie Small.  They struggle together to fight the realities of the American society.  All they want is to own a farm of their own with horses, chickens, cows and rabbits. George is short tempered but always looks out for his friend Lenny. Lenny is mentally ill to a degree and thinks like a kid, but he has unbelievable strength.  He is a giant man.  When he is scared he pets anything soft.  It may be a dead mouse that he always carries in his pocket, a dress or a woman's hair. This book is written in a poetic form.  It truely shows the struggle of men looking for jobs what the jobs consist of when they get them.  Their relationship is stronger than any other relationship. They are bonded together by the care they have for each other.  Unfortunatley, there is a time when you have no control of your friend's fate...
0812523334|5.0|Little Women, being one of the classics of American literature, is not surprising to be said one of the best books I have ever read.  The story revolves around the home life of four close sisters and two strong, moral parents.  As Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy grow up, their adventures and mishaps provide examples for any reader of all ages.  As they grow up, they struggle with many ideas.  First, they are constantly troubled by the necessity of being good, even when they want to be bad.  Second, as they grow up, they confront different types of relationships with boys.  Friendship turns into love and vice versa, making a strong theme of gender relations.  The girls also struggle with the ideas of motherhood, sisterhood, pride, education, and marraige.  Finally, two of the most important ideas in the novel are dreams and work. The girls spend their childhoods and adult lives trying to balance the two and fulfill both necessities. Also, throughout the book, society is explained, the harsh winters are described, and the profound work ethic of the people is portrayed to give the reader a strong sense of what it was like to be living during the 19th century.  The book gives the reader some mportant guidance to people in similar circumstances in their adolescent years.  The novel motivates positive decision making, looks past materialism, teaches morales, and shows us the importance of real happiness.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|More than two decades later, &quot;London Calling&quot; still sounds ahead of its time. Comparisons to &quot;Exile,&quot; &quot;Never Mind The Bullocks,&quot; &quot;Raw Power&quot; and &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; have been made, and that's not a bad thing, seeing that all bands mentioned are whisked away a category in the process. Save for &quot;Exile,&quot; &quot;London Calling&quot; transcends the listed albums. It's an album that searches for a center, but in the end creates its own. Not much has touched &quot;London Calling&quot; before in terms of adventure, and as sure as it gets, nothing has since. The Clash embraced every genre they could get their hand on here and molded them to their own stylings. And, most important, they had the brassies to do so, win or lose. And yes, that's Montgomery Clift, Honey!
B00004YTXH|5.0|Ennio Moricone is one of the finest composer in the industry. His best work is the great soundtrack for &quot;The Mission&quot;, where he capture the soul of the south american natives and the european conquers. But, before &quot;The Mission&quot; he created the sound of the western. A great CD for collection.
0399146253|2.0|Oh boy. Well, it's at least better than Point Of Origin or Black Notice. The writing's erratic, and Scarpetta herself is gloomier than ever, but the plot is kept fairly simple and is all the better for it. Lucy is still the Greatest Genius Woman Who Ever Lived -- one wonders if in the next book she'll run for president -- and if you haven't been following the Scarpetta books you won't understand a single word. Still, it's a page-turner, although I regret that the zippy prose and downright believability of Cornwell's first four books has seemingly vanished forever. She simply takes herself -- and Scarpetta, and Lucy -- far too seriously.
B000002PCS|5.0|The movie Somewere in time, is one of my all time favorite love stories. But i dont think the movie would have touched me as much, with out the support of this beautiful music.This soundrack has the kind of music, that when close your eyes it will take you away.... I love to do that when i am listening to it. It gives me an escape from reality when i have had a really long day. Somewere in time is pure magic!
B00003CWTH|5.0|Magnolia is one of my favorite movies of all time...I can understand why some people would dislike Magnolia. It's very long, it has some very depressing parts, and it has a rather odd sense of humor to it. And the frog and &quot;Wise Up&quot; sing-along scenes are a little hard to swallow at first, although &quot;Wise Up&quot; is one of my personal favorite parts of the movie and I've come to love the frogs, too.<br />Anyway, Magnolia is definitely worth renting in my opinion. You may end up hating it passionatly and thinking it's the worst piece of crap ever made, but on the other hand, you may discover an emotional, deeply moving, and beautiful movie. Either way, I doubt you'll think it's so-so.
B00000JCY0|5.0|This is not only one of the best albums released by The Sweet, but definitely one of the best hard-rock albums ever released. The band here tried to abandon their teenybopper image and transferred to powerfull rhythmic attack hard-rock. It was their peak hour and after its release in 1974 this album successfully competed with Deep Purple albums. Only 3 songs here were written by prolific tandem Chinn-Chapman, all the rest (but one) are their own. But in my opinion the BMG Germany 1999 release is not the best. It does not contain the proper booklet ! I own different release by Chinn-Chapman's publishing company Chinebridge Ltd. released this album directly (also digitally remastered) in 1998 with 2 bonus tracks. My CD contains all the original artwork from LP inner sleeve and full lyrics. And CD is made in USA! I wonder why it is not available here in Amazon and they advertised only import release. All in all, this is a hard-rock classic undoubtedly and original LP was never released in the USA. Just for your information - this not the first appearance of this album on CD ! Way back in 1989 British Castle Communications released a compilation The Sweet - The Collection (which was a copy of double LP set while 1 song was omitted) where one could find ALL original 9 tracks from Sweet Fanny Adams but NOT in original running order. And the sound quality was awful. Better buy this ! RECOMMENDED !
B00004Y6TQ|4.0|I agree with the other reviewers:  I'd prefer the movie soundtrack over this version--much as I like Thom's vocal over the original Jeff's voice!;  I'd prefer the movie's version of Scatterheart and In the Musicals, starring Joel Grey's voice additions, over the CD version; I also didn't like to pay full price for an EP (but I'll do it this time, thinking there may not be another recording of this spellbinding music).  But let me add a new point to this ongoing discussion...<br />...Broadway?<br />If Paul Simon, Pete Townsend and Elton John can do it--Billy Joel has recently been approached to do the same--perhaps Bjork might expand the score a bit and put this dark vision on Broadway.  I think that might be awesome.<br />So Bjork...will there be an original cast album coming?  Or at the very least, a more complete and original movie soundtrack coming?
B00003CXE7|5.0|What is the best part of this DVD? Everything! The movie works at every level. It is a compelling story told by a strong cast, backed by breathtaking cinematography and a haunting musical score. It is an unparalled blend of action, morality and romance. The movie presents without preaching what every man should want to be, heroic without conceit, loyal to self and family without compromise, cognisant of duty without ambition.<br />This would easily make my list of 10-best movies. As much as I enjoyed Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, I think Gladiator surpasses it at every point. It is a movie that will cause you to pause and think weeks after you see it.
B00004SU5J|5.0|I originally heard St Germain's \\"Rose Rouge\\" as the music in a commercial for the 2000 NFL Playoffs (\\"Show me Something\\"), and thought it was really something unique with a special sound. I then bought the CD to use \\"Rose Rouge\\" in a skit for a sales presentation.  Something funny happened, once I listened to the entire disc I was immediately hooked on it.  My world was introduced to this jazzy/house-mix brand of european dance funk..of course, more jazz feel than I ever expected being a huge jazz fan.  After the presentation, there were folks coming up to me asking about the music I used and who was it.  They also wanted to listen to the entire disc and once they did, were sold on the CD and said they were off to buy it.  This is an amazing compilation of songs that boast some accomplished musicans and a wonderful sample of blues great John Lee Hooker on the moanin' \\"Sure Thing\\".  The music here from tracks 1 - 9 are just captivating and refreshing to hear in this context. This is one of the few CDs I own where I do not have an absolute favorite tune however, \\"So Flute\\" is a song that will just mesmerize you with its great flute solo and deep house groove.  There may not be another CD of this genre that can top this.  Ludovic Navarre is a gifted DJ/artist and this is his best effort, period.<br />(sidenote) I orginally reviewed this album 2 years ago and entered a ridculously insipid column and rated it 4 stars. This is my update after countless listenings of this phenomenal disc.  Great stuff for the musically adventurous listener.
B00004Y6NK|1.0|Miss you and It's in the way that you use it might figure on 'All the almost OK songs of the 80's', a single cd hopefully to be released someday that summarizes EC's 80's output.<br />At this point in time it looked as if he was better while on drugs and alcohol in the 70's. He would return to (almost) his former glory however by 24 nights / Unplugged / From the cradle.
0385472951|5.0|I consider this to be Grisham's best book.  It has a snappy story line with a nicely complex plot, believable characters and a really good twisted ending (which I have to confess I had not anticipated).<br />This is one of those books which you pretty much end up reading at one sitting - you know the type, where you'll just read one more chapter before putting it down, and before you know it, you've finished.<br />A very enjoyable book, great for Mr Grisham's existing fans, and a good place to start for new ones.
B00004XONN|1.0|This album is to music what Andy Warhol was to art -- a retelling of &quot;The Emporer's New Clothes.&quot;  For all its hype and great reviews, I found this album to be comletely unlistenable.  The whiny vocals over abstract music reminded me of a Tori Amos concert -- no rhythm, no purpose, just an intense feeling that if this is where music is headed, I don't want to go.
B00004SCX6|5.0|This album proves that Britney Spears is not a fad or a passing phase.  She is the real deal.  To this date she has sold 8 million copies of this cd.  She is good.  <br />As far as album material, I think it is better than Baby One More Time.  I like.  Oops I Did it Again, Stronger, Lucky, Dear Diary, and What You See I what you get.  <br />The cd flows a lot better than the original.  I don't have to really pick and choose when listening to this album.  So Track listing.   1. Oops...I Did It Again 5/5 definately the best on the cd.  A good choice for an opening single 2. Stronger 4.9/5 a close second to my fav. song.  You can feel the energy in the song.  3. Don't Go Knocking On My Door.  4/5 A good song.  Sounds a lot like Pink.  4. (I Can't Get No) Satifaction 2/5 not Britney's Best.  Rolling Stones does it better.  It is also too quiet. 5. Don't let me be the last to know. 4.5/5 A good song written by Shania Twain and her ex-husband/mananger.  Really good.  6. What You See (Is what you get).  4/5  A good song that just tells it straight out.  7. Lucky 4.5/5 a good song that is meant to describe Britney. It was a little overplayed.  good message.  8.  One Kiss From You 3.8/5 Pretty good. not quite as good as others but good anyway.  9.  Where Are You now  3/5.  A little too slow, kinda drags on.  10.  Can't Make You Love Me.  3.5/5 a good moderate song that give you the right feeling.  11.  When Your eyes say it 3.6/5  Pretty good love song.  Still slow but good.  12.  Dear Diary 4.4/5  a good song that the story of how girls emotions work.  Very educational if you need that.<br />Overall good Album
6305903182|5.0|I would just like to say that this was a great way to end the Scream series.  It was filled with as many thrills as it was with laughs.  This is definatly a must-see movie.  Watch for cameos by Kevin Smith and Jason Mewes as Silent Bob and Jay from movies like Mallrats and Dogma (Also great movies).
B00000C35Z|5.0|I have the very original release of the LP on the metal indie Megaforce, released just before Elektra here signed them and reissued the LP only a few months later, making the Megaforce original a collector's item.  Just total kick@$s metal all the way! The bonus CD could be \\"Jump in the Fire\\", but I aine sure.  On Vertigo or Sony (Japan).
0375420525|1.0|If I asked a grad literature class the task of writing something that would merge &quot;Finnigan's Wake&quot; with the script from &quot;Night of the Living Dead&quot; and put it in the context of a freshman survey text about Western Art, this novel could possibly be the outcome. I enjoy reading and I enjoy books, especially ones that have muti-tasks.  In this case, a door stop comes to mind, not to mention the number of artistic blank pages..great for taking notes by the telephone!  Just flip radomly and there you are with acres of blank page. And yes, I get the point of the author's message..over and over.  I guess I'am just &quot;not there&quot;, maybe locked into one of the many endless hallways of my mind.. The book has interesting parts, don't misunderstand, but this thing is work, and if I want to work to read, I take James Joyce anytime. I also suspect that the real author is more than one person and just having some fun with us.  If you like puzzles, riddles and brain pain, this is your bonanza!
B00000724P|5.0|I have the LP of this, but it's on two so it'd fit and sound better.  I was 8 when the video for &quot;One&quot; came out.  That's how I first heard of Metallica.  Having grown up on '80s MTV, that's how me and most people got to hear of all the stars we know and love.  They never did a real video before &quot;one&quot; thinking it wasn't their forte, but &quot;One&quot; opened more doors for them. Newsted's bass is buried in the mix and has the guitars at the forefront.  This was the first studio album with him after Cliff Burton's untimely death ('Re-revisited' was a covers EP which is now on 'Garage, Inc.', so it doesn't count).
B00004TEWP|5.0|How do you qualify this CD?? PERFECT. It has everything a person wants to hear. Good Lyrics, Great Beats, Dance Breaks, Bye Bye's, Love, and stuff like that. You want a Good lyric and love song at the same time, you've got Heart. That is so far the greatest song i have ever heard in my entire life. Britney has won my vote for life. Its has such a beautiful melody and the way she sings it and the lyrics make any big bad boy or girl weep and want his/her mommy like crazy. Great beat, dance break, bye bye, and you've got Stronger. The Video rules and she looks awesome. The other songs are cool and fun to listen to like Don't Go Knockin On My Door and lucky and i love One Kiss from you. This album is worth paying the ... dollars it costs. It's worth it!!!!!!!! BRITNEY SPEARS RULES AND HEART IS THE GREATEST SONG EVER AND IT SHOULD BE A VIDEO!!!!!A HEARTBREAKING-CHART TOPING SINGLE AND VIDEO!!!!!!
B00000C35W|5.0|Called the black album (like the white album 'The Beatles' with the name embossed), this CD got a Diamond Award recently for selling 10x Platinum. The (actual) review writes itself. 'Nuff said! The Japanese CD (on Sony) has \\"So What\\" as a bonus, a favourite of an old friend of mine. That's also on 'Garage Inc.'.  That could be this one.  I dunno what the bonus CD5 would be here, but I tried moving my U.S. copy (on Elektra) into a double case with an import of \\"Sandman\\", but the demo was an instrumental, and it may as well be used for karaoke!<br />For 110% die-hard-core fanz only!  Released on Vertigo unless the ones mentioned above.
B0000541VS|5.0|This is an amazing and at the same time a chilling, mournful movie about four boys who lost their innocence and their souls due to the horrifying perverted and brutal acts committed by men who were supposed to guard and protect them and the concequences after the brutalities that continued to haunt them years later.<br />Jason Patrick and Brad Pitt portray two of the youths in later life, and their haunted look is prevelant wherever they are.  Minnie Driver is a woman who has known all the boys since childhood and Robert DeNiro is the priest who is the caretaker and finds out about the brutalities in the detention center years to late.<br />All of the actors in this movie do an outstanding job, Kevin Bacon is the character you love to hate in this movie, in one of the rare instances where he is evil in a movie.  I wont go into the plot, but this is a movie that is for adults and not for children.<br />This is a movie that reaffirms that we all our responsible for the welfare and safety of children and if we are not responsible and if justice is not served then we all suffer for it.
B000002GI0|4.0|Paper Thin is just one of the great songs on the album.  Tennessee Plates is another great tune.  The band is excellent and Hiatt's lyrics/vocals are supberb.  I have been a fan of John Hiatt since BRING THE FAMILY and this album does not disappoint.  Buy it.
B00003CXE7|2.0|Just what we need. Hollywood has outdone itself. A new low in bogus history and gratuitous ultra-violence. It appears that our kids haven't yet been fed enough ignorance and callousness to human life. Excellent technical production, very good acting, corny script, and criminal intent by our commissars of popular culture. In a more enlightened society, the purveyors of this poison would be dragged from their Rolls-Royces and shot.
0452281881|5.0|I read this book shortly after resigning from a major New York advertising agency, where I'd spent eleven years of my precious time on the planet.  Even though E is set in London, so very much of this book rang stingingly true, hilariously true. Moreover, if you work in IT at an ad agency, as I did, this book should serve as a real wake up call.  I reiterate the comments of another reviewer:  If you work in advertising, this book is for you.  Personally, I'm buying up copies for all of my former colleagues.
B00003CXAR|5.0|I have purchased the DTS version of Jaws on DVD. The video quality of the DVD compared to VHS is almost indistinguishable, but the sound quality is amazing. DTS really makes the movie come alive.
0792844939|2.0|A terrible movie whose only interest today is that it premiered the song &quot;New York, New York&quot;. Liza Minnelli was already on her downward spiral when she was cast in this-and it shows. There is no chemistry between Deniro and Minnelli here and the opening scenes when Deniro spots Minnelli with her awkward, homely looks in a crowd and immediately falls for her is absurd. There is no reason for these two to be together but the movie waddles on disastrously. This movie bombd in the theatres and it is easy to see why. The supposedly show stopping finale is on of the weakest performances of the title song you will ever see. Scorcese seems to be coasting on this one. He probably knew that he had a turkey on his hand but tried to make the best of it.
0790749815|5.0|I reviewed the widescreen version of &quot;North by Northwest&quot; here as soon as it debuted in August 2000 on Turner Classic Movies, assuming it was the same as the broadcast edition. The cable version (which I checked on several showings) was pretty disappointing, with a noticable and irritating shift to pinks and reds that left the actors looking as though they had spent too long under a sunlamp. I've finally purchased the DVD and, thankfully, the color balances look pretty much as I remember them from the first screenings of the film in theaters in the summer of 1959. Still, this isn't a &quot;restoration&quot; in the strict sense; the improvements aren't as major as those on &quot;Rear Window&quot; and &quot;Vertigo.&quot; But the studio seems to have kept the negative in good shape, unlike Hitchcock, who mostly kept the Paramount films he owned out of release and let them deteriorate for decades. But the ugly question remains, did Turner and Warners INTENTIONALLY screw up the color on their broadcast version to encourage fans to buy the DVD?
B000002UJQ|5.0|After 1995's critically and commercially successfully 'The Bends', Radiohead have made a vivid and diverse masterpiece that will be regarded as a timeless classic in years to come when other so-called classics will be forgotten (step forward The Verve's 'Urban Hymns'). Every track on the album is brilliant in its own right, but where the album really succeeds is as an album as a whole where each track effortlessly merges in each. 'OK Computer' is a dense and weighty piece of work going into different directions from its predecessor. 'Airbag' starts with distorted guitars that misguides the listener who thinks the record will contain a selection of accessible rock songs. 'OK Computer' is more thoughtful and fragile especially during the wonderfully bleak 'Exit Music (For A Film)' and 'The Tourist'. The most epic track is 'Paranoid Android' with its three part structure not unlike that of Queen's 'Bohenium Rhapsody' showing how prog-rock is really done. The album reaches its peak on songs like 'Climbing Up The Walls' and 'Lucky', and at it's most radio-friendly on 'No Surprises' with a delicate chiming sound and weary vocals. The lyrics deal with Thom Yorke's obsessions with death, fears and aliens. For example, in 'Subterranean Homesick Alien', seagull guitars and a trilling piano draw attention away from it's weird lyrics about &quot;aliens peer down on human folly shooting home movies&quot;. With 'OK Computer', Radiohead remain one step ahead of their peers with a complex and dynamic masterpiece.<br />In short, buy this record if you are looking for something a bit different and are tired of the endless recycled pop music clogging up the music charts.
B00003CXGG|4.0|This is a great movie for anyone who loves martial arts.  The fighting scenes are beautifully choreographed.  I especially love the scene where Jet Li uses Aaliya's body to fight off a female attacker.
B00000JCOV|5.0|'You can't stop the pain...' begins opening song '(sic)' which pretty much sums up Slipknot the aural equilivent of your worst nightmares set to music. The surprise success of the self-titled debut album could be thanks to the so-called non-image of the band members but if it were not for the intense and frankly brilliant music to back up the hype Slipknot would even get this far. 'Surfacing' and 'Eyeless' are the best examples of post-Millennium tension from the American metal scene at the moment that not even the up-coming System Of A Down can compete. Forget the masks and hysteria because like Marilyn Manson there is substance as well as style. 'Wait and Bleed' is the first single, which was a wise choice as it is the most accessible moment on the album, all guitars and catchy hooks. However the most complete and terrify musical moment on the disc has to be the closing track 'Scissors', an eight minute plus frightening collision of fear and loathing. The closing pain of the song feels very similar to that of Korn's 'Daddy' from their debut release back in 1994.<br />The influences are evident on Slipknot that lessens the &quot;classic&quot; status of the album as the artists Korn, Sepultura and White Zombie are clear reference points. Also, will the album be revered in the same way in five years to come? Only time will tell, as the best and most memorable songs on the album are the first five tracks. It will be difficult to predict how Slipknot will develop as a band as the members cannot hide behind their masks all the time and the novelty will eventually wear off. Look at what happened to Kiss in the early 1980s! From the evidence shown on the debut release, the musicians are good enough to survive the downfall other hype bands face. This record is best heard cranked up and loud, designed for furious mosh-pit action. Let the sickness begin.
630575067X|2.0|I am a huge Star Wars fan, but I found this movie very disappointing.  The movie didn't make any sense to me, until I read some of the preliminary writing for the movie (which I read after seeing it).  When I think of some of the great writing that has been done in the Star Wars universe, it makes this movie even more depressing.  The effects are beautiful, but who cares if the story doesn't work?
B000002A3T|5.0|The debate rages on--and is likely to continue for as long as original Pink Floyd fans face off against a new crop of younger kids who believe that post-Roger Waters hasn't harmed the band in any way.  I find myself somewhere in the middle.  Do I miss Roger Waters?  Of COURSE I do, he is a musical genius (even if a bit arrogant) and you cannot lose someone of his talent and still remain the same.  HOWEVER, no matter HOW you view his departure, the rest of the band has been able to fill that void with a couple of CD's (and a couple Live releases as well) that allowed Gilmour and others to shine in ways they never could in the shadow of Roger.  Of COURSE, Pink Floyd will always be a better band united rather than divided much like The Beatles were better together than individually--but even without Waters their last couple of CD's were amazingly good...this one being the better of the two (although I would place 'On The Turning Away' at the same level as ANY previous Floyd song).<br />I have been in radio for years, and if the response to Pink Floyd's music by the listeners I have talked to is any indication, folks miss Roger, but they welcome (the majority anyway) Pink Floyd anyway they can get it, and view the band without him as still very worthy.  I have had debates with my listeners sometimes for hours--some of them open minded, some view supporting Pink Floyd without Waters' as a traitorous act, well I consider myself a very open-minded person when it comes to music--ALL kinds of music, and 'The Division Bell' truly is a Pink Floyd album in all respects...not as good as 'The Wall' or 'Animals' or one of the all-time classics, 'Dark Side of The Moon' but STILL, a top notch CD with some masterful music performed by some of the best in the business.  True fans will appreciate this album because no matter what your views may be, this is just good rock &amp; roll music.<br />-DJ Jazzy Jeff
6305657939|4.0|I would definitely see this movie again.  It was a pleasant surprise among the usual drab scenarios.  It is a clever little mind puzzle, but not too heavy for a Friday night.
0767802659|1.0|it's hard to believe anybody (except maybe the actors) thinks this movie is anything but awful.  it is in no way representative of the book. Heinlein's book is great.  this movie bites.  it really  deserves zero stars.  this movie sucks.  while it is true that the treatment of women in the book was reflective of a mindset that is no longer in vogue, it was nonetheless accurate and gentlemanly at the time to treat women defferentially and to exclude them from any involvement in a fight (nevermind as participants in a war).  no matter what hollywood thinks, it is permissible to portray that attitude in a science fiction movie, even today, and taking that aspect out of the script in making the movie has resulted in this trashy rendition of a masterpiece of fiction.  also, the simple number of combatants shouldn't have been changed - in the book there are about 10,000 soldiers in the universe, and a few are used per planet to devestate an entire planet.  in the movie they kill 10,000 in the first few minutes, it seems.  and the weaponry showed a complete lack of imagination, unlike the book.  pure crap of a movie.  a festering garbage heap of acting, as well (with minor, not noteworthy exceptions).  don't waste your money. get Predator or Bladerunner, instead.
B00003CX8I|4.0|I enjoyed this movie immensely.  I am a big fan of movies made from comics, even the B-type ones (which this is not).  This one is pretty good, and definitely sets itself up for sequals.  I recomend it for anyone who enjoys comic book heros.
0385484518|4.0|This is a wonderful book about learning life's lessons.  It is written simply to bring home the themes of the novel.  It's a wonderful book to read and a very important one.
0446605409|4.0|John Corey is a convalescing NYPD homicide cop in Long Island after gunshot wounds received in the line of duty.  Corey does not like to play by the rules and his keen instinct lead him to solving the mystery of the murder of his two friends.  Corey, while arrogant at times, is still a very likeable character for his undaunted determination for tracking down the killer.<br />     This is my third Nelson Demille book after Charm School and Lion's Game, both of which I highly reccommend.  Nelson Demille's strength is in his clever writing and humor.  It is also a very good read if you enjoy murder mysteries.  If you like John Corey, you should also go on to read Lion's Game, where John Corey tries to outwit a Libyan terrorist with a score to settle.
B00004WEJZ|4.0|Holding the rights to Thunderball, Kevin McClory decided to make a new Bond Film in 1975.  Amazingly enough, Sean Connery was interested in playing Bond again if he had script approval.  The film originally was going to only loosely based on Thunderball, but after a few years of legal battles with EON it became simply a remake of that earlier film.  Still, it is a good Bond film, even though it does have its flaws.  The most obvious strength that Never Say Never Again has is Connery, Sean Connery.  Even though he looked his age, he looked fit and ready for the usual Bond action.  In fact, he looked like he was in better shape than he was for his last Bond film, Diamonds Are Forever, in 1971.  The plot of the film very closely follows that of Thunderball, with some updating of the details and technology for 1983.  Director Irvin Kershner (The Empire Strikes Back) does a fine job with the movie, and the cast gives some excellent performances (including Klaus Maria Brandauer as Largo, Barbara Carerra as Fatima Blush - her performance and character seems to be the blueprint for Xenia Onatopp from Goldeneye, Kim Basinger as Domino, Bernie Casey as Felix Leiter, and the great Max Von Sydow as Blofeld).  The weaknesses of the film?  It doesn't quite LOOK as spectacular as the official Bond films - it has a lower budget look to it than the EON films.  Another flaw: the characters of &quot;M&quot; and Nigel Small-Fawcett, both of whom seem like they belong in a Bond spoof rather than the real thing.  Both of them ruin their respective scenes due to the attempts at comedy by Edward Fox and Rowan Atkinson.  The music is often great (some really good Jazz), but at other times seems inappropriate for particular scenes.  The lack of the &quot;James Bond Theme,&quot; also detracts a little from the film (but not much).  But when you've got Sean Connery, a solid plot, and a good (overall) supporting cast, you've got a winner.  NSNA could have been better, but for a Bond film outside of the official EON Productions banner Never Say Never Again acquits itself quite nicely.  It's a shame that the DVD wasn't given the Bond Special Edition treatment, but it is still worth buying anyway.e of the official EON Productions banner Never Say Never Again acquits itself quite nicely.  It's a shame that the DVD wasn't given the Bond Special Edition treatment, but it is still worth buying anyway.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn has a unique style that sets her apart from the rest.  Every song in this CD will do all of the following: 1)make your foot bounce to the beat 2)make you thing deeply about the lyrics 3)make you find yourself recognizing the sheer emotion coming form her vocal chords 4)make you want to dance 5) make your foot bounce.  It's originality in itself makes it worthy of praise, but it's practically just brings it on home.  This is a MUST for any hardcore hip-hop fans.
B00004YKUX|4.0|Another shining example of how the worldly-wise can provide re-interpretations of songs that outshine the originals.  Johnny Cash astounds even further with a faade of austere, almost deadpan vocal delivery that still cannot mask how intimately he connects with the subject matter of the songs.  This album bridges generations of musical interpretation and insight, as veteran Cash tackles material from both sides of the contemporary spectrum: that of marginalised and more extreme tunesmiths (Will Oldham, Nick Cave) as well as work by half-decent songwriters who have been more concerned with commercial success than breathing life into their own creations (Tom Petty, Neil Diamond, U2).
B000002P5W|5.0|I first heard Jimi Hendrix in 1966 or so.  The album was Hendrix Experience.  The first song I heard was Purple Haze.  I thought the record was skipping or the needle was dirty.  After three years of Beatle wanna-bees;  I loved it. It wasn't until I heard Axis, a short time later, that I really got caught up in the true Hendrix experience.  Axis was Hendrix at his best, in his best element.  His humor and personality came alive on those tracks.  He was no longer experimenting with sound as he did on his first major Lp.  On Axis he showed that he had mastered the art of sound shaping with his axe.  He was still in control of many facets of his life during that session.  It shows best on cuts like Little Wing and Spanish Castle Magic.  Castles made of Sand is probably one of the most intuitive and sensative views of the frailty of humanity that I ever heard.  He no longer copied Bob Dylan's lyric voicing.  Now he had found his own true voice.   It is frustrating to realize that &quot;Axis: Bold as Love&quot; is probably the last musical project Jimi completed where he was still able to communicate with the world as a human being who was in control of his art.  Up from the skies and One Rainy Wish are examples of the broad scope of his genius;  going from Shakespearian whimsey to the depths of romance. &quot;Bold as Love&quot; and &quot;6 was 9&quot; are probably the songs closest to his earlier &quot;Experience&quot; Lp stylings that earned him the unfortunate title of Acid King...... The album &quot;Axis, Bold as Love&quot; is really a wonderful, one of a kind in a life time collection of incredibly creative and imaginative songs.  I wish every day that Jimi had stayed on the track that led him to Axis.  It boggles the imagination to try and think where it may have taken him.  I am proud to say I am left handed, too.  And I have played lead guitar even before I was introduced to Jimi Hendrix' music.  I have tried to grasp parts of his mastery of the instrument all mylife.  I will be an old or dead man before I can ever say that I managed to play any Hendrix passage with the feeling or understanding that he had on even the simplest of his songs.
B00000APLB|4.0|Although this two cd set is nowhere near as good as &quot;Get Yer Ya Yas Out,&quot; I won't badmouth it. It's still the Stones. The songs seem a little rushed on this one.Jagger is the ultimate showman,and the Stones play a large set to please their fans.The El Mocambo tunes are a nice contrast to the arena favorites.I've seen them 4 times from L.A. to Fl. and the &quot;Love You Live&quot; set is in my collection to stay.
0843178086|5.0|How can anyone *not* love these books? &quot;Mr. Funny&quot; is especially dear. In a few, short pages this character spreads the news that laughter cures all. Who needs to sit through 2 hours of &quot;Patch Adams&quot; when you can read this little book in under five minutes?
0553573403|4.0|A Game of Thrones is a large, sprawling, engaging story about a group of people and how their lives are shaped by power, ambition, treachery, deceit, and murder.  In a land where seasons can last years, Eddard Stark is asked by his good friend King Robert to take a job at that has recently been vacated by Eddard's brother-in-law.  Reluctant because he does not like to become involved in royal politics, Eddard nevertheless agrees and moves his family to court.  Eddard quickly learns that his doubts were well founded.  There is more than meets the eye in this job and Eddard soon realizes that his predecessor was investigating areas that could prove very dangerous.  Court life is rife with plots, counter plots and power plays and the Stark family becomes ensnared in situations for which they are woefully unprepared.<br />Meanwhile half way around the world, Viserys and Daenerys, children of the previous king,  are plotting a triumphant return.  They view King Robert as nothing but a usurper and vow to raise an army to smash his kingdom.  Travelling through far-away sun-baked lands, Daenerys finds herself surrounded by strangers who may not have her best interests in mind; a brother whose ambitions may lead her into danger; and a series of events that leave her changed forever.<br />And, while the mere mortals are playing the game of thrones, up in the north, a legend has come to life.  Will they see the danger before it is too late?<br />I invite you to meet Ned, Catelyn, Tyrion, Arya, Sansa, Daenerys, Jon and all the rest of the incredibly wonderful characters in this most excellent beginning to what promises to be a most excellent series.<br />Back in 1997, I had just finished reading the most recent installment of Robert Jordan's &quot;Wheel of Time&quot; series.  Since that series was far from finished and I was still in an &quot;epic fantasy book&quot; mode, I was desperately casting around for something similar.  I happened across an on-line bboard that was discussing 'A Game of Thrones.'  The praise was universal and it seemed to fit the bill of what I was looking for. So I found a copy and began to read.  It is only like &quot;Wheel of Time&quot; up to a point.  The similarities with WOT lie in the fact that 1) it is a multi-volume series and 2) it has lots of characters.  The two series are very, very different.  However, I think Jordan fans will really enjoy this book<br />I was immediately taken in by the atmosphere of the book. It is chock full of symbolism and foreshadowing. But it is also very grounded and down to earth.  This book has quite a large cast of characters.  It is a fully realized world with a history, customs, landscapes, legends and a wide range of people.  Yet, the story is told through the viewpoints of a very small, select number of  characters.  Through their eyes you get to see events unfold.  This has the wonderful effect of not only allowing you to get to know the character whose viewpoint you're reading at the time in a very intimate way, but also allows the author to reserve the right to revisit an event through the eyes of another character and thereby give the same event an entire new meaning for the reader.<br />Characters in this book are noble, evil, good, cynical, nave and really, endearingly  flawed.  I have to applaud the author's willingness to sacrifice sympathetic characters as well as non-sympathetic ones.  He doesn't take the easy route and I think the book is all the richer for it.  I went back to reread this book after having read the 2nd and 3rd book of the series and I am pleased that it has held up beautifully to a reread.  If anything, going back to read it after reading the third book of the series has  made for a richer experience.  This is a maddening, wonderful, heartbreaking, exciting book and I cannot recommend it enough.discussing 'A Game of Thrones.'  The praise was universal and it seemed to fit the bill of what I was looking for. So I found a copy and began to read.  It is only like &quot;Wheel of Time&quot; up to a point.  The similarities with WOT lie in the fact that 1) it is a multi-volume series and 2) it has lots of characters.  The two series are very, very different.  However, I think Jordan fans will really enjoy this book<br />I was immediately taken in by the atmosphere of the book. It is chock full of symbolism and foreshadowing. But it is also very grounded and down to earth.  This book has quite a large cast of characters.  It is a fully realized world with a history, customs, landscapes, legends and a wide range of people.  Yet, the story is told through the viewpoints of a very small, select number of  characters.  Through their eyes you get to see events unfold.  This has the wonderful effect of not only allowing you to get to know the character whose viewpoint you're reading at the time in a very intimate way, but also allows the author to reserve the right to revisit an event through the eyes of another character and thereby give the same event an entire new meaning for the reader. <br />Characters in this book are noble, evil, good, cynical, nave and really, endearingly  flawed.  I have to applaud the author's willingness to sacrifice sympathetic characters as well as non-sympathetic ones.  He doesn't take the easy route and I think the book is all the richer for it.  I went back to reread this book after having read the 2nd and 3rd book of the series and I am pleased that it has held up beautifully to a reread.  If anything, going back to read it after reading the third book of the series has  made for a richer experience.  This is a maddening, wonderful, heartbreaking, exciting book and I cannot recommend it enough.
B000009RNM|5.0|If the music industry, like evolution, is about survival of the fittest, natural selection, and adaption to one's environment: then Bowie surely is the Master of Metamorphosis. However, many agree that he was at his best in the beginning, and here is great compilation of Bowie's work from the early years.<br />Bowie is not an artist who one would immediately fall in love with - however after a bit of listening his songs become more likeable. This album is a great introduction to the Ziggy Stardust years right until he turns into the Glam Rock era in the mid 70's.<br />Some noteworthy tracks on this album include: Space Oddity, Starman, Ziggy Stardust, Changes (the track that defines the artist himself) and The Man who Sold the World (later covered by Nirvana) to mention a few.  However there is a feeling that not all of his BEST tracks of the period were included.  However even if some of these tracks are not his &quot;best&quot;, this is still a brilliant album.<br />This is a good introduction to his early years, unfortunately as Bowie has changed so much over the years, a complete compilation of 30+ years of work would perhaps lack continuity.   <br />This is a timeless collection. A must for people interested/fascinated by Bowie or the music of this period.
B000002J1S|5.0|Just read all the other reviews.   It's true,this is beyond excellent once you get over the scare it can give you (musically speaken!).   Love to see this Live on Video or like The Wall try to put make a movie with the complete Story and  Music of REAL.
6304077955|5.0|hmmmmmmmm.  im reading the back of the video box and it claims that 'naked' is rather like a cross between 'one flew over the cukoos nest' and kerouac's 'on the road'.  well...i can see where someone may think that, but i would be more inclined to compare this with albert camus' 'the outsider' (yes, i know, it goes by another name here in america, which i cant recall as now, so why not look it up on the amazon book directory?).   it is a particularly existential view upon life, or life as seen from johnny's point of view.  its an extremely bleak look into london's naked underbelly, an exploration of all the people behind the scenes-the people that are never usually the subject matter in movies.  we meet lonesome alcoholic middle aged women, security guards, mancunians bored with the humdrum of london life.  they all seem boring at first glance, but as the film progresses we begin to feel uncontrollably involved with each character.  this movie puts light on life in the real world.  and it forces you to feel emotionally involved with the people.  sadly, and i think this was purposeful, i feel that most people will leave this movie despising most of the characters.  even the protagonist himself.  i think this, negative as it sounds, merely points out how powerful the acting, quick dialogue and direction of this movie really is.  if you want to be moved by a movie, watch this.
0316926345|4.0|This is not Waugh's best novel, but is perhaps his enduringly most popular thanks to Granada's immortalisation of the book in the film version with Jeremy Irons, John Gielgud, Lawrence Olivier, Anthony Andrews and others.  Often sentimental, often dogmatic, and even, in places, precious, Brideshead remains an important part of Waugh's fictional constructions.<br />Both a coming-of-age novel, and a paean to the English stately home, Brideshead melds history with fiction.  Beginning in the midst of WWII, the story weaves back to the narrator's time at Oxford, his interaction with the Flyte family and his introduction to their home, Brideshead.  The novel ends by returning to the wartime barracks and provides an image of post-war hope, despite the rain and the gloom and the depression of war and loss.  The hope does not stem from a regaining of the past, or the revival of the narrator's relationships with the Flyte family, but instead comes from his acceptance of the Catholic faith - which plays a large role in the novel, as both the narrator's foil and his eventual salvation.   <br />This novel may not sit well with readers who enjoyed novels such as Vile Bodies or Black Mischief or Scoop, but will appeal to readers who enjoy Waugh's humour without necessarily enjoying his usual acerbity.
B000002VCB|4.0|Alan Parsons and Eric Woolfson made &quot;Eve&quot; for to be listened by men, like a Women's attitude guide. They got it right, I mean, they got the perfect sound and correct lyrics -&quot;You lie down with dogs&quot;- in all the songs. My personal choice: &quot;Winding me Up&quot;, a song about the worst kind of women in the world: The so-called &quot;Ballheaters&quot;.<br />It was released in 1979, but still keeps its accuracy in the 21st century.
B000051VWW|3.0|I had originally slammed this album in my last review, giving it only two stars, but I found a copy on sale somewhere and decided to check it out anyway. This is a good album! Some sound advice: Don't ever review an album based on three or four 20 second sound clips, played through a telephone line!!! True, this album is nothing like any of her other efforts-there is a distinct reggae flavour to several songs, which I find very appealing. Naturally, the best song on this album, \\"All About Our Love\\", a beautiful, dubby track with an unusual time signature, is only 2 minutes long! Other notable tracks-Flow, King Of Sorrow, Slave Song, Immigrant. I would like to give this album 3 1/2 stars, but I can't give it four because of some of the really boring FF (Fast Forward) tracks-By Your Side, The Sweetest Gift and It's Only Love That Gets You Through. I don't like the acoustic angle of those songs, especially after rocking to that funky dub stuff!! This could have been a 5 star record if she would have juiced up the other jams with some dubby beats!<BR>With that said, I would advise anybody considering this album to listen to several good clips and make an informed decision. If you like Sade's traditional sound, you will be disappointed-but if you want to try something different with a slight reggae edge, give this a shot!<BR>ps-I heard a house remix of \\"By Your Side\\" that was excellent-proving the slow songs had great potential but weren't utilised to their fullest.
6305558167|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorite movies!  I love the medieval genre.  And this is the best rendition of King Arthur yet.  On another level, Monty Python's Search For The Holy Grail, is another fantastic one!
B000050IL0|5.0|Music is sound, not images.  There are a few cases when one can concentrate on the music when watching a video or DVD of an interpretation.  This is it!  The masterpiece where images do not interfere with the sound.  Only Glen Gould and a very few others have a technique so perfect and pure that it becomes irrelevant.  The interpretation, the feeling, the singing, and a virtuosity shown in this film are out of this world.  If only Bach could have seen and listen this DVD...
1573300659|5.0|This video collection re-proves his title.  It contains some rather riveting videos, and some that are just plain cool.  From the space adventure of &quot;Scream&quot; to the dramatic &quot;Earth Song&quot;, the cassete has it all.  A must have for fans!
B000056JYB|5.0|A classic of classics.  Can't Find My Way Home - ageless.  Presence of the Lord - what a great melody.  This recording improves with age.  A great cruising disc.  Love it, mean it.
0792846710|4.0|The premise of this movie sounds absurd, but it's actually a very entertaining story.  The ending is a let down.  Sure, the story is corny, so what?  It has a lot of qualities of 50's drive in movies which are generally corny but fun to watch.  My oldest daughter has always had a fear of clowns anyway-this movie is perfect for her (she's not a child anymore)  My wife thought I was making this movie up the first time we watched it, but she really enjoyed it as well.
B00004Y6O7|5.0|I think this is my only 5 star rating in a review.  I spent alot of time laying on my bedroom floor with my head between the speakers as a teenager listening to Eddie's incredibly layered guitar work.  There is a lot of production and over dubbing but it's so well done it doesn't distract from the music.  It's one of the few albums where I don't mind the overdubbing.  Micheal Anthony and Alex Van Halen provide a great anchor.  They really help elevate the guitar.  There are times that the drum and guitar act like one instrument.  And then there's David Lee Roth's vocals.  One of the things that originally drew me to Van Halen was the photos on the album covers.  The band was always smiling and laughing when other Heavy Metal bands were striking the glaring hard-ass poses.  This album has Dave and Michael laughing and cutting up all over the place.  It's a fun album that catches a wildly entertaining band at the peak of their form, before MTV and music videos turned them into court jesters.  To me this is the most under rated Van Halen album.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This is an incredible anime, not only because of the quality of the animation but the story is solid and there are several twists that anyone should be able to appreciate.  I usually do not recommend anime films for those who aren's familiar with the type of animation but this is a film that should be seen by all that like a good epic.  The action is well-placed and at times just unreal enough to make it even better.  The dub-job is amazing with an all-star cast from Hollywood and in my opinion is one of the few dubs I prefer of the subtitled.  Definitely a must-have for DVD since you'll want to watch it again and again.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I'm not one of those mindless reviewers who give any old album five stars (I gave U2's All That You Can't Leave Behind a good bashing) and I'm also not a Radiohead freak who would worship them if they sang the phone book. That being said, this is absolutely the coolest thing I have ever heard.<br />Amidst all the buzz about Kid A, I thought I should give Radiohead a try, but I wanted to start with OK Computer because it seemed to be more accessible. I bought it last night and after one listen, I was completely overwhelmed.<br />If you want to try Radiohead, start here and start now. This album is worth you dollars. Trust me.
0800129806|5.0|First Knight is an adaptation of the original Camelot legend. If you first fell in love with the character of Lancelot, as I did at thirteen, you may remember the musical of 1967 called Camelot. If you remember \\"If Ever I Would Leave You\\" or \\"I Wonder What the King is Doing Tonight,\\" you will not find any singing in this movie. This is a much more serious look at life in Camelot and the surrounding lands.<br /><br />What you might find is an ending which perhaps makes more sense, but is in fact not as tragic as one would expect. I will not spoil the ending for you. If you have seen the 1967 version, then you will enjoy comparing the two movies. I highly suggest you see both. It will be great fun to see the 1967 version if you love musicals. It will be so romantic to see this 1995 version if you enjoy seeing Richard Gere's acting (he is at his sexiest in this movie). I am also a Sean Connery fan and loved the fact that he and Richard were in the same movie. How would a girl decide when you give her the choice between two of the sexiest men in movies! Both Gere (Sir Lancelot) and Sean (King Arthur) gave one of their best acting performances.<br /><br />There are many fight scenes, which are not gory and are only to show the fight between the evil Prince Malagant and the good King Arthur. Prince Malagant is jealous of King Arthur's land of peace and justice. He leaves Camelot and the land is divided. This sets up the theme for good and evil. King Arthur must choose to stand by his convictions or compromise. What he chooses decides his fate.<br /><br />Julia Ormond plays a deep, thoughtful Lady Guinevere who truly does love King Arthur, but it undeniably and hopelessly drawn to Sir Lancelot. She is just lovely in this movie with her braided hair and innocent nature. She chooses country over passion. I absolutely adored her portrayal of Guinevere. The yellow rose petals at her marriage are very significant. Her medieval costumes and the scenes of her riding horses in the forests are not to be missed.<br /><br />The cinematography was excellent and the sweeping views of the English countryside could not have been better. Camelot looked magical and throughout the movie \\"fire\\" lent authenticity to the time period. The deep forests and misty scenes are just so wonderful. You will love the castle and excellent swordsmanship.<br /><br />If you love the acting of Richard Gere, Julia Ormond and Sean Connery, don't miss out on this movie.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Reviewmissed.     The cinematography was excellent and the sweeping views of the English countryside could not have been better. Camelot looked magical and throughout the movie \\"fire\\" lent authenticity to the time period. The deep forests and misty scenes are just so wonderful. You will love the castle and excellent swordsmanship.     If you love the acting of Richard Gere, Julia Ormond and Sean Connery, don't miss out on this movie.    ~The Rebecca Review
0553278355|4.0|Plath was an incredible and intense mind.  Through her writing, she sent emotions and feeling to an incredible amount of people.  The story of The Bell Jar is really Plath letting her being seep out onto paper.  The writing is classic and leads me to believe that the whole idea of &quot;sanity&quot; has become almost non existent, as well as overrated.
6300216039|5.0|When Franco Zeffirelli's Romeo and Juliet opens, we hear the same words we've heard countless times before, and yet the music, the view, and the voice immediately pull us in once more.  And this time, we get the idea that it's going to be special.  <br />The performances given by Olivia Hussey (Juliet) and Leonard Whiting (Romeo) are certainly not what is expected.  Hussey was only sixteen and Whiting one year her senior.  In a story that takes some stretch of the imagination to believe all the events that take place, it is a stroke of genius to have the actors be extremely close in age to the characters.  They do not nail the immortal words of Shakespeare as well as trained actors might, but we forget about this as their professions of love seem to be the heartfelt words of two young people very much in love.  We are easily able to believe that these people are wearing their own clothes rather than a costume.<br />Zeffirelli did omit quite a few scenes, but with the beautiful cinematography, they seemed unnecessary. The lighting in all scenes was brilliantly placed.  The two most important scenes, the balcony scene and the crypt scene, are examples of this.  The balcony scene occurs after the party where our two lovers meet.  Romeo has wandered inside the Capulets' walls and hears Juliet vocalizing her love for him and her consternation at finding that he is a hated Montague. &quot;Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?&quot;  He makes his presence known and they speak powerful words of love to each other and plan to meet the next day, when they will be married.  The lighting is such that we think this is real.  It is night.  They are in love.  This scene is so essential because we must believe their words wholeheartedly to be able to believe the rest of the story.  The actors and director pull it off beautifully.<br />The crypt scene is an equally important scene to orchestrate.   In it, cruel timing results in Romeo finding Juliet in a death-like state.  Julietthen awakens to find Romeo dead by his own hand in despair.  Where else can we find two lovers mourning for one another's deaths?  It is so improbable that it often seems contrived.  Yet here, it is wrenching.  Every time you see it, you keep hoping for her to wake up just a moment sooner.  The lights cause the atmosphere to be just what you would expect it to be.  The faint glow from the torches casts a small glimmer of hope into the dank gloom.  <br />The costumes, by Danilo Donati, won an Oscar and are a joy to watch.  They add color to what would otherwise be a rather toned down world of stone and the colors of nature.  The music, by Nino Rota, who composed the score for the Godfather movies, is exceptional and very well recognized.  On a side note, it is commonly known that Rota would hum the theme on set to Zeffirelli for approval.<br />Many stories lose their impact after countless viewings.  We can be grateful that Zeffirelli's version of Romeo and Juliet allows it to remain fresh and emotionally powerful.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I (like most) obtained this CD for its most popular track, &quot;Here with Me&quot; but fell in love with the entire CD.  My favorite track is the last one, &quot;Take My Hand.&quot;  If this song doesn't entice you to drop what you are doing and boogie like a Solid Gold dancer, then you must have ice in your veins.  To sum up, buy this CD, as it's worth every penny!
B00000IL26|5.0|I like a jazz recording that reaches up from the disc player and pokes me in the eye; something a little startling that contains the original energy of joy. Lee Morgan's &quot;Sidewinder&quot; is everything I look for in a jazz recording. Original. Unexpected. Joyous.
0517543052|5.0|Trying to describe the concepts expressed in this amazing book is akin to the proverbial five blind men each touching and then trying to describe an elephant.  The concepts herein are hinduistic in nature but certainly linked to any and all &quot;spiritual&quot; expressions.  The key to spiritual enlightenment is surrender - the surrender of desire, the surrender of ego attachments, the surrender of self - letting go of material attachments and becoming attuned with the &quot;quiet voice&quot; within all of us.  The highlight of this book, without a doubt, is the amazing middle section which, through alternately hilarious and sublimely profound psychedelic illustrations and writings, describes the wretched state of being trapped in a materialistic and ego-centered world and, even more amazingly, guides those seeking enlightenment on the path to &quot;moksha&quot; - the state where one's ego - even the material world - are released.  Words are useless when it comes to this undescribable place - referred to as the 'Sea of Existence'.  The bizarre illustrations may be off-putting at first but I've never before or since read anything quite like &quot;Be Here Now&quot;.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Limp Bizkit's in the house because they never left in the first place...this album doesn't let you down, contrary to what other people say.  Fred &amp; co. rip it up again on this album on excellent track after excellant track.  I mean, honestly, besides the intro &amp; outro, there isn't a single track to skip.  Limp Bizkit prove once again why they're the best.
0671867369|5.0|Ambrose uses massive amounts of research to tell the story of E Company, 506th Regiment, of the 101st Airborne.  I found myself compelled to read page after page, absolutely glued to the words.  I wanted to learn about what was happening to these brave men who I was starting to identify with and cheer for, individually and collectively.  I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in the &quot;elite&quot; units of WWII or anyone who just wants to read a good book.  I hope you buy this book and enjoy it as much as I did.
B000000W5L|5.0|Sandwiched between &quot;Sticky Fingers&quot; and &quot;Goats Head Soup&quot; this album is hard to explain. But why explain it? Just enjoy it. <br />You get the feeling that the Stones went into the studio and just let it rip. In a way, it can be compared to the Beatles' white album in its eclecticness, but it is much more coherent. While there are different styles, ranging from blues to country to gospel, the record is unified by its uniquely grungy atmosphere. There is a tired, world-weary darkness to the album, &quot;Torn and Frayed,&quot; some moments of  Tom Waits' rolling-around-in-the-dirt grossness, &quot;Turd on the Run,&quot; with moments of shining light, &quot;Let it Loose&quot; and &quot;Shine a Light.&quot;<br />1&amp;2) Rocks Off/Rip This Joint -  The album starts with a bang, from the weird, rockin' &quot;Rocks Off&quot; to the Richards gem, &quot;Rip this Joint.&quot; You won't find a better Richards tune. Mick's gargling break in the middle of &quot;Rock's Off&quot; mars an otherwise spectacular opening.<br />3) Shake Your Hips -  An eery, murky blues cover. One of the weaker tracks, but it sets the mood for the rest of the album.<br />4) Casino Boogie -  Can't understand most of the words. Keith is particularly nasal on this one. But it introduces the horn section in an  upbeat rhythm number.<br />5) Tumbling Dice -  It got radio play, but see how well it fits into the context of this album. <br />6) Sweet Virginia -  A gritty, soulful country number with a memorable scatalogical refrain featuring some great backing vocals. It also features a Tom Waits-ish vocal by Mick.<br />7) Torn and Frayed -  A countrified anthem to exhaustion. <br />8) Sweet Black Angel -  A murky, bluesy ode to a Black pin-up girl. Unfortunately most of the lyrics are indecipherable. <br />9) Loving Cup -  Great piano intro. One of the more joyful songs on the album. &quot;I'm the man who brings you roses when you ain't got none.&quot; But a little dirt still sticks, &quot;Do you want to push and pull with me all night?&quot; The rousing ending foreshadows the glorious &quot;Let it Loose.&quot;<br />10) Happy -  A Richards gem. Who doesn't &quot;need a love to keep me happy&quot;?<br />11) Turd on the Run -  A Tom Waits-ish roll in the mud. Sounds as if it was written after a visit to a whorehouse. &quot;Dirty hands, vaseline, you give me disease.&quot; Perhaps Mick gives us a glimpse into a dark soul.<br />12) Ventilator Blues -  A dark, ponderous, blues number. Another mood piece.<br />13/14) I Just Want to See His Face/Let it Loose -  Gospel was never like this. Man's greatest desire, to see the face of God, &quot;Don't want to walk or talk about Jesus/ I just want to see his face,&quot; expressed in a low, rumbling, reverberating, rhythm number. The track features a muffled Jagger vocal with suitablly soulful black backing vocalists. The somber mood lays the ground for the glorious &quot;Let it Loose.&quot;<br />The pent up emotion and desire for redemption explodes on &quot;Let it Loose,&quot; a glorious gospel-inspired explosion. The most hopeful, soulful song on the album builds to a glorious crescendo featuring a wonderful chorus and full-tilt horn section. There is no other Stones song like this. Oh, what might have been.<br />15) All Down the Line -  A straight-ahead, no frills rock number. A great one.<br />16) Stop Breaking Down -  One of the mood-creating rhythm tracks. Starts slow but builds to a rollicking end.<br />17) Shine a Light -  The coda to &quot;Let it Loose.&quot; &quot;May the good Lord Shine a Light on You/ make every song your favorite tune.&quot; Amen brother Jagger.<br />18) Soul Survivor -  A gritty end. The album ends on a hopeful note.
6305903182|5.0|Scream 3 was extremely breath-taking. This edge-of-your-seat thriller, box-office hit was one of the best horror films ever made. Wes Craven (A Nightmare On Elm Street) shines again in this exceptionally, brilliantly directed film. Beautifully scripted, and excellent acting.  While Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell: TV's Party Of five, Wild Things, The Craft) lives in safely guarded seclusion, bodies begin to pile up around the Hollywood set of Stab 3, the latest sequel based on the Woodsboro murders. And when the electrifying terror finally brings her out of hiding, Sidney and the other Woodsboro survivors, Deputy Dewey Riley, (David Arquette: Beautiful Girls, Scream) Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox Arquette: TV's Friends) join forces against the masked ghostface killer. Featuring newcomers Parker Posey (The House OF Yes, You've Got Mail) who gives us an oscar-worthy performance as Jennifer Jolie, and featuring, great actor, Scott Foley (TV's Felicity) in his film debut as Roman Bridger. Jenny McCarthy gives an awesome, well-acted cameo. I totally recommend this movie to all horror fans, and also to comedy fans. Scream is a slam-bang finish to this exceptionally clever trilogy. It's suspenseful, clever and very entertaining. The most terrifying scream is always the last. Be sure to buy or rent this movie, it's the year's best. This is the film to beat come oscar time.
B0000025KI|5.0|This is a very poigniant album and one of the best albums by any artist. Springsteen is very expansive on this album, touching on many different facets of life with a minimum of pretention.<br />My favorite songs are &quot;Point Blank&quot; and &quot;Stolen Car.&quot; Anyone who's lived through a failed relationship should be touched by these songs.<br />Parts of the album continue the ode to blue collar life begun in &quot;Darkness on the Edge of Town&quot;  including rockers like &quot;You Can Look but you Better Not Touch,&quot; &quot;Sherry Darling,&quot; and &quot;Out in the Streets.&quot; Then there is the heartfelt blue collar ballad, &quot;The River,&quot; as well as the other great ballads &quot;Fade Away&quot; and &quot;Independence Day.&quot;<br />Then you have a bunch of his best good-time, flat out fun, rocking numbers like &quot;Ramrod,&quot; &quot;Cadillac Ranch,&quot; &quot;I'm a Rocker,&quot;  and &quot;Crush on You.&quot; And don't forget the top ten &quot;Hungry Heart.&quot; Despite a variety of styles the album is a very unified whole.<br />This is Bruce at his best, which is to say, rock at its best. An essential CD.
B000002UB3|5.0|Abby Road hits every nail on the head. The song writing from all four Beatles show off what they stood for. And the intertwning string of songs from &quot;Because&quot; to &quot;The End&quot; feel like one giant song with every ounce of emotion and citerical humor being brought forth like an offering to a god. There is a lot to say but not as much if you don't listen to the album itself.
B00004STPT|5.0|wowwwww this soundtrack is awesome just like the movie.the main title music is one of my favorite.i think that its one of the best movie music of the year...if not the best.the combat music is very good.and the ending(now we are free)is great.buy this cd.long live hans zimmer!!!!!!!!
B00004X01U|4.0|...from ray of light. while it's obvious that this record is for the clubs, it's not as, how do we say it, as serious as ray of light. this is madonna in one of her partayyyyy moods, especially in the song 'music'. my favourite has to be don't tell me, it's a wonderfully weird and beautiful and profound... and it's just brill!!! while i'm *not* a dance/techno/garage/whatever type of music lover, i enjoy this cd coz essentially this is madonna. while i may not like the country outfit she insisted on using, i have to say only madonna can do this 180 degree turn and succeed in doing it too.'what it feels like for a girl' is another nice one... really madonna. i have to say this needs getting used to especially if you're not fond of dance and club thingy type of sounds, but it has enough of pop madonna music to stop it from being annoyingly techno. while i rate this a little bit lower than ray of light, i still think it deserve a look see.
B00004Z459|5.0|I bought Hybrid Theory with the expectations there would be 3 good songs and the rest would bite. But in actuality it is one of those rare albums you can listen to all the way through. The lead singer shows ecclecticy, which is unusual. Some songs are rapped, others are sang, some are a great mix. Lyrically sound and meaniful, they are a band that will be around a long while.
B00000IOSU|5.0|i basically came to know sarah mclachlan quite late. but i admit that while i'm no expert, i think that this cd is a good way for beginners (like myself) to get to know her music better.in this compilation of her live perfomances, you get a good dose of her popular songs and those that are less obscure. by listening to this album you can basically gauge your interst in her type of music and not just know her though the more radio friendly songs. and this one really proves that she have an exceptional voice, not the product of sound engineering. buy it
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I disagree with the person who said the collection was derivative and the remastering was poor.<br />These are not the Beatles songs that one hears on the radio. I was struck by the difference between those that have been critically acclaimed and remembered, such as &#34;Imagine&#34;, and those that reached number one on the charts. When is the last time you heard &#34;Paperback Writer&#34; or &#34;I Feel Fine&#34; on the radio? Yet these songs are great fun to listen to.<br /><br />The remastering is great!  It's wonderful to hear these old songs in stereo!<br /><br />Finally, the accompanying booklet -- at first I thought it was too minimalist. One page is devoted to each song, and contains pictures of the album on which it was released (as well as some foreign albums) and the single (45 rpm), the date it was recorded, when it reached number one in the US and the UK, and how long it was at #1. Now I think this is just perfect -- who needs someone's liner notes?  The pictures are fun to look at, and the information is essential (and sufficient) to the concept of this release.<br /><br />A very enjoyable listen indeed!
B00002MZ12|5.0|i love this recording... there's no way to say it really. it's a great alternative though not as fun as going to one of her concerts. her voice is just superb, proving that she is not like most artist nowdays who are so commercially produced that they lack authenticity and emotion. this alanis is a new person, contemplative, less angry and generally more subdued and matured. my favourite tracks includes &quot;king of pain&quot; a superb rendering of the police song, &quot;no pressure over cappucino&quot;, the really evocative &quot;that i would be good&quot; and &quot;joining you&quot;,which is wonderfully different from the album version, sort of more emotional. alanis takes the trouble to give the feeling of closeness to her audience and it really seems as if she's performing to her friends and family. the recording has an earthy feeling to it and i love the addition of violin players which give the performance a little more soul to it.her rendering of &quot;you oughtta know&quot; still has a sting to it but it seems that she's just sad rather than angry of the whole thing. but don't assume that she's mellowed, only that this album focuses more on her slower tracks. buy it. really.
B00001U0GQ|2.0|The Last of the Mohicans is my favorite movie, but the DVD version is terrible.  There are some added scenes, but what they don't tell you is that they also took out scenes and changed some scenes from the VHS version.  I was happy to see a few scenes go - the &quot;someday we will have a serious disagreement&quot; line and the &quot;we are a breed apart&quot; line.  The scenes that were added to the DVD weren't very important to the storyline.  The only ones that were decent were from the surrender at the fort.  There was more dialogue added to the very end of the DVD version, but I thought the VHS version had a perfect ending, and the added footage came across as a bit preachy. What ruined the whole DVD version was a change they made to the end of the fight between Magua and Chingachgook.  The gruesome ending to that fight was edited, probably to make it less gruesome, and it ruined the whole movie. So if you loved the VHS version, don't buy the DVD version - don't even watch it.  And if you have seen the DVD but not the VHS version, watch it and you will see a huge difference.<br />Also of note: the dialogue in the VHS version was hard to hear in a few places, with the music and sound effects.  I thought the DVD would be better enhanced, but it was not.  I had to use special features of my DVD player to enhace the dialogue, which I have never had to use before, and it still didn't help much.  I had to replay a few scenes with subtitles to know what was being said.  And I also had to crank the volume way up.  So overall it was a VERY disappointing DVD, I recommend sticking with the VHS unless they make the same version for DVD.
B00004STPT|5.0|It is beautiful!  It brings visions of the movie back into my head and makes me feel as if I am right there struggling, crying, laughing and cheering with Russel Crowe!  It is amazing.
0887306101|5.0|Unlike many me too books after this, great traders like Paul Tudor Jones, James Rogers etc just told you what you wanted to read (not really tips,  but ways of thinking, thanks to Schwager's intelligent questions) without hard selling how smart and successful they are. It's just one of the best buy in the bookstore (just so affordable the paper back version). However, I must warn you on this: Dont be too carried away by the rosy pictures of these top guns and try to copy a bit from each of them to form your own strategy. Instead, know yourself well and develop your own. Otherwise, you will become the footstool of these market wizards.
1878424319|5.0|All the most profound and potentially transforming books of wisdom are the simplest in word, idea and grammar. The Four Agreements is no exception.  Don Miguel Ruiz has a powerful gift for saying what is so without being caustic or pompous or, conversely, glossing over his words with politically correct padding. From the first paragraph I knew this book is one I could read several times and get something new, refreshing and insightful every time. This book is a must-read for anyone who is on a conscious path to real self-expression, truth and complete freedom.
6305078181|3.0|I bought this DVD, because I love horror films, and it was priced right at the time; I think I found one of the only remaining copies out there at SunCoast, now that Image has lost it's liscense to produce this movie.  It was actually clearence-priced.  As far as DVDs go, this one is a poor production.  At first, I thought it had somehow become a black and white film since I first saw it on the big screen in the 80s, but then I fiddled with the color and contrast till I finally found some color and contrast.  I've never seen this on any of the hundred or so DVDs I've got, but for some reason it begins playing in black and white and you HAVE to adjust it for color.      Hmm.  Extras.  There are none.  I kept hitting the menu button, trying to find out how in hell the movie became black and white in past twenty years.  Nothing but a scene access menue.    Sound.  Good.  Though I hear this version is missing some of the original music score because of legal complications.  Too bad.    Now the movie.  It really is the stage-play version, and not Bram Stoker's novel, that is brought to the screen.  So, as always, it suffers from artsy interpretations that somehow confuse love with sex, and not very good sex if you happen to be the victim.  I think Langella's performance was good.  And I've always thought Kate Nelligan was a very beautiful actress.  Donald Pleasence, one of my all-time favorite horror character actors, was nearly wasted here, because he's always had a strong presence that just wasn't allowed to come out here.  Olivier is stout, and always gives a good performance, as he did here.  But I felt his character needed more fleshing out.  Still, I wanted to cry with him, after he had to stake his vampiric, half-decayed daughter through the heart; this scene better than all the others having to do with vampirism in the film, helps to illustrate the evil that is Dracula.    The ending.  Too bad.  I liked the kill scene, though it still doesn't top the one in Hammer's Horror of Dracula.  But then they went and blew it by having an ambivelent moment at the very end, when Lucy looks up at the fluttering remains of Dracula, now \\"kiting\\" away from his scene of destruction, and we get a mysterious, dreamy smile, as if to say, hey, he'll be back, and it's okay if he wants to suck my blood and turn me into a fiend that kills babies and damns them to hell, sure, why not.    Now, why I still like the film.  Badham did, I thought, a good job of bringing to the eighties a Hammer-style period piece.  There's plenty of atmosphere here, and a wonderfully creepy scene in the graveyard, when Van Helsing has to crawl under his daughter's coffin to gain access to her secret tunnels, an abandoned mine that runs all through the underside of the town.  I loved the castle, and I thought the scenes along the ocean front, where people milled about looking at the wreckage of the ship that brought Dracula to thier town, were beautiful.      I remember now, after watching the DVD, that I walked out of the theater back in the 80s feeling slighted, but still having enjoyed the film.  I think Badham is a good director, I just think he relied too much on the stage-play version of this story, and should've gone back to the source, the novel.  After all, the best movies are still the ones that follow our favorite books the closest.    Update:  This movie has been re-released on DVD.  It's reasonably priced, and if you are a Dracula Completest, as I sometimes feel I am, you'll want to get this newer release.  Nice anamorphic widescreen transfer.  Still the same picture, but a much nicer transfer.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I have to admit that I wasn't initially a big fan of Limp Bizkit.  I found their cover of Faith to be a little too screechy, and figured they were like Orgy (who covered New Order's Blue Monday), destined to be a one hit wonder.  Then I heard Nookie on the radio, and while I cranked it up, I never had any clue who sang it.  (Don't you hate that?)  The turning point for me was the song Break Stuff.  Even though the radio hardly does it justice because every other word is beeped out, I think that is one of the most kicking songs ever written, so after much searching, I found out who sang it and bought this album.  (And much to my surprise, there was the other song I liked--I love it when that happens.)      <br />This is a phenomenal CD from start to finish, but I think that you really need to listen to it at least a few times to truly appreciate it.  I really like Fred Durst's voice--at least he sounds different than every other vocalist out there.  And while his lyrics are sometimes a bit lacking, you have to admit that they are catchy.<br />I can listen to this CD from start to finish without a problem, which is rare for me.  Usually there are at least a few tracks that I need to skip over, but that's not the case here.  Standout tracks are:<br />1.  Nookie -- If you've never really listened to the lyrics, do so.  I found myself singing along without really paying attention, but then I did and I had to laugh.  I always thought this song was about some player getting with a lot of girls.  Ha ha.  I find it refreshing that Fred can make fun of himself.<br />2.  Break Stuff -- This is the ultimate song for when you have a bad day.  <br />3.  Re-Arranged -- Their other big radio tune.  Definitely a lot more mello, but still good.<br />4.  I'm Broke -- Even though LB aren't broke anymore, this is still a good song.  I like it when Fred says &quot;Gimme back my money...bum&quot;  <br />5.  No Sex -- A ballad, and who knew--Fred can actually sing pretty well.  Awesome, awesome lyrics.  Every person contemplating a one night stand or stuck in a dead end relationship should listen to this song.    <br />The other songs are good, too, but those are my favorites.  This CD is a must have!  Limp Bizkit rocks.  (And Chocolate Starfish and the Hotdog Flavored Water is an awesome CD, too.)
B000002L68|4.0|This recording was a captivating moment during the decade of the eighties.  Prince was able to merge funky soul with rock n roll into one creative musical work.  Lets Go Crazy and Purple Rain have some searing guitar licks. And the Beautiful Ones have some of the most passionate vocals of Prince's career.  Some of the songs could use an extra hook or two but all them have plenty of tasty grooves.  This disc can appeal to many audiences.
014028009X|5.0|This comic read is truly based on real life.  The reader meets Bridget a single, young English woman.  She is constantly being pestered by her mother and all of her mother's friends about being single.  She is ready to start off a new year by making herself new year's resolutions such as: to quit smoking and to lose weight.  Helen Fielding wrote a truly brilliant novel.  The characters are easy to relate to and will make the reader laugh out loud.  Read this for a peek inside a woman's soul.
B000056HOZ|4.0|The Double DVD of Springsteen's music videos is a must-have for fans.    The first DVD is basically the exact line-up of the earlier VHS release (1978-1988) which spans from the '78 &quot;Rosalita&quot; video and up to the &quot;Born To Run (acoustic)&quot; performance.  There always seems something missing from this line-up, though,  since Springsteen was not really making  videos at the time his first several albums were released.    What we get from &quot;Born to Run&quot; is basically a clip of &quot;Thunder Road&quot; from &quot;No Nukes&quot; and then later performances of the title track.   &quot;The River&quot; is also only represented in a &quot;No Nukes&quot; clip as well (besides a '95 re-do of Hungry Heart&quot;).  Of course, there's absolutely nothing from my favorite - &quot;Darkness on the Edge of Town&quot;.   Still, you can't really blame anyone about this now - no videos were made...it's just a shame that the videos only really started to kick off in full force for the ultra-commercial push for &quot;Born in the USA&quot;.   <br />Disc 2 starts with some good videos from &quot;Human Touch&quot; and &quot;Lucky Town&quot; which in my opinion rank with his best (along with the videos from &quot;Tunnel of Love&quot;).  Then we proceed through some so-so videos for some alternate projects (Streets of Philadelphia, Dead Man Walkin', Secret Garden, etc.).   &quot;Tom Joad&quot; is represented in a video as well as live-performance and there is a superb video by Sean Penn for &quot;Highway Patrolman&quot; compiled of footage from &quot;Indian Runner&quot;.    Disc 2 is emotionally capped by a new video shot in 2000 for &quot;If I Should Fall Behind&quot; where Bruce, Patti, Clarence and Nils share time at the mike.   It's a good song for them at this stage - but it's kind of sad to see that they have aged a bit - but there is no way not to notice aging especially if you are watching such a retrospective from 1978 - 2000...that's just part of life, I suppose.  The only real embarrasment (well, maybe just misstep) on this whole collection is a 1995 video for &quot;Hungry Heart&quot;.   Shot in Europe somewhere (Berlin?), it's just bad all the way through.   Bruce doesn't sound or look very good, the video is dumb and pretentious and the song was never one of his best to begin with.   A small complaint in an otherwise excellent package. Disc 2 also has a discography which also lists each track of each album.  A pre-selected audio clip from each album will play as well for app. 10 seconds before re-starting.   <br />The digital mastering on the discs is good, although I did notice some of that annoying &quot;shifting&quot; going on in the background here and there.   Not too bad, though, and it still looks better than VHS.   Audio is in a new 5.1 surround or PCM stereo.   PCM stereo was much crisper and clearer on my system.
B000056JYC|5.0|25 years later Frampton Comes Alive still cooks with all of the fire and emotion of the original.  From Somethin's Happening to Jumping Jack Flash, all of those favorite anthem's of 1976 are back.  The previously un-released tracks are a refreshing addition to one of the best live recordings of all time.  This re-release is a must for any CD collection!
B00003CWTH|1.0|Watched this video for 30 minutes and decided that was too much time invested.  Loud, crude, senseless.  Language was overdone.  If you like PBS, A&amp;E, BBC and uplifting, educating, or absorbing stories, this is a movie to avoid.  The repetitive singing of One Is A Lonely Number throughout the beginning was over the top annoying.  The chronic use of the f-word was numbing in its repetitiveness. Movies should improve, entertain or inform, Magnolia failed.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|I used to listen to a-ha as I did my assignments in High school and I used to marvel at Morten Harket's voice. Now, after 7 years' hiatus, they're back with a sweet vengeance. Their style hasn't changed a lot from the 80's, however it seems to have matured and ripened into something that is not out of place in the 2K's, but yet mature enough to be taken very seriously. <br />My favourite in the album is &quot;Summer moved on&quot;. To hear Harket's voice urging you to stay and not to move away, is reminiscent of his request in &quot;The Sun Always Shines on TV&quot;. Upbeat with a healthy dose of melancholy. Another gem in this album, in my opinion is &quot;Thought that it was you&quot; - I love the chorus: so 'a-haesque'! &quot;... so fill me now like wind, and let the miracle begin&quot;<br />Each song displays every shade of a-ha, and I love the colours displayed. &quot;minor earth   major sky&quot; is a great album, whether you have just discovered a-ha or whether you you have followed their career from their &quot;Take on me&quot; days ...
B00003003R|4.0|Guns N' Roses must surely have one of the biggest bootleg catalogs in all of rock n roll. Surprisingly then, the sound quality of this double CD set is very good. Raw, but considering that the tracks on this set have been taken from their club days, through to their arena rock status, mastering can often let a live album down. Here it is not a problem.<br />First CD is a wonder, every track, right on the button. Killer solo's, Axl's amazing voice, it's killer start to finish. 'November Rain' sounds much more raw live than in the studio, a sound I honestly prefer, and the use of the Black Sabbath cover 'It's Alright' as an intro was a nice touch. Audience participation on Patience is great, and Nightrain is easily better than the studio version, as by the time it was recorded, Axl could get his voice much higher.<br />Chronicling Guns from their early beginings, you can distinctly see changes in the bands style and set up over the years. This is the first problem of the album. Lets take a track like Knockin' On Heavens Door for example. One of their best covers, great song. However, during the later part of their career, their experiments with keyboards and paddling in the pool other genres provoked controversy among the rock n roll crowd. For some reason, Axl decided a ragae segment was needed halfway through the song. For me the song is ruined by this, however you can see developments in the band here, so I guess in that respect it's a good thing. <br />Axl was famed for his anti political, anti social, anti everything rants. So much so they became a staple if unpredictable part of the Guns N Roses live experience, something which isn't reflected here at all though. It's not this that let's the album down though, but the second disc. Song selection is weak - why no 'Civil War' and some of the performances are lacking. On the first and last tracks Axl sounds drunk and for some reason Move To The City needed a Jazz section halfway through? Yeah right.<br />Buy it forthe first CD, it's the last we'll see of the original line up of one of the greatest bands in the history of rock n roll.
B000006YMN|5.0|Definitely my favorite post-ABBA album with my favoite song -MAYBE IT WAS MAGIC. Too bad this was never well received in the U.S. although I have heard the Peter Cetera duet on the radio. This album is a must.
0679746048|5.0|Who am I really, and where am I going?  In this autobiographical memoir, the author seeks these answers for herself.  After a while we start wondering also, as we view life through Susanna Kaysen's eyes, her unbalanced ward-mates and experience the inside machinations of a psychiatric ward. What is illusion? what is reality?  The book is bizarre, yet engrossing.  Yes, there is a strong resemblance to &quot;One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest.&quot;  After you finish reading this book, look at the &quot;Girl Interrupted&quot; film version  starring Winona Ryder, Angelina Jolie and Whoopie Goldberg.  It is an equally powerful and entertaining representation of this young gifted, warped girl finding her true self and coming of age during 18 months in a hospital.
0140281622|5.0|Thats what it is a good book.
B000021XS0|5.0|Dream Theater has stood out for years in the sea of mediocre skill that passes for the music industry. It is a rare occasion when a band with such an incredible mixture of skill and talent actually manages to record and sustain enough of a reputation in the music business to continue selling albums. But I am grateful that Dream Theater has beat the odds, because there is no band that I would rather spend my money on.<br /> That said, Scenes from a Memory is their greatest achievement thus far. Adding Jordan Rudess to their lineup was brilliance beyond explanation. He fits into the band beautifully with his ecclectic style and amazing skill. While James LaBrie is quite clearly going for emotional impact on this recording rather than his normally spectacular displays of vocal ability, he none-the-less shows his flexibility as a vocalist as his aria brings the listener to emotional heights and depths one rarely finds in rock. And that's only the beginning. John Petrucci's proficiency is more apparent than ever, his solos are soulful and precise. It is the very rare bassist that is a noticable voice in a band instead of background sound, but John Myung has always held his own and provided a heartfelt voice in the chorus of the band. This CD is no exception. Mike Portnoy matches the rest of the band with his jaw-dropping proficiency and Scenes from a Memory is (in part) a return to the thrash fusion of Dream Theater's earlier work, putting Portnoy's skills to the test.<br /><br />There are a few moments in the piece that bring thoughts of greats like Frank Zappa, Queen, and the grandeur of Jesus Christ Superstar, and a definite hat tip to Dream Theater fans from the early days. Images and Words and Awake fans: listen for an instrumental that will unscrew your mind.
B0000029LG|5.0|Dear fellow shopper:<br />As someone who can say he is a student of the art of music, very little music touches me.  In fact, the last time music touched me as Mr. Jackson's has was in &quot;The Color Purple.&quot;  In listening to the second half of the album, I was literally reduced to tears as I recalled all of the very painful moments portrayed so cruelly by the media.  As a young adult, I know that this man's music has touched so many lives throughout his career and that people really need to listen to his message before condemning him.  I believe someone said that there's a message in the music.  In the case of this album, there are no truer words.<br />I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS ITEM FOR PURCHASE!<br />And, thank you, Amazon.com, for [listing] it<br />Yours truly,<br />Clinton A. Johnson, Student of Colby College in Waterville, Maine where I study music.
0684800713|5.0|This is the real thing.  This is the work that made Hemingway an icon of American 20th century literature.  And no wonder.  With its inimitable style (notwithstanding all the author's imitators), this novel brings you into the room with these characters, who are suffering, and you suffer along with them.  They're suffering not only because they've just been through a ghastly war, but because they are 20-somethings, and have the same angst as all 20-somethings, besides the shadows the war has cast on all of them.<br />This tender age group, on the cusp of life and yet often feeling tragically lost, is a fascinating subject in literature, and I've just got to mention a special favorite of mine -- a contemporary novel that explores the concerns and struggles of some of today's 20-somethings.  It's called Love Songs of the Tone-Deaf and it's by Asher Brauner.
0679879269|5.0|It seemed like it would be impossible to pull off this book, because in the first two he masterfully wove plots that needed finishing.      Well, he finished it all right! The long wait was worth it. The third book is much more deep and probes into many mysteries. It is as beautifully descriptive and thought-provoking as the others.      The ending is truely unexpected. I won't give it away, but it makes you want to read the whole series again just so that you can spend more time with the characters in their adventures on different worlds.
B00003CXDG|4.0|i thought that this movie was done pretty well. i know that some people really like movies with a lot of story and stuff like that, but if you are just intrested in seeing some pretty cool stunts and nice visual effects, then you should like this movie. it also amazed me when i found out that tom did alot of his own stunts. you can view some of the behind the scene stuff on how they did it. and i really like the I Disapear video by Metallica, it's pretty cool. check it out, it's worth it!
0792833201|1.0|While I'm glad to see that Poltergeist is available on DVD, I'm dissapointed with the studios for not adding of any kind of special features. I would've loved to have seen a 'making of' documentary for this movie. And why not? I know footage of the making of this movie exists, because I've seen some of it on a Spielberg biography, and the laserdisc version. So why was none of it used for the DVD!? It would've been far more interesting than a little 8-page booklet, but that's just my opinion. But MGM and Warner Brothers aren't exactly renouned for special edition dvd's.<br />As far as the audio and video quality goes, it wasn't that bad. Poltergiest is presented in dolby 5.0, and the picture, available in both wide and fullscreen, was fairly decent, though a little too dark at times.  Unfortunatly, those were the only two things keeping this disc from being a total waste. All in all, Poltergeist is a great movie, but a dissapointing dvd. And with the Warner Bros. version being packaged in a cheap cardboard 'snap-case', it doesn't even have the eight-page insert the MGM version has! <br />There is some good news though. Warner Bros. is releasing an actual 'SPECIAL EDITION' OF POLTERGEIST in the fourth quarter of 2002 to mark its 20th Anniversary! More good news is that the first R1 DVD of POLTERGEIST II: THE OTHER SIDE will be released at the same time. So, if you haven't purchased this title yet, my advice to you would be to wait until the special edition is released. The current edition offeres nothing more than VHS quality picture, and a grainy, fullframe theatrical trailer.<br />In closing, I'd give the movie 5 stars for sure, but I'm rating the DVD. I just think one of the greatest horror-thrillers of all time deserves more than a trailer and an eight page booklet. I hope the new version will be newly remasterd, have a good 'making of' documentary, interviews with both Steven Spielberg and Tobe Hooper, deleted scenes, production photos, conceptual drawings, DTS sound, the whole works.  This movie deserves it!
0792110188|5.0|Despite comparisons to Howard Hawks' earlier  \\"Rio Bravo\\" this film stands on its own for pure entertainment. John Wayne, Robert Mitchum, James Caan, Arthur Hunnicutt and Christopher George are all excellent thanks to Hawks' bawdy direction and Leigh Brackett's fun script full of homespun dialogue. Howard Hawks was really a master at building up characterizations as a way of moving the most simple of plots to deliver a good piece of entertainment. He was also a master of balancing good action scenes with humorous situations and character interplay as this film also proves. There is great camaraderie among all the actors in this film that really comes across. This is a good film. I highly recommend it.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I was fortunate enough to meet and listen to the Aussie duo Savage Garden when they did a private performance at OarFin Studios in Minneapolis.  I was on the verge of fainting when I introduced themselves to me.  They are the most personable guys you could ever meet.  That makes me so glad that I purchased this cd.  It is just as good if not better than their debut work.  &quot;AFFIRMATION&quot; just about makes you pass out trying to keep up with it.  Also &quot;THE ANIMAL SONG&quot; is in my top 20 favorite songs of all time.  They are great in concert, though I have yet to hear them inside an arena, but if the private performance is a taste....WOW.  Darren &amp; Daniel are very gifted musicians and talented writers.  I loved this cd.  It captures your attention and you feel every note and beat.
B00003CXHJ|5.0|I thought that this was an excellent movie, and I would recomend it to anyone to check it out. The producers put a lot of time and money into making it as authentic as possible, and they did well. I speak some german, and i am glad to know that they used german actors to play the nazis. that was a good move by the casting crew. if you really like sub movies or your are a world war II nut like I am, then you should like this movie. It's one of the good ones!
B00004YW6I|5.0|I'm glad to see that I'm the 73rd person here to review this, because it means that Polly Jean has sold at least that many copies of this criminally overlooked album... I'm also glad to hear her playing guitar again -- if you thought Nirvana was great power trio, just listen to this (or either of PJ's first two albums). But I disgree with the popular notion that this album is simply a return to basics. True, she's returned to guitar-bass-drums -- returned to ROCK music -- but she has brought back a greater sense of melody and a wider spectrum of lyrics. She actually sounds happy on some of these songs. And many, like &quot;You Said Something,&quot; are drop-dead gorgeous. Plus which, her rock'n'roll is as powerful and unexpected as ever. Gee, beautiful AND powerful -- I think she's closing in on perfection. (I don't have much patience, by the way, for all the unfavorable Patti Smith comparisons: I love Patti, bless her heart, but Patti was never this consistently good.)
B00004XOWM|1.0|Limp Bizkit is probably the first (and worst) of the rap metal bands. I could maybe tolerate RATM, but otherwise, mixing rap and rock makes as much sense as mixing ice cream with roast beef. There's no seriousness in any of their songs, which could only be recommended to someone with the intelligence of a goober-pea. And I did drag myself into listening to the whole album. This band gives the term &quot;waste&quot; a whole new meaning. Nothing else needs to be said about the ONLY group made famous off a cover of a George Michael song.
B00003CX5A|3.0|Filmmaker Tim Burton was the perfect choice to bring this adaptation of Washington Irving's creepy classic to the big screen.  No one can match his ability to create an atmosphere that is both creepy and whimsical, and you can see it in full force here.  The sets and designs in Sleepy Hollow are just as much stars in the movie as are the actors.<br />Of course, the stars are hardly overshadowed because Burton also has a talent for getting actors best suited for his projects.  Johnny Depp is a great actor who enjoys taking unconventional roles, and he manages the fine line between Ichobod's timidity and his nobility extremely well.  Christina Ricci and Miranda Richardson are great, too.  Plus, any fan of Burton's movies will find a lot of familiar faces here as well (most notably Jeffrey Jones, Michael Gough and Martin Landau).<br />There were just two minor problems I had with the movie.   First, the beheadings turn out to be more deliberate than I would have hoped (random killings are always scarier), and Casper Van Dien's role should have been banished to the cutting room floor.  Still, these are minor quibbles compared to the quick-moving plot, haunting visuals and really good casting that make Sleepy Hollow an unforgettable movie.<br />On the other hand, Paramount's tradition of weak DVD extras continues unbroken with this offering.  The &quot;Making-Of&quot; documentary is little more than a 20 minute commercial, and Tim Burton's commentary is boring and not the least bit insightful.  It's enough to knock my rating down a notch, but the DVD is worth owning based on the movie alone.
0517122707|5.0|A Confederacy of Dunces is my favourite funny book. I think everybody who loves funny things must read it. If you do you will go back to read it again later. I have read it four times. The other funny book I recommend to everybody is &quot;Rastus Reilly.&quot; This one is a new book which I have only recently read but it is another one that I know I will read again another time.
B0000041WM|5.0|I have to disagree with the above statment... This a wonderful Rigoletto!  June Anderson is the absolute star... She brings more life to Gilda than Sutherland did with Pavoratti, and gives us one of the more memorable versions of that famous aria Caro Nome from Act I.  Her voice can carry a slight shrilly tone in the upper notes, like Callas though, she uses this in a way that brings more dramatic life to the music rathen than hindering it.  Overall this is one of the more intense Rigolettos I have heard.
B00003CXFG|4.0|Looking at the premise alone, Pitch Black is basically Alien in the desert.  However, the execution is surprisingly solid.  The characterization is usually two-dimensional in pictures like this, but just about everyone in this movie has an ample supply of virtues and flaws.  The heroes certainly aren't perfect (one makes a decision to save herself that nearly kills everyone else, while another is a drug addict), and neither is the villain.  Diesel's Riddick turns out to have a certain amount of nobility to him, while staying true to his own evil nature.  The darker side of the characters' human nature contributes just as much to the tension in the film as the albino monsters flying over their heads, which goes a long way toward making this more enjoyable than expected.<br />As far as the DVD extras are concerned, the 3 minutes of footage added to the unrated version will probably go unnoticed by anyone who watched the movie in the theater (I only figured out what they were by listening to the Twohy/Diesel commentary).  The &quot;Pitch Black&quot; premier dance party footage is a waste of both time and space, but the &quot;making of&quot; documentary is fairly good, and it includes the movie trailers, which I always like to see in a DVD.
B00003CWNR|1.0|Although this movie was very well directed and had great performances by Michael Caine, Tobey Maguire, and Delroy Lindo, I was thoroughly disgusted with the overwhelming pro-abortion theme.  I watch movies to be entertained.  I don't want to be preached to.  This story was way off the mark.<br />I felt very ill after watching it because of the complete disregard for human life.  The most obvious scenes were the disposals of the fetuses (and older?) into the fire in the back yard.  The way it was filmed made it obvious that there should be no consideration whatsoever for the lives of babies, that they are to be thrown away at the whim of whatever parent just happens to be &quot;inconvenienced&quot; by their births.<br />I am a fan of Tobey Maguire and very much enjoyed his performance in &quot;Ride with the Devil&quot; a lot more than this garbage.
0140177396|2.0|Of Mice and Men was an assigned reading in my class.  At first I thought it was good (in the first chapter), but then I read on.  The book did not suit me.  I would not recommend this book to anyone, because I thought it was a bad story.  The author's writing style was good, but the plot was stupid.  Some of the characters were believable, but others were very inrealistic.  The ending was very sad, and you would have never seen it coming.
1573921394|3.0|Keynes, for better or worse, must be counted the most important economist of the 20th century.  This is his most influential work, and no person who desires a basic education in economics should be unaware of its contents.  Unfortunately, it is at times almost incomprehensible.  Particularly maddening is Keynes' penchant for merely dismissing competing theories with which he disagrees without discussing why he disagrees.  I found this suspicious since Keynes was brilliant - it couldn't possibly be because he didn't understand those other theories.  I suspect he understood them all too well and recognized their threat to his own work.<br />Plowing through this book will pay off, but you may not enjoy it.  The reader should be advised, however, that according to Keynes' good friend (and opposing theorist) Frederich Hayek, shortly before his death Keynes told Hayek he disavowed this book in general.  Hayek's account can be read in &quot;Hayek on Hayek.&quot;
0811826848|5.0|Words cannot describe the depth and breadth of this wonderful coffee table book. Every Beatles fan will be satisfied with this book. There is ONE problem however. As you scan the photos that we have never before one wonders where the negatives are so we can see what didn't get printed here. Anthology II??? Maybe! Splendid! Kevin Hogan...
0800177177|2.0|I had originally purchased the video in 1995 and purchased the novel the following year.  After reading the novel, I tried to watching the video again and was very disappointed. The &quot;romantic&quot; scene with Mina and Dracula was so cheesy that I had to fast forward through it.  This can't be what Bram Stoker envisioned.
B00000JGD3|5.0|I must say that this dubbed version of what I consider to be the greatest film ever made is much easier to watch than the subtitled version, and I prefer it.  The trouble with the subtitled version is that it is white-on-white, which is quite difficult to read, and in trying to read it, one often misses the breathtaking images on the screen.  As a Fellini fanatic with somewhat purist tendencies, I do not regard the dubbed version as inauthentic, as Fellini himself redubbed the speech onto the original Italian version, and, I may say, that even in the Italian version, the speech doesn't always match the movement of the actors' lips.  Regardless of the slight difference between the movement of the lips and the speech in the redubbed English version, I think that it is far preferable to agonizing over the hard-to-read subtitles.  Now if only I could find a letterboxed version. . .
0064407667|5.0|Writing a book about unfortunate events and unhappy endings is certainly a different approach in writing. The unusual sense of humor and plot of the book, in my opinion, attract kids to it. It was almost refreshing to have something other than a happy ending in a book, and someone letting kids know that the good guy doesn't always win. It entertains and keeps your attention to see what will happen next.
B00003CX8J|4.0|It could make the viewer stay in there seat.
B000050XEI|5.0|Enya is one of the great artists of our time.  I feel lucky to be living while she is making such beautiful music.  Yes it may sound somewhat like her other stuff---I'm glad it does.  She is so very unique that no one can touch her. Songs such as &quot;one by one&quot; make me swoon. &quot;flora's secret&quot; is so earthy, I feel I can reach out and touch the grass.  She seems to be very much in tune with nature.  I only hope and pray that it won't take so long to do her next work.  I can't wait!
0553106635|5.0|We have to give this author credit for not rushing his writing process-- clearly he loves his stories as much as we do.  I never thought a series like this would be my kind of books--too manly or something. My husband convinced me to just give book one a try because he thought it was awesome.  He was so right! It's kind of crazy, but these books really get into your head--I found that I even dreamed about the characters and events if I read A Storm of Swords too close to bed time.  You'll stay up late to read, and be tired in the morning, but it will be worth every bag under your eyes!
B00004Y7SF|5.0|I must begin with an anounsment - Christina Aguilera has the most beautiful voice in this music industry. She is soooo much better than any Britney, Jessica or Mandy. This album proves that, in case you had any doubt in the &quot;CHRISTINA AGUILERA&quot; album. She's great, and I love her! You should also pay attension to her up-coming releas - &quot;NOBODY WANTS TO BE LONELY&quot;, with Ricky Martin. Highly recomended!!!
B00003CXE7|3.0|Somebody gets the scripts of Ben Hur, Spartacus, The Fall of the Roman Empire, and Enter The Dragon.  He spreads them all over the floor, picks out pages, and scrambles them all up together.  Then, he gets the sound track from Zulu and adds it in.<br />Really, this is supposed to be a high budget flick.  Yet, there are no original ideas in the plot.  To add insult to injury, the damn German hordes at the beginning of the thing sound just like Cy Enfield's Zulu warriors from a truly great film.  Can't Ridley afford to do his own sound?  Does he have to use the track from Michael Caine's first big movie?<br />Russell Crowe is no Kirk Douglas.  He is not Chuck Heston, not even Steve Boyd. And, he damn sure ain't Bruce Lee!  A very average production.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|Being what this album is, an anthology of the Beatles' number one hits, and being what I am, merely a humble fan of their music, professing that I probably am ignorant and unschooled in Beatle lore, this is a good place to start if you're only into the hit and not the whole picture.<br />Having said that, the only full Beatles album I own is &quot;Abbey Road&quot;, and for me, that tells a certain story, incongruous and oddly out of place when I hear those tracks on this album. My parents, lord bless them, have actual vinyl of the &quot;White&quot; album and &quot;Sgt Pepper's&quot;, among others, so hopefully this has improved my Beatles quotient.    &quot;There's nothing you can say that can't be sung-&quot; off the top of my head this lyric comes to mind as I try to express just what the Beatles mean to me, and how I so admire their genius and tenacity and ability to evolve, to borrow a word from a fellow reviewer.  I'm sure someone has said it better than I, any words of praise and criticism that I could offer.  I just love 'em, plain and simple.  <br />Yeah.  It's nice to have all the sugar distilled in one place.  But if you're looking for the spice, go back and buy the actual album and listen to it in it's entirety.  You'll feel ever so much more rounded, and there is a strong thread of continuity on the whole albums I find lacking in the anthologies.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I bought this CD last year because of the song &quot;Thank You,&quot; which was featured in my absolute favorite movie &quot;Sliding Doors.&quot;  Every song is amazing, and I play some portion of the CD every day.  Her voice has an incredible ethereal yet earthy quality.  And this comes as very high praise from me, because I find that I am super critical of female performers, having been one myself in my younger days.
6303398480|4.0|First of all, James Spader is really cute in this movie.  I don't know if it's the horned-rimmed, slightly nerdy scientist thing he's got going on, or what, but that is a real plus.  Also, after several viewings (and after &quot;3rd Rock From the Sun&quot; became a hit) I realized French Stewart is in this movie, and he's actually got his eyes open! All right, maybe that isn't enough for you-what is perhaps the movie's best selling point is the idea that the Egyptian pyramids are actually alien landing pads, and there's a &quot;lost&quot; tribe of Egyptians on another planet that is reached, how else, through the Stargate. Kurt Russell as the hardened Col. Jack O'Neill, is a bit emotionally staid throughout the film, but Spader makes up for that in spades with an energetic performance, particularly when he is thrown into a ritual in which he is supposed to &quot;perform&quot; a certain rite with his romatic interest Sha-uri (Mili Avital.)  Jaye Davidson (&quot;The Crying Game) gives a striking portrayal of the beautiful, almighty alien calling himself Ra. Part action/adventure, part sci-fi, this movie has many great facets. Great effects on the transformation of Ra's thugs, Anubis, Osiris, et al.
0141301155|5.0|Researchers constantly find that reading to children is valuable in a variety of ways, not least of which are instilling a love of reading and improved reading skills. With better parent-child bonding from reading, your child will also be more emotionally secure and able to relate better to others. Intellectual performance will expand as well. Spending time together watching television fails as a substitute.<br />To help other parents apply this advice, as a parent of four I consulted an expert, our youngest child, and asked her to share with me her favorite books that were read to her as a young child.  Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was one of her picks.<br />Since many people have seen the movie and not read the book, let me briefly compare them.  The book creates more of a contrast between want and plenty.  Charlie Bucket and his family are literally starving to death in the book.  The book is also more of a moral tale, along the lines of Dickens.  Some of the satire is much more wickedly funny as well.  For example, each time something happens to one of the other children in the Chocolate Factory, the Oompa-Loompas sing a very witty, satirical song to emphasize the lesson . . . not unlike a Greek chorus.<br />If you don't know the story, Willie Wonka is a regular candy magician.  He has made a chocolate ice cream that doesn't melt even when out in the sun all day.  He can make a gumball that never melts in your mouth, so you never have to buy another.  He has candy balloons that you can blow up, and then eat.<br />But his competitors sent spies into his factory and stole his secrets.  So he fired all of his employees and closed the factory.  Then, one day it started up again behind a locked gate.  But no one ever came in or went out.  You could see small shapes behind some of the windows.  The candy comes out each day from a hole in the wall all packed and addressed for the post office.<br />Suddenly, Willie Wonka announces that the children who are the holders of five golden tickets (hidden in five of his candy bars) will be allowed a one day tour of the factory.  Everyone wants one!<br />Augustus Gloop lives on candy.  His mother isn't surprised when he gets a ticket because he always eating candy.<br />Miss Veruca Salt is spoiled and her parents are rich.  Her father bought 100,000 candy bars and had the people in his factories open all the wrappers until they found one.<br />Miss Violet Beauregard is a world champion gum chewer, and has been working on the same piece for 3 years now.<br />Mike Teavee never leaves his television, and likes to shoot at the screen with his 8 toy pistols.<br />Charlie Bucket is a poor boy who lives next to the factory.  His father has just lost his job.  He gets one candy bar a year for his birthday.  Alas, the candy bar did not have a ticket in it.  Feeling sorry for him, his grandfather gives Charlie his last 10 cents.  That doesn't do it either.  What now?<br />Inside the Chocolate Factory is a world better than Oz.  Every child will love to hear about its wonders.  Every parent will feel terrific for reading about these amazing features and sharing them.  If you are like me, you will especially like the INVENTING ROOM.<br />After you finish enjoying this story with your child, I suggest that you talk about what you can do to help poor children.  After all, Willie Wonka only helped one.  There are lots more out there.  I guess he wanted each of us to have our chance to help.<br />The next time you are in the mood for a dessert, imagine that you can have one of Willie Wonka's amazing delights!  It'll feed your imagination while keeping your waistline right where it is.holders of five golden tickets (hidden in five of his candy bars) will be allowed a one day tour of the factory.  Everyone wants one!<br />Augustus Gloop lives on candy.  His mother isn't surprised when he gets a ticket because he always eating candy.  <br />Miss Veruca Salt is spoiled and her parents are rich.  Her father bought 100,000 candy bars and had the people in his factories open all the wrappers until they found one.  <br />Miss Violet Beauregard is a world champion gum chewer, and has been working on the same piece for 3 years now.<br />Mike Teavee never leaves his television, and likes to shoot at the screen with his 8 toy pistols.<br />Charlie Bucket is a poor boy who lives next to the factory.  His father has just lost his job.  He gets one candy bar a year for his birthday.  Alas, the candy bar did not have a ticket in it.  Feeling sorry for him, his grandfather gives Charlie his last 10 cents.  That doesn't do it either.  What now?<br />Inside the Chocolate Factory is a world better than Oz.  Every child will love to hear about its wonders.  Every parent will feel terrific for reading about these amazing features and sharing them.  If you are like me, you will especially like the INVENTING ROOM.  <br />After you finish enjoying this story with your child, I suggest that you talk about what you can do to help poor children.  After all, Willie Wonka only helped one.  There are lots more out there.  I guess he wanted each of us to have our chance to help.<br />The next time you are in the mood for a dessert, imagine that you can have one of Willie Wonka's amazing delights!  It'll feed your imagination while keeping your waistline right where it is.
B000056JYB|5.0|This is a great buy for those who already have the original and for those who dont..there is some great extra tracks on here(be warned-if you dont like instrumental jams..stay away)..I could have done without the orignal  cover though..I can see why it was banned in the first place-very tasteless
0884271536|3.0|There is an old saying.  To a carpenter, every problem looks like a nail.<br />Having now read two of Mr. Goldratt's books, it appears that to him every management issue is a scheduling and coordination problem.  While that's true, product development management of difficult tasks is also sensitive to many other things like getting competent resources, having the right amount of input from each function early in the process, and developing the ability to produce the finished product efficiently and effectively.  Those other issues are essentially untouched in this book.<br />Think of this book as applying the system coordination and optimization concepts of Mr. Goldratt's famous novel, The Goal, to project management.<br />If you have already read The Goal, this book will be much easier to understand than if you have not.  Although many of the same concepts are explained here as in The Goal, the explanations in this book are not nearly as thorough and clear.  Also, the plot and plot line in this book will probably not be as enjoyable to you as The Goal.  I rated the book down two stars for these kinds of weaknesses.<br />If you have read The Goal, Mr. Goldratt basically substitutes scheduling safety margins for work-in-progress inventory, and then applies the same debottlenecking concepts as in The Goal.<br />If you have not read The Goal, Mr. Goldratt's argument is that schedules are put together with too much slack.  Everyone wants to be almost sure they can meet a deadline.  The deadkube date they pick usually relates to the most they can get away with.  Usually, that much time is not needed and people start late.  If they end early, they never tell anyone.  So any delay puts the whole project back because there is no project scheduling slack.  With many tasks going on simultaneously, often none of them get done well.<br />The solution is to cut back on each individual schedule in favor of having all of the slack managed for the whole project, and communicating frequently about when the work really will be done so the next step can be ready to take up the baton.  Then focus all measurements on project completion, rather than task completion.  Give priority to whatever can hold the whole project back.  Add resources there, too, if possible.  In doing this, focus on both activities and resources as potential bottlenecks.<br />The book also has some good sections on how to negotiate with external suppliers to improve performance, and how to think about the tradeoffs between speed and cost as a supplier and as a purchaser of supplies and services.<br />Without changes in top management policies, most project managers will not be allowed to use all of these principles.  So be sure to share this book upward, as well as sideways, and downward in the organization.  If you are in a small company, it will be much easier to do.<br />After you have finished reading this book, I suggest that you look at the last 20 projects that your organization has done.  What was done well?  What was not?  Which of these issues can be helped by Mr. Goldratt's ideas?  Which cannot?  For these latter, I suggest you look for best practices and imagine what perfection could look like to design a simple, but effective, alternative with better communications.  The new book, It's Not the BIG etc., may be helpful to you in this regard.<br />May you continuously improve your effectiveness in project management!icating frequently about when the work really will be done so the next step can be ready to take up the baton.  Then focus all measurements on project completion, rather than task completion.  Give priority to whatever can hold the whole project back.  Add resources there, too, if possible.  In doing this, focus on both activities and resources as potential bottlenecks.  <br />The book also has some good sections on how to negotiate with external suppliers to improve performance, and how to think about the tradeoffs between speed and cost as a supplier and as a purchaser of supplies and services.  <br />Without changes in top management policies, most project managers will not be allowed to use all of these principles.  So be sure to share this book upward, as well as sideways, and downward in the organization.  If you are in a small company, it will be much easier to do. <br />After you have finished reading this book, I suggest that you look at the last 20 projects that your organization has done.  What was done well?  What was not?  Which of these issues can be helped by Mr. Goldratt's ideas?  Which cannot?  For these latter, I suggest you look for best practices and imagine what perfection could look like to design a simple, but effective, alternative with better communications.  The new book, It's Not the BIG etc., may be helpful to you in this regard.<br />May you continuously improve your effectiveness in project management!
B00004XONN|1.0|I have all Radiohead albums and I believe they were one of the greatest bands of the 90's. It was hard for me to give this album such a bad rating but honestly, I feel completely dissapointed.. Reviews are subjective and a lot of people may say this was a great album but I will just tell you what I think as a Radiohead fan. Kid A was expected to be a great album because of the band's previous record,'OK Computer'. In fact, Kid A is a totally different album from the band's previous ones. My opinion is that it was not a progress at all. All songs are weird, there are a lot of electronical vocals and only Thom Yorke's voice reminds you that this is a Radiohead album. I know that this is exactly what they wanted, to do a completely different album, but why should that be good? We loved them for the old albums and especially for their previous album 'OK Computer'. If they couldn't succeed in doing something different but also good, why did they release an album? Kid A sold a lot of copies but what is the reason? Radiohead had created a huge fans audience and everybody's expectations were high enough to buy this album. I will finish here and I hope that their next record will not be like Kid A. They can do much much better..
B000002UAR|5.0|A great CD with 13 songs of various quality (and the worst song the Beatles ever wrote - Yellow Submarine). Lennon (Taxman, I'm Only Sleeping, She Said She Said, And Your Bird Can Sing) and McCartney (Eleanor Rigby, Here There And Everywhere, Good Day Sunshine, For No One, Got To Get You Into My Life) put in their most diverse, but consistant high quality efforts of their career. There's something for everyone here, but Tomorrow Never Knows gave birth to much of the dance music today and is the standout. Ringo's drumming, George's droning sitar, John and Paul's samples and a great nasal vocal from John all combine to create one the Beatles most unique tracks - which is so fresh today that the Chemical Brothers occasionally open their sets with it. Listen to the version on Anthology 2 and compare it to the finished product on Revolver  - this provides a fascinating insight into the Beatles music nouse.
0385484518|5.0|Tuesdays With Morrie is a deeply moving story about everlasting friendship, enlightenment, and the pleasures of life.  Mitch Albom shares his experiences and lessons he endured with his dear friend and mentor, Morrie Schwartz.  After  a number of sociology courses and weekly meetings at Brandeis University, their student-teacher relationship evolved into one with a mutual sense of admiration for one another.  Morrie was able to give Mitch a greater understanding of the world and human interaction.  Twenty years later, although Mitch was a successful sports writer, dissatisfactions with his life revealed that perhaps he had forgotten everything he had learned.  It wasn't  until a chance viewing of Morrie on Nightline that the two were able to rekindle their friendship.  Although Morrie Schwarz was now seventy eight years old and dying of ASL (Lou Gehrig's disease), he appeared to be happy, having lived a rich life. <br />Meeting on Tuesdays once again, they laughed, chatted, and reminisced. Mitch was given another opportunity to enhance his life with fourteen final lessons from Morrie.  Perhaps one of Morrie's greatest lessons was that &quot;death ends a life, not a relationship (pg. 174).&quot;  Reawakening Mitch to the aspects of life that matter most, Morrie's heartfelt insight touched me as well. <br />Mitch's final lessons with Morrie are a lesson for all.  An essential guide for understanding the world's complexities and living life to it's fullest, there is much to be learned. I picked it up on a Sunday morning and read it in one sitting, savoring every last word of Morrie's wisdom.  I would give Mitch an A for this indispensable read and praise Morrie for his exceptional teachings.
B000002UZ1|5.0|My wife, bless her heart, thought the Beatles were only 'yeah, yeah, yeah'. Then she heard 'Don't let me down'. She couldn't believe this was the Beatles. So I played her the entire 'Blue Album'(Greatest Hits 1967-1970). She loved it. Another convert to the music that IS the soundtrack to the sixties. You say you want a musical revolution? Then buy this album and listen. You will only want more.
1556154844|5.0|Code Complete has had a larger impact on my programming (quality and productivity) than any book, class, or experience I've had as a programmer. It is unique because it does not just share some techniques to improve your style; it combines them into a philosophy which you can continue to learn from long after putting the book aside.
B00004ZD69|1.0|what do I think of it? what I think is that is it really great, what a sound it was too good, good as anything. asf . starts then continues then finally ends.   not bad really nice sounding and enjoyable, with some nice bits in the middle and ending like a loud song. I enhjoyed the whole experience, including the beginning.
B00001MXXG|2.0|I give this DVD edition 2 stars. One star is for the widescreen presentation. Chances are very few fans of this film has seen it in its original form for some time. The second star is for the enjoyable commentary from director John Hughes. But, in typical Paramount fashion (still bitter from their inital resistance toward the DVD format) this DVD does not come close to honoring this wonderful film! Hughes speaks of many deleted scenes that do not appear. Not so much as a trailer, or even talent files. I am often dissapointed with Paramounts overpriced under featured DVDs - this is no exception. I hope someday this film will recieve the DVD tribute it deserves!
1573921394|5.0|The hate-filled reviews this book, written by a Cambridge don and member of the Bloomsbury group, a patron of the arts who thought marxism &quot;one the most boring productions of human mind except for teology&quot;,has received here, are somekind of a surprise, were it not for the fact that Keynes' intellectual honesty simply led him to discover that capitalist economy was not only unequal (something that can be readily accepted by reactionnaries who believe in meritocratic rewards) but also irrational, as it was prompted by irrational expectatives that made it to rock between bullish euphorias and bearish depressions. The fact that capitalist economy does *not* necessarily favour the most enterprising and bright, as upward expectations and good ideas do not necessarily coincide, and that the State must do something in order to alleviate the sufferings producted by economic cycles, is something rabid free-marketers can not even stand to hear without beginning to heap abuse. Definitely, a part of our permanent literature.
6304401736|5.0|It took me a long time to get round to watching this movie, as I couldnt see how it could be better than the cartoon.<br />Surely it would be impossible to give the animals characted in the same way you can with animation.<br />How wrong I was!  This is a very entertaining film and way cuter than the cartoon.  Quite how they managed to marshall all those puppies I dont know, but the result is excellent.<br />There is more adult humor in this film, without being risque, making it a family movie, where as the cartoon is firmly set as a kids movie.<br />Highly recommended!
B0000524E5|1.0|SPOILER WARNING I really expected to have a good time with this movie, but I couldn't find anything positive in it. The bar is not even important for the main character in her search for love and success. She met her boyfriend before she even went to the bar, and she got strength to perform from her dad, not from those karaoke nights at the Coyote Ugly. We don't see her in a close friendship with the rest of the coyotes. The bar doesn't fulfill any function here.<br />It's useless as a comedy, as a drama, it's not enough when it comes to sex and those amazing girls. You might think that having those bodies and those faces, it would help the weak storyline. But if you're only looking for sexy women... well, these are HOT, but they never get naked, they really don't show much. If that was the high poing of the movie, it didn't work out.<br />But I want to make myself clear: I don't think a movie is good just because there's explicit sex or nudity. But this movie is so bad that sex could have made it a little more bearable. If you want a romantic comedy, get Notting Hill. If you want a girly drama, get something else. If you want sexy women, get porn instead.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is amazing. Blink182 gets better and better, which is no small feat for any band. Starting with earlier albums (Dude Ranch &amp; Cheshire Cat), Blink182 was a great punk band, with pretty-catchy, blindingly fast licks that just felt great to listen to. Now, they've gone and done the unbelievable by releasing an amazing album of coherent (but with ever-changing variety) stuff that just plain rocks. They can still bang out the hard licks, but now they have found a great balance between blindingly fast riffs and memorable melodies. You find yourself walking around later singing the catchy words, and not being able to wait until you can hear this album again.<br />They are fast-catching up with Less Than Jake in style and mastery of the heavy, fast punk that has made both so popular, and I am wondering who is going to win out (in my book). Both have fleshed out their styles of quick-fire guitar playing and driving monotones into full-fledged songs with variety and feeling, as well as maintaining the heavy, guitar-laden sound I like in these bands. It's amazing just how much both have changed over the years, and I think it's for the better.<br />So far so good; this band just keeps getting better and better. I just can't wait to see if they can keep it up...
B000053ZRR|4.0|Great sound, great picture, great editing, great performance. Who could ask for more? Only one complaint. The layer change interrupts the beginning of a song. They should have timed it to break during the applause or somewhere more acceptable.
B0000296SI|5.0|This is amazing. Blink182 gets better and better, which is no small feat for any band. Starting with earlier albums (Dude Ranch &amp; Cheshire Cat), Blink182 was a great punk band, with pretty-catchy, blindingly fast licks that just felt great to listen to. Now, they've gone and done the unbelievable by releasing an amazing album of coherent (but with ever-changing variety) stuff that just plain rocks. They can still bang out the hard licks, but now they have found a great balance between blindingly fast riffs and memorable melodies. You find yourself walking around later singing the catchy words, and not being able to wait until you can hear this album again.<br />They are fast-catching up with Less Than Jake in style and mastery of the heavy, fast punk that has made both so popular, and I am wondering who is going to win out (in my book). Both have fleshed out their styles of quick-fire guitar playing and driving monotones into full-fledged songs with variety and feeling, as well as maintaining the heavy, guitar-laden sound I like in these bands. It's amazing just how much both have changed over the years, and I think it's for the better.<br />So far so good; this band just keeps getting better and better. I just can't wait to see if they can keep it up...
B000002U8G|5.0|This is one of my favorite Pink Floyd albums, second only to Wish You Were Here.  I like every song on here, they're all great(yes, even Semus, ha ha!!)
0399146253|5.0|Unlike most of the Amazon reviews I've read about Cornwell's recent installment of the Scarpetta saga, I argue that it is perhaps the best installment yet, and returns Kay to the glory that she evinced in the first half-dozen of Cornwell's novels.<br />The Last Precinct provides a more honest and introspective dossier on Kay Scarpetta, her attitudes, and choices.  The reader finally learns WHY Kay acts the way she does, and why she's cloistered her personal life, and the betrayment she experiences when she shrugs off her professional identity for a roll in the hay with a sexy, sneaky younger man.  Personally, I've never seen Kay as paranoid.  I think any woman who has firmly established herself in two predominantly patriarchal fields -- forensic pathology and government service -- is likely to be met with wariness, frustration, and jealousy.  <br />This novel shows a more grown-up Kay who no longer hides behind her degrees or station, and shows us a frightened, emotionally confused and wrung-out woman desperate to take back control of her life on every level.  As usual, the pathology scenes are first rate, but there doesn't seem to be a total subjugation to gore as with some of the previous novels.  Marino is more tender-hearted, Lucy is FINALLY grown-up, and the always-interesting but aloof character of Anna is gleaned.  Even the style of the book fits more with its themes.  Many of the sentences are short and to the point, instead of running-off on the page for paragraphs.  As usual, the story is narrated by Kay, but what's unique here is that Cornwell continuously puts Kay in first person;  &quot;I think...,&quot; &quot;I feel...,&quot; etc.  I feel more connected to Kay and her psyche in this book than ever before, and it's a thrilling and emotionally satisfying ride.
0140177396|4.0|I absolutely loved this book!  John Stienbeck combines a true story of friendship and intertwined unavoidable circumstance along with tragedy, to show realistic fallout.  This is a perfect read for those who want to expand their knowledge on the Great Depression!  The symbolism in this book is outstanding; the title alone is a testament to that.  I'm not sure I found the play script format very useful.
B00004STPT|5.0|This is a great album.  If the images of one of the best movies I've seen doesn't help you, the music just as it is proves to be some of the best I've seen.  Some of the movements are thrilling, some are chilling, and all are very well-composed.  This CD is an excellent addition to any collection.
B000005J56|5.0|I'm completely revising my review of this CD in order to warn others of how it has changed my life forever.    <br />I fell in love with this CD immediately, and soon bought the video.  Watching the video, I fell in love with the musicians.   Soon I was collecting the spinoff CD's, of which I now have more than 20.  Then I bought the DVD for the extra tracks!<br />Was that enough?  No. <br />I found myself beating on my desk so hard to keep rhythm that I was concerned for the safety of my computer's hard drive.  So I made a few more purchases:  bongos, congas, claves, maracas, a guro, timbales and a cowbell.  Now I'm buying books and videos to teach me how to PLAY them all.  And I plan to drive to Ohio in November to see Juan de Marcos Gonzlez and his Afro Cuban All Stars.  <br />To be honest, the CD does have one flaw -- Ry Cooder's annoyingly inappropriate  slide guitar.  And even WITH that, it's BEYOND excellent.  These musicians are amazing enough to overcome even that handicap gracefully.    <br />Okay, now you have been warned.  <br />Still, I HIGHLY recommend that you buy it. Why? Because, were you to die never having heard it, it would be difficult to say for certain that you had ever really lived!!!
B000056JYB|4.0|Now often overlooked, Blind Faith was guitar god Eric Clpaton's first move after Cream imploded at the end of 1968.  Joining forces with the multi-talented Steve Winwood(vocals and keyboards), who has just left Traffic, seemed like an unbeatable idea, and the addition of drummer extraordinaire Ginger Baker and bassist Rick Grech made Blind Faith seem like a &quot;can't miss&quot; project.  Six months later it was over.  Rushed into the studio by greedy and insensitive managers and then sent on a long and chaotic tour, Blind Faith never had a chance to gel as a band.  After one promising album, the original supergroup broke up.<br />  Judged a disappointment at the time Blind Faith's one and only album has some very fine moments.  Clapton had yet to develop the confidence needed to be a convincing lead vocalist, so he deferred to Winwood, who was at his peak as a singer.  Clapton's guitar work is simply magnificent, as he is already maturing beyond his work with Cream and pointing towards his renaissance with Derek &amp; the Dominoes that began a year later.<br />  Polydor has remastered  &quot;Blind Faith&quot; using state-of-the-art technology, and reissued it with outtakes and jam sessions from the original 1969 recording sessions.  The original album is a revelation; the sound as crisp and full as is imaginable.  The clarity is astounding, and even if you think you know every note of this album, you will be pleasantly surprised by what you hear on this new version.  Songs like Winwood's &quot;Can't Find My Way Home&quot; and &quot;Sea of Joy,&quot; and Clapton's &quot;Presence of the Lord&quot; have aged very well and sound better than ever.<br />  The outtakes are a mixed lot.  A couple have appeared on Clapton and Winwood's anthologies, and several others have circulated for years on bootlegs, albeit with inferior sound.  These tracks are interesting but not essential.<br />  The jams, alas, are largely a waste.  Playing riffs for ten or fifteen minutes while waiting for a musical idea that's worth keeping is not my idea of fun for the listener.  These tracks are not even built around a reliable and basic format like 12-bar blues.  There are some fiery moments - how could there not be with these musicians - but, like the three CD &quot;Layla&quot; box a decade ago, most of the unreleased material is disappointing.<br />  Still, fans of Clapton, Winwood and their various bands will probably want to own this set.  The remastered &quot;Blind Faith&quot; is a gem, and stakes a viable claim for the album as one of the best of its era.aiting for a musical idea that's worth keeping is not my idea of fun for the listener.  These tracks are not even built around a reliable and basic format like 12-bar blues.  There are some fiery moments - how could there not be with these musicians - but, like the three CD &quot;Layla&quot; box a decade ago, most of the unreleased material is disappointing.<br />  Still, fans of Clapton, Winwood and their various bands will probably want to own this set.  The remastered &quot;Blind Faith&quot; is a gem, and stakes a viable claim for the album as one of the best of its era.
630512065X|4.0|I love this movie.  Points: - Everyone was performing really well and really getting into the part, which is good. - Did they have to make Macavity so mental?  I always thought of him as a more sly and sneaky character.  How could Bombularina and Electra sing 'He's outwardly respectable' when confronted with the mad hairy beast?   - I didn't know it was lip-synched - I couldn't tell.  How do we know it is? - Andrew Lloyd Webber's music is NOT twaddle!  What does that reviewer think he's talking about? - Ditto for the lighting supposedly being ruined by being shown on TV.  I thought it was great. - I thought Old Deuteronomy's last song was kinda dull, although performed well - it isn't the best one to end with, and also I wish Grizabella could have been transformed into the beauty she was once when she ascended into the sky. - I really, REALLY want to see Cats live!  Watch this video if you can't do that, I really recommend it if you like musicals.
0060926317|5.0|Mutant Message is the incredibly enticing and interesting tale of an American doctor named Marlo Morgan who travel to Australia, to end up doing a walkabout (walk across australia) with an Aboriginial tribe over a period of 3 months.  In the period of the three months, more amazing events take place than I think most people living in an American Society have ever seen, (or will ever see) in their entire lives.  In this book, Marlo helps readers explore and understand a society in which very few people in the world have ever seen or heard of, mainly because the society is in no way connected to the technological society than any of us belong to.  Mutant Message is an eye opening book, that will change your perspective on life, the universe, nature, and every other natural type object or lifeform that currently exists or at what point did.  In this book, Marlo basically explains and depicts a new religion (which by reading you learn isn't a religion at all) that involves believing in Divine Oneness, the belief in everything's beauty and love for everything real.  After passing this book along to numerous family members and friends, results have shown that nearly 9 out of 10 people have the same reaction to this remarkable story that I did.  This is definitely one of the greater books that I have read in my lifetime, and I feel that by not reading it you are missing out on a culture that you may never find or hear of again for the rest of your life without reading this book.
0807126063|5.0|A Confederacy of Dunces was reccomended to me by my eighth grade teacher. I am forever in debt to her. It was the best book I've ever read. I saw myself in Ignatius. It helped me to relieze who my confederacy was and get away from it.
B0000029DD|4.0|i can't help but feel that i'm doing a disservice to this cd and that i'm perhaps shaming the genius of the late jeff buckley with my rating.  everyone else seems to think it's five-star worthy.  perhaps it is, but it's easy to fall into the trap of glorifying an artist and his work after his/her death.  keep in mind that buckley only released this cd (the other &quot;album&quot; is a haphazard packaging of his work for the second album) and he never achieved star status in his lifetime.  simply put, his potential is five-star worthy, but this record isn't.  it's an incredible disc, for sure, and anyone even remotely interested should do themselves a favor and listen to it thoroughly.  buckley's voice is, dare i say it, the best of any contemporary &quot;rock&quot; artist i've heard.  it is beautiful, and his melodies and songwriting aren't too shabby either.  i can't stop listening to &quot;lilac wine&quot; and &quot;lover you should've come over&quot;.  it's true musical poetry.  the rest of the album is mostly very good, especially the hit &quot;last goodbye&quot;, but not as good as these.  it holds up well, though sometimes buckley's zeppelin and hard-rock influences sound a little harsh against his incredible voice.  not that those songs are bad, it just doesn't mesh well with the softer stuff.  the lasting impression you'll probably get from this album, as i did, is that this man could have produced some of the most astonishing and beautiful music of the 20th century.  i don't think i exaggerate; he really was that gifted.  i am captivated by that thought as i listen to the cd and that, along with his voice and music, is what keeps it in my cd player.  it's very easy to overlook this; at the very least, give it an honest chance.  you may find yourself wondering why it took you so long to discover this stuff.
B00000JJQK|2.0|I'm sorry, but it all sounds the same! Putting this in the same league with ANYTHING the beatles ever did is insane. Just what is so great about this I will never understand. Rubber Soul it is NOT!
0553212737|5.0|The problem is that Jane Austen is so popular - her books are the only 200 year old novels to stay in the Amazon top 5000- that people come to her expecting easy reading. This is 200 year-old English and takes persistence and I get upset when readers are disappointed. It's about a young woman in an English village trying to make matches for all her friends and getting into trouble. Deaths and sex take place way off stage. Some critics complain that Jane Austen ignores them but she is sharply aware of them.  When Mrs Churchill dies it's a joke (People's opinions of her improve because she proves her ailments were not imaginary) The death of Emma's mother takes half a sentence and she is replaced by &quot;an excellent woman as governess&quot;. Jane Fairfax's father is killed in action (presumably against Napoleon - or maybe the Americans) Harriet Smith is the daughter of a tradesman decent enough to support her but not married to  her mother. Women have no careers open to them and totter on the edge of poverty unless they inherit money or marry. An old man with rheumatism has to apply for parish aid.
B000002UAX|5.0|Helter Skelter is one of my favorite beatle songs(review of jan 8), and is a heavy metal classic! Never has a rock album said so much in 90 minutes as it has here. It's all covered here, and is pure classic from start to finish!Good Night.
B00003CXIY|4.0|I'd never seen the theatrical version, so I can't speak much for the &quot;unrated&quot; features, but I liked the movie itself much more than I'd expected I would. It was very American Pie-ish, which is never a bad thing. I'm not sure if it's worth buying... but it's a great rental.
B000002UAR|5.0|When revolver was released in 1966, it contained all 14 tracks just as they appear on this(it was only the capitol pressing that left off 3 songs), but this is the compleat masterpiece, containing all 14 tracks.The fact that this album, again,has been voted the best album of all time speaks for itself. Just fantastic...everyone needs this!
B0000560RV|5.0|This is simply the best album that came out last year!
9626340762|5.0|If you've ever tried to read Northanger Abbey and failed, listen to this audio cassette.  Juliet Stevenson is brilliant at portraying all the different characters - the naive, sweet, impressionable Catherine, the deceitful, ambitious, scheming Isabella, her equally odious brother John and the handsome, witty Henry. In fact all of the characters are done full justice to and the humour of the book just shines through.  This is Jane Austen at her best, lively, witty, funny and observant and Juliet Stevenson does an absolutely wonderful job of bringing the story to life.  When you have listened to the tape you will immediately want to read the book - which is even more brilliant.
0140177396|5.0|of mice and men was a graet book.  i have to do a essay on the book and i am trying to get same of the review of the book.
B00003CXHJ|5.0|U-571 is by far the best submarine movie out there.<br />Some criticize it for being inaccurate, take a listen to the director's commentary. Johnathon Mostow was very concerned about the accuracy of this film. I don't see how anyone can call it inaccurate, it isn't. <br />As for the fans of Das Boot, there is one critical thing wrong with Das Boot, it's not the right way to portray German submariners. They were portrayed as good people fighting for the wrong cause, that isn't true - Nazi submariners were probably the most pro-Nazi of all German soldiers. They were very passionate about fighting and U-571 does a great job of portraying that angle - the correct one.<br />If you're looking for an accurate portrayal of WWII, U-571 is it. It may not be factual, but that's ok - who cares - if you want facts, watch the Discovery Channel. It's full of action and suspense.
1570425671|2.0|This was my first exposure to David Sedaris, and I hope it'll be my last. For starters, there's his voice--a grating, oddly inflected whine that frequently made me want to eject the tape. As for the material, some of it is amusing, but many of the stories cross the line between sharp satire and sick, unfunny (and often boring!) discourse. Maybe there are better works by this author, but this one is really terrible.
B000002LTU|1.0|&quot;Doo-Bop&quot; represents Miles Davis' last studio recording.  I can think of nothing else of interest to note regarding this disc.  If the liner notes are to be trusted, Davis chose hip-hop tracks laid down by &quot;Easy Mo Bee&quot; and played his trumpet over them.  To give credit where it is due, some of his trumpet passages are worth hearing.  Many more are not, certainly in comparison to the 40+ years of work he had laid down prior to this.  As for the backing tracks, &quot;Easy Mo Bee&quot; hasn't been heard from again, and the reason why is not hard to determine from a quick listen to this:  as hip-hop goes, this is not prime material.  What seals the 1-star rating is the rapping.  Even in the banality-drenched world of hip-hop, &quot;Easy Mo Bee's&quot; lyrics are worthless.  This record is just awful; for Miles Davis completists and devotees of second-rate hip-hop only.
B00004RFCM|5.0|It so funny, I can't help but rewind some bits just to watch them again and laugh.  Okay so the picture quality is not supurb if your sitting with a magnifying glass but who cares - the stories are there, the laughter is there and it's reality, anyone who watches will get hooked.  This DVD is great for people on the go, if you have a half hour to spare in your day when you want to unwind and watch some tv - this is the DVD for you.  Watch whichever episode you like any time.  I can't wait for the 2nd season release - when is it coming out?
B000005DQR|5.0|Without a doubt, one of the all-time best albums ever recorded.  I bought this cd years ago and have listened to it easily 2,000 times.  I now have this cd imprinted to my skull.  I don't even have to listen to it anymore because all I have to do is think about it and I can hear it in my head.  This cd will leave an impression on you for years to come.  I'm still mad that it takes him 5 years to put out an album.  Anyway, back to the nice things to say.  Check out the songs &quot;Stem/Long Stem&quot; &quot;What Does Your Soul Look Like&quot;, &quot;Mutual Slump&quot;, hell any of them.  The best without a doubt, although his most famous, would have to be &quot;Midnight In A Perfect World&quot;.  At the time this album came out, I had never heard a song that portrayed what I THOUGHT to be the perfect song.  I still feel that way.  The title alone makes you hope it will be good - and it is.  <br />If you are into hip-hop, soul, jazz, rock, etc. you have to get this album.  It covers all ends of the spectrum and fulfills it's purpose all the way through.  There isn't a slow track on the entire album.  DJ Shadow is definately one of the biggest talents of my time.  If he could just put out more music.  Jeez.  I mean, uh, back to the review.  Every song has it's own sound but maintains the overall integrity of the album.  If you really listen, you will hear some of the most beautiful and subtlely placed scratching ever placed onto wax.  He is a master, in fact.  Never is anything overdone on this album.  I believe this is his best piece of work ever and will be very hard to top in the future.  Hopefully I'll put my foot in my mouth someday.  I'm looking forward to that.<br />So - if you're still reading this review and you haven't left to pick this cd up, or you haven't gone to another screen of amazon.com to order this, you're a fool.  Be gone.  Hope you dig it as much as I do.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|30 years later and they are still the Kings. I've got everything of their's from years ago but.....it's new, and by the Beatles. So, it's a must have. A bargain at $200. Fastest selling album in music history.
B000000OY9|1.0|I tried to find something positive about this album, but I can't.  The mid eighties were not kind to Neil, luckily his experimenting with synthesizers, etc. is over.  Save your money and buy other Neil CD's.
6300216039|4.0|&quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; directed by Franco Zeffirelli is the most true to date version of the classic Shakespeare story.  The characters of Romeo and Juliet, played by Leonard Whiting and Olivia Hussey, are very believable and represent the &quot;star-crossed&quot; lover characterization very well.  But as my title implies, was it really &quot;love at first sight?&quot;  <br />The relationship between Romeo and Juliet is one that is, as I get older, harder to believe.  Zeffirelli does a great job with telling the story as I think Shakespeare would have wanted it.  It is interesting to note that before Zeffirelli's version, it was commonplace to have adults act out Romeo and Juliet, and this version makes it much more real, but it also questions the emotions involved between the two lovers.  This movie shows the innocence of both Romeo and Juliet and how their romance was totally forbidden due to the tensions between the Montague and Capulet families, respectively.  <br />Romeo is portrayed as a dreamy sort of character.  While the men are having daily swordfights in the square, Romeo is off picking flowers and seeing girls that he is interested in.  Benvolio, Romeo's cousin, notices this and questions his interest in his latest love, Rosalyn.  Juliet, on the other hand, is seeking love from someone, anyone for that matter.  The only person who really pays attention to Juliet is the Nurse, played by Pat Heywood.  The Nurse takes special care of Juliet because she lost a daughter about the same age as her is now and somewhat lives her life through Juliet.  Juliet's parents are more concerned with parties and other things rather than the happiness and care of Juliet.  In fact, Juliet's parents have secretly arranged for Paris, a much older man, to marry her.   Romance happens very quickly for both Romeo and Juliet.  Romeo spots Juliet at a function that the Capulets were hosting and Romeo becomes obsessed with thoughts of Juliet.  Within a few days, they arrange through Friar Laurence, played by Milo O' Shea, to be married.  After they are married they consumate their love for one another and Romeo finds that he must leave as he is banished from the kingdom because of Tybalt's death.  Juliet is desperate to find a way to leave and be with Romeo, and seeks the Friar's assistance.   The Friar devises a plan that finds Juliet drinking a potion which allows her to sleep comfortably for up to 48 hours.  The Capulet family finds Juliet &quot;dead&quot; and initiates funeral service for her.  Word of Juliet's plan was to be sent to Romeo, but unfortunately, not in time.  Romeo finds Juliet &quot;dead&quot; and drinks a potion to be with her, his potion, however, is fatal.  Juliet awakes to find her love dead and stabs herself with Romeo's dagger to be with him forever.  <br />I think this movie successfully portrays the truest form of Romeo and Juliet's short life.  Franco Zeffirelli does a terrific job of telling the tragedy of Romeo and Juliet.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Well I like this album and it sounds great, but like other Beatles fans out there there does leave alot to be desired. I realize this is a No 1 hits only CD but man I thought they had more No 1 hits than this.... im surprised, theres alot here but I was under the impression every song they wrote was a no 1 hit, guess not. buy this Cd its worth it.....
0425107469|3.0|I don't know what exactly drew me to this book, I have never read a Dean Koontz novel before, but I overheard some relatives talking about it, and figured I would find out fro myself what they were talking about. I picked up this novel paid for it, and went home. That night, I cracked open the book, and to my astonishment found that I had read some 250 pages in what seemed no time at all. Not being an avid reader I was shocked that I was drawn so thoroughly into this novel so quickly. Two days later I finished my first Dean Koontz novel and was left wanting more.  In a secret government lab two genetically altered beings escape. One bred for pure intelligence and the other as a weapon of war. The first, a golden retriever grown with an abnormally high intelligence, and the latter, a dog of war made from muscle, and hate. The novel starts off with the main character Travis running alone in a canyon when he comes across a golden retriever. The dog saves Travis' life by leading him away from some unknown evil, and through this ordeal Travis befriends the canine. As time goes by Travis starts to notice things about his new friend. He mentions that the dog always stares at him knowingly, as if the dog understands him, and soon Travis learns its secret. That it can understand human speech and respond, not though speech, but the dog can recognize letters and form crude sentences with scrabble pieces. All this while a series of vicious murders occurs, and they seem to be getting closer and closer to hi home. Finally one night Travis encounters this evil that seemed to have been following him since he came across the golden retriever in the canyon. Travis and the dog barely escape, and they flee across states. To add a twist, secret government officials are also searching for the two escaped dogs, and Travis must flee from them also. To find out what happens in the end I recommend that you but this book.   Dean Koontz is a brilliant storyteller and keeps the reader on the edge of his/her seat throughout the novel. This novel is also fast paced, and a very quick read. There are quite a few plot twists, and it is overall a very good read. This is not a literary piece. It should not be read if one wants to find a new meaning for life, or is looking to take away a life changing idea from this novel. It t was written for entertainment, and it is a good read, yet overall the reader comes out gaining no knew knowledge about anything important.  This was a good book, and I recommend it for those who enjoy reading as a form of entertainment. It is a quick-read and a thriller. However it is not a literary masterpiece. Dean Koontz is a fantastic author, and if this novel doesn't intrigue you, then I suggest you look into anyone of his other literary pieces.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|We all know the songs; we all probably own them on one compilation or another... but how can we pass on taking them into our collections - just once more???<br />Even after more than 30 years since The Beatles ceased to exist as a band, the sales of this collection of their classic #1 singles is testament to the timelessness and staying power of Beatles music... and is only further proof of how their profound influence is still being felt.<br />I just hope that the sales of this album reflect interest in the youthful music buyers, as well as the seasoned veteran Beatles fans. Though they may not realize it, young people today are so cheated by the music they have to grow up listening to... and will have, someday, as their legacy. When I hear the soul-less, dance-driven brain rot that has become the backdrop to their lives, I feel saddened for them. It's all such a far cry from what teens had when the songs on &quot;The Beatles 1&quot; were being released and shooting straight up the charts. In another year or so, I am going to introduce my eldest neice to The Beatles - much in the same way MY aunt did for me when I was a pre-teen... long after their breakup.<br />It gives me great pleasure - and relief - to see another Beatles album place the band back in the &quot;best-selling group&quot; category once again.<br />There IS still hope, after all.
B000002J1S|5.0|Imagine you are in Tony Banks's shoes in early 1974.  Your last album SELLING ENGLAND has at last broken the band into the US charts (albeit at #70).  You've got a few ideas for ditties in your mind, but, as per the Genesis compositional process, you're waiting for Gabriel to deliver the lyrics.  He hands them over, and you quickly notice two things about them: they are no longer set in an English arcadia -- Gabriel has set the drama in New York to increase the US audience -- and it's more than a single LP's worth.  As usual, Gabriel has a few ideas about the music for his lyrics, but with Steve Hackett distracted by composing for a first solo album, you've either got to argue Gabriel down to a single album's length, or come up with a double album's worth of tunes.  You choose the latter course, so you've got to compose at twice the normal pace.<br />What does Banks come up with?  One of the 70s progressive masterpieces.  Better than anything ELP ever did, and at least on a par with Yes's CLOSE TO THE EDGE and the highly underrated TOPOGRAPHIC OCEANS.<br />I have bought three versions of this album in my time -- LP, picture CD and remastered CD -- and I have got an enormous amount of pleasure from it.  I know it so well that it's probably only 4-star to me now, but it has been 6-star for so much of the last 27 years that I had to give it top rating.  I like the pulse of CD1, but for me, the better tunes are on CD2, as the album builds slowly towards its climax.  'The Lamia' is one of the best tunes Genesis ever wrote, and it extracts another great solo from Hackett, who is strangely quiet on much of this album.  Mike Rutherford is consistently good on this album, by the way, and Phil Collins increasing his claim on the post of assistant Genesis vocalist.  I'm never too sure how much is Eno and how much is Banks on this album, but it works well.  It's surprising that Eno wasn't reused for the post-Gabriel follow-up, TRICK OF THE TAIL.<br />Anyway, you have to have this album in your collection, even if you only buy five albums from the 70s.is album in your collection, even if you only buy five albums from the 70s.
0812046625|4.0|The supposed value of this book lies in the fact that it lists verbs in all their conjugations and tenses.  Whereas this may be helpful for beginners, the fact of the matter is that once you learn the grammar rules governing verbs, you won't need this book!<br />However, in all fairness I must write two good things about this book.  First, seeing all the conjugations and tenses of a verb laid out on one page is helpful in making sense of the various verb forms, especially in terms of keeping them distinct from each other.  And second, this book provides a list of some of the most useful verbs that you can study as a beginning student of the language.<br />My advice is to examine your own personal learning style and ask yourself if you really need this book, because once I learned the rules of verb formation, this book did little more than gather dust on my shelf.
1563896656|5.0|ONly a writer with the brilliance of Alan Moore (it must be the beard) could have combined Victorian literature and comic books and actually had the mix work. I was skeptical at first, but the story is brilliant. The characters are true to the roots (Nemo as a Sikh), but my idea of Mr. Hyde was an evil looking short guy, but I understood why he looked the way he did in the book. The only character that remains apocryphal to me is Campion Bond, but with Alan moore you never know. The coolest thing about it is that every background character is someone from real Victorian literature (although most I did not recognize). For 25 dollars you get a brilliant story in hardcover with a bookmark and an Alan Quartermain story. The only thing that I wish it had was the Victorian ads the individual issues had, but it is worth every penny. BUY IT!
B00003CXDG|2.0|This has got to be one of the most overhyped films I have ever seen in my 14 years on this Earth.  The story was idiotic, the acting was SOOOO lame, and it all made no sense.  The fighting scenes didn't even make any sense!  The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the action is a little cool at times.  But what it all boils down to is that this is a stupid movie.  A lame, illogical, overhyped movie that requires no mental effort.  Thank you.
0375420525|5.0|The best fiction i have ever read, House of Leaves is totally absorbing and amazing. A real page turner, with other redeeming qualities. If you have the time to give this book undevided attention, get it!
6305558167|4.0|I am writing this review as I view &quot;Excalibur&quot; for the millionth time. I happened upon it a few months ago while channel searching and was instantly hooked. Boorman must have driven himself crazy getting the battle scenes staged, but they remain thrilling, even if the gore succumbs to 'Monty Python' levels of absurdity. The one thing that mainly bothers me about &quot;Excalibur&quot; is that, as Boorman mentions in his commentaty, ALL of the dialog had to be overdubbed after filming. This gives the viewer the sense that they are watching a badly dubbed European movie, and I hate that sort of distraction. Thankfully, the cinematography is first rate, capturing the lush greens of the Irish countryside. And there are some amazing scenes, such as when Arthur asks Uriens to knight him. Humbling himself to win the faith and trust of his foes, the squire Arthur assumes his power as king as chosen by his knights for his trust and courage. As others have mentioned, Nicol Williamson and Helen Mirren are pros who shine here; the same can't be said for Cherie Lunghi and Nigel Terry sad to say. The uneveness of their performances reveals an amateurism better avoided; it would have been well for the studio to spend more on more seasoned actors. In the end, though, it is hard to resist &quot;Excalibur's&quot; dramatic and visual appeal. Somehow Boorman directs as an alchemist, creating gold out of base materials. A film I return to over and over. Bravo Mr. Boorman.
B00004Z459|1.0|Ladies and Gentleman yet another Limp Bizkit rip-off, what are these guys like 12. My brother bought the c.d. I looked inside and these look like a bunch of highschoolers, which would explain why they sing like they've just hit puberty. The cd is just as bad as &quot;Infest&quot;, from Papa Roach,if Rap-Rock is your forte, try better bands like Zebrahead, Crazytown, Limp Bizkit(at least their music is fun and they don't take themselves so seriously)and Kid Rock(2000's hardest working man in showbusiness). I just can't stand to see 17 year olds making a vain attempt at writing meaningful lyrics and failing miserably. So everyone beware we have the new hardcore Backstreet Boys in town and their name is Linkin Park.
6305171769|3.0|I'm sure it's been mentioned somewhere before in the previous 200 reviews, but this movie is not for true Halloween fans. It completely disregards Halloweens 3-6. But I can deal with that I suppose cause a couple of those were pretty crappy anyway. It's just that there's something missing in this movie. It's as if this movie was just made for the revival of the teen horror genre that was big at the time not as a continuation of Halloweens 1 and 2. The teenagers are really annoying in this movie. There is no character development. And Michael Meyers is one of the more bland characters in the movie. He isn't scary like he was in others in the series. Yeah, he was your typical 80's killer like Jason and Freddy in parts 1-6, but he had more depth back then. Not only does this movie disregard parts 4-6, it seems to disregard parts 1 and 2. Where is the madness that Michael one had??? That's what made him truly terrifying. I'm really dissappointed in Jamie Lee Curtis for making this movie.
B000023VR6|4.0|Dre remains a legend and one of the best rappers to ever rap. After a long delay from The Chronic, he is back in business with a vengeance. In this cd, he addresses disgruntled fans, pornography, drugs, violence and the unfortunate passing of his brother. It is the most vulgar cd I've ever listened to by a long shot, but the compilations are great. Jay-Z is the only great rapper that isn't featured in this. There is Xhibit, Eminem, Snoop Dogg, Jake Steed and Nate Dogg, among others.
0618001905|5.0|Incredibly riveting account.  Exposes and forcibly brings home to the present the horrific, heinous crimes and genocide committed by King Leopold, European powers, and the Americas (North and South), against millions of native blacks in colonial Africa. Sad, sobering.  Highly insightful of international politics during the &quot;scramble for Africa&quot; in the latter 19th century. Connects with the &quot;stricken continent&quot; Africa of today.  Absolutely devastates any attempts to minimize, rationalize, excuse or justify the slave trade as practiced by the Europeans and Americans. As Marq de Villiers and Sheila Hirtle state in the introduction of their book, &quot;Into Africa&quot; - &quot;...it is impossible to underestimate the deadly effects of the European traffic in slaves.  Hard as it may be to believe, there have been attempts to 'justify' the slave trade by pointing out that Africans occasionally enslaved each other long before Europe got there. But nothing - nothing - has ever equalled the European theft of thirteen million Africans.&quot;  &quot;Theft&quot; is not a sufficient word.  Brutal, callous, sadistic, genocidal murder, unimaginable cruelty and tortuous punishment, coersion and maiming of the black African men, women, and children by the slave-drivers and slave-traders. Against this nightmarish Hell is the inspiring, courageous, and instructive story of the heroes of this first civil rights movement:  E.D. Morel, George Washington Williams, William H. Sheppard, Sir Roger Casement, Hezekiah Andrew Shanu. Hochschild's masterful book will compel professors to re-frame their interpretations and discussions of Joseph Conrad's &quot;Heart of Darkness&quot;.  I had earlier read Thomas Pakenham's excellent book &quot;The Scramble for Africa&quot; which was an extraordinary and wonderfully told story including many of the same brutal facts. Adam Hochschild's book, however, hits you hard at a gut level.  It will not leave you unchanged.
B00003CX6P|4.0|A very compelling story about a common civilian who gets an opportunity to travel to meet a rather famous individual, not anticipating to become involved in the life of that person, Tom Ripley. A friendship, a bond develops between them, but a woman comes become them and ruins everything that they had going for them. Soon, Matt Damon realizes that it is better to take control of the identity of Mr. Ripley, just to live life in the fast lane, at any extent. Great job of setting it in the 60s and 70s with a good appearance of the mafia. Good plot and well executed story with emotional acting give this movie what it needs.
0783242808|5.0|I saw this movie last year for the first time after I heard everyone that I know to see this movie and I thought it was the funnist movies I ever seen. It is about 4 friends making a bet about making love on prom night. Alot of funny monents in the film including the scene where Michele tells what she did one time in band camp. So if you are in the mood to laugh then this is the movie for you.
0140135154|1.0|Critics such as Berger are harmful to the cause of art.  His writing is totally incomprehensible.  I teach art, and therefore would expect to know what he's talking about -- but I haven't a clue.  Art critics need to stop writing for EACH OTHER and start to speak the language of the common person.  No wonder people feel stupid when it comes to discussing art (modern art in particular) -- the critics speak in a language that is alien to most everyone except themselves.
B00003CXBK|1.0|This movie totally grossed me out. It shows giant ugly pigs with boils and pus on their body infecting the hero. Lots of vomit inducing scenes and offensive scenes where people worship the slimy pigs. Don't listen to the hype. Skip this one. For good anime, check out &quot;Ninja Scroll&quot; or &quot;Ghost in the shell&quot;. Both include adult and provacative content, but they did not make me puke my lunch.
6302859204|3.0|A very enjoyable film.  The mystery surrounding Travis Walton's abduction by a UFO and the public suspicion directed at his coworkers is well-handled.  The cast, which includes James Garner, Robert Patrick and D.B. Sweeney among other familiar faces, is very good.  The scenes aboard the UFO are harrowing.  However, the filmmakers mistepped by making Travis' friend the dramatic center of the film rather than Travis himself.  It would have been interesting to see Travis trying to cope with everyday life after his terrifying experience.
B00004XONN|5.0|It's hard to describe this music in words, if you can even call everything on the CD &quot;music.&quot;  Some words that come to mind are: experimental, artistic, spooky, synthetic, lonely, futuristic, beautiful.  It takes you on a tour through an unwordly landscape, and has the same effect as a hallucinogen--including addiction.
B00004Z459|5.0|The second I heard One Step Closer on the radio, I knew these guys had it together! I think that it is incredible that they actually let their dj play some stuff--unlike many other bands! If you think the song One step Closer is great, you have no idea how great all the other songs are, they are probably better. The lyrics to every single one of the songs are absolutely amazing because they have such deep meaning to them. The way they play is also incredible due to the ups and downs, highs and lows. That shows they know what they are doing because not all of the songs have the same sound or beat to them. I also thought it was amazing that there was no profanity in it-not even anything close, which adds to the music because that stuff just isn't needed to catch meaning! So, in other words, go buy this cd now cause you don't know what you're missing!
0553106635|5.0|I started reading some of the reviews already in place, and had to add some notes. I am not even halfway through! Martin is the first sci-fi writer I have read (yes,even Tolkien) who does not give you the &quot;brave, determined, nobodies&quot; who go out to battle the &quot;all powerful, all evil, never born-never died&quot; bad guy. No character in the story is faultless. None are completely demonic. Sometimes they win, sometimes they get their heads cut off. In fact, this series is more &quot;realistic&quot; that most of the spy-vs.-spy, Ludlum, type fiction. It's a great book, so far. It is a long read. But, I find that I read some here, walk away, and come back a few days later- actually anticipating reading what happens next.Well, there you go. If you are new to George Martin, get A Game of Thrones and catch up with us.
079284131X|5.0|Hi! I am from New zealand. I just bought Child's play dvd today.In N.Z this disc is Zone 4 PAL and presented in 1:85:1..That means a letter box to my 4:3 TV. This disc is one of the best horrific movie in 80's. The story itself..I rate for 5 out of 5. But this disc's Special features only cost zero (rated 0 out of 5) Because they only got one threatrical trailer and the Collectible behind-the scenes booklet was soooo thin!! (Only one A4 size sheet) Come on ! we are living in 2001 Could they offer more stuff into the dvd disc??? After all If u like Chucky, u should own a copy of this.
0385486804|5.0|This book is a chilling, harrowing true story of Christopher McCandless, an intelligent, compassionate young man who couldn't stand to live in the stale world of wealth and work. A fan of Leo Tolstoy and Henry Thoreau, he was inspired by the former's forsakenness of wealth to walk among the poverty-stricken populace, so he packed up some possesions, burned all of his money, abandoned his car, which he loved, and headed across the country in search of adventure. He intended to leave his family, which he had never gotten along entirely well with, and live on the land, to create for himself a new life. This book is an account of McCandless's epic oddysey, which spanned all across the North American continent, from Georgia to Mexico to Alaska, and his adventures along the way, along with memories from friends and acquaintances. I simply couldn't stop reading this fateful tale. It reads like a documentary, for most of the story, it seems like you are living vicariously through Krakauer's writing, and he often seems like he isn't there at all. The other reason I liked this book so much was its study of the main character, who is a fascinating character who is riddled with contradictions and romances that ultimately led to his end in the Alaskan Bush. He is a different breed than I, than most of us, the kind that is completely unimpressed by the mundane life we have here and wants life on his own terms. If you like adventure stories, this is a must read. The story isn't overlong, it lasts only over 200 pages and remains fresh throughout. Absolutely compelling reading.
B000001IQH|5.0|when i first bought this cd, i was hoping that at least half of the songs were good. I knew that many punk bands include &quot;filler&quot; material to lengthen the cd. so,when i first bought it i thought that was how it was going to be. I was wrong. The moment i put this in, i was amazed. every song on this cd is excelent. the songs arent too long, the longest one being around three minutes. the best thing about rancid is the emotion that they express in their lyrics. do yourself a favor and buy this CD. this is a must have for any punk rocker.
B000001EMW|5.0|This is a must for any Metallica fans.  At first I thought how could cellos play Metallica's music.  I thought they just don't go together.  But after I listened to it, my view point had changed.  I have to admire the cello players.  Fantastic job!!!!  Just go buy it.  All the songs are great and I think ONE and Fade to Black really stand out.
B000002J2D|5.0|The departure of guitarist Steve Hackett after the &quot;Wind and Wuthering&quot; tour was significantly less traumatic than the departure two years earlier of frontman Peter Gabriel and has been given too much credit (or blame, depending on how your tastes run) for the subsequent commercialization of the Genesis sound. With Mike Rutherford stepping in to fill the void left by Hackett's resignation, the remaining trio turns out a brilliant effort with &quot;And Then There Were Three&quot;. Although the pop-rock tendencies which had surfaced on the previous album with &quot;Your Own Special Way&quot; became slightly more conspicuous on this album (&quot;Snowbound&quot; and &quot;Follow You, Follow Me&quot;) Genesis continued to churn out inventive, melodic prog-rock workouts such as &quot;Down and Out&quot;, &quot;Undertow&quot; and &quot;Burning Rope&quot;. &quot;Scenes From A Night's Dream&quot; captures all the whimsy and eccentricity of the Peter Gabriel days and is one of my favorite songs on the album. A must-have for serious Genesis fans.
B000021XS0|5.0|As I have already stated, this is the single best CD I have ever had the pleasure of listening to. I am a real Dream Theater fan and had almost all of their CDs except this one. I had heard great things about it and finally bought it. I was totally shocked. It was by far the most heart-filled enthusiatic best CD I have ever listened to. Not only did it have many of the best songs I have heard to date, but it bound them together in an extremely well thought out rock opera format. I listened to it about 35000 times in the first few days I had it just deciphering the story within my head. This is an absolutely beautiful piece of work and I would recommend this CD to absolutely everyone...dedicated Dream Theater fan or not. It is up there in the ranks of other great story driven CDs as The Wall, The Who's Tommy, Triumvirat's Spartacus and many others. All in all, this CD is the most beautifully crafted piece of music I have ever listened to.
0452281881|2.0|Do you believe that advertising agencies are somehow glamourous or intigueing?  Are office politics and rumours interesting to you?  Do you like office gossip?  <br />When I bought this book, I thought it was going to have more substance.  I know we're only supposed to criticize the content, but it doesn't have much!
B000051ZST|3.0|Yes there is a lot of gratuitous nudity - that is why it is a guy movie.  But that is also what makes it funny.  A guy is telling the story so of course he is going to add as much nudity as possible!  Speaking of Tom Green though...I really think we could have done without his part all together.  His character added nothing to the movie....and he is not even that funny.  (though I must admit, the snake biting his hand made me laugh harder than anything else in the movie) Watching the scenes with the hotel clerk, my husband and I kept saying &quot;Who is that? I know that guy&quot; But we just could not figure out who it was!  That was truly inspired casting.  Andy Dick IS unrecognizable and hilarious.  :) Don't feel left out though girls...you will enjoy this movie too.  Breckin Meyer is a cutie and the other guys are not too bad either.  :)  Even the skinny kid!! :)
B000050XEI|5.0|After five long years, enya has a new alblum... &quot; A Day Without Rain&quot; and it is just as satisfying as all her other alblums.<br />Unlike her previous alblums like &quot;Watermark&quot; and &quot;Sheperd Moon&quot; which had the distinct ancient Celtic tunes, &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; is different from her previous release because her new songs does have a modern touch to it ! One fine example of one of these &quot;modern&quot; tracks is &quot;Lazy Days&quot;.<br />There are a total of eleven tracks in this alblum, each one more soothing than the last.<br />This alblum is great for anyone under great stress as somehow, as always, her music has a calming effect. This alblum is also great for kids as I have seen youngsters being enchanted by enya's music and have become more creative!<br />On a final note, I would like to thank enya for all the joy and peace that her music has brought.
0451169514|5.0|Im 14, and after recently reading this ingenious masterpiece, i find myself dumbfounded. Stephen King has the mind of a man beyond brilliance. The talent displayed by this man was not meant to be put on this earth, toward any one person.<br />  IT brings back that elemental fear of the monster in the closet. I have a very vivdly active imagination, and due to this fact, the book absolutely horrified me.<br /> During the course of reading this book, i often left the closet light on, and the closet door open, as i slept. I kept the book outside of my rom at all times,and swore that (as i lay in bed unable too sleep) the next day, i would take a pack of matches too it. But somehow, the same force that brought the lucky seven back to derry, brought me back to derry as well.<br />Every book has it's point of no return page, It as w/ all stephen king books, boasts this to be page three.<br />This book comes higly recommended by me, and many others, i love to talk, about it, please email me at hey_how_u_doin13@hotmail.com If u happen to have MSN messenger, my screen name is my email address, or aol messenger, it's chicago turtle.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I have never really been into The Beatles before, but I thought I would check out this album. I absolutely love it! Whenever someone mentioned these guys before, all I could picture was four mop topped guys singing &quot;I Want To Hold Your Hand&quot;, and that wasn't music to me. But this album contains so much more. I really love &quot;The Ballad of John and Yoko&quot; and I have found myself wanting to listen to this cd more and more. I have also bought the The Blue alblum, and it really opened me up to The Beatle's sound. These two albums really let you know why these guys are so great. The Beatle's really were pioneers in the music industry and it is amazing how they have been sampled and copied. Once you start listening to them, you just want to hear more and more!
B000056JYB|5.0|Blind Faith has finally been released in a deluxe edition  with an extended booklet. Firstly, the cover graphics have been reproduced beautifully compared with the original Polygram CD release, and secondly, the sound is about on a par with the Mobile Fidelity Gold remaster released many years ago. The bonus tracks are OK - it's obvious why they weren't released however. The jams are interesting - &quot;Very Long and Good Jam&quot; has exactly the same drum pattern as the later released &quot;Aiko Biaye&quot; from Ginger Baker's Air Force. This is an excellent album - when is the live album going to be released?
B000000OPU|5.0|If I had to take ten albums to a desert island, this would certainly be one.  Peter Gabriel lightens up somewhat here over his previous work, but relax - it isn't exactly a party album.  A good way for me to judge how good an album is is by finding the worst or weakest track, which is close to impossible here.  &quot;We Do What We're Told&quot; I suppose gets the nod, and only then because I feel the ending lyrics don't quite match the opening.  Of course, I'm doing my best to find flaws in a masterpiece, and that's the best I can come up with.  &quot;Red Rain&quot; and &quot;That Voice Again&quot;, two songs about guilt (I think - people can read PG's lyrics several ways) are superbly done.  &quot;Don't Give Up&quot; has been known to get me through difficult times, and the frat-party staples (which PG is possibly embarassed by) &quot;Sledgehammer&quot; and &quot;Big Time&quot; are both big fun.  Peter Gabriel's albums are always excellently produced, but Daniel Lanois &amp; PG completely outdo themselves on this album - every note, every beat, every sound is exactly where it should be.  Bonus kudos to Peter Gabriel for thanking people who worked on songs that didn't make the final cut.  The only people who probably wouldn't enjoy this album are those who still persist in believing that rock is the devil's music.  All others are strongly urged to buy this.
014100018X|5.0|Someone lent me this book and it sat on my nightstand for a month before I finally picked it up and could not put it down.  Not an intense story, but one filled with all things having to do with human nature-love, friendship, anger, hurt, and how this young woman manages to bring lost souls together using her mystical personality and above all-chocolate.  Who could resist?
0811826848|5.0|I gave this book as a Christmas gift and it is superb.  The quality of the book, as well as the pictures and text is excellent.  She was delighted with the book (and I was delighted with the price too).  Very interesting -- with lots of facts that I hadn't heard before.
0679879269|2.0|While this series started out with an intriguing theory about the nature of matter and awareness (I honestly loved The Golden Compass), unfortunately the author's underlying hostility to religion in general and the Church in particular intrude, and this results in a story that does not achieve the quality of &quot;trueness&quot; for which it purports to strive.  Parents and other people in authority are nearly universally portrayed as venal, obsessive, selfish or self-centered, manipulative and unworthy of trust.  There are what can only be deliberate errors of fact in portraying Christian doctrine, and one of the heroines is a former nun who decides there must be no God because she can't have sex.   The author is clearly talented and it saddened me to find his message so viciously hostile to many people's genuine experience of truth.  If you are a person who has experienced the truth of God you will likely be offended by the book;  if you have adolescent children, at the very least you may want to discuss the books carefully with your kids if they read these books.  I will say I was sorely disappointed to reach the end and find the book was in no way &quot;true.&quot;  I have read a lot of books by non-Christians, including atheists, that at least reflected  truths of existence, quite profound ones, and I have found them rewarding to read and thought-provoking even when I didn't agree with their conclusions.  This author seems determined to deliberately lie to the reader, and the thought that impressionable and instinctively rebellious adolescents might be influenced by this without a chance to &quot;debrief&quot; worries me--and I don't believe in censorship!
630018403X|5.0|this movie is quite possibly the best ever high school-related film in history. reading a summary does this classic no justice. if you want to watch an awesome movie, this is the one you'll want. molly ringwald is the sexiest, most wonderful actress ever. uh..i mean...whatever. this movie rocks.
B00003CXE7|5.0|What an outstanding movie!  The acting, story and choreographed fight scenes were excellent.  Russel Crowe has proven himself to be one of the greatest actors of our time with this superb performance.  My highest praise goes to this movie, though, not for the aforementioned points, but for the portrayal of a man with honor and integrity, willing to die for what is right, for his country and for his honor.  This seems lacking in our society today and it was refreshing to see such a great portrayal of the Roman Warrior Ethic (which is historically accurate).  This will be required viewing for my children in a few more years.<br />The violence is too much for pre-teens, but I believe it is necessary to accurately and powerfully tell the story of the times in which it is told.
6304936362|2.0|I found this movie to be full of cliches and concocted action.  The crew behaved as if this was their first mission instead of their 25th.  The documentary by William Wyler is just as exciting, a lot more accurate, and a better bargain as a film.
6300214540|5.0|This is my favorite movie of all time! Most people don't believe me when I tell them I've watched it over 30 times, but yeah, I think 30 is about right. <br />This movie has everything, an interesting plot, characters you can relate to, action, drama, comedy, yeah ok, some romance too, but the awsome action sceens, the fights in the air (not to mention the ones on the ground) are really what make this movie so great.<br />I would recommend this movie to everyone, I have never met anyone in their right mind that didn't enjoy it. It will keep you on the edge of your seat untill the very end!
0451196716|5.0|I first read &quot;The Long Walk&quot; a few months ago, and I am still thinking about it.  It's the kind of story that works its way inside your mind and stays there.  The story is gripping, impossible to put down, even though for 99 out of 100 Walkers, the end is clear.   The prose is very accurate and descriptive.  King describes horrifying scenes without sinking into over-the-top gore for its own sake. The backbone of the story is not horror, but the connections forged between the doomed teenagers.  What is truly frightening about The Long Walk is that it is not fiction, but a look at our own future.  This is not a sci-fi thriller set in some fantastic future five thousand years from now.   With the huge sucess of reality TV shows like &quot;Survivor&quot; and &quot;Temptation Island&quot;, The Long Walk is breathing down our necks.  Like &quot;1984&quot; and &quot;Brave New World&quot;, &quot;The Long Walk&quot; strikes a chord of truth, and gives us warning of what may come.  &quot;The Long Walk&quot; is too important to be dismissed as just another horror novel.  I think everyone should read it.
0517123207|5.0|Everyone is aware of the importance of Darwin's 1959 classic science text.  Yet, few of the many defenders and detractors of evolution have read it.  While certainly out of date and lacking in the loads of modern evidence to back him up, Darwin nevertheless provides the best introduction to evolution by means of natural selection.<br />Darwin goes through nearly every point imaginable, providing the results of years of tests, observations, and study.  Each chapter goes on an exhaustive analisys of different topics.  I had already read much evolution literature, but I was even more convinced after reading Darwin's well-written thesis.  He is unpretentious and modest.  Even when the subject gets tedious (he goes into rather extensive details on raising pigions and floating various seeds over water), his good humor is always evident and you know you only have to wait until his next big find is revealed.<br />&quot;The Origin of Species&quot; should be read by anyone claiming to know the origin of mankind.  Though often tedious and lacking in modern evidence, this is still science writing at its best.  Any layman can understand the principle concepts of evolution through Charles Darwin.
B00003CXIY|5.0|I have read so many reviews that say that there is nothing different between the rated and unrated versions of &quot;road trip,&quot; but they are all wrong. I have checked both versions and it appears that some footage was cut from the scene where the women are in the locker room. Obviously cut in order to make this film acceptable for the R rating.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|During one week of April '64 these guys had seven songs in the top ten, including numbers one through five!  They used to release two albums per year, plus two singles and an EP or two. The Beatles did not put the singles on the albums because they felt it would be cheating record buyers who already had the single.  Besides they had songs to spare.  Steve Ballmer, defending Microsoft earlier this year, said breaking up the company would be like breaking up Lennon and McCartney for writing too many hit songs.  (Note to Steve and Bill: only if the Beatles had sabotaged the Rolling Stones by taking away their use of the English language).  For those of you under 20 or so, if this is the only Beatles album you've heard, let me tell you two things: 1) the records that didn't go to number one are as good as the #1's, and 2) many of the album cuts are as good or better than the singles were.  You can't say that for many popular recording artists.  Sinatra in the mid-Fifties or Dylan in the mid-Sixties come to mind.  With records, there are songs that sound like singles and others that don't really.  The others may be as good but lack the commercial sound the producer is looking for in a single, so they end up as album tracks.  The Beatles' set themselves apart in that alot of their very best songs became album tracks, instead of being saved for singles.   EMI could do two more of these 27 song discs without much fall-off in quality or impact.  From their FIRST YEAR of recording alone you've still got in reserve:  Please Please Me, Twist and Shout, I Saw Her Standing There, Thank You Girl, I'll Get You, All My Loving, It Wont Be Long, All I've Got to Do, This Boy, Money, Youve Really Got a Hold on Me, Long Tall Sally, Slow Down, I Call Your Name, You Cant Do That, I Should Have Known Better, If I Fell, etc..  Then there is the whole of Rubber Soul and Revolver and Pepper.  Here, we are talking about less obviously commercial songs- which can be good- and they are certainlyon par with the #1's in terms of songwriting.  Strawberry Fields, for me the essential, archetypal Beatles song, missed this disc, but of course it is inseparable from Penny Lane.  Everyone else has said it already, but go get the albums.  I went through them all on vinyl in the 70's, I bought the CD reissues in the 80's and now I'm waiting for EMI/Capitol to put out the 24-bit remasters.
B0000542D1|5.0|I am an extremely huge fan of the Beatles. I suppose that would make me rather biossed in my review but here goes. Not only does this movie have great comedy, there's the music. This music is timeless and absolutely amazing! This movie touched so many people and still does now. I can't think of a movie that I've enjoyed more than this. John Lennon's wonderful comic timing comes through in this movie so much and the way that the cinematography was done makes you feel as though you're actually there with John, Paul, George, and Ringo. The movie also portrays the Beatles as separate people. It shows them as individuals that come together to make wonderful music and set the world on fire. If you buy this movie, I guarantee that you will watch it again and again just like I do!
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|I deplored this waste of a perfectly good idea on such a trashy film. Not only was it completely not funny, aside from a handful of good moments that you have already seen on the commercials and trailers, this film has nothing to offer the person coming in for the cheap laugh, or especially for the person coming for a serious gag. Between the good parts, the rest is basically just homophobic filler and will make you want to vomit if you have half an ounce of good taste. The only thing of lower quality than the movie is the DVD. What junk is this? I rented it and couldn't play it on my player on my TV, I had to go to a buddie's house to watch it, and it sucked. Where is the &quot;hillarious comedy&quot; I was promised? Watching this film made me want to hang myself
B000002LTU|5.0|Being a young guy, and becoming interested in jazz in the late 90's, I'm very impressed with this album, as it combines electronic elements, jazz and rap (which I usuallt hate, by the way). There's a lot of Miles albums I don't care of, but this is one of the best I've ever heard of. What a way to leave the stage!
B00004RKIJ|4.0|Jimmy's ethereal naturally falsetto voice is truly showcased on this album that goes from awesome classic dance tracks to slower ballads.  All with a synth, british pop feel.  A true gem from the 80s British invasion!
B000053V7Q|5.0|Since I live in Memphis and have seen the movie both in August and again in Jan 2001, I can say that the NEW DVD TTWII will be worth the price. Even though some songs will be left out due to some legal problems, the sound is Great and the extra footage at the end of the movie backstage with Elvis and Sammy Davis Jr is wonderful. (Just not long enough) A must for any Elvis fan, and collector!
B000002LR6|5.0|How would you describe this, exactly? Metal with industrial strength? Or industrial with metal guitars? That's the beauty of &quot;Psalm 69,&quot; it fuses the two genres so seemlessly, that fans of both genres (like me), have a match made in heaven. I love both &quot;The Land Of Rape &amp; Honey&quot; and &quot;The Mind Is A Terrible Thing To Taste,&quot; but for some reason, I think this is my favorite of Al's work. It's darker, heavier and louder, and for those reasons it has just a slight edge as my favorite Ministry album. Guitars are like musical chainsaws, drums hit harder than a crowbar to the head, vocals are harsh enough to satisfy Skinny Puppy fans, and the mood is just as bleak as Metallica's &quot;...And Justice For All.&quot; There's never a dull moment hear. Even the opening track, &quot;N.W.O.,&quot; starts off with guitars that seem hell-bent on destruction with its irrate buzzsaw cuts aimed at your throat. With a ripping guitar chord, samples of then-president George Bush, screams that will make your ears bleed, and an incredibly angry danceable beat, one wonders why Ministry weren't bigger than their semi-underground status in the first place. There's no time for pondering though, as the next track, &quot;Just One Fix,&quot; pummels the listener into a bloody pulp with an incredibly dark tone and one mean and ugly, powerful riff from hell (ala Slayer) that will leave you sprawled out on your floor twitching and begging for your mommy. With Gibby Haynes (of Butthole Surfers fame) on vocals, &quot;Jesus Built My Hotrod&quot; might be the coolest car song ever. While not as dark as the other songs, which might explain its college radio-hit fame, it's a blistering sonic assualt on all your senses that rages forth in a manic tempo rolling over everything in sight and never letting up. Another highlight is the title track. It's, again, dark and bleak, but just like all the other songs, it still has a fun element to it. Voice samples of &quot;Praise Jesus&quot; and a choir lead the way to a chorus that thrashes and bashes like you wouldn't believe; it's too bad Sunday church congregation wasn't this much fun in real life, or I might actually go. The instrumental &quot;Corrosion&quot; is like a tank--ready for war, sirens going off all around, destroying everything in sight, and leaving a path of destruction and mayhem with its sonic wrath--absolutely wonderful. Thrash-dance at its absolute finest, I say. Of course, &quot;Psalm 69&quot; as a whole is amazing. Every second is powerful and filled with visceral wrath waiting to explode at anyone or anything at the touch of the play button. Samples are brilliantly placed all over the chaotic industrial vocals and production, drums make you wanna dance and put your foot in the wall all at the same time, and guitars rip and shred like Filter and Spineshank can only dream of. &quot;Psalm 69&quot; is, like good techno, perfect--never a dull moment; never an out of place instrument, sample, or vocal; and you can never get enough of this stuff. This is exactly what the Terminator called for--a cold, heartless killing machine that only stops to reload before blowing you and everything within four miles up (which is exactly what you'd feel like if you turn this up loud enough). Forget Static-X, Spineshank, Marilyn Manson and Apartment 26--this is the real deal when it comes to industrial-metal, and it will never be topped. If you're into industrial or metal, or anything remotly close to it, for that matter, you need &quot;Psalm 69.&quot; Gauranteed headache with every song. And in this case, that's a good thing.
B00004Z459|1.0|When I heard the song &quot;One Step Closer&quot; I immediately thought of how pathetic this band really was.  They are trying to copy the sound of Limp Bizkit and doing it very poorly.  The lead singer tries to pull off the high-pitched screaming/rapping that is signature Fred Durst, and fails miserably.  Limp gets in verses around the middles of their sings that have some sort of screaming (&quot;Get the f*** up!  DJ Lethal, bring it on!) in the middle with heavy metal in the background and the sounds of DJ Lethal.  Linkin Park attempt to do the same with  &quot;Shut up when I'm talkin to you&quot;.  This could be the most pathetic rock rap attempt I have heard since Vanilla Ice's &quot;Hard To Swallow&quot; in '98.
0875847706|5.0|Wow. This book is amazing- one that I will read many more times as a reminder of how to approach each day. I wish it were required reading for everyone... family, friends, world leaders...
B00003W8NO|5.0|Disney did a remarkable job bringing this movie to life for all generations to come. I have five children ages 8 to 7 months, and we all enjoy watching this movie every week. The story is original and touches the very soul of those who still have an imagination. Not only is the computer graphics terrific, but the very illusion that the characters seem alive. It's a wonderful movie.
B000051VWW|5.0|Sade is a true original again. This whole album just hits that mellow groove so synonymous with their earlier work. The cut &quot;Somebody already broke my heart&quot; is so sultry and sexy it alone justifies buying the C.D.  If you want soft background music for a special dinner party or hip office tunes, &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; fills the spot nicely.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This is a really good album. Most of the songs seem to have a central theme where she has just lost her lover, but each song is pretty unique.  I think the best songs on the disc are cut 1. Here with me, 2. All you want, and 3. Thank you.  Listen to it all the way through though, it sounds even better than playing the tracks out of sequence
B00003CXE7|5.0|Ok ya, Gladiator is a great movie... Acting, Scenery the works... but to all of u Russell Crowe fans who have been lookin for The Sum of Us cheap... email me: mo0nlighting@home.com Buy it for $15 instead of $59.99
B0000508U6|5.0|this album is just amazing. the thoughts that are expressed on this cd are just amazing.  so true in life, and the metaphores used fit perfectly.  never have i heard an album this good.
0525945636|4.0|If you like Ken Follett's spy thrillers you won't be too disappointed.  I loved his historical novels and just started in on these cold war stories.  The thing that shocked me was the inattention to detail and almost consistent misrepresentation of historical facts.  I felt like his historical books were great fiction set against solid research.  Now I'll have to go back and check.  In this book, he made small mistakes, like portraying Huntsville, AL in the Eastern time zone instead of Central. Maybe that helped the story since the action kept moving from Huntsville to Washington DC and Florida during the countdown.   But he also had Neil Armstrong walking on the moon in 1968 instead of 1969.  What was the point of that?  So I went onto the web and looked up several items that he talked about in the foundation of the story.  Turns out that Mr. Follett may have intentionally changed a bunch of things, but I never figured out the purpose of the misrepresentations.  If you like his historical notes at the beginning of the chapter, don't believe them.  Go to [...] to get a nice summary of the reality.  Otherwise, the book is certainly worth the price.  I couldn't put it down.  It is just fiction, after all.
B00000G6KG|5.0|when i first got this album years ago, i was blown away. every song is incredibly fast. this is probably one the shortest lp's ever. well without the bonus tracks. it's only a 28 minute lp. this album is pure mayhem at it's best. any real thrash fan has this album.
B000000WZ4|4.0|It seems after all these years, DM is finally comfortable.  That is what this CD conveys.  There aren't many tracks that would pack a club floor.  The mix is phat but minimal, almost stark.  The campiness is gone.  They have progressed from the old school analog synths, to more rich, complex, and deep sounds and percussion, fusing it all together with soothing vocals and harmonies.  Growth.  Experience.  Life.  These are the ingredients of Ultra.<br />My favorites:  &quot;Barrel Of A Gun&quot;/&quot;The Love Thieves&quot;/&quot;Home&quot;/&quot;It's No Good&quot;/&quot;Useless&quot;/&quot;Sister Of Night&quot;/&quot;The Bottom Line&quot;/&quot;Insight.&quot;<br />Other cool bands:  De/Vision, Distain!, Agnes Poetry, Iris.
B000002H97|3.0|THIS IS THE FIRST SELLOUT ALBUM. SOME OF IT KICKS ASS, BUT IT IS TOO COMERCIAL. CHECK OUT THE SONG OF WOLF AND MAN. FOR THE MOST PART THIS ALBUM IS PRETTY AVERAGE. DON'T BOTHER WITH ONE. A TRUE METALLICA FAN WILL NOT LIKE IT MUCH. THE FIRST FOUR ALBUMS ARE THE WAY TO GO.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|If you're just getting into the Beatles, this album is a good introduction. But once you become a big fan, you'll want to add all the Beatles' albums. It still has a purpose for long-time Beatles fans, because there will be times when you just want to hear all these hits at once. But there's just too much missing to have only this album. There is absolutely nothing from Rubber Soul, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, and the White Album. Abbey Road is weakly represented, with greats like &quot;Here Comes The Sun&quot; left off. But the sound on the 1 album is great, and you can still hear the chronology of how the Beatles evolved into their psychedelic phase. Songs like &quot;She Loves You&quot; remain among the Beatles most charming songs, despite what some say about their later recordings being superior.
B000002H6C|5.0|BLACKENED STARTS THE ALBUM WITH PURE SPEED AND AGGRESSION. IN BETWEEN IS MORE OF THIS. SOME SONGS ARE SLOW,BUT THE ALBUM IS HEAVY THROUGHOUT.DYERS EVE IS THE BEST SONG THEY EVER WROTE. I GIVE THIS ONE TWO THUMBS UP.
B00004TH83|5.0|To be honest, there really wasn't much hype over Lara Fabian's English debut release, nor is there a lot of publicity at the present time. If you have heard of Lara Fabian and you aren't from Europe or Canada, you're one of the few. This is unfortunate, because Lara and her album have so much to offer.<br />   The CD enters with &quot;Adagio&quot;, modern lyrics set to a classic 18th century ballad by the composer, Albinoni. What many are calling the highlight of the album, &quot;Adagio&quot; is probably the most hard-hitting song on the album, with vocals strong and high enough to scare off even Celine. Ballads like this are in abundance, and include &quot;To Love Again&quot;, an English version of a previously released French track, and &quot;Love By Grace&quot;, a song originally released for Wynonna Judd, but remastered and set to a different melody and orchestra and is a highlight on the album. &quot;Part of Me&quot; is very subtle, with a hint of saxophone blended in while &quot;Broken Vow&quot; features the music of a 100 piece orchestra and a piano background. &quot;You're Not From Here&quot;, is a haunting ballad that is somewhat mysterious but get's its point across in the most dramatic way.<br />  Up-tempos include the self-empowering &quot;I Am Who I Am&quot;, and &quot;Till I Get Over You&quot;, produced by Sam Watters and Louis Biancanello, and of course, &quot;I Will Love Again&quot;, a song that you will either love or hate. Mid Tempos also present are &quot;Yeliel (My Angel)&quot;, &quot;You Are My Heart&quot;, convincing lyrics set to adult-contempo/pop music, and &quot;Giving Up On You&quot;, yet another song that shows Fabian's versatility.<br />  The whole album is really of a mixed genre. There is R&amp;B, pop, rock, classical, and adult contemporary. The ballads are stunning, featuring Lara Fabian's signature vocals, what many have called a blend of Streisand and the ever-familiar CelineDion. Her voice is quite wide in range, and she proves that well in the album as she scales upwards on most of her tracks. The lyrics are about 90% of Fabian's own work, which is very impressive because these songs have an actual deep meaning to them. The songs are delivered with a true and sincere honesty, the vocals are pushed to their limit, although sometimes too far, and the music itself is good quality and surprisingly original, which makes &quot;Lara Fabian&quot;, a refreshingly smart album for the music lover.
B000002H33|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS DEFINETLY WORTH THE MONEY. IF YOU ARE A FAN OF THE NEW CRAP, YOU WON'T BE ABLE TO HANDLE THE AGGRESSION. THE FIRST SONG BATTERY STARTS OUT SLOW, BUT TURNS INTO AN ASS KICKING, FULL THROTTLE ASSAULT. THEN COMES THE TITLE TRACK. THIS SONG IS A COMPLETE MASTERPIECE. THINGS BEGIN TO SLOW DOWN A BIT ON THE THING THAT SHOULD NOT BE, BUT THAT IS OK. THIS IS THE HEAVIEST SONG ON THE ALBUM. WELCOME HOME STARTS OUT AS A BALLAD. YOU MIGHT THINK TO YOURSELF WHAT THE F--K IS THIS. DON'T WORRY, IT KICKS ASS. DISPOSABLE HEROES IS ANOTHER BRUTAL SPEED/THRASH TUNE THAT MAKES YOU WANT TO BANG YOUR HEAD AGAINST THE WALL. NEWER FANS WILL NOT LIKE THIS ONE DUE TO ITS SPEED AND AGGRESSION. NEXT UP IS LEPER MESSIAH. SIMILAR TO THE THING THAT SHOULD NOT BE, THIS IS A SLOWER SONG FOR THE MOST PART, BUT IS HEAVY AS HELL. THE NEXT SONG ORION IS AN AMAZING SONG. IT'S KIND OF AROLLER COASTER RIDE. FINALLY, THERE IS DAMAGE INC. THIS IS WHAT I BELIEVE IS ONE OF THE TOP 5 SONGS EVER WRITTEN BY METALLICA. IT IS ONE OF THE FASTEST SONGS EVER WRITTEN. DON'T BE FOOLED BY THE SLOW INTRO. THIS SONG AND THE ENTIRE ALBUM IS A CLASSIC FOR ANY INSANE METALHEAD LIKE MYSELF.
B00003CWTI|1.0|This movie really insults the intelligence. I guess PT Andersen doesnt really think you can get his art so he hits you over the head relentlessly - Oh the emotion! You know this is a deep movie because people are screaming and cursing all over the place. The emotional high point is the group sing along (Aimee Mann shouldnt take any blame for this) - where you start laughing and you realize that it wasnt supposed to be funny. And a 2 Disc DVD release....Ah..the pretentiousness!
B000002HMH|1.0|DON'T WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY. BUY THEIR PRE SELLOUT ALBUMS, KILL EM ALL, RIDE THE LIGHTNING, MASTER OF PUPPETS, AND AND JUSTICE FOR ALL.
6305807086|5.0|and Original. How long has it been since you watched a film where you honestly couldnt guess what was going to happen next? This is such a film - it doesnt ask you to suspend belief..it just makes it happen like great movies do. John Cusack, Cameron Diaz, Catherine Keener and of course John Malkovich give great performances. By far the best film i have seen in a long, long time.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Although I am a 13 year old girl, and have not had many of the narrators problems.... i understand the point this movie makes. Material possesions....you think you own them, but they own you. Tyler's wisdom is freakishly true. Fight Club, the name of the movie, doesn't even really describe the movie. This movie is not about fighting, there may be some, but that's not the main point. Hitting rock bottom, that should be the title. Forgetting about sh** you buy, and find out what's really important, pain does not matter, it's not even real.  The point of this movie is to help see yourself as you are, not how you'd like to be. Ed Norton (narrator) has to find this out for himself, and he realizes this when he meets Tyler Durdin (Brad Pitt). Tyler is free, in every way a person can be, and he teaches the narrator to let go and believe nothing, and know nothing. That is the true meaning of the story. Tyler has different ways to show his understanding of life than any other person. By destroying material possesions, names, and even questions, everyone becomes the same, and there is no war or depression. In this movie there are several times when Tyler himself tells this to you, quotes and confrontations are presented. If you watch close enough and pay attention you might actually become Ed Nortons' character. That is how down to earth and real this movie is. How one psycho person can change everything with a sense of truth. Watch the movie, and you will soon understand the point of &quot;FIGHT CLUB&quot;!
B000002PH1|5.0|Because it certainly deserves this. While I too would have liked &quot;Mad about you&quot; on this album, this does not detract from the quality of the work. I got this album when I was a preteen, and it still has undisputable staying power. My parents got this for me during one birthday, and I have played it so much that the tape is begining to wear thin in places.<br />Even though my tastes run towards rock and punk, I absolutely love this ex-Go-Go's work and am always perked up by her airal and etherial voice. The vocals are far more mature than  1980's Maddona, and yet, they are not totally lost on somebody who is a preteen or even teenager. I really can't highlight a single track, because the music is all good, but my favirotes of favirotes would have to be &quot;Heaven on Earth&quot;, &quot; Should I let you in&quot; and &quot;I feel Free&quot;. This is one talented woman who clearly has lots of attitude and places it into her work .<br />I also liked the fact that her beauty lay in the comparative simplicity of dress and makeup. While she is really dressed up in the cover art by today's standards, she looked really natural in the glam 1980s.
B000051ZST|4.0|This is one of the best &quot;teen&quot; movies out there.  In addition to Porky's, Animal House, American Pie, Sixteen Candles, etc., this movie proves its worth in the long run.  Many may perhaps consider the plot lacking or immature.  Not true.  The plot is simplified, but what teen movie isn't?  The key to this movie's success is its subplots and intertwining timing.  The director provides the movie with great pacing and a wonderful sense of timing for scenes and jokes.  Tom Green's character is great for a change of pace and his scenes with the snake is NOT to slow the movie, but to provide the essential subplot.     Road Trip is so entertaining that there is no lost moment.  All the scenes are vital to the movement of the plot.  And there are enough scene changes and storyplot twists that keep the audience interested.  The director and screenwriter did a fantastic job. Why buy this movie?  This is a great movie to watch whenver you're bored.  The DVD version has nothing special, but I believe you are paying extra for the picture quality, not the added nudity scenes.  Plus, this movie was produced with 15 million and made over 70 million in the theatres.  That's pretty impressive considering the lack of star power, lack of advertising, and Zero overseas gross.  No special effects, no overuse of foul language and pretty much no expectations to do well whatsoever.  But it DID gross nearly quadruple it's investment.   This movie will prove to be a classic down the road.  We need more movies with great pacing and great subplots like this.  If you like Ferris Bueller and other classic teen comedies, you'll love this one as well.
6305750750|2.0|Now that we've gotten two bad &quot;Star Wars&quot; movies in a row, does that mean the anticipation for the SW2 will be a little less insane?<br />I didn't think so.<br />Singing Ewoks, crappy production values, bad writing and an embarassing plot didn't sink &quot;Return of the Jedi&quot; -- and there are adults who say, with a straight face, that they actually enjoyed it -- so I guess it's no surprise that TPM has its defenders, too.<br />To be fair, it's not awful in the way that, say, &quot;Deep Blue Sea,&quot; &quot;Instinct&quot; or &quot;Highlander 2&quot; are awful. It's just not very good.<br />It does have nice production values, and you can see the money on the screen. The beautiful costumes and sets, amazing CGI graphics, spectacular jedi battles and even the sort of pointless space combat are all done extremely well and hold up as the best parts of the movie.<br />But then there's the writing. Is George Lucas surrounded by people incapable of telling him no? Where was the outcry when he gave us simpering Asian stereotypes as evil stooges of the future Emperor? Where was the outcy over Jar-Jar Binks? Where was the outcry over Anakin's immaculate conception? Where was the outcry over the idea that being a good manipulator of the Force depends on bacteria in your bloodstream? Honestly, the writing end of TPM is like bad fan fiction.<br />The worst part is that it was all salvageable. The quasi-Asian aliens could lose the accents and be more or less fine. Jar-Jar Binks could have used the same and NOT opened the cart at the end by accident. Dump the crap about immaculate conception entirely and say Annakin's father has been dead, presumed missing, since his mother was pregnant. And cut the midichlorians discussion on the balcony.<br />Boom. Right there, another star for the movie, just by cutting out the worst stuff. It still wouldn't measure up to the first two movies -- they had actual good stuff in them, instead of just an absence of bad stuff -- but TPM wouldn't have been a real stain on Lucas' record. With &quot;The Phantom Menace,&quot; he's provided critics with ammunition for decades to come, who are already deriding him as a terrible screenwriter, stiff director and an auteur who put his ego ahead of his story.<br />And that's a shame. The promise of the first two films increasingly seems like it was a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away.M wouldn't have been a real stain on Lucas' record. With &quot;The Phantom Menace,&quot; he's provided critics with ammunition for decades to come, who are already deriding him as a terrible screenwriter, stiff director and an auteur who put his ego ahead of his story.<br />And that's a shame. The promise of the first two films increasingly seems like it was a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away.
B00004WG28|5.0|Rarely has a show touched me as this one did.  It's beauty and power took my breath away.  A must see for the whole family.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Interesting to see how many reviews you have from folks under 30.  The Beatles, of course, are timeless, so it should be no surprise that they are &quot;discovered&quot; over and over again.  As the owner of all of their albums (on vinyl; I do have Abbey Road on CD as well, however), I claim a kind of bias, having grown up with every one of these songs pretty much always playing in the background.  A couple of reviewers hit the proverbial nail on the head:  it's the songwriting that endures and enchants ever newer audiences, and always will (of course, the execution works well, too!).  Yeah, we loved the Stones and the Who, even somewhat lesser lights like the Animals and the Dave Clark Five (anyone remember Gerry &amp; The Pacemakers?) in the early days of the &quot;British Invasion,&quot; but each succeeding album by the Beatles was anxiously awaited and played to oblivion as soon as acquired (you do know that music was once accessed by means of spinning a hydrocarbon-based &quot;LP&quot; on a turntable, using a diamond needle pickup?). In the spirit of mentioning a couple of songs that could/should have made it onto any compilation that lays claim to be No. 1, at least as far as frequency played, you could do worse than Lennon's incredibly powerful vocal on &quot;Twist &amp; Shout&quot; (early primal scream therapy?), and where is &quot;Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds&quot;?  Per other reviewers' suggestions, get the so-called red and blue albums (CD's) for a more complete set of top Beatles' songs; own the White Album and Abbey Road, and probably Revolver, Rubber Soul and Sergeant Pepper's, too; play the songs around your kids (now or when you have them), though they're sure to hear a great deal of Beatles' music, regardless; enjoy!
0140288503|5.0|I never knew we were in such heavy action in Somalia.  I've read this book three times and each time I'm amazed at how the US forces were involved in this 48 hours of hell.  I'm equally shocked at the reality of life in Somalia, what most people thought we were doing there and the reality of what was happening.
0684874350|5.0|WOW! That just about sums it up. This book was incredible, everyone should read it.
B000051VWW|5.0|Normally I am do not listen to r&amp;b but &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; is an exception. Sade has an incredibly beautiful voice that has just captivated me. The only other song by Sade I am familiar with is &quot;Smooth Operator&quot; but that was many moons ago. Out of curiousity I picked up this cd and much to my surprise I enjoyed it. Sade's voice has a calming affect and soothes the soul. Just an amazing album that was well worth the wait for the general public.
6305807086|3.0|I wish I could give this movie both five stars and one star.  On one hand, I love the world the movie sets up-- artsy puppeteers compete for public adoration (a sixty-foot Emily Dickinson puppet makes news, but a miniature Abelard and Heloise is relegated to street-corner performance); the idea of a portal into Malkovich's brain seems only mildly strange, and it is quickly turned into a run-of-the-mill commercial scheme.<br />At the same time, I think the writers got a little light-headed with their own ideas.  There are too many cornball jokes, lines or ideas that don't fit.  The whole plot about the old man achieving eternal life was too convoluted and wholly boring.  And worst of all, as has been said in many reviews, none of the characters are sympathetic.  (Cusack's character begins on a sympathetic note but turns out to be as flat as everyone else.)<br />If you haven't seen this, and you're at all curious, I recommend seeing it.  It's worth the rental.  However, don't expect it to be the film that will change the way you look at film, or at anything, for that matter.
B00004STPT|5.0|Hans Zimmer is indeed a true master composer, as evidenced in the soundtrack for Gladiator.  Now We Are Free is the highlight of the CD, taking one on a journey of magnificent proportions with Lisa Gerrard's stunning voice.  Perfectly capturing the spirit of the movie, the soundtrack moves from light, airy music, as in Progeny, to dark, blasting music in The Battle, one of the best instrumental portions.  This is the best soundtrack I have ever listened to.  If you purchase this , which I would strongly advise, prepare to be blown away.
B000002TQV|5.0|This is definitely the best Radiohead cd, even though the others are good also.  It's best to listen to it at once, as one song flows to another.  The first time I heard it, I just listen a few seconds of each song and thought nothing of it, but later when I heard it at once, it blew me away.  Thom Yorks singing is tremendous and the song writing skills are worth an A+.  Not too many bands can write as many good songs as Radiohead on one album.  Definitely a must have.
6304708491|3.0|Die hard fans of the Beathes will be the ones interested on this movie. But most Beatles fans never find out anything wrong with their work. Well, if we are honest, we will notice that Lennon's music sometimes sucks (Revolution #9) and that most of their records are not perfect (come on, you hate those experiments by George with Indian music).<br />In other words, when the Beatles are good, they are excellent (95% of the time), but when they are bad, it is ugly (5%).<br />I think &quot;Help!' falls in the five percent. The movie is about cult members and scientists trying to get a ring out of Ringo's finger. You think this will go for about 10 minutes, but too late you find out that's all what the movie is about.<br />I give three stars to the movie only because of the music. However, the songs are pushed within the film, as they are not related to the plot. At one moment, they are playing with snow while singing &quot;Ticket to Ride&quot;. This comes out of nowhere.<br />Anyway, the movie is not good, but it is an opportunity to see the Beatles, together, and in witty behavior. Now, that is something that a fan will appreciate, even in a stupid movie as this one.
B00003CXBK|4.0|This is the first anime movie ive ever watched and it was cool.  i'm 13 and the only reason i rented this movie is because one of my cousins said it was good so i gave it a rent and i liked it.  This is not the best movie ever made though!  It's pretty gory actually I was surprised i have been able to watch pg-13 movies since i was like 7 and R since i was 10 so i wasn't like shocked or anything but for a cartoon it was quite violent.  The thing i liked best about the movie was the fact that there was no clear villian i mean yeah that one lady whatever but not really i mean she had her reasons. Rent the movie i bet u will like it regardless of your age.
B00000JCOV|5.0|When I purchased this ablum I was expecting Korn,Godsmack,Limp Bizkit or any other alternative metal band. I was completely shocked with this Cd. Slipknot is not a terrible sold out new metal band, they are in the same league as Slayer, Sepultura, Fear Factory and any other DEATH METAL/THRASH METAL band. This is the heaviest ablum out there, from the first track to the last. (SIC) being the heaviest song I've ever heard is the best track on the CD, pure crazy, nasty and super heavy death metal. The vocals, drums, bass, and guitars all add up to the heaviest sound around. I would compare Slipknot to Fear Factory, Mudvayne, and Sepultura, with a little more speed and hate. I recommend this cd for anyone looking for something beyond the stupid  metal music today.
B000002JSR|4.0|As a collection of songs, CODA has some great tracks.  The version of &quot;I Can't Quit You Baby&quot; is astonishing.  &quot;Poor Tom&quot; and &quot;Darlene&quot; are also both worth having.  &quot;We're Gonna Groove&quot; is alright-it has some nice effects by Page.  &quot;Walter's Walk&quot; has a nice groove itself, and &quot;Ozone Baby&quot; is an average but catchy song.  &quot;Wearing and Tearing&quot; is a bad attempt at punk and Bonham's skills are more entertainingly exhibited on &quot;Moby Dick&quot; than on &quot;Bonzo's Montreux.&quot;  If you buy every other Zep album and like them, buy this.  GET THIS LAST.
B000002UDG|3.0|I must admit, in listening to this album, I was disappointed in Paul's choices for his &quot;greatest hits&quot;. Out of these 17 songs, only about half of them are worthy of being considered for a greatest hits album.    Many of Paul's best solo songs were left off this album, such as &quot;Maybe I'm Amazed&quot;, &quot;Too Many People&quot;, &quot;The Back Seat of My Car&quot;, &quot;Big Barn Bed&quot;, &quot;Mull Of Kintyre&quot;, &quot;Hi Hi Hi&quot;, &quot;Helen Wheels&quot;, and &quot;Give Ireland Back To The Irish&quot;. Had Paul honestly picked his best songs, the album would have turned out like this:<br />1. Maybe I'm Amazed 2. Too Many People 3. The Back Seat Of My Car 4. Give Ireland Back To The Irish 5. C-Moon 6. My Love 7. Big Barn Bed 8. Live And Let Die 9. Jet 10. Band On The Run 11. Venus And Mars/Rock Show 12. Junior's Farm 13. Mull Of Kintyre 14. With A Little Luck<br />  That's what &quot;All The Best&quot; should consist of!!!
014028009X|5.0|Bridget Jones's diary was funny enough to read three times running and my pleasure in this book was shared with a number of female friends. Men do not appear to understand the humour, which is hardly surprising as it deals largely with the female psyche and response to life and relationship issues. Bridget is a somewhat exaggerated character, but this device works to entertain women by presenting an extreme version of some of their own foibles. A source of particular amusement and pleasure for me were the plot parallels with Jane Austin's Pride and Prejudice. Never so obvious as to be irritating, the parallels are none the less obvious enough that they are not to be taken seriously but simply enjoyed. Bridget Jones's Diary is not LIKE Jane Austin's books, but it has a similar scope. That is, it deals with the social interactions between people, with relationships, and with the petty social discourse that is yet so crucially important to our lives.
B00003CWN3|1.0|Bought it, watched it, threw it in the trash.
B000002JSP|4.0|This is a strange and otherwise un-Zeppelin album.  It has its moments however, notably on &quot;In the Evening&quot; which starts out with Page bowing his guitar like on &quot;Dazed and Confused.&quot;  &quot;South Bound Saurez&quot; has some good guitar work and is somewhat catchy yet doesn't really live up to the band's level.  &quot;Fool in the Rain&quot; and &quot;All of My Love&quot; are both good songs, but like &quot;South Bound Saurez,&quot; they are missing something.  &quot;All of My Love&quot; also features an odd synthesizer solo which sounds just plain bad.  &quot;I'm Gonna Crawl&quot; is the closing track and is a good blues song ruined by synthesizers.  &quot;Hot Dog&quot; is very poor, as Zep takes a saucy stab at Southern boogie-rock-on a 7 track album they really don't have room for that kind of crap.  Carouselambra fails to be the epic it is supposed to be.  If you really like Zep (with a touch of Duran Duran?) this is a sure buy.
B00004XQ83|5.0|Others have so eloquently described the great music on this CD that I won't do anything more than agree and say &quot;buy it!&quot; But I also want to give a suggestion: if you like the music in &quot;O Brother,&quot; then jump over to Amazon's page to order Tom Roznowski's &quot;A Well Traveled Porch.&quot; You'll enjoy the same folksy integrity and artistry. Although a contemporary artist, Roznowski  would have felt right at home in the time (or in the soundtrack) of &quot;O Brother.&quot;
6304383177|5.0|I watched this on tv a day ago and I couldn't stop smiling.  Classic movies are the greatest.  Being 16 I did not think I'd like this but I liked it more than many other movies.  Katherine Hepburn and Cary Grant are greats of the art of acting.  I say again: This is a must see for comedy fans.  It's sex and language free so watch with everyone and your own baby leopard if you have one.
0812550706|5.0|I'm not much of a sci-fi reader; when I do delve into the genre, it's usually into cyberpunk type stuff.  That said, after all the praise I'd seen heaped upon &quot;Ender's Game,&quot; I figured I'd give it a go... And thank the Hegemon I did!  (You'll find out what the Hegemon is in the book.)<br />The book is set in a future society where human beings live in constant fear of being invaded by the Buggers, who in a previous invasion nearly wiped out humanity forever if it hadn't been for the skilled Mazer Rackham.  Years later, the government has taken to breeding children and monitoring them to see which ones have potential as military leaders and pilots; those who fit the bill get shipped off to Battle School.  Ender is one of these prodigies, but it quickly becomes apparant that he's not like the others.  He advances quickly through the grades and learns even quicker how to take care of himself as he's put through hell at the hands of both his jealous schoolmates and the government officers (portrayed at the beginning of each chapter in a very cold dialogue, adding a &quot;big brother&quot; feeling to Ender's situation) who wish to test him to his very limits.<br />Much of the novel is spent showing Ender performing in the Battle School.  The game they play is a fascinating one, sort of a futuristic, zero gravity laser tag game.  Watching Ender as he plays the game is fascinating and exciting and exhilirating.  It's narrative action at its best and in and of itself makes the book a pleasant read.  But where &quot;Ender's Game&quot; really impresses is in its portrayal of society and in Ender's internal struggle with his desire for peace and kindness, but his talent for violence.  There is a much celebrated ending that really twists the entire novel around on its head in a fascinating and shocking way.  The concluding chapter is a beautiful and compelling one which paves way perfectly for the books in the series to follow.<br />While &quot;Ender's Game&quot; sticks pretty consistantly to Ender's story as he progresses through his military schooling, there is a side story that arises concerning Ender's brother and sister.  The side story is a pretty interesting one: they become anonymous political activists when they're adolescents!  Nonetheless, it feels a little bit tacked on in the midst of the book, and while it does wrap up pretty nicely by the end of the novel, the side story seems more important to the series of Ender books as a whole, rather than just a well developed subplot in this self-contained novel.  Nonetheless, I can only wholeheartedly recommend &quot;Ender's Game&quot; to anybody interested in reading something very, very good.ks pretty consistantly to Ender's story as he progresses through his military schooling, there is a side story that arises concerning Ender's brother and sister.  The side story is a pretty interesting one: they become anonymous political activists when they're adolescents!  Nonetheless, it feels a little bit tacked on in the midst of the book, and while it does wrap up pretty nicely by the end of the novel, the side story seems more important to the series of Ender books as a whole, rather than just a well developed subplot in this self-contained novel.  Nonetheless, I can only wholeheartedly recommend &quot;Ender's Game&quot; to anybody interested in reading something very, very good.
B0000026UL|2.0|I'm sorry to say it but this album just isn't up to Dylan par. With the exception of Ring Them Bells, there isn't a truly good song on the CD. Its very forced sounding and the writing is really gimmicky, as if Dylan doesn't actually have much to say so he tries to go back in time with &quot;Political World&quot; and &quot;Disease of Conceit&quot;, but they just come off sounding phony. If you're a true Dylan fan, buy this album just to have it, but otherwise, you could do better with something from the 60's or 70's.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is one of the best CD's that I have purchased in a long time.  I love it!  Definitely recommend this CD!
0380788624|4.0|Someone told me Neal Stephenson is working on a sequel to Cryptonomicron.  You can bet I'll be checking it out.  I've only read one other novel as educational as this one, Umberto Eco's _Foucault's Pendulum_, but the difference here is that Neal Stephenson's writing is never obfuscated by pompous writing.  Although the writing contains jargon and highly technical terminology, not to mention mathematical formulae I personally do not understand, the book is fascinating, easy to follow, and absolutely full of story!<br />Although the book is crammed with programmer/mathematician speak, Neal Stephenson is a strong enough writer to keep readers with nontechnical backgrounds engrossed.  There are numerous story lines in this enormous tome, but they can be broken down into two timelines:  WWII and the present.  Personally, I found the 1940s stories more interesting, but watching the past unfold into the present provides its own charm.  Stephenson's depictions of wartime atrocities and torpedoed ships are among some of the most powerful I've ever read.<br />The chapter in which Goto Dengo's ship is destroyed by a skipping torpedo is written with astounding clarity.  As I read it, I was able to visualize everything, the oil-coated ocean, the columns of flame, and the thrashing survivors trying to escape flames, sharks, and strafing bullets.  Why haven't there been any movies about this sort of thing?  It's a sorely neglected theme in war movies.  Many people died in shark attacks after their boats were torpedoed, yet this hasn't become part of the public conscious.<br />Cryptonomicron is about more than just wartime misadventures and cryptography, of course.  Any book this long needs to ramble thematically.  It's also about computer hacking, deep sea diving, sex, heirloom furniture, the death penalty, genocide, classical Greek mythology, haiku, the creative process, and ways in which various countries treat drug dealing.<br />Cryptonomicron both educates and entertains.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|A punishing blow to the cobwebs in one's mind.<br />Synchronizing, harmonizing, stimulating nerves of energy are reeling from this ongoing aural pleasure machine.<br />I missed the tour! That sucks! Come back around!!!
6304056958|5.0|I found this movie totally by accident late one night.  It was just before Christmas and being exhausted by all the &quot;to-do&quot; that this time of year brings, I was VERY surprised that I was just as wide awake at the end of the film as at the beginning of it!  This is the BEST movie I've seen in a very long time.  Most of the stuff that's cranked out now just isn't worth the time or the expense of a ticket.  &quot;The Women&quot; was something I just couldn't tear myself away from.  I'm very glad that it's available on video tape because this is one movie I'll watch again (and again!).
006016848X|5.0|This book is one of most interesting and useful books I gave read .It is a must read for all the men and women of this world about to enter into a relationship , or those who want to make their relationship trouble free and smooth.<br />Those men who have found women baffling,unpredictable,ununderstandable, and those women who have found men moody, unresponsive, insensitive and selfish....can very well appreciate this book and find solutions.<br />It has come as a revelation to me that though men and women use the same language,same words and same sentences...but what they say and what they mean is very different!<br />There is so much of difference between men and women in their thinking styles,approach,communications and articulation that as if these two species are from two different planets!That's the reason for the title which is very apt albeit exaggerated, but you appreciate it once you understand the underlying theme of the book.  Through innumerable and examples and mock dialogues (which sometimes look repetitive and monotonous), the author has explained very lucidly what men say,what they convey, what they want to say, and what a women makes makes out of it in her own perspective. Similarly there are examples of communications of women with men, and how men interpret the same.<br />All in all, this is an excellent and useful book that can help men and women understand each other better,overcome communication barriers,modify behavioural traits...and ultimately achieve a better understanding of each others perspective towards a peaceful,harmonious and meaningful relationship.<br />Ever since I have read the book, I have started using the techniques, and believe me it works!
0790733226|5.0|From the first time I saw this movie I loved it.  Since then I've seen it every chance I get.  It really makes you think.  Are we alone?  What are we doing here?  Even if you don't like science fiction, you'll love this movie.  There are so many religious and creational themes here.  I love this movie!  It's so great!  Also, if you like the movie, you'll LOVE the book.  Buy it too!
6304056958|5.0|I found this movie totally by accident late one night.  It was just before Christmas and being exhausted by all the &quot;to-do&quot; that this time of year brings, I was VERY surprised that I was just as wide awake at the end of the film as at the beginning of it!  This is the BEST movie I've seen in a very long time.  Most of the stuff that's cranked out now just isn't worth the time or the expense of a ticket.  &quot;The Women&quot; was something I just couldn't tear myself away from.  I'm very glad that it's available on video tape because this is one movie I'll watch again (and again!).
0783235607|5.0|I have seen this film a number of times, and I think that the closing shot of Anthony Perkins smiling like the little momma's boy that he was during the film, is one of the scariest moments in film history. When my brother and I finished watching the movie, he was scared out of his pants. I think that PSYCHO has been put into the horror category because of its ability to keep you scared all through the night, and especially when you are taking a shower (HINT HINT). Although many people were frightened when they saw the film when it originally was released, you have to remember that this film was released when people were scared easily. I think that one of the main reasons that a couple is renting PSYCHO is because they know that Janet Leigh dies while taking a shower. But in 1960, it was absurd to kill off the main character in the first half of the film.  NOTE: When you see this film, don't expect to get scared from watching the film, but expect to be afraid after you finish watching the film. A few little factoids about this particular picture: one is that since Paramount didn't want to finance the picture, Hitchcock offered the budjet himself. The eventual cost of the picture was eight hundred thousand dollars, where in that time, a film's usual budjet was over a million dollars. Since Paramount thought the film was a little too risky, Universal let Hitchcock shoot the picture on the Universal back lot. Although the film is said to be a &quot;Paramount Picture&quot;, the only reason that it is not credited to Universal is because PSYCHO was intended as a Paramount movie because Hitchcock was fulfilling his contract to Paramount and he distributed the movie as a Paramount feature. But today Universal owns all the rights to the Hitchcock films from 1955 to his last film, FAMILY PLOT. Another little fact is that the film is based on the killings of Ed Gein, a Wisconsin native.
B00004Z400|4.0|This is a good album. My favorites are the slower songs, Digital Bath, Teenager, Changes. In these songs Chino's voice give off this synthetic warmth that just makes me wish there were a whole album of slow deftones ballads. Not that the faster songs are bad by any means. Feiteciera(sp?) is an amazing song, ditto for knife prty. Only song  i really dislike is elite, way too loud, almost unlistenable. It's pretty much four minutes of wall to wall guitar noise and distorted screaming. <br />But yeah, it's a good album. Word is Chino is working on a side project of ambient-type music, hope that's true. it would seriously make my year...
B000002B35|5.0|Almost all of the songs on this CD are better than the original studio recordings.  I have never heard a live recording of a concert that was so good.  I'm usually one who dislikes live recordings (since they are so darn BAD, I don't care how famous the band), but this CD is so good that now I can't even listen the studio versions of these songs.  The instrumental part of &quot;Shine on you crazy diamond&quot; is absolutely incredible, and the lead guitar break on &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; gets my vote for the best lead break ever recorded (and it's live!).  I would say that David Gilmour is the least appreciated guitar player of the rock era.<br />If I could only have one rock CD, and never hear any other rock music ever, this would be the one I chose to have.<br />If our society lasts another thousand years, I think that most rock music will be forgotten, but this CD will be one of the few bits that are remembered.<br />On a final note, I wasn't even a Pink Floyd fan until I got this CD.
0784011796|5.0|pi is probably the most original and thought-provoking movies i've ever seen.  it is an incredible viewing experience to say the least.  it has some of the most incredible camerawork and visual effects (without a hollywood budget at that) i've ever seen!  this movie will have you (at least ME) at the edge of your seat.  the mysterious and dark nature of the film is very intense and chilling.  the soundtrack is also worth a look because it goes perfectly with the tone of the film (dark techno mostly).  <br />sean gullette is perfect as maximilian cohen.  this is one of my all time favorite independent films.  i really think this movie is perfect in every way!
B00000JY1X|5.0|I am a magnamous magnetic fields/Stephin Merritt fan.  At first listen, this wasn't as good as some of the other albums (Wayward Bus, Get Lost), but the longer I listened the more I loved it.  True, there are some songs on here I would rather do without, but there are so many that make you think, laugh, and/or cry, that it anyone who is even THINKING about it needs to just go ahead and buy it!!
B000002B30|5.0|If you are a fan of music, this cd is worth every penny; if you are a springsteen fan, its just plain awesome. It is a compilation of any and all of his greatest songs. My personal favorites are &quot;My Hometown&quot;, &quot;Human Touch&quot;, and &quot;Better Days.&quot; At any rate, every song on the disc is good and it is a pleasurable listening experience all the way around.
B00004KD1L|4.0|Great driving music. Once I put it in, it is hard to take it out of the stereo.  If you like this, you will also like Theivery Corporation, Air, Tosca, Kruder &amp; Dorfmeister, or Peace Orchestra.
0743420373|4.0|I'm not a fan of &quot;self-help&quot; books. But it seems at last there is a &quot;get rich&quot; book that has answers without the bells and whistles typically seen in this genre. And to its credit, the authors outright state that there is no such thing as &quot;getting rich quickly.&quot; Rather they point to late-middle aged people who have made their wealth the old - fashioned way: through hard work, living below their means, saving, planning and wise investing -the sort of thing your parents told you years ago. Its a worthwhile read - especially in this age of easy finacing, superabundandt credit cards and a &quot;buy now, pay later&quot; mentality.
B00003CXN4|5.0|This is a brilliant film, with a great cast, and an excellent story.  But seeing as I had just watched L.A. Confidential the day before I went to see Traffic, I found that there were quite a few similarities between the two movies.<br />For starter's each movie focuses on three main storylines(that all tie into one story)with other sub-plots around them- Traffic has Javier Rodriguez(Benicio Del Toro) fighting the Mexican drug war. Robert Wakefield(Michael Douglas as the Government drug czar fighting a battle he can't win.A And then you have Montel Gordon(Don Cheadle) and Ray Castro(Luis Guzman) as DEA partners who track down a drug trafficker, Eduardo Ruiz(Miguel Ferrer) and then have to protect him when he is to go in front of a court against Carlos Ayala(Steven Bauer)  And these three main storylines spring open sub-plots- The case of Wakefield's daughter, Caroline(Erika Christensen- a brilliant find) being addicted to drugs, Carlos' wife, Helena(Catherine Zeta Jones), etc.<br />L.A. Confidential has the case of the three cops- Ed Exley(Guy Pearce), Bud White(Russell Crowe), and Jack Vincennes(Kevin Spacey), totally separate characters that have to come together.<br />Both have brilliant music scores<br />And hopefully, TRAFFIC will also get a Best Supporting Actor for Benicio's role(and  maybe adapted screenplay?), just like Kim Basinger won her Oscar and Director Hanson and Brian Helgeland's screenplay won an Oscar<br />Half of the film is in Spanish- subtitles are provided, so don't worry!  I think this gives the film a really good feel and nice flavor to it.  It just wouldn't have sounded the same if all the Mexican parts were spoken in English.<br />And all this is directed by Steven Soderbergh.  And the cinematography is just beautiful.
6301963717|5.0|Hats.  It's all about the hats.<br />I haven't seen this much attention paid to headwear since the Indiana Jones movies.  \\"What gives?\\" I ask myself every time I watch it.  The final poetic image we see over the opening credits is of a fedora blown across an autumn clearing.  Then, Gabriel Byrne (Tommy) goes to Marcia Gay Harden's (Verna) apartment, to retrieve his hat that he lost to her in a poker game the night before.  Needless to say, that's not all he came for.  From here, the action spins off into a labyrinthine series of crosses and double-crosses, where you never know whose allegiance is with whom.<br />So what do we make of all these hats?  My take is that this movie is about men who know how to exist within the rules of a certain world, that of Prohibition-era mobsters.  But everyone here is flawed, enough so that their judgement is clouded and at times they forget why those rules are in place.  Tommy is a wise lieutenant in the Irish mob, but he has a dangerous gambling habit (and is currently in the middle of a slump) and his hat offers disguise from would-be collectors.  Johnny Caspar, head of the Italian mob, is constantly telling people that he's \\"sick a gettin' the high hat,\\" a reference to the lack of respect he's afforded.  But does he really deserve that respect?  Probably not, since he doesn't even have the sense to cover his shiny bald head with a stylish chapeau.  (*There's a moment where someone refers to Johnny as `Giovanni Casparro', a reference to his necessarily hidden heritage and an example of the details the Coen's throw in as a reward for an attentive audience*)  And if we want to stretch the theme to its limits, a mobster, dead in an alley, has his toupee lifted by a curious kid and his dog.  His friends later misinterpret this as a sign of disrespect, and it pushes the impending turf war to the brink.  So the hat covers the head, just as the flaws of these powerful men cloud their good sense.  It's either that, or a typically stylish Coen red herring.  Frankly, I'm such a fan of their movies that either answer will suffice.<br />If you are generally put-off by the Coen's movies, by their ludicrous non-sequiters that amount to little more than stylish tangents, I implore you to check out two scenes here that are picture perfect in conception and execution.  The first is the opening scene in Albert Finney's (Leo) office.  Johnny Casper has come to him ostensibly to ask for a favour, but really to talk of `ethics'.  We get our first glimpses into the hatred between these two men, and their respective henchmen, Tommy and Eddie Dane.  Even though the scene is dialogue heavy and for the most part quite civil, the Coen's manage to throw in many other subtle hints as to the incivility that is to come.  The second scene has Leo surviving a hit, when the mobsters sent to kill him accidentally set fire to the first floor of his house.  Leo feels the heat (literally and metaphorically), and manages to get the jump on his attackers.  There is one great shot here, where cinematographer Barry Sonnenfeld manages to show the floorboards in Leo's bedroom actually warping from the heat.  It's a shining example of his work throughout the movie.  Both of these scenes are simple and economically, fitting perfectly into and advancing forward the plot.<br />All the actors here are top-notch, managing to portray these flawed men with the right mixture of charisma and world-weariness.  Albert Finney, Jon Polito, J.E. Freeman, and John Turturro are the standouts.  Turturro has some of the best moments.  First when he begs for his life, and then when he cynically tries to quote his begging to save himself again.  And Gabriel Byrne, an actor who I very rarely like, is perfect.  He is asked to carry the movie, and he does a fantastic job.<br />`Miller's Crossing' is not cold and pretentious, as its reputation usually states.  I admit that the Coen's fall into that trap sometimes.  But not this time.  Here, they've crafteda tightly plotted and suspenseful movie that never wastes a moment of its time, or of yours.
068484267X|4.0|This was one of the most powerful and heart touching novels that I have read.  The experience he describes through his eyes shows a world that I could never image.  A world of pain, sadness, and suffering but at the same time filled with love and joy.  Frank and his younger brother Malachy were born in America during the Great Depression.  Life in American was not at all wonderful for Frank's family but it was more than they could ever dream of having in Ireland.  However, they wouldn't stay there for long.  Frank's father lost his job while drunk at work.  For some reason his father thought life would be better back in Ireland, so the family traveled back to Limerick where his mother was brought up.  Living in Limerick wasn't easy for anyone however, it was even more difficult for Frank's father because he was from Northern Ireland. He was never liked by anyone on Frank's mother side of the family.  His father never did much for the family but spend the family's money in the pubs.  Frank grew up with the pain of losing his three baby brothers and sister as well as his first love. Later in Frank's life he plans to return to America.  \\"I know I don't have to tell Mam anything, that soon when the pubs close he'll be home singing and offering us a penny to die for Ireland and it will be different now because its bad enough to drink the dole or the wages but a man that drinks the money for a new baby is gone beyond the beyonds as my mother would say.\\" (McCourt, 186) This quote shows how miserable his childhood was like with his father around. Because his father left the family when he was at a young age, we see him develop into the man his father never was.  He knew the importance of bring home the money to his family.
B00000FBRE|5.0|Lagwagon is probably one of the best punk bands today.  &quot;Let's Talk About Feelings&quot; is probably Lagwagon's best album.  I first heard &quot;May 16 (Track 11)&quot; in Tony Hawk ProSkater 2 for Playstation.  I loved the song and bought the CD.  Every track on this CD is great.  Favorite Tracks include (1)After You My Friend,(4)Change Despair, (9)Messengers, and (11)May 16.
B0000028UK|5.0|Recently, music has taken a turn for the worst. The majority of rock bands are guilty of horrible crimes against humanity. Fortunately for those of us who are disgusted by the music of today, albums like Vs. by Pearl Jam are still accessible to the public. This is still Pearl Jam's finest album, despite worthy and admirable efforts like Binaural and Ten. &quot;Go&quot; opens this CD with blistering style, and is followed up by &quot;Animal&quot; which is quite fitting. Things are softened with &quot;Daughter&quot; and the music continues with several phenomanal tracks, keeping the pace of rocking the listener, and then slowing down. Eddie Vedder and crew obviously know the importance of arranging their music. But perhaps the order in which the songs are placed isn't so important compared to social consciousness of the lyrics and the fine craftsmanship of the music. Pearl Jam deserves applause for not wholly relying on cheap hooks to sell music. Whether the listener is just getting into rock, or is an older fan looking for something worthwhile, then this is a CD to get, not just borrow from a friend
0802136834|4.0|This is one of the more entertaining histories that I have read for some time. It is able to provide an insight into the mechanics of history.<br />Henry the eight was the younger brother of Arthur Tudor. It had been expected that Arthur would rule England, and a marriage had been arranged by Arthur's father to Catherine the daughter of the Spanish King. Arthur went through the ceremony of marriage but died probably before consummating he marriage. Catherine was a beautiful woman and she had a sound knowledge of religious literature. Henry fell in love with her and his father arranged a dispensation which allowed him to marry her. Henry the seventh was notoriously stingy and some say it was to avoid him returning the dowry. Henry's father died soon after and Henry now ascended the throne as Henry the VIII. A number of histories have painted Henry in an unfavorable light.  Yet he was a person who was clearly intelligent he wrote a book which defended the faith and he wrote music. One of his songs &quot;Green sleeves&quot; is still played today. <br />Catherine was unable to give birth to a male heir. Henry also had some setbacks as a King. His vision of kingship was to be successful in war. France and Austria were antagonists at this time and Henry tried to ally with Austria to sieve French territory. He failed in his enterprises. <br />It would seem clear that he started to believe that God was punishing him for his marriage. He believed that it may have breached the biblical injunction which precludes the marriage of a wife of a brother. These beliefs occurred at the same time he met Ann Bolyn a beautiful and intelligent woman. Ann was woman who also had the strength of character not to become the kings mistress. Henry requested a divorce from Rome so that he could be free of his sin and at the same time marry his beloved. The Pope refused to grant him a divorce. <br />This book illustrates how Henry at this time started to brood and to lose faith in the authorityof the Pope. How could the vicar of God force him to continue in a marriage that was an offence to God. Thomas Cromwell the person responsible for Henry's break from Rome clearly used the situation to suggest that Henry should place himself at the head of the English Church. He further suggested the confiscation and sale of the monasteries land. By selling the land of the monasteries revenue would be raised for the crown but also the nobles which bought the land would be implicated in Henry's decision. They would thus support him against the attempts of the Pope to remove him. Thus was born the English reformation. <br />This book is interesting as it combines the human drama with a realistic examination of the political and religious issues around the break with Rome. <br />After the break Ann Bolyn did not last long. Henry had her executed and his life then began to decline. He only achieved a measure of happiness with two more of his wives,  with two more of his wives, one who died and the other who outlived him. He died a fat overweight and embittered man.
B000002WYT|5.0|5 STARS....EXCELLENT CD<br />MANY HIDDEN THINGS WITHIN THE TRACKS...LOOK FOR THEM<br />HINTS: JAM IN &quot;LIE IN OUR GRAVES&quot; END OF &quot;DRIVE IN DRIVE OUT&quot;
B00004XQ83|5.0|For this son of the South these tunes bring back a child hood steeped in bluegrass and real country music. This recording will reach across generational lines and delight anyone who listens to it. Do yourself a great favor and put this cd in your collection.
B0000024IE|5.0|With It Takes a Nation of Millions To Hold Us Back (1988), Public Enemy single-handedly shattered the limits and expanded the possibilities for hip-hop as an artist and cultural force.  To that point, It Takes a Nation was the most inventive, powerful rap record ever.  It's blend of diverse samples, infectious beats, and intelligent lyrics (delivered with irrepresible cogence by the band's frontman and lead rapper Chuck D) was unlike anything that preceded it.  As tempting as it is to praise Public Enemy for their fiercly intelligent vision, the compelling delivery is what makes it all worthwhile.  While secondary rapper Flavor Flav doesn't have Chuck D's powerful baritone or undeniable intelligence, his raps humorously compliment the groups militant ideals.  Public Enemy's deft production team, aptly titled The Bomb Squad (which includes Chuck D, DJ Terminator X, and numerous studio technicians), manages to extract samples from eccletic sources, including John Coltrane, Van Halen, and speeches by Martin Luther King jr., and Malcom X.  If this album had a flaw, it was that the themes were only loosely held together.  All discuss African-American oppression, occasionally attacking it so ambiguously that the album sometimes feels a little unfocused.  This isn't really a problem because the music is what ultimately holds this brilliant work together.<br />In 1990, after two years of controversy and uncertainty, Public Enemy returned with Fear of a Black Planet; the most coherent, focused rap album to date.  On Fear of a Black Planet, Public Enemy amazingly build on the near perfection of It Takes a Nation, elevating the music to an even higher artistic level.  Fear of a Black Planet begins with an instrumental track, &quot;Contract on the World Love Jam&quot;, that quietly describes the band's precarious situation from the previous year.  Then, the album explodes into an intense, funky song that manipulates a Prince sample so creatively you probably won't recognize it.The lyrics and title assure everyone that, &quot;Brothers Gonna Work It Out&quot;.  That song sets the tone for the entire album and from that point Public Enemy takes hold and never relaxes their grip.<br />Fear of a Black Planet is a remarkably complex record; each song seems to change gears and move in a different direction.  It's unpredictable, yet it always sounds like Public Enemy knows exactly where they're going.  On, &quot;Incident at 66.6 FM&quot;, The Bomb Squad samples a call-in radio interview with Chuck D.  The comments by the interviewer and numerous callers introduce the next track, &quot;Welcome to the Terror Dome&quot;.  Chuck D effectively shoots down his critics against a menacing soundscape that includes a refined siren sample, with a muted vocal harmony in the background.  On, &quot;Fear of a Black Planet&quot;, he addresses the baseless fear of interracial marriage.  He displays an uncharacteristic sense of humor, as some of the vocals are manipulated to sound munchkin-like (yet still sound in character with the song).  On, &quot;B Side Wins Again&quot;, he berates mainstream radio for refusing to play anything unusual or controversial.  Chuck's voice is treated with a reverberation effect, creating a fuzzy echo after the initial vocal sound.<br />Though Chuck D is clearly the primary creative force behind Public Enemy, Flavor Flav has a number of strong moments.  On, &quot;911 is a Joke&quot;, he berates emergency response crews for incompentence.  On, &quot;Can't do Nuttin' For Ya Man&quot;, he tells a seemingly hopeless case to solve his own problems.  Flavor Flav delivers his clever rhymes with his trademark humorous flamboyance.  He and Chuck D collaborate on the final song, the best rap anthem ever recorded and Public Enemy's statement of purpose, &quot;Fight the Power&quot;.  &quot;Fight the Power&quot; is the perfect conclusion for an adventurous record that, despite it's many musical directions, is always focused.<br />Many have condemned Public Enemy for promoting bigotry.  In some sense this is not without basis, as some lyrics on Fear of a Black Planet appear, at least superficially, to be prejudicial.  On, &quot;Welcome to the Terror Dome&quot;, Chuck responds to a Rabbi who critized the group with words like, &quot;Told the Rab, get off the rag&quot; and, &quot;they got me like Jesus&quot;.  Even though he later stated that he doesn't harbor hostility for all Jews, this isn't apparent while listening to the album.  &quot;Meet the G That Killed Me&quot;, contains blatantly homophobic lyrics such as, &quot;Man to man, don't know if they can, from what I know, that parts don't fit&quot;.  While you may not agree with these and other viewpoints (which I sometimes don't), they are irrelevant to Public Enemy's artistic achievement.  The entire presentation is what makes their music artistically viable.    <br />After Black Planet, Public Enemy released Apocalypse 91:  The Enemy Strikes Black (1991).  It's a strong effort with several outstanding tracks, but a bit uneven and not a progression from their previous work.  In 1994, they released Muse Sick-N-Hour Message; a listless, redundant disappointment.  Since then, the group has shown flashes of innovation, but is mostly just treading water (as evidence of this, Chuck D is now known more for his support of music on the internet rather any artistic contribution).  With It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back and Fear of a Black Planet, Public Enemy took rap to an artistic and cultural level that had not been reached before and hasn't been reached since.
B00004T8RK|5.0|I said it the first time I listened to Revolver by the Beatles, The Wall by Pink Floyd, Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness by the Smashing Pumpkins, Strange Days by the Doors, and many of Pearl Jam's earlier albums.<br />What is it that I said, you ask?<br />Mid-way thru &quot;Breakerfall,&quot; the album's 2 minute opener, I paused the CD and screamed, &quot;Holy @#$%!!&quot; at the top of my lungs. IT IS THAT GOOD. If their were more albums like this out, rock would be saved. I tip my hat to the boys of Pearl Jam, for making an album I can justly put on my &quot;masterpiece&quot; shelf. However, I won't be putting it on the shelf for quite awhile, as it is in my head 24/7. Whenever I'm listening to it I think of how great it is, and whenever I'm not listening to it I think of how great it would be if I was. And believe me, I'm not one to always give CDs great reviews that I only kind of like. There's only about 7 masterpieces (8 now I suppose) that I've praised like this one. Songs like &quot;Nothing as It Seems,&quot; and &quot;Of the Girl&quot; put the tear of envy in my eye for Eddie's beautiful voice and the rest of the bands undeniable talent.<br />Buy it. If you don't like it email me at jamesco33@hotmail.com and I'll send you the money you paid for it (Not really, but you WILL like it.)
B000UAE7RW|5.0|'Chinatown' is one of those rare film that is absolutely perfect. Sure<br />there are plenty of films that have very few flaws, but they are not as<br />complex as this movie, nor are their plots as brilliantly put together.<br />Many people who dislike the film have called it boring and they do not<br />like the ending. They forget the film is about a serious subject matter<br />and shouldn't be handled like an action movie. Polanski, along with the<br />rest of the cast, handle the story with maturity and precision, the way<br />it should be. Polanski does not insult the viewers' intelligence. He<br />forces us to use our imagination about past events and events that are<br />currently happening. It may take several viewing to put all the pieces<br />together, but with each viewing the film becomes more meaningful. Even<br />though the film ends on an unhappy note, people must understand why the<br />film ended that way. The ending is one of the reasons the film is so<br />powerful and unforgettable. But that will be discussed a little later.<br /><br />'Chinatown' is the story of a private eye detective J.J. \\"Jake\\" Gittes<br />(Nicholson) who investigates the extramarital affair of a prominent<br />engineer in Los Angeles. It is set in the 1930s, and the city is<br />suffering a major drought. Even though the city is going through a<br />drought, Gittes discovers that thousands of gallons of water is being<br />dumped at night. He is dumbfounded, but he does not realize he is about<br />to enter a conspiracy involving the elite of the city. This conspiracy<br />stretches out to the farmers in the surrounding land. He is warned on<br />several occasions throughout the film about what he is getting into,<br />but he still enters the lion's mouth full speed ahead. Jack Nicholson<br />gives one of the great performances of his career. Even though all the<br />actors did a superb job, including Faye Dunaway, Nicholson still towers<br />above anyone else. There is a reason he is considered one of the all<br />time greats. So few actors can bring such range into their roles. He is<br />funny as hell when he needs to be and serious and sensitive the story<br />requires it.<br /><br />The film is also carried by its brilliant screenplay. The screenplay<br />has been hailed one of the best of all time, and I find that hard to<br />argue. The dialog is so well written, it is an absolute joy watch time<br />an again. Graphics can become dates, action sequences can become tame,<br />but good dialog is timeless. Apparently, Robert Towne, the main screen<br />writer, turned down 'The Great Gatsby' to instead write 'Chinatown'. He<br />would have made a lot more money writing 'Gatsby', but inspiration won<br />over dollars. He made the right decision because what he gave us was a<br />screenplay for the ages. It is wickedly clever, intelligent, and<br />cynical. Towne must have been at the pinnacle of his career.<br /><br />Many people have voiced their displeasure at the ending of the film.<br />They feel it is depressing. They feel the film should not have ended<br />that way. They feel that people have overrated the film because of the<br />ending. To me, the ending is absolutely brilliant. It should rank as<br />one of the great endings in film history. In the ending, the ghosts of<br />the past coming crashing like a tidal wave. Notice in the ending, it is<br />only time Evelyn and Noah Cross are together in the movie. Notice that<br />in the ending, things are so confusing, hardly anyone can figure out<br />what is happening. Throughout the film, Jake talks about Chinatown, or<br />how he doesn't like talking about it. Jake really does not realize what<br />he is getting into. What he is getting into is destiny. All the money<br />or motivation in the world cannot stop destiny from happening. And this<br />destiny is not always happy. In fact, it can be downright brutal. At<br />times in this life, there are forces beyond one's control. What a<br />phenomenal achievement in film-making.
B00004Y2FT|5.0|Im completely sure Ive never heard -and I wont, I know- such a magnificent voice. Listening any of these songs could be the gate for a gorgeous experience. This compilation expresses the unique Cocteaus essence of their first eight years as well. Of course, having &quot;Sugar Hiccup&quot;, &quot;Lorelei&quot;, &quot;Lazy calm&quot; and &quot;Carolyns Fingers&quot; in one disc is the best gift of God, and Im not joking. Nevertheless, Ill wait the second part from the history of my favorite band, and I hope it contains songs like &quot;Oil of Angels&quot;, &quot;Bluebeard&quot;, &quot;Know who you are at every Age&quot;, &quot;Rilkean heart&quot; (both versions), &quot;Alice&quot;, &quot;Primitive Heart&quot; or &quot;Need-Fire&quot;. New millennium, an incomparable first album.
0385484518|1.0|This book did not meet my high expectations.  I read many reviews on this site where people had seemed to have some kind of spriritual experience or epiphany while reading this book.  I ordered it from Amazon expecting a deeply enlightening read.  To my disappointment, I found that the themes it addresses are very basic.  They aren't quantum physics or anything.  For example, I consider it a matter of common sense that relationships are more important than possessions..this shouldn't be a deathbed realization for most of us...but the author acted like it was the most arcane and wise thing he'd ever heard....Morrie's &quot;aphorisms&quot; were fairly lightweight,basic observations on life that most people should already know and appreciate.  Also, I didn't like the sweet, sappy, emotionally manipulative tone of the book. There were parts where I thought, &quot;OK, I'm supposed to cry here.&quot; I thought maybe I was being too harsh, so I asked my wife to read it.  She gets choked up over reading hallmark cards in the mall so I thought she would be more sympathetic.  BUT:  she didn't even finish the book because it was too sappy even for her.  Now that's sappy.  That's what motivated me to write this review.
B0000029LG|5.0|History blends Michael's old stuff brilliantly.  From &quot;Billie Jean's&quot; hyper-kinetic beat,to &quot;Don't Stop 'till You Get Enough's&quot;-must dance out of control style-that features Jackson's falsetto at it's best. This 2-disc set is a must buy.  Disc 2 is more of a challeange at first listen.  While some of the songs may be dismissed at a first listen (&quot;Earthsong&quot; being one of them). As you warm up to the CD you find the true gems.  Among them &quot;smile&quot;,&quot;History&quot;,and the haughtingly poigoint &quot;Little Susie&quot; but the best track goes to the Grammy winning &quot;Scream&quot;. Every nuance in this song is vintage Jackson.  Even thogh it's billed as a duet between Michael And Janet.  Janet seems out of place in a sound that michael has had a great deal of sucess in -modern pop.
B00001PE4D|1.0|Can someone explain the fascination with Ryan Phillippe? Aside from his boyish good looks, I can't see an ounce of talent in any of his performances. You can actually see the words on the page as he's saying them. And this performance is no exception.<br />Save your time and money. For a lesson in how this story should be told (read: beautiful Directing and Acting), rent 'Dangerous Liaisons' with Close, Malkovich and Pfeiffer. You'll understand why this story was told... not just see pretty young actors stumble through scenes with nary a thought in their heads. Reese Witherspoon does actually pull off a nice performance, but it's a little too late to save this stinker.
0783222955|5.0|&quot;A wonderful movie for all ages of a small child growing up in a world of prejudice and courage.  A must see for everyone!
B000002J27|5.0|When Gabriel left the band at the end of the LAMB LIES DOWN tour, he had no idea how the band would survive.  He had written all the lyrics for the previous album, he was the lead vocalist and the centre of audience attention.<br />But, great though Gabriel was, his departure was a blessing in disguise.  No longer did keyboardsman Tony Banks have to wait for  Gabriel to hand over his poetry before he could start writing the music.  Genesis could become more like a conventional band: start with the melody first, then flesh out the tune with some words that matched the spirit and rhythm of the music.<br />The result was this masterpiece, which shocked Gabriel at the time.  He had had no idea they would be so capable.  The focus on melody meant there were some of Genesis's most beautiful tracks, namely 'Entangled', 'Mad, mad moon', 'Ripples' and 'A trick of the tail'.  ('Robbery, assault and battery' was a mistake, and goodness knows why the band carried it into their live act for 'Seconds Out'.)  These tracks were rather less convoluted than the normal Gabriel material, and the album gathered a large mainstream following.  'Dance on a volcano' betrayed Collins's interest in jazz drumming that he would bring to his next project, Brand X's UNORTHODOX BEHAVIOUR.<br />In retrospect, it was excellent that Genesis have had phases both with and without Gabriel.  (I began to lose interest when Hackett left.)  Both phases have produced outstanding albums.
0312853238|5.0|When I began reading this, a friend told me it was a &quot;kid's book&quot;.  If so, I like kid's books.  While the story may center around child characters, albeit incredibly intelligent children, it has a depth to appeal to all ages.<br />Ender's tactics and novel solutions to problems that stop most of his peers were intriguing.<br />My favorite aspects were the family themes played out inside Ender.  Is he more like Peter?  Is he more like Valentine?  In the end, we discover that the three of them each contain a bit of the others.<br />The Demosthenes/Locke sub-plot was also a pleasant surprise and change in pace from the Training School.  I was reminded of the Japenese manga &quot;Sanctuary&quot; - where two friends sought to return their homeland to a safe place, free of corruption but used different avenues - one through politics &amp; intrigue, the other through the underworld and violence.<br />Card also has a knack for drawing your attention to the motivations of the characters.  Each must be judged in the context of their situation and background.  The Buggers, Peter, even the Xenocide are understood differently as we learn more about each of them.<br />The last few chapters result in a very interesting change in momentum and closure to one life while opening the doors to a new one.  <br />Although, by traditional standards, he remains a child throughout most of the book, Ender is given his adult life through his experiences on Earth and in the training school.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Not since Fight Club have I seen a film showing ideas and viewpoints that most mainstream movies wouldn't touch.  (Why did USA release Traffic and not Universal?) Sure put these ideas into small art house films and who goes to see them?  Its like preaching to the choir. At my screening I saw everyday &quot;Castaway&quot; moviegoers watching a film that showed how debilitating drugs and &quot;The Drug War&quot; is for everyone involved.<br />Soberberg again does a superb job connecting all the disparate characters into whole.  Including some very hilarious scenes (with Don Cheadle and Luis Guzman) that he's shown he is capable of before in movies like Out of Sight and Erin Brockovich.  <br />Traffic simply proves Soderberg is the most exciting American director since Scorsese. And Benicio Del Toro gives the best heroic underdog portrayal since Stallone did Rocky way back when.  Give an Oscar to this guy.<br />If Traffic doesn't win Best Picture it'll rank up there with the injustices Raging Bull and LA Confidential had to face.<br />Traffic just makes me excited about movies again and thats why I'm writing this review when I should be in bed.
0812550757|5.0|It's almost hard to believe this is the sequel to Ender's Game, because it is so different.  But without the first book, we could never understand Andrew with the depth we do here.<br />Card weaves in themes of religion and family relatedness throughout the book.  And he has us explore how we define those are similar to us and those who are different.<br />But at the core of this book is understanding the Context and Motivation of others.  Acts of seeming atrocity are understood when we discover the purpose behind them.  Choices made to protect others can in fact result in incredible suffering.  <br />The Speaker simply brings the Truth with him and leaves behind understanding.  But he doesn't try to excuse the responsibility.  He knows people for who they are, not for what he wants them to be.  His truth is so penetrating that others are able to see themselves as they really are and the consequences of their choices.  And, in that clearing, they find the freedom to live a life of their choosing.  They can be what they choose to be.<br />Imagine how different our world could be if we had Speakers for the Dead to tell the true and complete story of our lives.  Or if more of simply lived true to ourselves.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Not since Fight Club have I seen a film showing ideas and viewpoints that most mainstream movies wouldn't touch.  Sure put these ideas into small art house films and who goes to see them?  Its like preaching to the choir. At my screening I saw everyday &quot;Castaway&quot; moviegoers watching a film that showed how debilitating drugs and &quot;The Drug War&quot; is for everyone involved.<br />Soberberg again does a superb job connecting all the disparate characters into whole.  Including some very hilarious scenes (with Don Cheadle and Luis Guzman) that he's shown he is capable of before in movies like Out of Sight and Erin Brockovich.  <br />Traffic simply proves Soderberg is the most exciting American director since Scorsese. And Benicio Del Toro gives the best heroic underdog performance since Stallone did Rocky way back when.<br />If Traffic doesn't win Best Picture it'll rank up there with the injustices Raging Bull and LA Confidential had to face.<br />Traffic just makes me excited about movies again and thats why I'm writing this review when I should be in bed.
1881273156|5.0|Everyday we are faced with Romance Questions.  Why it works? Or doesn't? how can &quot;I&quot; make it work for me? What does he want? she want? What does it take to be loved? give love? Find love . . ? <br />Gary Chapman's book does not have all the answers, but he certainly gives you a cheat sheet to look them up.  Breaking down basic love needs into 5 &quot;languages&quot; Chapman takes the reader through a series of parables he experienced while counciling countless married couples.  His humor and depth make for a fun easy read.<br />Honestly, without this book, I would not be able to talk to someone, and figure out what it is he or she needs to feel appreciated, and more importantly, what we all want . . . loved.
B00000IMCW|4.0|The theatrical version has always been the best version of DOD. It is a faster smoother cut with a far superior soundtrack. I still cant decide which music I like better in one case (the scene where they first fly into the mall). Even though a few of the Zombie gore scenes are missing the atmosphere is still much stronger. I would recomend any true fan to have both US versions of the film.  The previous Anchor Bay two sided version has its advantages too. Its the longest unrated version available and the sound recording and picture are slightly better (still mono though). This 138 minute version is no longer available unfortunately but you will find plenty of them up for grabs on ebay.com. Thats how I got mine.  Down to the theatrical DVD. The extras arent very impressive for a start. Id like to have seen more of the Argento scenes as I still havent seen ZOMBI (European version). Also I would have liked a commentary or at least an interview of some sort. Elite entertainment always deliver great versions of classic films but Anchor bay are slacking a bit at the mo.  The second very dissapointing aspect of this disk is the sound. It is recorded in a very linear mono track. Allot of the time the music goes low then high again. Also during the final Zombie battle at the end, you will notice mistakes in the sound recording. It Skips ever so slightly. You will have to listen carefully to notice these errors though so dont get too worried. Still I have got over these problems now and I worship this DVD and film. I would recommend this to any Dawn of the Dead fan.   Ive heard rumours of a special edition but this wont be until 2002. No way could I wait that long. My advice is to buy this version or the old flipper long version and enjoy it. There both as good as each other.  Now I just hope I can find a version of Zombi on ebay. Actually im gonna check ebay now.....
B000001BZT|3.0|I'm listening to this as I type, and I have to admit I enjoy it. Of course, Steve Earle plays guitar about as well as anyone I can think of, off hand, bearing comparison to Mark Knopfler, if not Carlos Santana. His stories are good, and his lyrics don't make me cringe. I like his characters; they may be losers, some of them, but they're brave, interesting losers.<br />What he does so very well is give you a mental picture of someone with really bad teeth telling you a story. The title song does exactly that. It begins reminiscently of By the Hush, and the mandolin line is wonderfully tight and tense. This song impresses me to no end, even if I did find myself asking why a moonshiner needed one hundred pounds of yeast. As I recall, you took a copper kettle, a copper coil, new made-corn mash, water, and built a hard-wood fire. Voila, moonshine. Maybe I forgot some of the ingredients of the corn mash, and I'll take Earle's word for the necessity of yeast.<br />If there's anything that keeps this from being better, it's that Steve Earle does tend to re-use the same vocal hook. Devil's Right Hand and Johnny Come Lately share Copperhead Road's hook, and You Belong to Me is echoed in Waiting for You, and so on. <br />Buy it and enjoy the stories.
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkin Park is rap-rock. Let's not get in an argument over this fact-as singular as they are, they still fall into that category. However, I notice a big difference between Limp Bizkit and Linkin Park. While Fred Durst may be able to impress with a loud voice and a loud ego, Linkin park does a great job of actually saying something. They're not another Nirvana or another Led Zeppelin, but they've actually got talent. They seem less of rap-rock then more of some insane mix of techno, punk and just talking in rhymes. If you are going to say that &quot;It's all fine for you, mr. redneck wrestlemania rap-rock listener, but Linkin Park is nothing but a group of Limp Bizkit imitators with a little sampling thrown in&quot;, I urge you to listen to any song other than &quot;One Step Closer&quot;, perhaps &quot;Pushing Me Away&quot;. &quot;One Step Closer&quot; is definitely more of a radio rack ment to draw in people from the rap-rock genre, and is their worst song. This really is a good album.
B000002LQR|2.0|Blood Sugar Sex Magik was the album with which Red Hot Chili Peppers broke through to a less limited music scene. By many, it is still considered the band's best album, so I looked forward to enjoying as many as 17 great RHCP songs.<br />But no! Apart from the hits Under The Bridge (still a superb song!), Give It Away, I Could Have Lied and Breaking The Girl, plus the last minutes of Sir Psycho Sex, this album has not much to offer. The other 13 songs all sound like (unworthwile) imitations of Give It Away.<br />This funk-rap-rock dominates the album - so if you are not into that style, buying Blood Sugar Sex Magik will be a waste of money. I recommend Californication, even though it is more commercial, instead.
B00000JGEI|5.0|&quot;Terminator 2: Judgment Day&quot; is mind-blowing and awesome. It's also one of the few sequals that tops the original. In fact, this is even better than the original. It has more excitement, better special effects and action sequences. The &quot;liquid metal&quot; special effect is amazing. It's one of the best pieces of special effects I've ever seen in an action or sci-fi flick. The ending kept me on the edge of my seat, and the whole movie just blew me away! It's that thrilling and exciting! There are three classic lines in the movie: &quot;I'll be back&quot;, {also from the first film} &quot;Come with me if you want to live&quot;, and best of all, &quot;Hasta la Vasta, Baby&quot;. Those lines have been quoted, I think, from fans of the &quot;Terminator&quot; movies. I recommend this to any movie fan of any movie genre, action/sci-fi included.
B00003CXDG|1.0|What a disapointment this movie was.  I used to love MI as a kid and it was built around the team concept.  Where is the MI team here?  This is nothing but Tom Cruise doing dangerous stuff.  (That should be the name of it!)  Granted the action scenes were well done but so long and added nothing to the movie.  It appears Mr. Cruise wants to be a poorly acted James Bond.  Well if that was where he was going he got there.  My recommendation!  Rent it don't buy it.
B00000JGEI|5.0|&quot;Terminator 2: Judgment Day&quot; is mind-blowing and awesome. It's also one of the few sequals that tops the original. In fact, this is even better than the original. It has more excitement, better special effects and action sequences. The &quot;liquid-metal&quot; special effect is amazing. It's one of the best pieces of special effects I've ever seen in an action or sci-fi flick. The ending kept me on the edge of my seat, and the whole movie just blew me away! It's that thrilling and exciting! There are three classic lines in the movie: &quot;I'll be back&quot;, {also from the first film} &quot;Come with me if you want to live&quot;, and best of all, &quot;Hasta la Vasta, Baby&quot;. Those lines have been quoted, I think, from fans of the &quot;Terminator&quot; movies. I recommend this to any movie fan of any movie genre, action/sci-fi included.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Ridley Scott's &quot;Gladiator&quot; is a roaring, romantic, moving spectacle about the glory that was Rome. This is a great film, one that brings back classic themes of the cinema that we haven't seen since the days &quot;Spartacus&quot; or &quot;Quo Vadis&quot; or even &quot;Ben-Hur&quot; stirred screen audiences. People have been waiting exactly for this kind of film for a long time. The purpose of a movie like &quot;Gladiator&quot; is to exhilarate the viewer and capture him with red-blooded drama and action. The screenplay by David Franzoni, John Logan and William Nicholson barrows from other films and molds into a riveting story, a simple yet entertaining tale. Ridley Scott (Alien, G.I. Jane) directs with the eyes of a master, with great taste for epic material. The cinematography by John Mathieson is rich, making some scenes look like classic paintings of Ancient Rome. The editor is Pietro Scalia, who won an Oscar for Oliver Stone's &quot;JFK,&quot; he creates some great, gritty, bone-crunching action sequences. And of course, the music by Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard is effective, moving and a romping experience all in itself. &quot;Gladiator&quot; also works for women, it's not just a guy-flick, it has a nice, sensual feeling to the romantic material. This is fun, moving and enjoyable cinema. &quot;Gladiator&quot; will call you back for a second viewing.
B000002OVJ|5.0|Live at Leeds in truly a great live album.  Many artists (and their record labels) release putrid live albums in order to fulfill contracts and to gouge their fans.  <br />This certainly isn't the case with Live At Leeds.  The Who are at their best, playing favorites like Substitute, I Can't Explain, and lengthened versions of Magic Bus and My Generation.  From all the chatter between the songs, it sounds like the Who had a good time making the album, too.<br />The remastering is excellent, as well.  I own the original CD release, and the new version (with all of the added tracks) is well worth buying again...
B00001WRM2|5.0|This is an overall well balanced cd with just the right mix of songs, the beats are superb (hear the violins go crazy at the end of reunited) The samples from kung fu movies fit perfectly with the songs, and the lyrics are masterpieces, among my favourite tracks are reunited, dog shit,triumph, severe punishment, and visionz. but there is not one song in the 2 cd's ill skip, the album is well worth your money.
6302548195|5.0|Hi from an Italian BB! I've waited for a lot of time for this VHS, I cannot wait more! Do anybody know how to have this VHS...or DVD also?? PLEASE HELP ME!! <br />cicolatinohotmail.com
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|Hi. I'm intelligent. This movie is not funny, unless you are a foot fungus. I mean, cause I am smart and I know. Get it?
B0000541AM|5.0|THE WARRIORS WAS ONE OF THE FIRST MOVIES I EVER SAW AT THE MOVIE THEATER I WAS 11 YEARS  OLD IM NOW 28 AND STILL WAITING FOR SOMETHING TO COME OUT AND COMPARE TO IT AND IM NOW REALIZING ITS NEVER GONNA HAPPEN . THE WARRIORS IS A CLASSIC FILM THAT GE T ES MORE RAW REALITY ACTION THEN FEW FILMS EVER HAVE.              BRIAN BINDER
B000002KP3|5.0|Marc Bolan, a man who should be ranked with Kurt Cobain, John Lennon and other greats who passed on in their youth, has created with &quot;Electric Warrior,&quot; an 11 song rock giant that turned the world on its head in 1971.  British hysteria over this record opened the door to numerous copycats, including the legendary David Bowie.  &quot;Mambo Sun&quot; remains my all-time favorite T.Rex song and &quot;Life's a Gas&quot; is such a wonderful tune when you need a little perspective.  This record is honest, smooth, fun, and and sensual all at the same time.  &quot;Cosmic Dancer&quot; is like no other song on this planet.  Overall, &quot;Electric Warrior&quot; is a sweet start-to-finish product of irresistible pop hooks and clever lyrics.  Bolan lives on.
B00004YW6I|5.0|It's rare to talk about rock music in terms of sheer joyfulness, but PJ Harvey's Stories from the City is 48 minutes of unadulterated pleasure.  She overcomes violence with love, but isn't nave enough to think it will last (though she's human enough to hope that it will), and through her journey here she experiences immense epiphanies in \\"Beautiful Feeling\\" as well as grand horrors in \\"The Whores Hustle and the Hustlers Whore\\".  In the end, she's scarred and satisfied, a woman fully alive in the midst of chaos, fighting with and for her life while creating the most inspirational music of her career.  A summing up and a stepping stone.
B000001EQT|5.0|This is my favorite T.Rex record.  Don't know who T.Rex is?  Then buy this and crank it up and never be the same!  T.Rex Fan?  Well, then you have to admit, &quot;Main Man,&quot; &quot;The Slider,&quot; and &quot;Ballrooms of Mars&quot; are some of Marc Bolan's greatest masterpieces.  It is really difficult to choose a favorite T.Rex record because &quot;Electric Warrior,&quot; &quot;The Slider,&quot; and &quot;Tanx&quot; are all so amazing.  However, I opt for this particular album because of the continuity, maturity, and vitality of all the songs, along with the youthful, insouciant elegance and careless glam bam wham that melt together so well with T.Rex to create some of the happiest, wildest, along with the saddest and sexiest melodies in the universe.  In other words, Bolan rocks on!
6304584598|5.0|I take ballet 5 times a week, and I decided it would influence my dancing, if I watched other ballerinas dance in other ballets. I looked all over amazon.com, and finally I decided, who could influence me more than the enchanting Margot Fonteyn dancing Swan Lake? I bought the DVD, and I love it! Fonteyn is amazing. Simply put, this is the most inspiring ballet I have ever seen, and it has greatly changed my dancing for the better, and has set my goal to strive to perfect my dancing as Margot Fonteyn had!
B00003CXDB|5.0|This film raised the common suspender to the level of cultural icon. It's done more for suspenderdom than Brookes Bros ever could. Suspenders are worth fighting for. Not only do they keep your trousers up and give the modern executive a spurious impression of corporate power (when he in fact works in the mail room), they also impress the hell out of women, who seemingly never tire of twanging them.
0790734850|5.0|This film is one of the most underrated films of the 90's.  It has great acting from Russell Crowe, Kevin Spacey, Kim Basinger and an outstanding performance from Guy Pearce.<br />Russell Crowe is Bud White, an old style cop who doesn't play games and is the enforcer of the L.A police department.  While others take a more professional approach Bud White is old school and gets things done his way. Even though Bud does not follow policy and breaks the law, as you watch the film you understand where he is coming from.  Kevin Spacey gives one of his best performances as Jack who also happens to moonlight in the movie and showbiz tabloid business.  Danny DeVito plays a sleazy reporter, Kim Basinger also does an excellent job. <br />The story has many twists and turns and keeps you guessing till the end.  This film is a must have for any collector or a fan of Crowe and Spacey.<br />Picture and sound quality on the DVD are excellent.
B00003CX95|5.0|This film made me want to don a kilt and make a grab for the nearest caber I could toss. Truly a film for every corporate cubicle dweller, dreaming of those long exstinct days of romance, heroic deeds, great causes and big swords, not to mention bad personal hygiene and nasty hovels. The scene where the English lord comes down from the castle to claim 'first night' with the young Scottish bride reminded me of that old British music hall line: &quot;Take my wife... Please!&quot;
0399103422|5.0|Many have seen the film, some have heard of the book.  To someone with no knowledge of Italian American culture or the values that comprise it this book is a miracle.  Yes , there is crime and murder but placed in a setting that puts the core values of Italians on a plate for all to see.  An organization dedicated to aiding where the American legal system is unable to is a very appealing ideal indeed. Loyalty, honor and fairness are all emphasised while drugs, corruption and easy money are despised.  Beyond all else there is a true lesson to be learned from this novel.  Though America opens its gates to everyone, it has allowed no allowance for foreign culture with foreign languages to assimilate America as is.  Thusly, behind the language barrier, anything can happen,  New rules are devised which are non-standard with American law and these cultures become a law unto themselves. Puzo says much with this book and everyone will profit in one way or another from reading it.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|I was very surprised by this album and maybe a little disappointed at first. But now i've realized how extraordinary this album is. It's probably Bjrk's most accomplished work to date and I think her voice is becoming more and more beautiful. Just listen to the joy we can feel when she sings &quot;clatter machines/what a magical sound/a room full of noises...&quot;in &quot;Cvalda&quot;. And personally i feel that &quot;New World&quot; is by far her most incredible song. It's so beautiful I sometimes just can't believe it. I always shiver when she sings: &quot;a new world, a new day to see...&quot;. A incredible line full of emotion and passion which sums up this jewel and Bjrk's career in general as she has always tried to discover a new world with her music. And I just can't wait to see what she will have discoverd next. Thank you Bjrk for creating this world...
B00000BKDZ|5.0|This is in my opinion one of the best Heavy Metal concept albums ever. Has an excellent story line to it. Very well produced. With stong songmanship on each song. I see so much talent in bands like maiden.for they are the ones out here still waving the flag in the name of heavy metal . SEventh son is an album that every heavy metal fans should have. I would recommend getting this if you don't already have it. Also those who are fans of concept type albums. Should check out king diamond . He is another one who is great with concept albums.
0684853523|5.0|Any one who has read a considerable deal of his books must know the feeling. How the hell does he do it? I wonder what goes on in his mind... This writer has fascinated me time and time again with his intriguing stories. <br />With this book I finally get an answer to some of these questions. I particularly like the first part of the book where you get a hold of the person Stephen King and the events that brought him to this present day. The setting in which he wrote the books, his state of mind and of course all the circumstances influencing his writing are so interesting to read...<br />He does his readers a big favor by sharing this information and I thank him for that.<br />The second part is a good lesson a person can do with what he wants to do with it. You do not necessarily need to be a potential writer to be interested in this stuff. As anybody tells his or her story from time to time you can learn from the best in what way you will have the biggest impact. And for all those who have said once:&quot;I would like to write a book sometime&quot; but you have never felt the real urge to do so, be aware,you might find yourself writing the first lines soon.
B00002E233|4.0|this movie is no 'jaws' but then again it isnt suppose to be. i liked it but that was because of ll cool j without him this movie was a 1. with him the movie is so much better. the other head guy is also a plus. but the worst part about the movie is they didnt get the charecters enough known to you so when they died i didnt care. i felt no sorrow. the best part of this though is when the action starts it doesnt stop. non stop! you cant even blink! so overall good movie but a few parts could have been fixed. (shout out to ll cool j, his acting was awsome!)
B00004NRWH|5.0|It has been so long since an album struck my soul like this one has.  I hear early Pearl Jam (Ten), Chris Cornell, and other early alternatives before so many over blown egos took away the raw energy.  The music is not pure angst, but more of an upbeat power drive.  Full of minor chords and changing tempos it shames such uninspiring, mind numbing melodys currently so popular.<br />The first four songs on the album are a tour de force.  If you are driving watch your speed because before you know it you'll be way over the speed limit.  The music has that kind of drive, and I not talking about the mindless drone of three power cords.<br />Do yourself a favor and get this CD, even if it takes Amazon time to find one.  You won't be disappointed.
B00004TJTQ|5.0|This movie is sooooo kewl---it's not just a dumb boy and a dog story though.  It tells how Willie (Frankie Muniz) grows up and accepts responsibility for taking care of a pet.  The ending is real sad---I cried when Frankie was crying when Skip was at the vet's clinic.
B00004ZAV3|1.0|I gave this one star so people would look at the truth. This deserves about 100 stars. The Beatles genious songwriting skills have proved that they are a band that has withstiood the test of time. Oh sure, bands like aerosmith, and Metallica, they to have become popular and been out for 10 + years. That nowa days is something that is amazing in itself. The Beatles however have gone for 40 years, and are still the best and may be forever the best creators of any rock that has ever lived. People say this Cd is a waste of time and money. Thats because nowadays people will listen to anything that has the F word used more than 2 times, and think that that is cool. This CD is a collection of some of the best songs ever made, go ahead and say o my band is cooler than yours, and that the Beatles are nothing but a waste of money... Well look whos sold who out.
0375501851|4.0|For someone who's only 24 years old,Ms. Smith has an incredible grasp of the human condition,a true sense of place and vivid charactors. A bit long-winded at times,but hey, it's her first book and a bloody good one at that!
B00004X01U|4.0|this is an amazing album in many ways. it starts with a techno-loaded bang, the chart topping &quot;Music.&quot; the other prime cuts are &quot;Runaway Lover&quot;--obvious message and foot tapping beat--&quot;I deserve it&quot;--soul-searching ballad--&quot;Don't tell me&quot;--easy to listen to and rootsy--and &quot;Gone&quot;--taking a turn toward girl a cappella harmony country. More annoying are the voice distortions on &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot; (and the irritatingly plain lyrics; &quot;I feel so sad, I feel so bad, sorry but-nobody's perfect,&quot; etc.) and the almost-but-not-quite-haunting &quot;Paradise.&quot; Still, this is an album that you don't get sick of easily, a definite gem in Madonna's crown. She will continue to make great music with different twists as long as we let her.
B00004X0Q0|4.0|I'm usually not one to give in to the hype surrounding bands, but the insistent buzz kept bothering me so I bought the cd without even hearing it.  At first the cd sounded a lot like sonic youth crossed with rage, but it kept growing on me, and like some other reviewers said, once I started playing it I couldn't stop.  I must admit I care more for the first song than the singles.  Arcarsenal is unbelievable.  Short, sweet and wonderful.  Can't wait to see what they turn out next.
B00000DHRZ|1.0|The Offspring's Americana was the first Offspring album I ever listened to. Unfortunetly, I found it to be unappealing. Why? Mostly on the &quot;most popular&quot; song &quot;Pretty Fly For A White Guy&quot;. The song I felt to be annoying the FIRST time around on the radio. I did buy Americana however, because I liked the song &quot;The Kids Aren't Alright&quot;. The only bad part is that it was the only song I truly enjoyed. As Roger Ebert would say, &quot;Thumbs Down.&quot;
B00000K0DT|5.0|As all the other Amazon reviewers, all your friends, and even your mother-in-law have said, this must rank among the best movies of the 1990s, if not of all time. I'll let all those reviews speak for themselves, and instead focus on why you should have this DVD of the movie, even if you know the plot backwards and forwards and quote your favorite lines with an obnoxious frequency.<br />The DVD is a must-have not only because it offers superb quality and near-perfect sound, but because you can set the audio track to suppress the dialogue and instead play running commentary director Brian Singer and writer Christopher McQuarrie. They fill you in on all the clues you've missed (and you have missed some, even if you've seen the movie before), on interesting facts about the characters and locations, on what it took to get the actors to give their performances, and, best of all, amusing anecdotes about filming. In one 30-second driving scene, for example, 28 seconds were shot in LA, while 2 seconds shot in NY (just a view of the front fender of a van) were added to the sequence much later. While the big screen and VHS give you the pictures and sound, only the DVD also provides the very valuable director's commentary. If you love the film, you'll love hearing about how it was made.
B00000J7RZ|2.0|Ok, now let's be honest: Jennifer Lopez always looks gorgeous and she definitely knows how to catch the public's attention, but she never was and never will be a great vocal talent. Like Janet Jackson, JLo relies largely on her much revealing outfits and eye-catching videos, rather than her music. All in all there are five songs on this album that I really like: &quot;no me ames (tropical mix, not the slow version)&quot;, &quot;let's get loud&quot; - the ultimate party song, &quot;if you had my love&quot;, &quot;waiting for tonight&quot; and &quot;feelin' so good&quot; - also the four singles released from the album. Coincidence, huh? I don't think so. None of those songs are terribly original, nor can they fall back on very intelligent lyrics. They're just a bunch of unpretentious party songs and that's all right with me. The rest of the album, I'm sorry to say, is absolute rubbish. So here's my advice to Miss Lopez: stick to acting, you're so much better at it and if you really can't repress the urge to make music, then stay away from the ballads, 'cause we've heard them all about a million times before!
6305922756|5.0|Don't hesitate to buy this DVD, even if you own the VHS edition. Loaded with goodies and extras, the DVD is a must for any Spinal Tap fan.
B00003CX95|3.0|\\"Braveheart\\", as a film, has many problems.  Many have noted its very slight grip on reality, its playing fast and loose with historical fact.  More than that, it is a clear demonstration of the Hollywood movie view of life:  make it bigger, louder, brasher;  rearrange all the parts and add in new ones, no matter how inconsistent, until there's something there for everyone;  keep it all full of colour-and-movement so no-one notices how fluffy and insubstantial it all is;  and who cares if it bares no comparison to anything truthful or real ?    \\"Braveheart\\" plays like a film designed by committee (very typical of Hollywood, that, but this film more than most):  scene after scene appears to have been constructed to appeal to particular demographic groups, and they roll on through the options as if going through a PR person's checklist.  Beyond that, there is the absurdity of Wallace's \\"relationship\\" with the French princess (who in real life was a little girl during Wallace's campaigns, and one he would never meet), the pandering to myth of using \\"prima nocta\\" as a clunky plot device, and a fairly complete misrepresentation of the politics of the Highland clans.  (Not to mention moving the \\"Act of Proscription\\" against Highland dress and culture backward in time by nearly 500 years !)    Perhaps worst of all, Gibson gives free reign to his infamous homophobia, undermining the plot's main antagonist and trading away dramatic tension for the sake of cheap sniggers.  And all the considerable energy the film has managed to muster is dissipated in the protracted last quarter of the film, where the director strives too hard -- and for far too long -- to make the same points he began the film with.    The real Wallace was a stirring and admirable figure, fully worthy of a large-scale movie.  But this one, disrespectful and misrepresentative as it is, isn't it.    The marks \\"Braveheart\\" gains here are for the vigour of its telling, and the sheer mechanics of an impressive production.  The marks lost are for the lost opportunities of telling a grand story.    As a movie, \\"Braveheart\\" is exciting, loud, and spectacular.  But it's also absurd, overblown and misguided.
B000051VWW|5.0|This particular song from the CD is quite beautiful.  However, after listening to the entire CD I have to say that I have waited a very long time for Sade to come out with another album and she has not disappointed me.  Her songs are mellow and soothing and tell great messages.  Hurrah to Sade.  She has always been one of my favorite performers and I sincerely hope that it is not another eight years before we hear from her again.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I have been a blink fan since they were a little known punk band from Poway. Every time i listen to this cd it gets better and better. I reccomend dude Ranch and Cheshire Cat as well.
B00004RHZU|5.0|If only I could Amazon would get rid of Rickey Wright. He doesnt understand good music. Anyway about the CD, this CD is so awesome! Split Personality is it's opening song and although it isnt the best on the album, it is still good to listen to. Most Girls is one of the best. I love this song and it talks about how she isn't like most girls who like guys for their money. There You Go is a good kiss-off song.You Make Me Sick is a really really good song and the 3rd release off the album.Do What You Do is my FAVORITE off this one. I dont know why, its just a really unique song and I think is musically ahead of its time. I think this whole CD will help the music industry grow into a more R&amp;B/pop world instead of the manufactured/pop one we live in now.
B000023VR9|5.0|I am a current rap fan, and this CD is tight.  I think i got this because of Forgot About Dre and The Next episode.  I was wrong.  Most songs are cool, but the only flaw is, the lyrics arent origional.  Who cares?  Here are my song reviews:  The Watcher:  A nice opening song Still D.R.E.:  A song about what dre thinks of rap.  Big Egos:  Ok but unorigional lyrics, I like the outro to this song  Xxplosive:  Deja Vu, you probably heard this song on the radio before.  Forgot About Dre:  My favorite The Next Episode:  A funky song with strange lyrics, this is another one you have heard on the radio  Murder Ink:  its all in the title.  Ed-ucation:  The uncensored version was funnier  Bang Bang!:  Funky beats but the girl who sings this sounds corney.  I think the part where dre says eminem cant cock a shotgun is funny (no offense Eminem).  The message:  Good, unique album close.  This one touched me especially because I have a brother who fights with me alot.  A hip hop song with a tablespoon of R&amp;B.  Dre Definately delivers a good message about how he now misses his brother.  <br />Overall a tight CD.  I would recommend the censored version for rappers under 15 years old.
B00000J2PH|5.0|Having had the record album many years ago, I was happy to get the CD. It is a wonderful CD by a prolific and talented songwriter who just happens to be a most expressive singer. Who better to sing her songs.<br />Without a doubt, the best track on the CD is &quot;Will You Love Me Tomorrow&quot;. Not only is the music terrific and the singing expressive, the lyrics to this song are pure poetry. &quot;It's Too Late&quot;, &quot;You've Got a Friend&quot;, and  &quot;Tapestry&quot; are some of the other golden tracks on this CD.<br />There is not, however, one bad track on this CD, and there are not too many CDs about which one may say this. The CD liner also includes the lyrics to the songs on it. It is definitely a CD without which no music library should be.
0452282152|5.0|Oh, wow, folks, this is a great one. This tale of two families, one of emotional poverty the other merely poor, drew me in as fast as I could read. I chose the book because of its combination of artist and historical atmosphere, but got an engrossing, touching, and well-plotted story as well. It feels as if Chevalier has truthfully captured the sad, proud tale of an anonymous, enigmatic girl painted by Vermeer (the real Painter of Light). Reviwers seem deeply split: yes, it is slow, because scenes and characters are fully developed, not always enviable human beings, and little overt action takes place, in this intimate look at family lives and the ties that bind (as in rub). Who knows what Vermeer's family life was really like? Chevalier imagines a great deal from the details of one painting, and convincingly so in at least the novelistic sense. <br />Appropriately in a story that concerns (but is not exactly about) a great painter, Chevalier wonderfully expresses the play of color and light in her descriptions. Chevalier's writing style is expert, smooth and observant, and produces a richly evocative sense of place and social condition in one corner of Delft, Holland, in 1664. I found far more than I had sought in this memorable novel. A quality paperback, too. The only improvement would be an edition with more vignettes of the paintings mentioned.
1572522089|5.0|does anyone else think lady kaede is pretty ugly?
B000002579|5.0|This album is a milestone in the annals of progressive rock. If you've just heard a Kansas song or two on the radio you might class them in the same file as such AOR bands as Journey and Boston. But if you listen to an actual Kansas album, such as this masterpiece, then it's obvious that their songcraft and musicianship are far and away above the likes of those bands, and indeed the majority of rock bands. Everyone knows Carry On My Wayward Son is a classic. The guitar playing on this song is absolutely outstanding. The Wall is a very nice piece with some truly deep lyrics. Miracles Out of Nowhere is another absolutely outstanding track. Cheyenne Anthem is great as well, and Magnum Opus is an instrumental tour-de-force. Pick up this album if you enjoy great songcraft and musicianship, or if you're tired of hearing the same old love songs and you want music with a meaning.
0446310786|5.0|To Kill a Mockingbird was a great book and now one of my favorites.  The begining was really kind of boring but as I read on, I just didnt want to put the book down. Jem, Dill and Scout were very courageous in the book.  They had a lot of courage for little kids.  I just thought that this book was great and more and more people should read it.  So if you are a person who hasnt read this book yet, I suggest you go out and either buy the book or rent it from your library.  You can also check out the movie &quot;To Kill a Mockingbird&quot;
B000001FRY|4.0|&quot;Boy&quot; is one of the most impressive debut albums in the history of rock.  The sound of this album was essentially unanticipated; at a stroke, U2 had achieved a unique style that would remain theirs throughout their long career.  This is largely due to the contribution of the Edge; he was and is one of rock's most inventive guitarists.  Bono has yet to achieve maturity as a singer and songwriter, but he is certainly full of youthful enthusiasm.  The individual songs here are not really what is important - what give this album its vitality was its spirit of discovery.  Here was something truly new.
6301647734|5.0|This screwball comedy features so many screwballs that it is hard to choose a favorite!  From rich Aunt Ethel who thought everyone was dead, to the convict Mr. Miggles who reads the society pages, to Judge Gaffney who walks everywhere (see the movie to understand why) to the family of Veta, Myrtle Mae and Elwood -- this movie takes a witty, madcap, but loving look at humanity.  Each character, even if a minor one, is treated with humor, but also with kind respect, much as Elwood Dowd/Jimmy Stewart regards them.  The crisp, clear black and white film flatters even dowagers and convicts, much as an Alfred Eisenstaedt photograph does.  One gets a sense that even in madness, hypocrisy and failure, there is still something to be cherished in each human being, and something to rejoice over.  The &quot;sane&quot; people in this movie slowly learn this from Elwood and his pooka.  This movie achieves what Eisenstaedt said about his photography -- &quot;It's more important to click with people than to click the shutter.&quot;
6303422020|1.0|The original &quot;Creepshow&quot; with its immense all-star cast is a seminal, campy, highly energized and creative sendup of the comic horror genre, a gem of a hybrid piece wrought out of a labour of true love for mixing media molecules.  Inspired, nonpareil fun.<br />This &quot;sequel&quot; is anything BUT true to the original, and owes more to &quot;Friday the 13th&quot; sophomoric cinematic sensibilities than anything remotely redeemable horrifically.  C2 does to C1 what &quot;Aliens&quot; (Cameron's unsubtle sequel) did to Ridley Scott's artful, original &quot;Alien,&quot; or what Hollywood's &quot;Point of No Return&quot; did to France's &quot;La Femme Nikita.&quot;  In a word-- &quot;massacres&quot; the muse.<br />As bad or worse as C2 is than even something as atrocious as &quot;Exorcist 2&quot; (hard to imagine anything much worse than this shy of &quot;Plan 9 from...&quot;), I came away from the cinema feeling much less certain of the continuing genius of even horror master mavin effects magician himself, Tom Savini.  Which isn't really fair to blame Savini for any of this dreck.  Nobody could've probably saved C2.  It rightfully belongs where it began no doubt, strewn on the editing room floor, rather than in the hands of you the buyer.<br />Lack of inspiration speaks for itself.  C2 ranks right down there with a &quot;raft&quot; of other decidedly unKingly cinematic forays, including but not limited to &quot;Maximum OverDrive,&quot; &quot;Children of the Corn,&quot; &quot;Pet Sematary,&quot; &quot;Christine,&quot; and &quot;Graveyard Shift.&quot;  Not that King himself necessarily had anything to do with some of this dross.  Yet we've come and known to expect GREATER things from &quot;our King&quot; and his consorts like the usually incomparable George Romero, yet sometimes, as is the case unfortunately here, &quot;le roi est mort.&quot;  Uncork C1 again instead - &quot;vive le roi.&quot;
B000002UAR|5.0|This is not only the best Beatles album but the best album of all time by anybody anywhere.Every song is an essential rock classic.Buy it!!!
0875847706|5.0|I usually don't read self-help books because they don't work for me. This book is different. It made me realize just how much of my own happiness and success are already under my control and how much the way I choose to think shapes my life. It's already made a big difference for me. And it's beautifully written and engrossing--I read it in one sitting. Now I find myself re-reading sections that particularly apply to my situation. I recommend this book whole-heartedly!
B000002UDB|3.0|Disappointing.Only I Am the Walrus and Strawberry Fields redeem this mess.And this is coming from a diehard Beatles fan.
6305922756|5.0|This is the movie that turned me on to Christopher Guest's unique style of subtle comedy (though This is Spinal Tap is hardly subtle).  After watching Best of Show and Waiting for Guffman, it's clear that this is disproportionately Guest's movie, despite the (obvious and extremely beneficial) shared writing credits between him, McKean, Shearer, and Reiner.<br />I recommend this movie to pretty much everyone who has an interest in music (especially the music of the 60's, 70's, and 80's) and a healthy sense of humor.  No one is immune to this satire, with pretty clear (and not so clear) jabs at the Beatles, The Who, Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath, and countless other groups.  Add to that a &quot;fake&quot; music group that has about as much musical talent as some of the &quot;real&quot; groups from the era that they're satirizing, and you've got a masterpiece of a movie.<br />This DVD takes it another step and adds in over an hour of cut footage that adds a lot to the story, and adds a lot more laughs.  It would have been nice to have the option to plug the outtakes back into the movie in their original places (like in the X-Men DVD), but merely having them there is a big plus in itself.  Other extras, like commentary from the characters, music videos for some of their songs, multiple trailers and TV advertisement spots, and other more minor extras make this a must have DVD for anyone who enjoys this type of movie.
0671004107|5.0|No, I don't know the movie. But the movie cannot be much better than the book. This is Science Fiction at its best: demonstrating the impact of technology and research on our societies.  Astronomer Ellie is participating in the search for extraterrestial intelligence and discovers a message sent to earth from the stars. The decoding of the message reveals the plans for building a machine of unknown purpose. And after the construction is finished, Ellie finds herself as part of a crew going boldly to unknown worlds where nobody has gone before (sorry about the comparison).<br />Of course, the entire project encounters several difficulties: Ellie's education as an astronomer (hey, she's a girl), some problems getting the research grants, diplomatic difficulties (the book was written in the early 1980s - before Glasnost and Perestroika), religious fundamentalism, political issues, the power of big industrial companies etc. One might argue that Sagan drags the story's flow a bit when he describes the problems decoding the message and building the machine, but he probably knows far too well that scientific progress is slow, tedious, and not always a straight path. <br />I am amazed that none of my fellow reviewers complained about the scientific content. Here Sagan is the good old educator again, fighting for popularizing science: Several technical details are described and explained; and the funny thing is, of course, that most of the stuff is at least scientifically possible. (If you are more interested how it works, try Jim Al-Khalili's &quot;Black Holes, Wormholes, and Time Machines&quot;. I have also a review on that...)<br />Sagan's book has a strong emphasis on the relation between religion and science which still seems to be of particular importance in the United States. The novel suggests (especially the ending) that science and religion are not opposites but complement each other and that there are signs of the divine (the numinous, as Ellie calls it) in science as well as scientific moments in religion.<br />Read the book.
0613033574|5.0|There is some indescribable force that drives young men to seek conquest and unequivocal tasks that write a legacy about themselves.  This book, although eventually tragic, was a full-course meal for my appetite for adventure.  I empathize with Alexander McCandless and envy him for what he was able to do during his short stint with manhood.  I have done some crazy things myself in life, but nothing that holds a candle to the freedom that he must have felt right up until his death.
0553278223|5.0|There was a time when people still believed in Martians - real Martians. This was a time when a dying race roamed around a dying, dry world, oblivious to the activities of humans on Earth. It is this romantic notion of the early twentieth century that The Martian Chronicles begins with and continues onto what we would now consider an impossible future.<br />Each chapter is it's own self-contained story and some of them have clever, entertaining twists that remind me of old Star Trek episodes. If you read science fiction you must make sure that Martian Chronicles is one on your list.<br />P.S. When someone asks me have I read 'Martian Chronciles' I now say yes!
B00004YZFR|5.0|Great stuff...By the way Blaine,PA stands for PUBLIC ADDRESS not POWER AMPS! I hate rock illiterates
B0000021RB|5.0|After 30+ years, this album, Chicago Transit Authority, remains the BEST of the BEST of &quot;Chicago&quot; and is my favorite album by them....you can't lose with this album!  BUY IT TODAY!!!!!!
0767802470|5.0|What U571 is to Hollywood is what Das Boot is to the real world. If you could ever imagine what life was like aboard a U-boat, this is as close as you can come without having been there. =2 In Search of Private Ryan. Bummer of an ending, but quite appropriate!
B000007U6W|5.0|A masterpiece of synthesizer music. An interesting thing to note is that the music works just as well when used for soft background, as it does when cranked up loud. The &quot;Comet Melody&quot; is one that just begs to be turned up loud and played again.Hear the album once and you have to play it again...
0805062971|4.0|Honestly I havent read the book, but I have the movie and I loved it. I know every conversation in it by heart. But what moved me was neither book nor the movie. I wanted to share my thoughts about how ironic it is to agree with whatever the book says and not see that by seeing the movie or buying the book we consume and become a bigger and bigger part of the &quot;consuming society&quot;. Both movie and book are kind of humiliating us and points out our sheep instincts. If we really find Fight Club's ideas right, then we have to question our life and that includes Fight Club which at that point had been in a part of our life. You might say &quot;dont think too deeply about a movie&quot; but besides all the action and blood, it has a lot of philosophical meesages that brings very basic questions. As Tyler says &quot;that's what I think and I could be wrong&quot;, but whatever happens (at least to understand what I'm saying) watch the movie or read the book. At the end you'll feel like you've been beaten up.
B00004XOWM|5.0|First of all I'd like to say to all the people that have given this album a bad review - if you don't like it, it wasn't ment for you.<br />Personally I think this is the Limp's best album. One of my fav tracks &quot;Hot Dog&quot; averages about four f**ks per line. I think that Limp's rock/rap tracks are phatt such as &quot;Getcha Groove on&quot; and &quot;Rollin (urban assault vehicle)&quot;. However I think that some of the 'deep' song sound a bit daft with Wes plucking away in the background like that. One of the albums strenghs has to be Fred's childishness which brings raw power to tracks like &quot;Rollin'&quot; &quot;Full Nelson&quot; and &quot;Take a Look Around&quot;<br />However overall this is an an album worth every penny. Buy It.
B00003CX8J|5.0|Finally, a movie based on a comic book that actually remains faithful to the original book and characters.  Of course if you're talking about the X-Men, you're talking subject matter that is more mature on many levels than most comics books.  The story line goes head on into the racism and fear of mutants, people born with genetic differences that don't surface until they hit puberty and give them never seen before gifts that allow them to do pretty amazing things, some incredibly beautiful, others intensely frightening.  Professor Charles Xavier (perfectly cast and portrayed by Patrick Stewart) is their unsung savior as a wealthy father figure who takes in these young people to try to mold them into something positive.   On the other end of the spectrum is a jaded and bitter Magneto, also portrayed well by Ian McKellen, who believes that normal humans have had their chance and now something has to be done to show them that mutants are superior.  Xavier's Senior students, Cyclops, Jean Gray and Storm help new found mutants Rogue and Wolverine discover who they are and what may lie in the future.  The actions scenes are unique and original.  All the actors give solid performances, especially Jackman, and Halle Berry impressed me with her Kenyan accent.  I hope she speaks more in the sequel.  The DVD is excellent for true fans because it's obvious that Director Brian Singer wanted so much more for this movie but just wasn't allowed to have it.  Time, budget and a last minute search for someone to play Wolverine caused serious constraints.  Considering the obstacles and the bad luck of past comic-book-to-movie adaptations, this one scores high and pleases fans and normal folks alike.  It stands for something more than just heroes and villians, and it gives us a story about people, no matter who they are or what they can do.  Buy this, if you have not already.
068484267X|4.0|...Boy am I glad I got this book - it is a real treasure. This book tells a great story and is really interesting (though also very depressing). Highly recommended.
B00004Z4WR|4.0|Ok, it's not Oscar material, but neither was the first one.  In fact, in almost every way, this film is superior to the original 1974 movie of the same name.  The cars are hotter, the story is a little more solid, if not having a thin plot, and the acting is certainly better thanks to the talents of Nick Cage, Angelina ... Jolie, and Delroy Lindo.  The only disappointment is the shorter car chase at the end.  I was really hoping for another 40 minute car chase with updated cinematography and special effects.  But alas, no, although the car certainly had more gusto then the original and it was certainly just as fun to watch.  It's also a blast for every car enthusiast to see all the various exotic and rare four wheeled beauties this movie shows off.  Everything from a Luxury SUV Yukon (seems kind of strange to me though) to a Daytona Charger (banned from Nascar in the 70's because it was too fast) to the star of the movie, Eleanor.  That's right, this movie may have Cage, Lindo and Jolie pulling off decent performances with a meager script, but just like in the '74 original movie, the hopped up GT 500 Mustang with outside pipes and a paint job with attitude steals every scene she's in...I mean, that IT'S in.  Cage tries to work with this lovely lady in the scenes he shares with her...I mean, IT...but he can't keep up.  If you like cars, and I'm not talking to just guys, I know there are plenty of women out there who look at cars and drool as well even if they don't know who makes it, then this movie is good for pure entertainment purposes.  Don't expect much and you won't be disappointed.
0805062971|5.0|Not to get too deep, but Chuck Palahniuk has seemigly taken the (Wilhelm) Reichian blueprint for the downfall of man as it relates to his own subconscious self fulfilling prophecy and woven it into a FANTASTIC, highly contemporary read!  I was not expecting to enjoy this book this much!!<br />The characters are vivid and incredibly human.  You will pick out characters in the book and add the names of people you know; likely even visualising the people you know as being the character!  I've never been so. . .so. . . COMPELLED to finish a book in one sitting.  It is simply that good!<br />In an attempt to NOT reveal anything in the book, I will say that your enjoyment of the book is magnified by knowing anything at all about Reichian philosophy- Wilhelm Reich was an absolute flippin' lunatic- However his theories are the basis for much of our psychology today.<br />I strongly recommend this book!  For any of you that have read my other reviews, youwill know that I RARELY give 5 stars. . .
B00003CXE7|5.0|With the era of Roman Empire movies gone for so long, the public was aching for this movie so bad, but they didn't even know it, until they saw it.  Thank god Ridley Scott has made an incredible movie that is not just something to fill that aching void.  This movie is as epic and glorious as they come.  The Roman Empire was built on brutal force and conquering of lesser civilizations.  It is made abundantly clear in the beginning as the Roman army, in full force, take on the resisting Germanians (German Barbarians), with one commander stating 'People should know when they are conquered'.  Russell Crowes character, The General Maximus, replies, 'Would you?  Would I?'  This sets the tone as Russell so skillfully plays a Military Hero who desperately wants to go home to his farm and spend the rest of his days with his family.  In true Roman loyalty though, he is asked by the Ceaser to take his place, played very well by Richard Harris, who could easily leave this as his final role.<br />Maximus' journey from here is not a pretty one.  Typical Roman behavior ensues.  Murder, betrayal, lies, politics....Crowe plays his charater so well in placing Maximus' desires so close to reality.  He is the one grounded personality in a pit full of snakes.  It seems this movie takes place at a time closer to the fall of the empire.  With that comes much political intrigue as well as bloody violence as the games get started.  Vengance is the driving force behind Crowe's character.  He plays it so well that for once, the villian, Joaquin Phoenix finally doesn't outact the hero.  Nonetheless, everyone plays their roles so skillfully and the direction is still incredible.  Ridley Scott hasn't had a project this juicey in years and he seemed to master every detail.  The recreation of Rome is awesome, especially the Colliseum. A feat attributed to the incredible advancement of computer graphics.  The atmosphere is almost that of any modern day sporting event, only more blood and no multi-million dollar contracts.  Scott stays clear of Roman stereotypes like fig leaves and togas and gives a more realistic look at the Roman society.  Dangerous, bloody, deceitful.  Gladiator succeeds on so many levels that it was no wonder Scott was granted the job of bringing Hannibal Lecture back to the big screen.  This timeless director of such great movies like Alien and Blade Runner seems to have found new motivation.  The extra material alone is worth the price of buying this movie.
6305078564|4.0|I saw this mini-series on a PBS station a few years ago and fell in love with it. Then I saw it for sale at a local video/music store - on DVD... it is long - but it's length is what makes it so involving.<br />I truly wanted to be IN the movie - the acting is amazing, and the entire movie is wrought with Jane Austen's cutting-sarcasm that makes her STILL one of the first *real* feminists. She spoke out against the traditions of the English, but all-the-while remained a part of it. She truly is a genious.<br />Colin Firth is now on my 'cutey' list - and he makes you hate him so much you love him. If you liked the Hollywood-version of Sense and Sensibility, you will ADORE this DVD set. Highly-recommended.
B0000542DJ|4.0|In response to garbages complaints, you have got to look a little deeper into the facts of this case.  The distance that Oswald had to shoot from was considered 'Expert range'.  Oswald was not a prize marksman.  And he was using a mediocre weapon.  They had experts shoot the same distance with the same type of gun and they could barely make the shot on 90% of the attempts.  Oliver Stone's depiction is riveting, no doubt, but I'm sure he takes plenty of liberties.  He is liberal as hell and loves to create controversy.  The movie is still full of real facts, including the reaction of Kennedy's body when he was shot and the muzzle flash from the knoll.  THERE WAS DEFINITELY ANOTHER PERSON SHOOTING AT KENNEDY'S CAR.  There are other facts that raise a lot of questions as well.  The route of the motorcade, Oswalds motive, Ruby's death.  If you want to create an opinion, get information from more than one source.  This debate has been going on for a long time and we know there have been cover ups and undisclosed information.  Posner's book is most likely a jaded and one sided opinion.  The movie is fantastic, it makes you ask a lot of questions.  Good performances, one of Costner's best, with a very good accent.  John Candy makes a suprising and impressive dramatic turn.  All others; Tommy Lee Jones, Kevin Bacon, Joe Pesci, Sissy Spacek, Donald Sutherland and Gary Oldman all contribute greatly and make this a facinating movie based on historical fact.  No movie should be confused with a history lesson.  That's why I gave it four stars.
B0000028UK|5.0|Any songwriter who can spin Michael Jackson lyrics into a tune about the decline of humanity is OK in my book. Everybody is so down on &quot;Rats&quot;. Why? That's a sweet song. When this record came out that bassline was stuck in my head for weeks. I loved it; still do.<br />How quickly we forget. Also at the time, &quot;Blood&quot; was probably the most anticipated song before the record was released. Now everybody is saying it's a 'throwaway track'. There was an article in Rolling Stone about PJ (the one with the band on the cover and Eddie in the mask. That picture happened to be taken at the Bowl and Pitcher in Riverside State Park, in my hometown, the lovable and exciting Spokane, Washington. See above.) that talked about songs from the new album. Featured among them was &quot;Daughter&quot; and &quot;Rearviewmirror&quot;. But more prominently they talked about the next big Pearl Jam anthem, &quot;Blood&quot;. Funny how things turn out. <br />Maybe the same people in charge of promoting &quot;Blood&quot; also came up with the idea of booking Emilio Estevez alongside Pearl Jam on SNL. Remember that? Right after Kurt crooked? The biggest rock band in the world side by side with a guy plugging &quot;The Mighty Ducks&quot;. That performance was truly amazing and touching. PJ perfomed &quot;Daughter&quot; as well as &quot;Not For You&quot; (which seemed particularly fitting that evening, I thought it had been written for Cobain.) There might have been another song too, I can't remember, that was when artists on SNL were actually allowed to play more than one song. The touching part was at the very end when the whole cast was standing around and Emilio was doing the obligatory &quot;Thank yous&quot;. He moved to give Eddie a little hug, which Eddie backed away from. I guess in a kind of 'don't touch me, I'm emotionally frail' kind of gesture. Moments later Eddie opened his coat revealing a &quot;K&quot; on his shirt, over his heart. Much had been made of that supposed feud. But anyone watching could see the genuine emotion behind the gesture.<br />One more thing, &quot;Animal&quot; rules.
B00003CX95|5.0|Mel Gibson is one of my favorite entertainers. Ever since I first saw him in Mad Max, I always thought he was a down to earth guy with immense talent. The first movie Gibson directed, Man Without a Face, was very good but not as well noticed. With Braveheart, he put 130% into his work, and it shows. He was more concerned with how the entire movie came out then with his own performance. Although he was very good, the entire movie is spectacular and emotional. Never have I seen a movie that so gracefully moves from scenes of delicate emotion to utter and total bloody brutality, and right back to heartfelt emotion. There is so much going on with these characters that they all stand out. Patrick McGoohan turns in an especially evil performance as the King. It is so easy to fall in love with Catherine McCormick, who plays his wife at the start, that you fall right in with William Wallace from the beginning after her demise. Sophie Marceau is just as captivating as the French Princess. Gibson surrounds himself with talented and unknown actors who support him, and the movie, so well. The film is epic, and totally enthralling. The scenery is gorgeous, the music soundtrack by James Horner is the most beautiful and haunting piece of work he has ever done. At over 3 hours long, it grabs hold of you and moves at such an efficient pace that you don't realize when the 3 hours are up. Gibson did a great editing job with his people and makes sure the story keeps your intrest. Anyone who complains about historical inaccuracies should listen to Gibson's commentary on the DVD. He knows full well that many things in the film are not true and admits to cinematic licensing...in other words, it's just a movie, not a history lesson. The true story of William is not far off in his defeating of the Engliah army at Sterling and his torturous execution, which in real life was much worse then what is shown in the movie. Much can be debated about the true history of William Wallace, as it is truthfully mentioned at the beginning of the film, 'History is written by those who have hanged heroes...'. Mel has not directed a movie since this one, and I can't blame him. He won an Oscar for best Director, and the movie won for best film. How can you top that?
B0000027RL|5.0|Good for self! You found good music recording of rock people. The Edgar Vedder is most happy listen to songs he sing about. He wear styling flannel garment. He have psychotic look for face in televised video called Jeremy. This band can been my most best, ever since me smaller man. Some song liking by me, including Gardening and Alert. To make happy times for self, obtain this songs!
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A is a fascinating, intriguing record. Not entirely successful, but the greatest art has flaws. It drags during the second half, and some of the songs seem a little meaningless, (treefingers), the moments of sheer inspiration and craftsmanship throughout the running length confirm it as an extradinary album. The opening track, &quot;Everything In Its Right Place&quot;, is an almost spiritual song, with a muted ambience. This song varies so much from the typical rock record, opening the album with understatement and melancholy. &quot;The National Anthem&quot; can go down as one of the best rock songs of the past ten years, with its subtly controlled descent into chaos. And &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; further proves that Radiohead, past all artsy intentions, can still right songs heavy with emotions, in the tradition of some of Lou Reed's more skillful work. Radiohead is brilliant, but flawed. A required purchase, but be aware you are not buying 12 radio friendly pop songs.
B00003XACV|4.0|I have heard this CD and I am gonna purchase it, I think it is very creative with the superb use of Marimbas and Vibraphones, Alot of Classical Piano and Orchestral blends it all nicely together, Definately well recommend, I've started to hear a new track from this cd on the RADIO called &quot;American Dream&quot; It's a Dance re make of the DEAD Again track, VEry fast very catchy. If they were to release a Special edition soundtrack this would be worth being on it.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Few movies come along during our lives that make us stop in our tracks and take notice.  The star-loaded action movies always grab attention but that is to be expected.  Gladiator doesn't fall into that genre.  Ridley Scott's epic of Roman General, Maximus (played by Russel Crowe) is a movie that commands attention.  From the intricately detailed by battle sequences at the beginning to the monstrous recreation of Rome (albeit computer enhanced), Gladiator is every bit as good as the critics and media have praised it to be.  <br />Since buying the DVD version shortly after Christmas, having seing it when it first came out in theaters in May, I've only enhanced my appreciation for it.  As it says on the case &quot; The General who became a slave.  The Slave who became a gladiator.  The Gladiator who defied an emperor.&quot;  That is really all of the story that you need to know if you have not seen this film.  To give any more away spoils the movie.  <br />On the musical side, Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard composed a score that is as moving as it is dramatic.  Nearly of the score coincides directly with key points in the film and add just that extra touch to the scene.  I don't think there has been a score quite to match it in the last few years.<br />Comparisions with Braveheart and other movies like it are evident but this film stands on it's own.  Crowe, Joaquin Phoenix (as Commodus) and Scott give their all in the movie of the year for 2000.  Anyone who hasn't yet seen Gladiator owes it to themselves to purchase it.  You won't regret it.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This is limp Bizkit's best cd. Songs like Rollin, My Generation, Full Nelson, My Way, Livin It Up, Getcha Groove On, M:i-2 theme, and Boiler make this a great cd. I am a huge Limp Bizkit fan and have all their cds. No they did not sell out, like all talented muscians they change their style from album to album by just a little. To all the idiots out their who say they sold out after Three Doller Bill, shut up and go listen to something else.
038533348X|5.0|If you've never read Kurt Vonnegut before, then you face a slight dilemma.  You have two options available to you (well, really you've got more than two, but as long as you're reading this, I'm running the show and I say you've only got two):<br />1) You can read a slew of other Vonnegut books and build up to reading &quot;Cat's Cradle,&quot; or<br />2) You can read &quot;Cat's Cradle&quot; and be so entirely blown away that no Vonnegut book will ever again live up to your newly inflated expectations.<br />That said, &quot;Cat's Cradle&quot; is an absolute must read for anyone and everyone over the age of birth.  To summarize Vonnegut's crazy, whacked out plot would be an exercise in futility: it's got something to do with the father of the atomic bomb and his three bizarre children and the narrator who will chronicle their story as they get mixed up with the inhabitants of the island of San Lorenzo, all of whom are Bokononists.  Confused yet?  You should be.  Throw in a little bit of ice-nine, a chemical that can feasibly bring about the end of the world, and you might have a slight inkling of the pieces of Vonnegut's puzzle.<br />Still, for all of the crazy characters and situations in &quot;Cat's Cradle,&quot; it's ultimately a brilliant satire of the Cold War; at one particular moment a character realizes the importance of dichotomies, why we must believe the other is &quot;evil&quot; for us to be able to see ourselves as &quot;good&quot; and how absurd such things are, how phony and constructed they are.  At the heart of all this is Vonnegut's brilliant metaphor for the cat's cradle, and it's a beauty.<br />Even if all this political satire doesn't grab you, just the way in which Vonnegut manages to throw a dozen ridiculous balls in the air and keep them well juggled and catch them all with grace by the final page is testament to his skill.  &quot;Cat's Cradle&quot; is a book that'll make you sit up and think, but will also make you laugh out loud and maybe even touch you emotionally, particularly during the American ambassador to San Lorenzo's speech.  It's so gut wrenching and absurd and oh so wonderfully written that you'll be hooked before you even realize it.  Read it; this is as good as it gets.n touch you emotionally, particularly during the American ambassador to San Lorenzo's speech.  It's so gut wrenching and absurd and oh so wonderfully written that you'll be hooked before you even realize it.  Read it; this is as good as it gets.
B00004XQ83|5.0|It encourages me to see the sacrifices of people like Norman Blake receiving their due for having been true to American Music for so many years.  Were it not for people like Blake, Doc Watson and others, this vibrant, heartfelt reflection of American heritage would be no more.<br />This project, especially Blake's rendition of You Are My Sunshine, takes me back to the days when my grandfather would sing these great old songs to me.  If you have a warm place in your heart for the past -- this CD is a must have!
0679721037|5.0|The book Hiroshima, written by John Hersey, is a great book to read.  The book gives a magnificent portrayal of the struggles that the people of Hiroshima went through after the bombing by the Americans during World War II.  The constantly changing point of view, in each section of the five chapters, might be confusing, but it keeps the book moving at a steady pace and makes the reader want to find out what will happen next to each person.  The different stories of each suvivor shows how ever person, no matteer if they were rich or poor, young or old, helped as many people as they could, no matter if they were friends or not.  Also, the book gives a feeling of almost being there with the people and feeling their pain and suffering from burns, cuts, and anything else that happened to them.  The book also shows the people's fear of another attack on the city by the Americans.      The changing of characters adds depth to the story, by adding to the main plot.  These additions help explain what happened to them during and after the dropping of the atomic bomb.  The styles, way of life, and fears that people had during the late 1940's and early 1950's is also greatly displayed within the entire book.  The main focus, in some cases, is not the dropping of the atomic bomb, but rather the people coming togther for one cause and dealing with the tragedy of losing loved ones and how they will rebuild there city.  Each character also changesin different ways after the horrific events of World War II and the bombing.      If I had to recommend a book to a person thats likes World War II history or someone that just likes to read it would definitely be this book.  It would be this book cause of the time it took to write and the readability of the book.
B00004XONN|1.0|This is trash ~ they ought to give it away for free~ why anyone would pay anything for this is beyond me.  Resembles a gang of infants who cut loose on a set of synthesizers.  No musical value.  For those who buy, do yourself a favor and take some aspirin before you play it, you'll be glad you did.
B000002A3T|2.0|Pink Floyd has gone through it's various stages. There was a brief period of time following Syd's departure where they labored at developing their compositional skills but still came up with some interesting sounds. Their most successfull phase was from Meddle through The Wall where they consistently recorded well developed thematic epics (although I can live without The Wall). Then came the disintegration of a once brilliant band. It can perhaps be traced back to The Wall where Waters began to so dominate the band that it sounded more and more like solo Waters efforts with the rest of the lads backing him.  The Final Cut should really be regarded as the beginnings of Waters solo career as one is hard pressed to gather any sense of a band performance here.  The trouble with the post-Waters era (I am not a fan of his solo works-too bitter tasting)is that with his departure so went the fire and the passion.  This recording is the best of the post-Roger work but that's not saying much. With the exception of the last two cuts it's just a bit on the monotonous side, dull...as dishwater.  Gilmour can still play well but his singing and songwriting is passionless here, Wright sounds better than he has since Animals and Mason's drumming is finally back to an untreated production sound. Still, this disc doesn't stand up particularly well.  Get More, Meddle, Obscured by the Clouds, Dark Side, Wish You Were Here, Animals and Relics. The Syd led Floyd recordings sound quite dated at this point (I prefer his solo efforts) Ummagumma and Atom Heart Mother are rudderless experimentalism. Anything, following Animals only detracts from their legacy. Give this one a pass..Simon
B000035Z3K|5.0|This is a must for your DVD collection. It is Dracula. Ok, we all know the story so here is the rest. This DVD has the version directed by Tod Browning with Bela Lugosi in it as Dracula. There isn't much to say other than its fantastic. If only the production company hadn't cut some of Browning's other erie scenes. This DVD also contains the spanish version which is around 20 minutes longer and almost as equally good but it lacks the charisma of Lugosi. Get it and compare for yourself!! I enjoyed many of the actors better in the spanish version with the exception of Lugosi, Dwight Frye, and the american version of Martin's character.  Those are better in the american version than in the spanish version.
0140378502|4.0|This was a great novel telling of the secretive and not so secretive anguish of two sisters.  Love and broken hearts play a large role in the plot, and, at times, it is a little much.  You really feel your heart going out to the two sisters, feeling their pain.  This is an extraordinary story. However, after reading Pride and Prejudice before this one I was a little dissapointed.  None the less, this is a must read for anyone who enjoys stories of english society, stories of love, and other Jane Austin novels.
B00001ZWTS|1.0|...including worst screen couple &amp; worst picture. Need I say more?
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Although it would be easy to criticize the remaining Beatles for continuously repackaging their catalog material, this CD fills a gap which has been missing.  Not everyone is willing to invest $35 in one or both of the two-disc &quot;Red and Blue&quot; albums.  This CD fills that void, especially for teenagers.  And why not a collection of their Number Ones?  For those who seem to feel that these songs are not among The Beatles' best work -- PUH-LEASE!.  Name one song from this CD that sounded even similar to anything else that was out there at the time of its original release.  It's folly to suggest that the Beatles didn't release what they felt was their very best material as singles -- of course they did.  All artists do.  Anyone who doesn't think this CD is a collection of some of the greatest songs of the rock era needs to have his head examined.
0062502182|5.0|Coelho is a genius. This simple tale teaches a timeless lesson.  A classic that everyone should read and enjoy.  Don't miss it.
0790729628|2.0|First off the Director's Cut blatantly disregards most of the book especially at the end.  But since I am inclined to base my rating on the DVD itself, I'll not count that against it.  My big complaint with Bladerunner is that the movie was released with two versions and only one is present on the DVD.  Thus, the viewer is forced to watch the Director's Cut.  The DVD is also a little shy on extras.  The movie itself isn't too bad, although its pace is a tad slower than many other good science fiction movies and may cause many viewers to become bored.  I suggest holding off on purchasing this DVD as it is rumored to be scheduled for re-release around December of this year.  Hopefully the new release will have both versions of the film and the additional extras such a famous film deserves
0525945636|3.0|My thoughts are similar to others:  this is an average book by an average writer. The concept is okay and the intermittent flashbacks are well done and necessary. Still, the book lacks in many places. Characters are poorly developed and you have a hard time buying their later actions. They seem to change on a dime, and motives are constantly in question. There is absolutely no suspense or mystery, as anybody can figure out who the bad guys are in a matter of a few chapters. Follett unintentionally spells it all out for the readers. I hesitate to point out specifics because I do not wish to spoil the read, but lets just say he leaves little to the imagination.<br />For a description of the story, please read Amazon's editorial or some other reviews. There is no sense repeating the facts.<br />I'd wait for the paperback. It reads fast, and may hold your interest for a couple days.
6302902010|3.0|i am a big fan of dorothy dandridge.i am totally shocked about the movie classic being destroyed!. i loved that movie, i remember it as a child . in the 1960's on tv,god, i even wrote to the cable movie channels.like :&quot;turner classic,amercian movie classic&quot;channels about airing the movie!.i never got a reply!. well thank you for letting the public know about this travisity.i am going to miss this 1959 classic.i will have break down an buy the new version, i guess?.  philco44.
B000050IMG|4.0|This film was real funny, but some parts I really didn't get. That is why I just missed giving it 5 stars. <br />But, for what it was, it was veeeeeerrrry funny. It had really good jokes about hits like 'Scream', 'I Know what You did Last Summer' and more! This is what you should rent if your over 16, if you really want a good comedy! BUY THIS!
B00004YKUX|4.0|Solitary Man is an outstanding album.  It is at least as good as anything he has done, including at Sun or on previous American Recordings albums.  There is not a single song that is less than excellent.  My favorites include One and Mercy Seat.  The music of Cash is folk, country, pop mixed into one sound -- in short, just good music.
0684853523|5.0|I'm not generally a fan of the horror genre, but when I read Stephen King it's the telling, not the tale, that keeps me lapping up page after page.<br />In this, his book on the craft of writing, Stephen (after reading this book I feel like we're on a first name basis) opens the book on his early life, some of which will leave you howling.  (After readng the farting babysitter story I called at least three people and read it aloud to them, although I never made it through the passage without breaking up.) But it's not just his past that he writes about, it's about the guts of a writer, how they work, what works for him.  What might work for you.<br />This is a three course meal.  You get a glimpse into his early years, a healthy portion of easily digestible writing advice, and a reflection on a writer's life, including his recovery from a horrible accident that left him in agonizing pain.  <br />Have you ever consumed a satisfying dish and afterwards wondered, &quot;What was that seasoning?&quot;  You can't quite place it, although it is familiar.  (I could have said vaguely familiar but after reading this book I have become an adverb nazi).  Well, I finally figured out what it was.  Sprinkled throughout the book, Stephen King makes references to his wonderful wife Tabitha, who has supported him in a multitude of ways (including an alcohol and drug addiction intervention) throughout his writing history.  She is the main ingredient in his success.  It has been her unwavering love and belief in him that has given Stephen King a reason to keep writing.  <br />Thank goodness for the ones who believe in those who dare to call themselves writers. Thank goodness for us that Stephen King found Tabitha.
B00004KD1L|5.0|I bought this cd after hearing the Fatboy Slim remix of &quot;I see you baby.&quot; Not really knowing what to expect from the rest of the cd, I was pleasantly surprised to hear that it is considerably more mellow than that one track. In fact, I would say that the &quot;I See you Baby&quot; remix is a pretty poor representation of the cd as a whole. If you want some cool, mellow tunes to lay back to, look no farther than this album.
0812505085|5.0|`Treasure Island' is an adventure novel that was written for children, but it will none the less provide much pleasure to the grown-ups. In this book, Steven tells the story of a young Scottish boy named Jim Hawkins, who stumbles upon a dreaded pirate's (Captain Flint) treasure map, and goes in search of it along with the village doctor and the squire. However they are not the only ones who knew about the hidden treasure. They are pursued by the former ruthless crewmembers of Captain Flint, these men will stop at nothing to lay their hands on the map!<br />`Treasure Island' is absolutely great. From the beginning to the end its filled with non-stop action. Jim Hawkins is telling the story, so as young people are, he is straight to the point. No unnecessary details are given which will certainly appeal to youngsters and best of all it is written in simple and plain English. For children this is a must-read. <br />If you think `pirates', `treasures' are too childish for you then I suggest you read it in your leisure moments. I'm sure you won't be able to put it aside till you've read the last page!
B00004YKUX|5.0|Solitary Man is an outstanding album.  It is at least as good as anything he has done, including at Sun or on previous American Recordings albums.  There is not a single song that is less than excellent.  My favorites include One and Mercy Seat.  The music of Cash is folk, country, pop mixed into one sound -- in short, just good music.
B000001FY9|5.0|This is certainly one of the best Reggae albums that you can buy today, and perhaps one of the best albums of any genre.  No-one sticks out way above the rest in their particular music genre as Bob Marley does with Reggae, and this album is a collection of legendary tunes.  <br />It is difficult to know where to start when trying to describe which tracks are the highlights in this collection.  Certainly 3 of the most recognised (and stirring) songs are his live performance of No Woman No Cry, and the political and historical tunes of Buffalo Soldier and Redemption Song.  However there is not another song on the CD that is dissapointing.<br />If you already have this CD then you may wish to look at &quot;Natural Mistic: The Legend lives on&quot; a second 'best of album' featuring some other great tracks.   If you are getting into reggae, or even if you are not a reggae fan - then you should still listen to this album. It is an essential compilation about which one cannot say enough.
0446677450|2.0|Every now and then I buy one of these &quot;...everyone is talking about it !&quot; books.  They are all the same:  &quot;Want to get rich ? find someone desperate selling real estate, buy it cheap (no money down if you can), and wait.  Dont get into consumer debt.&quot; etc.  You do not need a book to tell you that and there is nothing new about real estate (or other financial) speculation.  Some people get rich because they work hard, others because they are smart and many because they get lucky. Read it if you want but do not count on it to change your life. By the way, if you can become half the salesman that Kiyosaki is then you can count on becoming rich !
B00001QGPR|4.0|David Bowie has spent the last two decades searching for a new sound after the death of glam-rock. Most have been failed experiments with a few brilliant breakthroughs(Most notable \\"Let's Dance\\" and \\"Scary Monsters\\"). \\"Hours\\" fits itself in as Bowie's best record since \\"Scary Monsters\\". On \\"Hours\\" from the first single and song on the album, \\"Thursday's Child\\" we see this will be the \\"Half way through my life, looking back and to the future\\" record that every recording artist does in his or her's lifetime. It is either a miserable failure or a brilliant breakthrough. While \\"Hours\\" isn't Bowie's best record, it still succeeds and tells us Bowie isn't dead yet.<br />\\"Thursday's Child\\" the album's opener sets the mood of the album. The old Bowie reflects on when he was the young innocent faced Ziggy Stardust. The author switches back from talking about the past to the future. The song could easily be David Bowie's best single of the 90's, mixing symphonic and soul vocals in the background. The album takes a turn from the melodic opener to not madness but a mind trying to sort out the past, survive the present and have hope in the future. Bowie uses a lot of hip hop and soul type beats on songs like \\"Something In The Air\\" and \\"If I'm Dreaming My Life\\" while performing organic acoustic guitar songs like \\"Survive\\" and \\"Seven\\". \\"The Pretty Things Are Going To Hell\\" is the song that most stands out on \\"Hours\\". It has no place with the other songs, it perhaps show the influence of Trent Reznor from working with him. \\"The Dreamers\\" ends the album perfectly and makes us happy to be a Bowie fan again. <br />If you have all the essential Bowie albums and want to explore his most recent work, I recommend checking \\"Hours\\" out. Most people have said it's typical Bowie and nothing new but Bowie always went along with trends. That's not a bad thing because he doesn't go along with trends in order for fame but can make some of the most brilliant pop out there.
0812589041|5.0|In this book, it is 2250 AD and world has changed. The governments of the world have formed the World Government, and their are two parts, the Hegomony (Communist) and the Polemarch(Democrocy/Theocracy), and they have formed the Warshaw Pact, a document that insures peace in the world. They have done this because the buggers, an alien race, has twice tried to colonize earth, but we have beaten them - for now. Now to insure that earth wins again, the World Government has taken to breeding military geniuses, and then training them Also, population control has been inforced, so no more than two children are allowed, unless permited by the government. One such family, the Wiggins, were permited to have a Third, and his name is Ender Wiggen.Ender is a genius, and the government takes him, and all the other geniuses of the world, to Battle School, a place where they train them to become commanders and Admirals of the worlds International Fleet, or Space command. At Battle School, the boys are trained through &quot;games&quot;  against each other. Ender Wiggen is the genius among geniuses; he wins all games, and now he is their only hope to save the world from the buggers. Now that time is running out he must move on the Command School. He is their only hope. Even while at Battle School, Ender's brother (Peter) and sister (Valentine) have turned the world against it's government. Together they create new identity's through the internet, Locke, and Demonothese. They then mass e-mail their ideas to the world, exposing the Hegomony in their effort to take control over the world, and in time become Earth's leaders.   This book is really good, and I would tell you more about it but that would ruin the entire book. Trust me - I don't read that much, but after reading this book, I bought the whole series.   Orson Card does a great job of entering and revealing the human mind and all of the feeling inside of it. The games played are written fierce and exciting, even though playedby kids of twelve. The characters are very memorable, and the  massive amount of stratedy left me reading this book the whole night. This book is recomended to those kids that love to read, and even to those who hate it. It shines through to every person, even if your not a Sci-Fi fan, this book is a must-read, and after your done reading this book, you'll start loving to read.
0553106635|5.0|Mr. Martin wins the prize for best fantasy book this year.  The only book I've read in recent years with a comparably strong ending would be Jordan's &quot;Lord of Chaos.&quot;<br />Martin's series gets stronger with each installment.  The plot twists get only more surprising with each chapter.<br />If you haven't read this series, now is a great time to start.
0679736646|4.0|I read Ubik in one sitting during a 10 hour transatlantic flight. It certainly provided a unique atmosphere to the plane journey! As is common in Dick's books, Ubik takes the reader through one of PKD's many nightmarish distopian worlds.  I was pretty disorientated by the time I got off the plane, which is one of the things which makes his writing so special. I think an element of truth lies in the statement that structure-wise,  much of Dick's work can be sloppy and disjointed, but I think those statements only really apply to the 'structure' of his novels. His stories are so rich with ideas and themes, and the reader is never left to feel 'secure', constantly being flung from one nightmarish pseudo-reality to another. I dislike strategically-structured novels, which can often appear stale and too thought-out. Dicks stuff is fast-paced and at times overwhelming which is why its so wonderful. I dare the reader to read something like Ubik in a single sitting and then try and find their way around Chicago airport ;)
0446343129|5.0|For anyone that suspects that health data is corrupt in the US, this book provides ample evidence.  I have concluded for some time that truth in food advertising is an oxymoron.  Most Journalists are corrupted by the missinformation spread by large companies.  Food processing companies for some time have been trying to trick us into eating factory produced food, if the food is not processed, they don't make money because they cannot add value.  They have been supresing data and research that concludes that we should eat less processed food.  This book covers both sugar and wheat flour, the two most used and abused ingriedients in the US food supply.  The US FDA for some unknown reason, not covered in this book is party to this ongoing sham.  This author supports his hypothesis with historical facts.  The book is written in a very entertaining and readable fasion. Any European who has visited the US can attest to the over sweetened products here.  Likewise the bread is tasteless and empty of texture, but full of highly processed grains, sugar and fats.  This book explains why. Here's a real life example of what the author attempts to illustrate.  I subscribe to Prevention magazine which is a very good source of health and nutrition information.  This months copy, Feb 2001, has a full page add by America's peanut farmers showing two slices of white bread, both covered with peanut butter, the caption reads, more or less, 'peanuts are a good source of the B vitamin, also known as folic acid...consuming sufficient amounts of folic acid...may help prevent neural tube birth defects.'  - This is a scare tactic!  The food combination offered has huge quantities of the antinutrients sugar and white flour and plenty of vegetable fat but only a tiny amount of peanuts.  The magazine although one of the few periodicals that has good health information, to stay afloat, must make money and thus must accept these sorts of advertisements.  You wonder why Americans are getting fatter?It's because they are being misslead.  Read this book to learn more and to get some great ideas about how to improve your diet and there-by your health.
B0000524E5|4.0|i was just reading some of the outlandish reviews about this movie and am absolutely shocked. if you wanted oscar-caliber go see a foreign and impossible to find in a local theater flick. i am an avid movie watcher and am heavily involved in cinema/film making. so i knew going into this movie that it was not going to be difficult to watch. i went into it thinking it would be a cute romantic comedy with sexy chicks dancing on a bar and virtually no plot. and it was. but that is why i wanted to see it. it was a very light-hearted, FUN, fanciful movie. some of these reviewers are treating it as if it should have been nc-17 b/c it involved a bar in new york and sexy women that dance in it. i commend the movie for being able to be sexy with out having to be rated R!! bravo. or they had this misconception that it would be a brain teasing flick with major story boards and 5 oscar noms. sorry to disappoint you people, but i can't believe you would waste 1,000 words just to gripe about it. <br />look, for the newcomers, the movie is FUN not to mention easy on the eyes and the brains. so for a good time, rent or buy this movie, if your expectations aren't too high, it won't disappoint you.
B00004Z459|3.0|There's no possible way that I could give this cd five stars. There are very few good songs on this cd and the few that are good all sound the same. I bought this and Fuel, Something Like Human, the same day. I was sure that I would end up listening to Linkin Park more, but to my suprise Fuel, was a helluva lot better.
B00003CXDG|1.0|It truely is THAT bad. I generally catch the majority of movies at home on DVD. It's worth it to me just to buy it and not go through the trouble of renting. I wish I had rented this one. The plot is idiotic and contrived. The whole way through the movie I was telling myself, &quot;Ok it'll change gears in a minute and all this BS will have been some type of foundation for what comes ahead.&quot; Wrong. This is by far the worst movie I'd watched in 2000. If you have sooo much time and your hands and are bored to tears with absolutely no way to entertain yourself ( no paint drying or grass growing anywhere to watch ) then buy it but be ready to turn it off as soon as somebody starts painting. Also have a good hiding place for it so it isn't visible in your collection else you suffer the embarassment of owning this pathetic excuse for a movie.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I must addmit I'm late to jump on the mtallica band wagon (they don't get much if any publisity here in England) but they are a great band. After hearing great things about Matallica I was still hesitant about buying some of their stuff. I finally brought S&amp;M (because it looked like a sort of Greatest Hits album) and I've realised that after listening to loads of bands over the years I have finally discoverd truly great music. (This is the first time I've ever brought an album and loved every song on it). The best song on the album is Fuel(just). For Whom the Bell Tolls, Until it Sleeps, The Memory Remains, Sad but True and Nothing Else Matters are classics and better than anything else I've ever heard. One thing I would say is why do people go on about Master of Puppets and One? they're great songs but metallica have done so many that are better.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|I bought this on the basis of online reviews and was unsure of it at first but after listening to it for a bit I am convinced that this deserves to go big.  The lyrics are either very deep or nonsensical but I dont really think that this matters because the sheer emotion of the delivery shines through.  My particular favorite is &quot;One Armed Scissor&quot;  but the whole album is fantastic, that is just the song that particuarly captures the full energy and emotion and puts it into song.<br />I would strongly recommend this to anyone, especially if you are at all in to Rage Against The Machine, Limp Bizkit or Nirvana.  This is not to say that At The Drive-In draw any influence from any of these bands, they are very individualistic both musically and as a band.<br />If you are tired of listening to nu-metal and pop-punk then buy this because it is kind of a combination of both those two genres and the early 80's punk that came out of the UK while sounding like nothing else.
B00004STPT|1.0|Even while watching the movie, Gladiator, I found the music pale and uncreatively lifeless.  The orchestrations are blandly predictable ( of course there is a violent crescendo as the guy gets disemboweled and severed!)  To off-set the meaningless, frightening, and gratuitous violence ( I wonder what it speaks of our country that people need such evilly malicious chaos represented somewhere in their lives to get their rocks off ), there are the flat, simply boring Enya-like ( VERY borderline copyright infringement Enya-like I might add ) interludes of music. So equally embarrassing as the violence, in so far as taste and intelligence is concerned, are these contributions by Lisa Gerrad; they must have not been written for anyone with a mature ear, for they inspire little sensitivity, and evoke even littler imagination. If this lulling droll is what people want to listen too, and if they have abdicated interesting, stimulating listening for such a lack of attention or appreciation, then I not only fear for the health of the population ( what a joy it is to listen!), but also their intelligence.  I hope people can be sensitive enough to enjoy and absorb listening to beautiful, rousing music,but they won't if they listen to this! VERY BAD RECORD!  DO NOT BUY! SPEND MONEY ON SOMETHING ELSE! Gretchen C. Elsner
0553106635|5.0|It took me about a week to get half-way through this book, and one day to finish the rest.  I'd put this novel up there with first two volumes of the Wheel of Time series.  Martin is putting the breaks on modern fantasy and steering it into a new direction.  His world is cruel, unpredictable, and unforgiving- much like ours, and it's high time someone broke the mold.  A couple of minor complaints about the book: The quality of writing seemed  sporadic at the beginning of a couple of chapters, and some of the repetitive whining got on my nerves.  I've been &quot;tainted&quot; by Jordan's books so stop reading my petty bickering and buy this book!
B00004ZAV3|4.0|I LOL when I read your comments. Some people in the world may have not heard of the Fab 4. While I was in college, I worked at a summer camp. I had the teen cabin, girls from the age of just 13-17. They were discussing great music (as THEY knew it). They were currently &quot;NUTS&quot; about the Little Mermaid soundtrack. All is relative to your exposure and experience in life. Imagine my shock when they discussed the best song Elton John ever wrote and recorded, Lucy in The Sky with Diamonds! I almost feel out of my bunk from laughter! They looked at me....quite confused. &quot;What's so funny&quot;? I had to convince them, for the next 1/2 hour that the song was not his originally. It was first recorded by J,P,G, &amp; R. So give barefoot a break! Thanks for the chuckle. By the way, the CD is great! I miss the best cuts from Sgt. Peppers too as another reviewer commented.
6302891272|1.0|I'd rather donate blood than ever see Throne of Blood again!  It is possible to like Shakespeare's Macbeth and still abhor Akira Kurosawa's interpretation, Throne of Blood.  After all, when one isn't at all impressed with the acting, how much can a movie really be enjoyed?  On the part of many of the characters, I felt that the gestures, movements and expressions were over-emphasized and overly-dramatic, especially Washiku's acting.  For example, when he sees a ghost while in the company of others, he runs around the room in an attempt to come across as terrified, and all I saw was a man acting.  Another example is a situation where four men are talking about rats fleeing.  One man's gestures are so over exaggerated that it seems as if one is watching a high school production!  The acting really has to be believable and convincing to positively affect an audience, which was not the effect of this movie.  The scenes where men were running seemed so silly, as they appeared physically challenged!  For a movie to follow a storyline, such as Macbeth, one needs to believe that the circumstances that create the plot must be believable, even with the inclusion of supernatural forces.  This movie did not enhance the believability of the story.    The acting alone can ruin the possibility of enjoying this movie, but there are other aspects that contribute to my dislike of Kurosawa's film.  The sound effects, or \\"music\\", (if it even deserves to be called that) was awful in the way that it was rarely used to reinforce the goings-on in a scene, but rather told the story in the scene.  Personally, it was much more annoying and displeasing to the ear than was probably intended.  If you like the sounds of screeching, pounding and monotone monologue-type singing, than perhaps this movie is for you! The silence during scenes seemed ridiculously and unnecessarily long, especially watching two men gallop through the forest for as long as was shown.  Perhaps the newer style of editing was being shown off, and I admit that I liked the lengthy breaks from reading the subtitles. Also in regard to the editing, perhaps some of the characters mannerisms would not have come across as overdone if there had not been such \\"close\\" close-ups.  The point can get across to the audience that Tsuzuki is fearful without being six inches away from his face, which I believe contributed to the overly-dramatic aspect of this movie. It is not that I do not find<br />silences meaningful, it was just that one gets the `let's move it along' feeling.  The various settings and decor were rather boring and full of empty space which could perhaps be contributed in part to seeing it in black and white.  Throne of Blood was not devoid of good aspects, despite my dislike of the film.  Whoever cast the roles did a great job of not casting a single remotely attractive person, perhaps to keep us from getting distracted by a nice-looking character, which may take away some of the impact of the story.  The story did closely mirror the story of Macbeth, which made it easy to follow.  If you want to watch the story of Macbeth, stick with Shakespeare's version!
0684853523|5.0|I have read a number of Stephen King books, I find his stories great, but his writing stinks, it's far to dated. Growing up in the 80's, I can't relate to someone who continues to use the lingo he grew up with, in the 60's. I went into On Writing a little weary, but it turned out great. As a writer myself, I can relate to a lot of his stories, and some of his conflicts. I have since purchased the audiobook version, and have literally listen to it, at least a dozen times. If you write, this is a must have.
B000002UCN|3.0|Trying to sell this compilation as THE BEST of George Harrison is a bit of a rip-off really.  Half of the collection is George's songs from his BEATLES days so the title BEST OF GEORGE HARRISON is a bit deceiving.  George has a solid solo catalogue (no really big hits, but they DO stand on their own merit).  I am trying desperately to find the REAL Best of George Harrison, his solo work from 1975 onward.  No where can I find gems like &quot;Crackerbox Palace&quot; and &quot;Blow Away&quot; and &quot;All Those Years Ago&quot; and &quot;Cloud Nine&quot;.  If the record people TRULY want to give the public THE BEST of George Harrison, do it the RIGHT way.  GEORGE HARRISON 1970-1987.  It is wrong to sell us Beatles songs as SOLO efforts and call it the BEST of the individual artist. I've bought half this CD before . . . why did I have to buy it twice.  C'mon George . . . give us what we WANT!!!
B00004T9UF|5.0|... he definitely showcases his talents on this masterpiece of a CD.  ....<br />Now that I've gotten my frustration out and gotten my point across, I can talk about how good this album really is.  This truly is an excellent CD, especially for all you hip-hop fans out there such as myself.  The only two tracks he kind of goes overboard on is &quot;Ken Kaniff&quot; and &quot;Kim.&quot;  But that's only 2 tracks out of 18:  everything else on this CD is masterfully done.  Like I said before, most of the stuff he's rappin' about he's just trippin'.  The only 3 tracks he's really tryin' to get a point across is in Stan, where an obsessed fan takes his loyalty to Em a little too far.  In &quot;Who Knew&quot;, he's tryin' to say how was he supposed to know kids would take his lyrics seriously and do somethin' stupid.  &quot;The Way I Am&quot; not only is one of his best songs, but a deep one too.  The song &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; is kinda half clownin', half serious.  The part about his family and them wanting money from him now that he's got the cash can relate to a lot of you out there.<br />All you rap fans out there need to add this one to your library:  it's easily one, if not the best hip-hop albums I've ever heard.  It'd be one of you'll best investments you'd ever make.nem, they only appear on 4 tracks (Bitch Please 2, Amityville, Under the  Influence &amp; Remember Me). Eminem's music isn't like other rappers (I  never liked any of Dr. Dre's albums, for example), so even if you're into  punk or other genres like I am, you just might like this...(I  never liked any of Dr. Dre's albums, for example), so even if you're into  punk or other genres like I am, you just might like this...
6305265488|4.0|This is an absolutely beautiful retelling of the classic story of Cinderella.  Danielle (Drew) falls in love with the Prince of France.  He loves her back until he finds out that she was lying to him.  Then, he won't associate with her until she shows up at the masquerade ball trying to prove her love for him.  This movie has some witty moments, but is mostly a wonderful romance story.
B0000027F3|5.0|This is without a doubt one of the Heavy Metal classics of all time... If you don't have this cd in your heavy metal collection then you are probably from another planet. this is a Heavy metal masterpiece,extremely fast-extremely powerfull all around. Rob halfords vocals are very high noted and very powerfull going to places most singers wont reach,the guitar solos in this album are among the most amazing you'll ever hear...anywhere..,this cd explodes with powerfull rage and speed,but don't think it lacks melody because it's very well done in that sense too,the melodies are very cool and have a speed metal kind of feel ,this album is a musical powerhouse,if you listen to Painkiller you'll get an adrenaline rush,this is a piece that cannot be missing in any metal fans collection,a mindblowing perfect work of power. my favorite three tracks here are &quot;painkiller&quot;(undescribable powerfull song),&quot;between the hammer and the anvil&quot;(simply awesome,good old 80's heavy metal) and &quot;Nightcrawler&quot; (you'll be humming this one for weeks after you listen to it). looking for speed? power? something that will blow your mind away? here it is....
0767819594|5.0|This movie is an excellent blend of romance, drama, and deceit.  In the beginning,  Kathryn and Sebastian are both out to ruin as many lives as possible.  They use sex and secrets as their weapon.  Sebastian became involved in a bet to devirginize the new headmaster's daughter.  If he wins, he gets to have sex with Kathryn.  In the midst of the bet, he falls in love with her.  This love leads to tragedy and revenge.
6303418287|1.0|It constantly surprises me that after the original excellent &quot;Frankenstein&quot; and &quot;Bride of Frankenstein&quot;, any filmmaker  would dream of remaking Frankenstein. Mel Brooks' &quot;Young Frankenstein&quot; was clearly the best. Compared to that skilled piece of 'hip hop,' which remixed the original elements into a story full of comedy and pathos, this turkey is a dodgy cover version sung by a drunk in a bar.<br />As for the actors, most of the smaller parts seem to have been thrown to smug young types who have just graduated from drama school - with many bland youngsters given character roles they can only soil like excited puppies! The stars, on the other hand, seem to be cramming this acting job into their busy schedules of TV talk shows, book signings, or supermarket openings. Breathless and with one eye constantly on the finishing line, they seem to be having out-of-character experiences.<br />The pace cracks on at a terrible speed in a desperate attempt to flag up some excitement, with Doctor Frankie running around like someone's switched his script with Jackie Chan's. We get quick rushed scenes of people running into rooms, bawling mediocre soundbites at each other, or parking their horses too far from the house so that they can run dramatically (yawn) across muddy lawns to finally exchange trite, anachronistic dialogue.<br />This movie compounds its weaknesses by focusing on things it should skip, and skipping things it should focus on. For example, quite a lot of time is devoted to explaining how the monster was apparently taught to read by a herd of pigs! an aspect which only emphasizes the absurdity of the story. The issue of the Monster's literacy was handled much more deftly in earlier movies simply by being left a little vague. More important aspects of the storyline, however, are rendered fuzzy by Branagh's attempts to out-Shakespeare Shakespeare by cramming as many messy incidents into the story as possible with disastrous results for the movie's continuity: &quot;Geneva!&quot; the Monster exclaims at one point from his mountain top after some epic journey over the Alps, but of course they forget to give us the complementing view of the city below (Showing a model of 19th century Geneva was clearly outside the ego-targeted budget).<br />The worst thing as with many modern films dabbling in the past is the incredibly anachronistic feeling, with people running around over-emoting as if they've just misplaced their Valium. As for the great love story - this is patently ridiculous as not only does Kenneth Branagh look like a shaggy dog as usual, but also the often lovely Helena Bonham-Carter does too. If they stood still for one minute, you get the feeling crows would nest in their 'romantically windswept' hair. As for Robert DeNiro, his main fault as the Monster is simply being too famous to be credible as the Monster. Unlike many of the cameo actors -  friends of Kenneth who are just dropping by to don a costume, spout a few lines, and pick up a cheque - DeNiro sometimes has a look of jaded angst in his eyes that suggests he knew all along he had been tricked into  making this Turkey that, Albatross-like, will hang around his neck for the rest of his life. The frantic attempt to breathe life into badly-assembled, unliving matter becomes, by the end, the perfect metaphor for the movie itself.r the movie's continuity: &quot;Geneva!&quot; the Monster exclaims at one point from his mountain top after some epic journey over the Alps, but of course they forget to give us the complementing view of the city below (Showing a model of 19th century Geneva was clearly outside the ego-targeted budget). <br />The worst thing as with many modern films dabbling in the past is the incredibly anachronistic feeling, with people running around over-emoting as if they've just misplaced their Valium. As for the great love story - this is patently ridiculous as not only does Kenneth Branagh look like a shaggy dog as usual, but also the often lovely Helena Bonham-Carter does too. If they stood still for one minute, you get the feeling crows would nest in their 'romantically windswept' hair. As for Robert DeNiro, his main fault as the Monster is simply being too famous to be credible as the Monster. Unlike many of the cameo actors -  friends of Kenneth who are just dropping by to don a costume, spout a few lines, and pick up a cheque - DeNiro sometimes has a look of jaded angst in his eyes that suggests he knew all along he had been tricked into  making this Turkey that, Albatross-like, will hang around his neck for the rest of his life. The frantic attempt to breathe life into badly-assembled, unliving matter becomes, by the end, the perfect metaphor for the movie itself.
B00002MZ2T|4.0|This album is incredible.  It has love songs and fun songs.  &quot;Affirmation,&quot; the title track, is a wonderful self-affirming song.  It's also kind of funny, too.  Then, there's &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot; which is such a touching love song.  &quot;Crash and Burn&quot; shows that even if you are having a hard time, there is always someone who cares.  If you're looking for an interesting album, look no further.  Affirmation is incredible!
B000001IPL|5.0|Smash is no doubtedly the best punk album of all time. If you like punk definatly pick this album up. With songs like Bad Habit, Self Esstem,and Smash these make this CD the best Offspring CD ever.
B00004XQ83|5.0|T Bone Burnett, with the help of Gillian Welch, has created a masterful collection of roots music for this great movie.<br /><br />From the archival recording of \\"Big Rock Candy Mountain\\" by Harry McLintock to the soulful  \\"Down In The River To Pray\\" by Alison Krauss to the seductive \\"Didn't Leave Nobody But The Baby\\" by the sirens Gillian Welch, Alison Krauss & Emmylou Harris to the masterful feature song, \\"I Am A Man Of Constant Sorrow\\" by The Soggy Bottom Boys, this collection of music reminds us that beneath the glossy surface of the music worlds there is a rich hearitage at the foundation.  As T Bone Burnett said in a recent interview on an LA Public Radio station, \\"This is music for those who like music.\\"  All that pop and fake country, etc. is for those people who don't like music; which the market that most record companies seem concerned with.<br /><br />Thank you Mr. Burnett, and Ms. Welch for your efforts to find and write this wonderful music and to find the amazing musicians that performed.  And thank you to the Coen Brothers make this a reality.<br /><br />O Brother, Where Art Thou is probably one of the best soundtracks every put together in the history of cinema.  You won't be disappointed!<br /><br />>>>>>>>&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;<br /><br />A Guide to my Music Rating System:<br /><br />1 star = Not worth the blood dripping from your ears/<br />2 stars = Don't bother, clean your bathroom instead.<br />3 stars = Wasn't a waste of time, but it was time wasted.<br />4 stars = Good music, but not life altering.<br />5 stars = This music changed my world in at least some small way.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This film spans the fathoms of the human soul, evoking every emotion found in the heart of man at every turn. It evokes the passion of the mob, and the scorn of the despised all in the same breath. Not just a tremendous special FX movie, but one with a beautiful story line. Both bold and ugly at the same time. It is the story which carries this movie all the way to the end. If you are a fan of Braveheart and other historical type films, this film is a must see and a must own. Don't miss it. You'll watch it over and over, and over again.
B000002J6H|5.0|Chilling, that is how it feels to remember this music, when I first heard it, in 1970.  I haven't heard this remastered version yet, and I wonder if I should.  Will it be the same?       Stephen Stills was one of the exceptionally gifted natural musicians of that era.  Could he make that Martin sing?  He was a brilliant and sensitive arranger, as evidenced here and on the later LP with David Crosby and Graham Nash.       One only hopes that original brilliance is not obscured by expectations of current taste in the remastering.  That would be a great shame.       (Note: my five stars are for the original LP version.)
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|It's just a great CD that goes fantastically with the film.  If you've not seen the film, it may not work for you.  If you've seen it, then you should have this by now.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|While this is a great compilation, I would suggest this CD only for (a) those under 30 who never experienced The Beatles first-hand, (b) fans who missed the &quot;Anthology&quot; craze of a few years back, or (c) fans who still have all their albums on vinyl.  Other than that, it's just another re-issue of songs that you already have.<br />If you don't mind spending a bit more, I'd suggest getting the &quot;Blue and Red Albums&quot; -- they're a much better Greatest Hits compilation.
B00000K0DT|5.0|This fantastic film with an astonishing ending will keep the spectator tied to the armchair... maybe until it's too late.
B000002MQ9|5.0|This album is the best Gothic album around. Even if you are not in the Gothic scene. You'll love it!!! The song Xavier is the most moving song I've ever heard in a club or on the internet. The group alone is something to admire. Two individuals that come from differant parts of the world and from different lifes coming together for the pleasure of making music.
B00004Z511|5.0|When I heard several tracks of off the 'infamous' Napster, I was not imprsessed in the least bit.  Is this the same band that released 'OK Computer', in my opinion, one of the GREATEST rock albums of, let's say....  The past five decades!?  But we must keep in mind that I heard individual songs, and not the album in its entirety.  So when the fateful day came, I half-heartledly shelled out my fifteen bucks and bought it.  And upon first listening I was screaming what the hell.  But I love Radiohed.  And as I listened to 'Kid A' more, I began to see my charm with their music.  Everyone of their albums has a unique sound; as if they said f*#k it, let;d build a nw monster for this go-around.  But they still sound like Radiohead.  Everything changes, and yet Radiohead's sound is intact.  That, my friends, is a judge of a talented and important group.  They can experiment with all sorts of musical types, bu still remain the same group that brought us the shinig preview 'Pablo Honey'.  On to 'Kid A'.  Like in the film 'Scream', there a few ground rules to be followed to get maximum enjoyment from the experience.  First and formost, 'Kid A' must be listened to from start to finish.  No interruptions!!  If anyone attemps to intrude upon the experience, use extreme measures if neccessary.  Second, you must have a kick-ass surround, preferably a good set of headphones.  With the music coursing through your brains, the music soon transforms into a world with an entirely new atmosphere, all the rules are thrown to the wind.  For lack of any better word, BEAUTIFUL is what it amounts to.  If you enjoy music that can speak to your soul, even if you've enver heard of Radiohead before, this album is THE ABSOULTE BEST OF THE YEAR.  Go Thom and the other boys-  The Album of the Year Grammy belongs to you....  hands down.  If you take this journey:  ENJOY    -Roberson
0553579908|5.0|This book -like all other sequels- continues the story. If you have read the previous book then you will know that something was coming, something big but you didn't quite know what it was. This book doesn't clear that up but it does give you a slightly better idea and a wonderful sense of impending doom.<br />One thing that was great about the predecessor of this book was the lack of obvious magic. That was a refreshing treat in the world of fantasy as most know it. This almost follows the same trend but with a few exceptions of subtle magic and a small smattering of some more overt magic that decidedly works because of the lack of them for so long. After 1500 page without any wizardry or sorcery or intervention of the gods, it gives a sense of a more magical (groan) experiece.<br />That said, A Clash of Kings follows in all the traditions of A Game of Thrones in that it stays away from stereotypes and archetypes but still provides the sense of gallantry and heroism that most other books slop a generous portionof sappy love and iron wills that will not break and fearless warriors and all kinds of otherstuff, but without all the junk that makes most readers think &quot;this doesn't happen, these people aren't human. If I saw a 20 foot tall ogre, I'd soil myself, not charge after riding a horse and waving a stick.&quot; This book lacks 20 foot tall ogres but still, you get the idea.<br />All in all - wonderful
0671027344|5.0|I'm in the middle of reading this book right now-- but I couldn't resist sharing my thoughts before I finished it. This book is beautiful in the way that few books are. Simple and perfect, and heart-achey in a completely non Readers Digest way. Changing, which in my mind is the best praise you can give a book.
0446608955|3.0|OK ... I am a man and not the biggest fan of romantic books. I've read the Notebook and did not mind it too much.  Over the holidays I was visiting relatives and they were all reading this book.  One evening, I picked it up.<br />Now, from page 4, I knew what was going to happen with the relationship, but that was okay.  Mr. Sparks is a master of creating situations where love is put to the absolute test. The true testament of this book is that I find myself thinking back to certain scenes from time to time (I won't ruin any for those who have not read the book).<br />I don't think Mr. Sparks will ever win awards for his writing, but he knows how to punch you in the gut deep enough for the hurt to stay around long after the book is closed.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Much more than just another flashy action flick, &quot;Fight Club&quot; delivers more wit and energy than the last five movies you've seen.  This is an amazingly kinetic experience, and credit must be spread generously:  Stars Norton (as the burned-out office drone) and Pitt (as a swaggering post-modern James Dean) are both excellent; director Fincher unloads all kinds of stunning visual set-pieces that only seldom seem gratuitous; Jim Uhls' rich, clever, and very quotable script plays its cards perfectly.  Not really an ode to mindless nihilism, it is more thoughtful and sophisticated than the fight-the-power diatribe some people make it out to be; if this movie celebrates rebellion, then it also shows its pitfalls as well.  I even thought it was uplifting in its own way.  And the ending (set to the strains of the Pixies' &quot;Where Is My Mind?&quot;) is a classic.
B0000508U6|4.0|Hell, I'd say that the NEW Radiohead is the new Radiohead right now. Anyway, I said that because these guys will eventually seperate themselves from Radiohead's shadow, and if this record is evidence, there's good things to come in the future...
B0000508U6|5.0|Although I am a big fan of Radiohead and Travis, I must say this album really does not remind me of them at all.  In fact Parachutes, is far, far better.  I honestly think this is the best album I have ever bought.  After being so impressed with &quot;Yellow&quot;, I was afraid I would be disappointed with the rest of the album.  Well, I was not.  This is exactly the kind of music I have always been searching for.  And although I love Radiohead and Travis, they just didn't cut it.  This music is so simple, it is almost genius.  Chris Martin has probably one of the most pleasing voices there is to listen to.  There's a great blend of acoustic and electric guitar on the album, and the lyrics are sincere.  Just about everyone can relate to the lyrics and I gurantee you will love them.  This album is worth more than what is costs.  I would reccomend this to anyone who truly loves music.  I have had this CD for two months and it just keeps getting better...
B00003CXIY|5.0|This movie is right feel good movie. Its funny, saucy and keeps you hooked until the end. Tom Green is completely hilarious as well as the other cast members. The dvd is great. Great features. Totally recommended.
B000002UAX|5.0|I am a big Beatles fan. I think this is my favorite Beatles albm, although it changes about once a month. I really enjoyed the variety of songs here. The lyrics are incredible, and I definitely think this is worth buying.
B00004U8H4|5.0|From the moment i heard about this movie i knew it was something unique. Most people say that its sick and non-entertaining but it is clever and almost comical. Christian Bale stunningly portrays Patrick Bateman in the most real to life way possible. Bale succeeds in entering the mind of a psycho. The movie is beautiful in every way and grips you until the end. Great cast make this a memorable movie. Its a must see movie!!
B000001FI7|5.0|This album is fantastic. I recieved it about six weeks ago, and I can't stop listening to it. I really like Glory Box. If you're looking for a good combination of music and lyrics, this is it. The scratching and beats are an added bonus.
0790744295|4.0|Those reviews that talk all about the suspense and horror of Creepshow are completely missing the point.  This collection of five short comedy horror flicks is one of the funniest movies ever made!  It's very similar to &quot;Tales from the Crypt&quot; but is much funnier!
0440219078|5.0|This is THE best book I've ever read. I read it for he first time when I was 10. It opened my mind so much. I would reccomend it to anyone of any age. It's the kind of book that you'restill thinking about for days after you finish it. I'm sure it will stick with me for life.
0783225849|4.0|No comment is needed on this movie itself.  It's been acknowledged as a masterpiece, and it's easy to see why.<br />Maybe that's why it's so disappointing that the producers of the &quot;Collector's Edition&quot; DVD chose to sacrifice picture elements for the sake of issuing an artificial &quot;wide-screen&quot; version.  The original movie was shot at or close to 4:3 aspect ratio.  This disk, on the other hand, is moderately letterboxed (1.85:1, to be exact). As a result, the picture is clipped vertically.  Details at top and bottom frame that were fully visible in the original release, are only partially visible in this DVD.  (Comparison with the LaserDisc version, which preserves the original aspect ratio, readily shows the difference.)<br />Perhaps the DVD producers thought consumers would want wide-screen just for the sake of wide-screen.  If so, they didn't consider that many DVD collectors are purists, and as such, are expecting to see the movie the way it was originally photographed -- wide-screen or not.<br />If you want the cleanest print and sound ever available for home viewing of &quot;Psycho,&quot; this disk is for you.  (It also contains &quot;The Making of . . . &quot; and other extras.)  If you're a stickler for preserving the original visual content, you'll either have to settle, or hope for a possible re-issue of &quot;version 2&quot; of this disk.
B00004U30D|5.0|I had to watch this movie four times to truly appreciate it. That is because there are, in my opinion, four different story lines. First there is the story of Lester, and his mid-life crisis, or awakening. Then there is Ricky's battle with his parents. And lester's wife, and her inability to not focus on the material. And of course, Jane. All of these story lines intertwine, and come together to make a beautiful masterpiece. Warning: this film should only be viewed with an open mind.
B00004XPP0|4.0|Man, I searched everywhere for the 1997 Special Edition release  of these movies 'cause I liked them so much! (and I was tired of borrowing them from by friend). When I finally got the first Special Edition, this new Special Edition is released a few months later. Oh well, I don't want to get it now, since they're the same movies. I wish everyone wouldn't give this trilogy  a bad rating just because George Lucas won't release it on DVD. If you simply MUST have it, go to Ebay and bid on the laserdisc or DVD's there! You can't simply put down this trilogy because of that. Great movies and a classic story of Luke, Vader, Princess Leia, Han, Chewie. I like 'em all!
B000009ED0|1.0|This album is horrible. Everything about it. The lyrics (or jumbled words as i like to say) the musc (or sound) and most of all, the fact that Kid Rock thinks he's some kind of a God. When will he realize he's just a scrawny, nasty, greasy-haired, hick? If only I could have given it 0 stars..
B00000JRTX|3.0|This film starring Hugh Grant and Andie MacDowell was quite a popular hit when released in theatres and was nominated for Oscars.  The characters are well developed and the supporting cast is terrific.  There are many great one-liners and the accompanying music is enjoyable.  I consider this movie one of the best romantic comedies of the 90s.  However, MGM has only occassionally produced outstanding DVDs.  Unfortunately, this DVD has some artifacts, pixelation, and bare bones content.  I was disappointed in the visual and sound quality for a film made so recently (within the last ten years).  I would recommend this DVD only if you are a big fan of this film or don't demand quality and rich content in your DVDs.
068484267X|5.0|This is a classic book. Having roots in Ireland, I was instantly interested in reading this book. It actually took me about 6 months to read it becuse I had to stop reading it every time I had a book assigned for school. It is very sad, but at the same time, very enlightning. It's amazing how Frank found happiness in the smallest things. This book made me cry, it made me laugh, and it made me proud of my heritage. Frank Mccourt, I commend you.
0440219078|4.0|I read this book last year (7th grade) and it gives an interesting look into the concept of Utopia. Before reading this book, I had already read 1984 and Animal Farm (both of which were better, IMO) and this gave a different perspective than them. You probably already know the plot, so I'll save you the time, but I was slightly disappointed with the ending. I understand that it is supposed to be left up to you to decide what happens, but still, it was dissatisfying, and made me not appreciate this otherwise superb book as much.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This album is very nice. It has a great diversity of songs and gives the listener some inspiration. I can see myself listening to it when I'm 80. I know it will stand the test of time, as will Pablo Honey and Kid A. Radiohead is just a fantastic band that everyone can appreciate.
0345350499|5.0|This was a well written book that no fantasy lover should overlook, especially if your into Arthurian Legend.  But this book goes far beyond telling the legendary story of King Arthur.  It is told from the point of view of the women in Arthur's life.<br />This book also highlights religious struggle at the time.  The firm believers of the Old ways and the New Christianity that has drawn many Britons to it.  I tended to take favor to the pagan side, but I thought both sides were written beautifully.  <br />You must read this book.
0380018179|5.0|OK, I read this many, many years ago. It made an indelible imprint on my mind. I couldn't put it down!  But then again I had such a complete picture of each of the characters that when the casting was announced for the mini series, I was disappointed. I still have not watched the mini series as the book was so wonderful I still can't imagine that anyone could do justice to the story and still make a good movie.
0679731369|4.0|Who would of thought some dead French guy from the mid 1800's could be so interesting?  I read this book on the recommendation of my brother but with the stipulation I read &quot;Madame Bovary&quot; first.  I have to agree with this suggestion.  Someone never having read anything by Flaubert would have a hard time understanding some of the glory of THIS book. Not so much a novel in the ordinary sense, but more one character's(fictional) almost irrational quest for knowledge about his favorite author.  The novel is filled with quotes, timelines, and factual anticdotes from Flaubert and his life--what an absolutely amazing writer.  I really don't want to give away too much because discovering Flaubert and his world view are the true joys of this book.  Just read it and enjoy!
1878424319|4.0|This is a good book on the self-improvement area. Explores 4 basic principles from the author's Toltec ancestry, and explains them in real simple terms in order to facilitate their day-to-day implementation. Short and to the point. Good read.
0452282152|5.0|Girl with a Pearl Earring is an excellent, mysterious novel.It is intriguing and thought provoking.Chevalier's style of writing is excellent, immediately drawing any reader into it. Even though it is a work of fiction, dealing with Vermeer's most famous painting, it still accurately portrays the city of Delft as it was in the late 17th century, at the same time giving an insight into the society of the day. As a sixteen year old Griet, or shall I say the girl with a pearl earring leads reader through the streets of Delft and so into the house of Vermeer, we are confronted with more than just a historical or art historical novel.
B00004Z459|1.0|Most of the songs on here are pretty... annoying, especially that new radio single &quot;One Step Closer&quot;, it's so radio friendly and the screaming on it is horrid. The only really good song on here is &quot;A Place For My Head&quot; but it was better in their earlier demos as &quot;Esal&quot; don't buy this trash...<br />If you want a better band with a similar sound Incubus-S.C.I.E.N.C.E. (hed)-Broke Limp Bizkit-3 Dollar Bill Yall$ Crazy Town-The Gift Of Game
B000002UJQ|5.0|I've always liked Radiohead but never bought one of their cds until recently. I had heard how great &quot;OK Computer&quot; is from a number of people &amp; magazines, but it was when my buddy played &quot;Let Down&quot; for me that I knew I had to get this cd. It's awesome. The music is extremely rich &amp; textured. I see how this cd was compared to other &quot;concept&quot; albums such as Pink Floyd's &quot;The Wall.&quot; All the songs seem intertwined and cohesive and take you through a journey from start to finish. It's kinda hard to explain the effect, but it's very much worth getting. I think that &quot;OK Computer&quot; will stand the test of time and prove to be a classic.
B00004TL21|5.0|The Deftones always have and always will be one of my favorite bands, and probably the best song writing band ever. I have loved them since I was 11 when Adrenaline came out, that was a truly awesome record, which i have probably listened to more time than any cd i own. The next, Around The Fur was even better with ten furious tracks that just made you want to break something, unlike the artificial anger of new Limp Bizkit. Now with The White Pony we receive something completely different..an alt rock deftones album...and it's really really good.<br />1. Feitceira-8/10 Really neat song, great to open the album with<br />2. Digital Bath-10000000000000/10 This is my favorite Deftones song, the musicianship on it is incredible and it proves Chino as the best metal vocalist. &quot;There is so much beauty in the world...&quot;<br />3. Elite-10000000/10 Whoa! A great screamer track. And the lyrics don't suck. This blows away any of that screamer nu metal crap out right now.<br />4.  RX Queen-9/10<br />Aww...a love song. I would give it a 10 if i didin't feel the band going soft.<br />5. Street Carp-6/10 Probably the only strange song on this cd...I don't like it much<br />6. Teenager-9/10 Good soft song...but just brings me back to my point, i don't want to see the Deftones get old, i want this band around forever.<br />7. Korea-8/10 Too heavy for this album<br />8. Knife Prty-100000/10 This song is really good for a heavy song....It's the one that stuck with me the most the first listen.<br />9. Passenger-1000000/10 Good lyrics, very influential, vocal frenzy of goodness from Maynard and Chino, nobody does duets like Deftones.<br />10. Change-7/10 I have nothing against this song, other than it's radio friendliness, i have to admit it's catchy.<br />11. Pink Maggit-10/10 Very influencial...nice song. I like this better than Back To School.<br />So all in all...I got it day of release...BUY THIS ALBUM!
B00004XONN|5.0|Whether you don't like Radiohead's past stuff or do, this CD is great either way. It varies from their past work in The Bends and OK Computer in that it utilizes various technological effects in the more technoish album by the Oxford group. There are even still traces of their roots with the hit song Optimistic. So far I've listened to every track a minimum of ten times. And even when I scratched it up a bit and lost track 7, that didn't stop me from enjoying the wholeness of every song. A truely great CD that deserves to be listened to
B000002J29|3.0|A fairly accurate chronicle of what a Genesis concert circa-1977 was like, it came out at a dificult time for the band.  In the UK at least, punk had changed everything, and any surviving rock band was known as a dinosaur.  Furthermore, the tour from which this live LP was recorded heralded the departure of Steve Hackett, the group's most sublime guitarist.<br />My problem with this record is that in concert, post-Gabriel Genesis never improvised much at all.  (Even in the Gabriel years, much of the satisfaction came from the dramatisations and the stories Peter told the audience between numbers, rather than any change in instrumentation.)  In general, the definitive version of most Genesis songs is the studio version, in my view.  So this Genesis live album, besides providing those who wanted it with a concert souvenir, is all about proving to the rest of us who didn't attend that Phil Collins could handle the Gabriel vocals, and that the live band could reproduce the studio sound.  In those days, prog bands still didn't release 'greatest hits' albums, so a live album partly fulfilled that purpose too.<br />I was interested to hear how Thompson and Bruford, two of my favourite drummers, mingled with the Genesis band.  They do well, but Genesis was never predominantly about percussion.<br />If you think you'll only ever buy one Genesis album, get this.  If you want to hear how their better studio tracks sound when performed to a live audience, get this.  But this is no MADE IN JAPAN or 8:30 (Weather Report's 2nd live album).  The tunes are almost identical to the studio versions, but less perfect.
0380977281|5.0|This book was so great that I couldn't put it down.  I read it in one sitting and was thoroughly enthralled from the beginning.  I highly recommend this adventure for everyone looking for some interesting reading.
B000002UB3|5.0|This is one of the few albums in The Beatles catalogue that has been digitally re-mastered, and that was in 1987. I think that it's about time that the whole Beatles catalogue be remastered. How can a group as popular, and whose albums still sell like hotcakes, not be. If an... album like John and Yoko's &quot;Wedding Album&quot; can be remastered, then why not the brilliant Beatles. Anyway, now I have that off my chest, to this album. Definately one of the best rock albums ever. The Beatles had an uncanny way of including so many different styles on their albums. Rock, pop, and even silly little catchy songs like &quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer&quot; and &quot;Octopus's Garden&quot;. There's not much more I can say that hasn't been said hundreds of times before. This album really is a necessity in any cd collection.
0140177396|5.0|George Milton, a little man physically, tried to receive a harvesting job along with his close friend Lennie, who on the other hand, is a giant of a man physically, but very slow mentally.  George acted like Lennie's older brother and watched out for him. Their boss stated, \\"Well, I never seen one guy take so much trouble for another guy. I just like to know what your interest is\\" (25). \\"Lennie kills without malice--  animals and people die simply because of his strength.  Lennie himself must die simply because within the society of man he is an anomaly and weak.\\"  The theme of the book is universal,\\" a friendship and a shared dream that makes an individual's existence meaningful.\\"  The great, classical novel will remain well read, and a well-liked book for ages to come.      The book Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck is an attempt to reveal  \\"commitment, loneliness, hope, and loss remains,\\" along with the labor forces in the late 1930's.  Reader can easily relate to the characters and setting in the novel and, as a result, the book has influenced many readers.  The book had great significance on the readers during the time in which the book was written.  The style of writing is very simplistic, easy to understand, and very entertaining. \\" Part of Steinbeck's greatness lies in his ability to capture this tone of basic reality.\\"  Steinbecks'style of simplicity and easy reading in Of Mice and Men captures the reader's interest right from the get go, and along with the easy relating themes and plot keeps the readers attention until the last words are read.      \\"John Steinbeck is famous for his compassionate depiction of people of the bottom of American Society,\\" In this book, like so many of his others, he describes the time period, social events, and gives a clear pictures of what life was like. Steinbeck is mostly known for his great attention to detail and his sense of social justice in Of Mice and Men. George is a small man, who not only has himself to look afterbut also has the job of looking after and caring for his mentally delayed friend Lennie. George said, \\"Whatever we ain't got, that's what you want. God a'mighty, if I was alone I could live so easy. I could go get a job an' work, an no trouble. No mess at all, and when the end of the month come I could take my fifty bucks and go into town and get whatever I want\\" (11-12).  As they grow up they find the true friendship they have is so important, along with the commitment to one another.  This great novel will remain a classic forever.
0783240287|5.0|I never saw Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat with Donny Osmond before, so I decided to watch this and found it to be extremely good.  I was amazed at the singing quality by all of the actors.  It was staged in a great way.  I actually felt like I was sitting in a theatre with the best view of the stage!  For someone who was really skeptical about seeing this show, this proved me to be a huge fan of it.  I highly recommend this to anyone who loves musicals and/or Donny Osmond's voice:)  Maria Friedman is amazing as the Narrator, as is Robert Torti (Pharoh).  You will love this once you see it.
0783231032|3.0|Yes, the general consensus is that this movie is terrible.  But this is simply not true.  It may not be comparable to the rest of the Speilberg canon, but thats where the first mistake lies in judging this film.  Its a big dumb comedy filled with slapstick, pratfalls and belly laughs, its not designed to be anything else.  If anyone but Spielberg directed this it would've been better received, I'm sure.  Methinks the wolves were sharpening their knives back in '79, waiting for a glitch in the armor.    That said, John Belushi's histrionics tend to grate, and the Tim Matheson/Nancy Allen subplot is just plain stupid, but thankfully this is an ensemble comedy, and these bits are just small parts of the whole.     As for the DVD, the film looks great, and the bonus materials will give you more info than you ever thought you could handle about the making of 1941.  The making of documentary is feature length in its own right, and it doesnt try to hide the fact that the film was badly received.  In fact, a large portion of the special features Speilberg rightly defending it against its many detractors, explaining that he thinks that its funny. So do I.
0811826848|5.0|How many people have tried to explain  how good these musicians and people are and were, well now its time for the men that were involved with this great book, i think it is more  then a story it is a very human experience, i mean can you imagine living through Beatlemania and beyond, in their shoes. I wish that they would be recognized as people  sharing their type of music with us instead of just being Beatles. I remember when i was 4 years old The Beatles came to our Radio station when we lived in Longview Tx, it  was KLUE, i love the Beatles as people then musicians, i only wish they knew it-Mark Williams
B00004XONN|5.0|I only heard the songs Creep and Karma Police before this. I heard Optimistic, but I didn't like it too much. But then I chose to listen to this at the Hastings close to me. I've been wanting to buy it since then. Cuz before I used to always hear about them but not know them that much. The lyrics are mainly sarcastic, even though it doesn't bother me. It feels like Pink Flloyd but a present day version. Also a British NIN. This is in my opinion, a masterpiece since I didn't know what to expect. They've also got their own individual genius sound.
0440234743|1.0|This was the first Grisham book I've read and frankly I wasastonished by how immature and sloppy his writing is given his immensepopularity. It seemed there was at least one mixed metaphor or sloppyanalogy per page.<br />For example Grisham writes &quot;Then they spenttwo painful hours wasting the five million...&quot; when what he meansis that they spent two hours discussing how the five million waswasted. I know this is colloquial but it's also sloppy andunacceptable from such an experienced writer. At another point herefers to the &quot;havoc&quot; someone can &quot;sow&quot;.  I couldgo on and on; he does this kind of thing over and over.<br />This is thekind of writing that gets one a reprimand from a high school englishteacher (which I am not, by the way). I'm just amazed that this guy isas popular as he is when his writing is as bad as it is.<br />On top ofall that I think the plot of this story is ridiculous. Not only is theending very disappointing (as noted elsewhere in these reviews) butthe whole plot is unbelievable. The characters are poorly drawn andblend together. And the writing is flat and monotonous. His style isso labored and his cadence so repetitive.<br />Don't waste yourtime. Find a better writer.
B00005176F|3.0|For me it's much too early for a band that was a sickening Drunken mess that made an unexpected comeback in the Melody Maker Tent at Reading '93,(Their Best Gig) to release a Greatest Hits CD. The Running order is abit of a Blur as well. I've seen Blur play over 100 times, Even in America, And still think Their New Cd is a case of Modern life is Rubbish.  As most of the Post Woo Hooh and all that ware's off, Blur still have alot to offer, In My opinion Their B-Sides Rule Supreme (Camden) aside, 'Into Another' is the best song Blur have ever Recorded. That even made a comeback in BBC Session Form on Music is My Radar CD1. So to finish (Notice No Review Of Any Tracks!) Don't buy this, Instead Hunt down a good B-Side Cd.
6300216365|4.0|Play It Again, Sam is the prototype to about 20 of Woody Allen's films: The ones about a clumsy, philosophy-minded guy who has huge problems with his love life and therefore turns to arts in order to handle his problems. In Play It Again, Sam, this happens more explicitly than usual, since Allen (which is Allen's name in the film too!) gets advice from Humphrey Bogart throughout the film.<br />Very witty and very wise, this film! One of the best, AND one of the funniest, of Woody Allen's films.
B00004T9UF|5.0|ok. go get this album. believe me, you will not regret purchasing this album. all the songs are down-to-earth and some of it are not meant to be taken seriously - just for the fun of it. it's great to hear Eminem lambasting his mother, wife, Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, Jennifer Lopez, Puff Daddy, *NSync, NKOTB, Christopher Reeves, Kurt Cobain, Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Spice Girls and many more.  once you listen to it, you will never want to stop. P/S: don't buy this unless you have an open mind and a sense of humour AND a Slim Shady lurking inside you. This album certainly ROCKS!Period.
630518299X|4.0|It's a great concept! And I can't imagine anyone better suited for the Truman role than Jim Carrey. This whole thing about playing with a real person's life, controlling it and reducing it into some fantasy world... or how is it now... what is real, and what is fantasy, and in whose fantasy is what real, and vice versa?? It is interesting, an interesting (and relevant!) approach to our fake televisionized Big Brother world. And The Truman Show gives the meta theme a lot of humouristic touches as well.<br />In other words, a great film. BUT it would have been an even greater film if it had ended about six minutes before it does. In my eyes, these unnecessary, and even ruining, last six minutes are typical for USAmerican films. It's like they have to explain everything in every detail in order to make the dim viewer understand what's going on. The punchline and morality would have been far more efficient, and far more frightening, had the film just stopped when Truman... no, I'm not going to tell you; watch the film instead!
B00000IAU3|5.0|i've just listened to this cd for the first time and i love it.  i can't say that about many cd's after one listen. i already look forward to her next release.
B0000524E5|4.0|I went into this film with not one clue as to what it was about.   I had heard Jessica Simpson was up for a role at one stage and assumed it was to be your typical teen-flick for young, annoying girls - I was dead-wrong.   As a huge movie fan, and one who enjoys strong stories like Seven and American History X, I can assure you that it takes a lot to impress me.   I'm not saying this is an original story, or that it packs a punch like those two films, but it certainly is an enjoyable film with strong characters that you really come to like very quickly.   Maria Bello is fantastic as the straight-talking owner of Coyote Ugly, and Adam Garcia plays a sweet and noble comic collector to perfection.   Don't trust the reviews that say this is crap - the story is solid, the cast is flawless and the music will have you out to buy the soundtrack in no time.
B00003XB8K|2.0|Most of the music has such a similar beat that you find it hard to tell one from the other. This group is good to fall asleep by. Get some variation please.... we need more music worthy of the New Age. I will continue to search.
B00004SCX6|3.0|Okay, Britney Spears has an obvious pop appeal that drives young people crazy. No one can deny that. If she was, however, a stronger vocalist and not a producers' puppet, her music would be so much better. The title track is an infectious tune that I couldn't get out of my head for weeks. &quot;Stronger&quot; is pure girl power and hides her weak vocals substantially well. <br />That's just it! If she was a stronger singer and half of the irritating background noise was cut out, this album, and Spears herself, would be more impressive. If Britney wants a long career, she is going to have to grow up sooner or later. The Spice Girls had to. Their new album is set to a mature, R&amp;B beat. They found the key to appealing to a more mature audience and perhaps longevity. Pop eventually BURNS OUT! So will Britney...Just like Debbie Gibson and Tiffany.
B000031XCR|5.0|Esta es la musica que mas me gusta. Celin Dion es la mejor voz que he escuchado. Me gustaria tener toda su musica.
B000002ARV|5.0|Johnny Winter's '73 comeback classic the Rockin'-Blues smash Still Alive And Well has finally made it onto CD. This Lp put Winter back into the public eye after a semi-retreat from the biz and he delivered the goods and lived up to the title in more than one way. This CD is a must in any Winter fans collection especially for the 2 additional bonus cuts &quot;Lucille&quot; &amp; &quot;From A Buick Six&quot; that hail from the Lp's sessions. Although both these cuts lack the fiery lead work of the man, in the liner notes it is explained that these are just the rhythm tracks but were never completed. They earn their place on this CD despite Winter's missing git... the basic tracks roll! Best of all this a budget $$$ CD, so add it to your archives now!
B00003CXB6|1.0|OK so we're back to genetically engineered dinosaurs.  Can we at least get one new idea?  This was one of the worst movies I ever bothered to see, and based on one of the worst books I ever bothered to read, so why did I?  Because the first book and movie were good.  (The original movie pales next to the book, but don't they all?)<br />The acting is second-rate at its best, and the young girl was terrible.  The special effects have all been done before, and the Godzilla run through San Diego was at least funny when you could laugh at the rubber monster rather than trying to believe it.
B00004WKII|5.0|This box set is fantastic!  Far exceeded my expectations.  I would have paid the price just for the live cuts of Little Wing, Red House, and Voodoo Chile on disk 3... but you get so much more.  Every disk is loaded with great material. I really enjoyed the booklet too. It gives background on every song and has lots of great pictures.
B0000029DD|5.0|Mojo Pin - delicate, but also very agressive.  beautiful vocals on the intro. very mysterious sounding.  Great drums and intertwining guitar part.<br />Grace - very well crafted.  exciting sforzandos and sweeping crescendos.  cool bridge.  resembles Led Zeppelin.  sings with reckless abandon.<br />Last Goodbye - pretty, but still rocks.  bass and drums are groovin.  also a great bridge.  same transcedent feeling as Grace.<br />Lilac Wine - Nina Simone cover.  very smooth.  sensual yearning vocals.<br />So Real - creepy, dejected feel.  unique piece of songwriting.  pefectly crafted.  great lyrics.  the band is locked.  complete with whispered vocals.  perfect.<br />Hallelujah - beautifully poetic Leanord Cohen cover.  beautiful guitar work.  quiet.  long.  tearjerker.<br />Lover, You Should've Come Over.  yearning, emotional, but very mature.  great lyrics.  may hit close to home.  impressive piece of work.<br />Corpus Christi Carol - neo-gothic hymnal.  great falsetto.  kind of creepy.<br />Eternal Life - very cool intro.  ultra agressive punch in the gut.  RHCP-like interplay between drums and bass.<br />Dream Brother - great end to album.  lyrics are AWESOME.  great drums.  scary.  like noting you've heard.  great dynamics.  genius.  check out Mystery White Boy version.<br />Please forgive my brevity. I want to give you an idea of the songs rather than sound like an over-pretentious goon.  I cannot express how amazing these songs are.  I cannot fairly make comparisons to Led Zeppelin or label a certain sound because each song is distictly Jeff Buckley.  He was a virtuoso, and his death was so unfortunate.  His music had a maturity and sophistication totally new to 1993.  As corny as it is to say it, Grace may be the most perfect album of all time.  Do yourself a huge favor and give it a try!
B000050IMJ|5.0|What are you looking for? If you're looking for a dramatic love movie with in-depth plot, you're not going to find it here.  What you have before you is a classic movie for the car addict.  With any car you can dream of, (except the dodge viper), this movie keeps the action coming while enthralling the viewer with continuously glamorous cars.  And unlike many other reviewers say, the characters are more developed than one would expect from a high speed action car show.  Nicholas Cage takes the role (not very deep, but in demand for an actor that can play the role without coming accross as lame) perfectly.  His talent, along with Duval, and the other thiefs makes the film more enjoyable than the normal action car flick.  With the combination of great actors and good dirrecting, Gone in 60 Seconds takes its place on my top 10 list any day.  Unless you are a tired, cranky critic that only likes mushy slop, you will enjoy this movie.
B00003W8NM|5.0|What can you say about a movie this shocking and fearless?  I don't even like violence, but this is one of my favorite films.  Brad Pitt and Edward Norton were both excellent in their roles.  I have to say that I'm glad that Pitt is finally getting the respect he deserves from the male audience.  I think that before this film, he was viewed as a &quot;teeny-bop heart throb,&quot; which I always believed was an unfair description.  After his performances in such films as &quot;Interview with the Vampire&quot; and &quot;12 Monkeys,&quot; I think he proved himself.  But apparently &quot;Fight Club&quot; is the movie that has earned him the respect he deserves as an actor.<br />I respect the way the film followed the book closely, and I think it actually worked even better on the sceen.  And besides from the movie itself, this DVD is also one of the better &quot;Special edition&quot; DVDs out there.  It contains lots of nifty extras, that are very entertaining all alone.<br />Excellent film.  Excellent DVD.
B00003CXHJ|1.0|the acting was terrible and the story was ludicrous, but thats just the begining. the technical innaccuracies were astounding to say the least, depth charges cannot be reeled off at the pace they were in this film, shooting a gun on a wwII uboat is not a great idea, cavitating was an unknown concept in wwII, i could go on and on...<br />the absolute worst part of it though was the sidelining of real history. the enigma was captured by a royal navy (great britain) ship and it wasn't even slightly exciting (well at least in a hollywood sense) the german uboat was simply hit by a depth charge and upon surfacing the crew surrendered. the opertator in charge of the enigma one time pad didn't do his job and destroy the pad. simple as that...as a final insult the tacked on title &quot;honoring&quot; the real heroes was also annoying in that the one united states military achievment was posted as USS... of the United States Navy, while the british were simply listed as RMS (royal majesties ship) which i doubt 80% of people here in the states would know.<br />again even without the historical and technical absurdities it was still one of the worst films i ever seen.
B00003CXP1|1.0|I can not imagine it being any more obvious and two dimensional.  The end was a surprise, but only because nobody in their right mind would have written that ending.  As I had not seen the characters as anything other than poor actors, I really did not have much of a reaction to the ending, other than the erie realization that the director could indeed sink lower.
B00003000M|1.0|The problem with this tribute is that all the original songs were much better than these re-recorded versions. The artists on this album simply added a drum machine and rap samples to the recordings. And for the critic below me- the original \\"Roots Rock Reggae\\" is a fabulous song, Bob Marley said reggae is the \\"king's music.\\" The critic below me couldn't possibly tell me that the original Bob Marley recording of Roots Rock Reggae was any more insipid than any song on Chant Down Babylon. Re-interpret Bob Marley's music as much as you want, but you are not going to get anywhere with a drum machine and rapping skills. I am fine with interpretation, but don't defend the remixes.
052594527X|4.0|The novel Girl With a Pearl Earring by Tracy Chevalier tells the story of a sixteen-year old Dutch girl named Griet who lives in Delft, Holland during the 17th Century. After financial difficulties in the home she is sent to work as a maid in the Catholic house of the painter Johannes Vermeer. Griet is a hard working employee whose main purpose is to clean Vermeer's art studio. She begins to capture the attention of Vermeer and is later employed as his assistant. She interacts with Vermeer's jealous wife, his cunning mother in law Maria Thins, as well as the couple's six children. Griet also catches the interest of the local butcher and tries to escape from the inappropriate advances made by Van Ruijven one of Vermeer's wealthy clients. Griet learns to find her way through the new and strange life that she has gained outside the familiar loving Protestant family that she grew up in.  Chevalier wonderfully portrays Delft in the mid-seventeenth century. She writes of the canals, markets, and churches in the Netherlands in much detailed description while also recounting the endless drudgery of a maidservant's life. Chevalier's use of description in the novel shows the love that Griet begins to posses of the dull chores that she accomplishes. <br /> I came to love grinding the things he brought from the apothecary--bones, white l lead, madder, massicot--to see how bright and pure I could get the colors. I  learned that the finer the materials were ground the deeper the color. From rough,  dull grains madder became a fine bright red powder and, mixed with linseed oil, a  sparkling paint. Making it and the other colors was magical.    This passage shows the interest that Griet has while she grinds items in the studio. The author shows this interest through the description of the process of making paint. You see the passion that Griet feels about her work in the studio.   The only minus of the novel was that occasionally the pace of the book became a bit slow and monotonous at times. Although, I greatly enjoyed the book and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys historical fiction and art. The novel is refreshing and very well written. It is a short but sweet read, which I highly recommend.
B00003CXCS|5.0|Too often, I have been disappointed in the supplemental material included in DVDs.<BR><br />This one is an exception.  The supplemental DVD has the &quot;Making of&quot; special, as well as a lot of other historical information which I found interesting.  My child is too young to appreciate the significance of the von Trapp's flight from Austria, but for an older child this could be an easy way to pique their interest in history.<BR><br />The movie disc is also wonderful.  I watched Sound of Music for the first time in wide screen format and was amazed at the overhead shots of the mountains.  They looked totally different in wide screen format.
0393316041|3.0|Truth is sometimes funnier than fiction. This book proves it.<br />Unfortunately there are a few parts this book could have done without.  One chapter that starts out trying to sound anecdotal ends up making the point that women will only sleep with you if you treat them poorly.  Other parts of the book make him sound incredibly pompus.  For example, after taking an art class he complains about not being taken seriously as an artist because of his physics background.  He brags about the fact that he brainstorms in seedy strip joints, apparently he thinks this makes him cool.  <br />It was too bad really, because there are a lot of funny things in this book.
078322687X|4.0|I watched this movie for the first time in a leadership class at school and thought,&quot;WOW!&quot; This movie is awesome. After seeing this movie I became more and more interested in 80's teen movies.(I barely turned 17). These movies arent as raunchy (but raunchy is good) and they are more believeable. I just hope that other of todays teens discover these movies and find out what they missed out on.
0441172717|5.0|Dune is a classic on so many levels. There's not much I can say that hasn't been said by other reveiwers, but I wanted a chance to throw my five stars in.<br />If you haven't read this sci fi masterpiece, pick it up (or check it out of the library or borrow it from a friend) and give it a look. It will take you to another world, as the best fiction always does.
B0000508U6|5.0|&quot;Parachutes&quot; is a really astonishing debut album from the British band Coldplay.  &quot;Parachutes&quot; is best described as a mood piece--mellow, melodic, acoustic guitar, mopey at times but ultimately convinced that &quot;Everything's Not Lost.&quot;<br />Coldplay's sound is a mixture of shimmering guitars, keyboards, and Chris Martin's incredible voice.  His voice is probably the cause of the many Thom Yorke, Fran Healy and Jeff Buckley comparisons--like those three singers, he makes very effective use of his falsetto.  His voice just crackles with real emotion.  They have a great tendency to pair rhythm acoustic and lead electric guitars, which produces a very specificly textured and meshed sound.<br />All the tracks on the album are worth a listen.  Highlights include the sublime &quot;Shiver&quot; (truly swoon-worthy), &quot;Yellow&quot; (simply romantic), &quot;Trouble,&quot; and the last track, &quot;Everything's Not Lost.&quot;<br />Highly recommended to fans of Travis's &quot;The Man Who&quot; and Radiohead's &quot;The Bends.&quot;  Coldplay shares a general musical aesthetic with those two bands, but they also have their own sound and musical project.  Listen to the sound clips, and you'll see how Coldplay is both familiar and unique.   You won't be wasting your money if you pick this album up.<br />
B000000W5F|5.0|Tattoo You is a collection of songs that were originally recorded during the 70's.  The band went back them and re-recorded them in a straight up rock sound that harkened back to their late 60's, early 70's heyday.  &quot;Start Me Up&quot; was originally recorded in a slow reggae style, but here it is a powerful rocker and one of their most identifiable songs.  &quot;Hang Fire&quot; is a frenetic rocker with a doo-woopy chorus and &quot;Little T &amp; A&quot; is a great Keith Richards song that sounds like an updated Chuck Berry song.  &quot;Neighbours&quot; is another upbeat tune while &quot;Waiting On A Friend&quot; closes the album out on a soulful note.  The album turned out to be one of the biggest of their career spending nine weeks at number one, the most of any Stones album.
B000003BEV|4.0|The much maligned Their Satanic Majesties Request is The Rolling Stones obvious response to The Beatles Sgt. Pepper's album.  The band dived headfirst into the psychedelic sounds of 1967's Summer of Love and the album sounds like no other in their catalog.  Despite the criticism and attempt to keep pace with the Beatles (including the original 3-D cover), the album contains some excellent songs.  The album opens up strong with the overture &quot;Sing This All Together&quot; with it's horns and sound effects and then slides right into the grinding guitar of &quot;The Citadel&quot;.  Bill Wyman's only lead vocal on a Stone's album is &quot;In Another Land&quot; and upon listening to it you can hear why it was his first and last.  He has a tremendously thin voice and he makes Ringo Starr sound like Pavarotti.  &quot;2000 Man&quot; is fast-paced and along with &quot;2000 Light Years From Home&quot; are the best songs on the album.  The reprise of &quot;Sing This All Together&quot; is a major misstep and is a really bad song, but they pick up again with the flowery &quot;She's A Rainbow&quot;.  This album has taken an undue amount of heat, but as the years have passed, it should be looked at for what it is, a solid foray into the psychedelic arena by one of the best bands of all-time.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Stunning production values, a stirring score by Hans Zimmer, and exemplary performances by Russell Crowe and the always terrific Joaquin Phoenix make this film - one of 2000's biggest blockbusters - a must-have for any serious DVD collector.  Hollywood doesn't get much better than this.  The opening battle scene alone is worth the price of admission.<br />The bonus disc includes a sequence of scenes left on the cutting room floor with Ridley Scott's commentary and a montage of deleted scenes set to Hans Zimmer's score specially edited for this DVD.
B000003BE4|5.0|Out Of Our Heads contains the strongest original material from the band's first few albums released between 1963-1965.  Of course &quot;(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction&quot; tops the list and with it's fuzz guitar riff, it is one of the most memorable songs in history.  &quot;Play With Fire&quot; shows off a more mature edge.  The covers they choose are consistently on target including the menacing &quot;The Spider &amp; The Fly&quot;, the powerful &quot;That's How Strong My Love Is&quot; and &quot;Mercy, Mercy&quot;.  Heads marks a major leap by the Jagger-Richards songwriting team and the band was really starting the gel.
B000001Y5J|5.0|As a muscian I feel that this record depicts the beginings of an artform for one imagination.  This was the first recognized Trent Reznor work and it speaks to everyone that has an open mind.  Even if we aren't death and sorrow freaks, we find ourselves within his music.  We are a piece of it like everyone else.  Broken can be treated as an introduction to Trent.  I don't believe it is better or worse than any of his other albumns; when an art is released, it's value is determined solely by the listener.  I can only ask you to listen and hope you open your eyes to see something that has been there all along but that people refuse to see as true.
B00002EPJH|4.0|A music teacher once told me that the secret to both writing music and performing it is to know what to leave out. Keith Jarrett is an astonishing musician and this release does not disappoint. His intention was to find the essence of each song and to present it as honestly and unadorned as possible. The playing is beautiful and speaks of his classical training.<br />Although contrasting style in the CD might have been welcome, his effort is quite successful. The arrangement of &quot;Shenandoah&quot; alone is almost enough to recommend this recording. Those who appreciate not only his excellent jazz output but also his classical recordings (Handel, Bach, etc.) should enjoy this release.
B00003CXP1|5.0|In a year of mega hyped flicks, and mega bombs, it was very refreshing to stumble upon a wonderful peice of filmaking. &quot;Requiem For A Dream&quot; has tight direction, a great story, and the best acting.<br />Can a film about drug abuse really affect the new cynical seen-it-all audiences of today? Well let me tell you this, the film made me and my date actually cry a couple of times. The Ellen Burstyn monologue in the middle of the movie, about being alone, wins the Oscar for her. Julia Roberts? Whatever. It would be a shame if the academy mistaked her clevage baring and mega watt smile for acting in &quot;Erin Brockovich&quot;, and ignored Ellen.<br />Another flick garnering raves is &quot;Traffic&quot;, a longer, all star flick, that after watching &quot;Requiem&quot; bored me. It paled in comparrison to &quot;Requiem&quot;. Jared Leto, looking very emaciated also plays his part very well. He shows how desperate a drug addled person can be. I don't like revealing too much in my reviews, but those who saw it, the scene in the car when Jared revealed his arm to Marlon Wayans was disgusting, but I could not keep my eyes away from the screen. Jennifer Connely also turns a shockingly great performance. The film I really remember her from is &quot;Labyrinth&quot;. With this movie she proves she does indeed have acting chops, The scene where she goes to her therapists apartment made me feel for her. Marlon Wayans, after a horrifically awful performance in &quot;Scary Movie&quot; rebounds with a steady performance here. The scene about him not letting his mom down was sweet and sad. This performance should help him shed his goofball image. But with &quot;Scary Movie 2&quot; comming out he is just moving backward again.<br />Now all my praises to Darren Aronofsky. A man who should win Best Director. His subject matter was harsh, he picked under the radar stars, he adapted the story from a book, and did it all very well. This guy knows what he is doing. The movie is very vivid and to me looked real. I live in NYC and I have seen people affected by drug use. And I know that rarely there is a happy ending. Like &quot;Traffic&quot; with it's stupid Michael Douglas ending about his daughter, who was a super addict having ... for ...., who then turns out to be chipper and happy in the end. Yeah right, only @ the movies. The ending in &quot;Requiem&quot; was far more realistic, and it haunted me for days.<br />The Best Movie Of 2000! I highly recommend it. And fans who have already seen it, check out the website @ ... .very vivid and to me looked real. I live in NYC and I have seen people affected by drug use. And I know that rarely there is a happy ending. Like &quot;Traffic&quot; with it's stupid Michael Douglas ending about his daughter, who was a super addict having ... for ...., who then turns out to be chipper and happy in the end. Yeah right, only @ the movies. The ending in &quot;Requiem&quot; was far more realistic, and it haunted me for days. <br />The Best Movie Of 2000! I highly recommend it. And fans who have already seen it, check out the website @ ... .
6304119046|1.0|What is everyone's morbid fascination with this movie? I found it to be very boring and worthless. The acting is not good and the story is dull. I understand that Welles broke new ground with technology during the filming. So What? If it was not done by him it would of been done by someone. I give this movie zero stars and just to warn people not to waste their money on this flop.
B000002KHF|5.0|This has got to be one of the greatest albums by Van Morrison.  It is certainly the best I have heard.  I just got a copy of it on LP today and its great, I just keep listing to it over and over.
0783227256|5.0|This is an important video to see.  Based on the historical incident in 1839 of a group of 45 slaves who took over their ship, the Amistad,  and wound up in Connecticut.  This is a the story of slavery as only Steven Spielberg could tell it.  And it is also the story of the United States of America headed toward civil war, the story of petty politics, and a serious debate in front of the supreme court with Anthony Hopkins as John Quincy Adams.<br />The film is full of those modern touches that make it so typical of movies of the late 1990's.  Subtitles are used as the slaves speak in their own language and the Spanish crews speak in theirs.  This adds an authenticity to the story.  In contrast, another 1990s touch that detracts from its authenticity is that the slaves all look as if their well-muscled bodies were toned in modern gyms.<br />The scenes of the Africans on the slave ship are the most moving that I have ever seen filmed.  The chains are heavy and real, the terror and despair excruciating, the entire ordeal brought to the screen in horrifying detail.  Contrasted to this are the Americans in Connecticut, doing their best to create this new country.  There are abolitionists spouting moral values, lawyers debating whether the Africans are slaves or free people because of details of law, and an international treaty with Spain that is rife with politics.<br />The video is three hours long, which could have been trimmed by at least an hour.  The speeches get a little pompous sometimes and go on much longer than they need to.  Morgan Freeman plays a role that has obviously been written in to show that there were some wealthy free blacks in that era, a role which should have been either expanded or eliminated.<br />Although not perfect, this video should be seen.  Sometimes it's easy to forget how young the United States actually is and how rooted in the past our politics are. Armistad certain deepens our understanding of this heritage and enlightens us about some unpleasant truths.  Truths that we, as a people, need to look at.ome unpleasant truths.  Truths that we, as a people, need to look at.
6305657939|3.0|First of all, I was disappointed because I was given the impression that &quot;The Thomas Crown Affair&quot; would be similar to &quot;Entrapment.&quot;  Instead, it's based on a love story between Brosnan and Russo.  Even though TTCA didn't offer what I expected, I was impressed by other parts of this movie.  The acting was superb, Brosnan and Russo are equally great actors.  The concept of the movie was also great, too.  Brosnan was sexy and sleek as the rich guy who thought it was fun to steal paintings from the art museum.  Other than that, I rate it a THREE, because this isn't my kind of movie.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I want to start off by saying if you are one of those people that faints at the sight of blood, or is deeply disturbed by a little violence than FIGHT CLUB is not for you! Now for the rest of you that can distinguish a movie from reality here is my review. FIGHT CLUB starts out a little slow by introducing you to the no name narrator and ticking-time bomb played by Edward Norton. On a plane ride he meets a soap salesman named Tyler Durden played by BRAD PITT. The two meet on a plane ride and Tyler gives Edward Nortons character his card. After the Narrators (Edward Norton) apartment blows up he calles Tyler hinting around that he needs a place to stay so, Tyler than invites him to stay at his place. Eventually the two start a new form of therapy by getting out there aggression and starting a underground club called FIGHT CLUB. Everything seems to be going great untill Marla Singer (played by HELENA BONHAM CARTER) gets in the way and makes a bad situation even worse. FIGHT CLUB has little to do with fighting and more to do with the way EDWARD NORTON's charater can not come to terms with his multiple personalities. I don't want to give away the plot, but if I don't give it away many of you might not give this movie a fair chance, by making preconceived notions about the film before you even see it. EDWARD NORTON's charater and BRAD PITTS character are the SAME! Edward creates Tyler Durden who is someone he sees himself as, someone with confidence, someone who takes risks, and most importantly someone who is a leader and knows where he is going! This movie will surprise you with the clues it gives you during the whole movie, yet you never seem to come to terms with what is really going on untill the end when you discover that the two lead charaters are actually the same person. This movie is in the tradtion as such classics as THREE FACES OF EVE, SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, and SEVEN. This movie was over looked by so many, and being a huge BRAD PITT fan I truly believe he gave one of his BEST performances in this movie! Check it out it is a great flick and with the BONUS disc it offers 4 commentaries, 17 behind the scenes vignettes, Multiple Angles, theatrical previews and much more. I highly encourage any of you to BUY FIGHT CLUB!ve one of his BEST performances in this movie! Check it out it is a great flick and with the BONUS disc it offers 4 commentaries, 17 behind the scenes vignettes, Multiple Angles, theatrical previews and much more. I highly encourage any of you to BUY FIGHT CLUB!
B00004U8H4|1.0|this film is garbage.  poor acting, even worse dialogue, and for fans to even compare it to Fight Club or Natural Born Killers is an absolute disgrace.  having a script with zero substance and no compelling characters must have been a real pleasure for the director to work with.  along with Virgin Suicides, this would rank as my least favorite DVD rental in the past 12 months.
B000003JDA|5.0|When Music fans like me had decided that the band had reached  a Creative Nadir after a sting of Average,Mediocre,Commercial releases such as CATFISH RISING, ROCK ISLAND etc we were proved wrong by the Release of 'ROOTS TO BRANCHES' which marked the Reemergence of Jethro Tull as a more Mature,Refined and Complete band.This album has lot of Oriental Influences(Arabian,Indian)probably due to Ian anderson's visit to India and Tull concert's held there during 94.In fact I was a witness to the concert held in my hometown Madras in feb 94.The Flute playing here is much more disclipined as can be evidenced in numbers such as Atlast forever,Another harry's bar etc.The first half of the disc has lot of eastern influences with excellent Bamboo Flute work by Ian anderson and guitar work by Martin Barre.Doanne Perry has done a very commendable job on the Drums.Anderson's vocals here is much more subdued and crispier and fits in well the mood of the album.With this album, Tull has begun to redefine their sound with a much more classy approach(both eastern and western),but yet still retaining their original identity which is characterised by progressions and syncopations.Therefore,as already mentioned by a few reviewers,if you are a die hard fan  of the much cliched 'AQUALUNG' or 'THICK AS A BRICK'and also Closed Minded and Obsessed about it,then you might not appreciate the greatness of this work.Beauty of this work will only only be revealed to an Open Minded listener.
6305078181|4.0|Being 18, no one would hardly suspect that someone of this new generation would have a soft spot for this movie, despite it's age. I beg to differ. I don't find the need to talk you thorough the basic premise, for Dracula is a fairly well-known figure; however, one this is for sure is that John Badham's retelling of the classic horror story has thrown in a far more obvious sense of dependency, seduction and temptation. The sheer atmopshere of this movie is set from the very beginning upon the doomed schooner and is continued through the magnificent ruin of Carfax Abbey, Seward's home and the sanitarium. The set construction is a beautiful feature that truly stands out and creates a lasting impression, along with the wonderful landscape photography.  The acting also lives up to the movie's visual beauty with an absolutely highly erotic performance by the great Frank Langella who exudes a sexuality that truly does overcome the grave. Commdendation also to the lovely Kate Nelligan who provides a solid 3D performance as Lucy, the woman who captures Dracula's heart and thirst. Laurence Olivier and Donald Plesence give their characters of Seward and the great vampire hunter Van Helsing with gusto and skill. A special mention that I must make would go to Janine Duvitski, the actress who played the eccentric Annie. If you really do want a different flavour to the tale of Dracula, that gives the word &quot;temptation&quot; a new name, please, give John Badham's version of &quot;Dracula&quot; a chance. Hey, if a 21st century young adult can enjoy this movie, you can too!
B00004SU5J|5.0|My friend recommended this to me, and although I trust his musical expertise I was a bit skeptical because I don't quite like popular music, especially of the techno and electronica variety. Fortunately, as I'm listening to it, I'm fantastically surprised to experience just what my friend said. This disc is pure downtempo, jazzy house in the vein of Air, Etienne de Crecy, Alex Gopher, Bob Sinclair, and all the other cool house cats from France. Definitely recommended for fans of Discount, Different, Guidance, and Distance Records releases. If Blue Note continues to put out recs like this baby, we've got a major new force in dance music. Just weird they'd put out something like this.
6305078181|4.0|Being 18, no one would hardly suspect that someone of this new generation would have a soft spot for this movie, despite it's age. I beg to differ. I don't find the need to talk you thorough the basic premise, for Dracula is a fairly well-known figure; however, one this is for sure is that John Badham's retelling of the classic horror story has thrown in a far more obvious sense of dependency, seduction and temptation. The sheer atmopshere of this movie is set from the very beginning upon the doomed schooner and is continued through the magnificent ruin of Carfax Abbey, Seward's home and the sanitarium. The set construction is a beautiful feature that truly stands out and creates a lasting impression, along with the wonderful landscape photography.  The acting also lives up to the movie's visual beauty with an absolutely highly erotic performance by the great Frank Langella who exudes a sexuality that truly does overcome the grave. Commdendation also to the lovely Kate Nelligan who provides a solid 3D performance as Lucy, the woman who captures Dracula's heart and thirst. Laurence Olivier and Donald Plesence give their characters of Seward and the great vampire hunter Van Helsing with gusto and skill. A special mention that I must make would go to Janine Duvitski, the actress who played the eccentric Annie. If you really do want a different flavour to the tale of Dracula, that gives the word &quot;temptation&quot; a new name, please, give John Badham's version of &quot;Dracula&quot; a chance. Hey, if a 21st century young adult can enjoy this movie, you can too!
6305169187|5.0|An asteroid the size of Texas is about to hit Earth and kill us like it killed the dinosaurs. The world's hope rests on the backs of a group of the best oil drillers in the world. They must drill into the asteroid, drop a bomb, and get away before the explosion.<br />Although I do not consider this film a classic, it is still an amazing movie which everyone should watch. The music and special effects are top-notch and the plot keeps you on your toes throughout the entire film. The movie goes off on several storylines but never gets boring and never shies away from the main goal. If you want a good film for Friday night, or whenever, Armageddon should be one of your first choices.
0440539811|5.0|This book is bar far one of my favorites.  It has caused me to go on to read the I Ching, the Principia Discordia, and the Schrodinger's Cat Trilogy, among other things.  I have done several projects in school on this book (though with the graphic violence this is not reccomended - I was able to steer around it but it can be difficult as some of it is needed to describe the plot), one of which being an oral presentation.  Questions asked included 'Oh my god, is this REAL?' and 'Have you seen a psychiatrist lately?'  Enough of that, on to the plot.  The Illuminati are an all-powerful group who control all governments and cause wars to keep the public eye away from them - if you don't believe, look at a dollar bill (explained in depth in the book).  A magazine called Confrontation has its building bombed and the editor goes missing.  George Dorn, reporter for the Confrontation, is arrested in Mad Dog County for possesion of drugs and placed in an abusive jail where he apparantly hallucinates about his own execution - he replies correctly at the correct time, however, and the Discordians, an anti-Illuminati group bomb the prison and free him, bringing him to see Hagbard Celine, leader of the Discordians and captain of a yellow submarine he built in a fjord in Norway.  From there, things get weird.  I have read this book many times - well evident from its wrinkled cover patched with masking tape and dog-eared pages.  I have had this book for two years and it is not yet old, in fact, I plan to buy another copy soon as this one is about to fall apart.
B00003ZKSP|5.0|Why do I say beware up top? Because I've tried purchasing this album three times now, and not once was it packaged correctly. The case itself was fine and all (a digipak with all 19 tracks listed on the back and the lyrics for 'Me Inside' printed on the inside of the case itself) but everything else was utterly wrong. The lyric sheet that was inside had the lyrics to 'Me Inside' and the disc itself only had 17 tracks (missing the song 'Purity' and the 8th insrumental track, but with 'Me Inside' as track 8, plus the two demos and 'Get This') What all this ... amounts to is that I got the '+3' disc packed in the '+4' case--the 17 track (14+3), not the 19 (15+4). In fact I still to this day have not really gotten this CD, but each of the three times I've tried, the same problems are there.<br />Knowing my luck (be it good or bad) I probably got the only three accidental packs that exist. But when I do get the right one, I know it'll deserve the high score above.<br />...I just felt I had to warn y'all.
078322804X|4.0|Let's start by saying that the plot is pretty much ludicrous.  Of course, this does not detract from the quality of the movie.  The plot is not important, except to get from one musical number and/or car chase to another.  The music is superb - entertaining, energetic, and well performed by some very talented musicians.  And Belushi and Aykroyd are not too bad as vocalists, oddly enough.  And the non-musical, non-car chase bits are great fun.<br />The only knock against the movie is its tendency to drag in a few scenes - the chase scenes go on forever, it seems, and there are other scenes that could have been cut out or down as well.  This DVD is an extended version - 15 minutes longer than the original cut, which makes it even worse.  The only addition worth keeping is the extension of the scene containing John Lee Hooker's number - we finally get to hear his whole song.<br />The extras are not numerous.  Most importantly there is a 1 hour documentary/retrospective that is quite interesting.  It includes interviews with most, if not all, of the band members, Aykroyd, Landis, the cinematographer, etc.
0783235615|2.0|The wooden Frederick Stafford is not the kind of  compelling , complex hero (like Cary Grant or James Stewart) of Hitchcock's  earlier films, and the film (which lasts 127 minutes) seems a conventional spy story except, perhaps, in calling attention to the pile of corpses of those who helped the hero.<br />Michel Piccoli is a conventional foil. Philippe Noiret is more interesting as a French NATO official, and John Vernon as a Cuban official. The Cubans are not demonized, though Karin Dor does explain her cooperation to him being because Castro has turned the island she loves into a prison.<br />The film jumps from Copenhagen to Washington to New York to Cuba to Paris. Many of the key scenes are filmed from a distance at which the viewer cannot hear what is said. If the visuals were more interesting, this might work, but as it is, it only makes the characters and their fates seem remote in interest.
6301963717|5.0|The Coen Brothers continue to amaze me. I have not been dissapointed by one movie of theirs. The ability to jump from the slightly surrealistic drama of Barton Fink to the downright hilarity of The Big Lebowski (perhaps the funniest film ever made) leaves me in awe. But Miller's Crossing is where it all comes together to form their most cohesive effort. Nothing is flawed in this movie. It is, in a word, perfect. The first time I saw this, I watched the 'Danny Boy' sequence three times. I remember smiling and thinking that  nothing could ever cinematically top that. Beautiful.
B000031XCR|4.0|I think that this CD is a wonderful collection of Celine's hits and shows off her vocal talent very well; but, as a huge SINATRA fan (I am 35 years old) was very disappointed that there is no reference any where on this album that &quot;All the Way&quot; is a digital duet with &quot;the Voice.&quot;  I love the duet and hope that young people that do not know of Frank Sinatra will want to know more about this wonderful singer.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|The world needs more bands like this.  They come into the scene, witch is not really rock friendly, unless your rapping or a religous group, and play punk music.  But this is a more complex kind of punk, then say the Sex Pistols.  It has more then on dimension.  Sometimes the lyrics don't make sense, but like I said it's punk.
6305657939|2.0|This movie started out promisingly...the heist itself was carried out with some neat twists-Crown was an interesting character, but then...enter the Rene Russo character and it goes downhill.  How he could stand listening to her screech and laugh like a hyena (the sex must've been really, really good!).  We got bored by the time they were in the Caribbean and just wanted it to get over with.
B0000508U6|4.0|This is a great album that brings hope to those of us that remember early Toad the Wet Sprocket, Jesus and the Mary Chain, Faith No More, and Teenage Fan Club.<br />The most original album I've heard in quite a while.
B00000064F|5.0|Nick Drake's Bryter Layter is a unique contrast of lyrical depression and musical hopefulness, a departure from his other material that held a determined consistency in sorrowful (&quot;Way to Blue&quot; and &quot;Place to Be&quot;) or foreboding (&quot;Pink Moon&quot; and &quot;Parasite&quot;) themes.  Yet this should not be mistaken for an uplifting album by any means.  Drake's tidings of regret and loss are evident in &quot;One of These Things First&quot; and &quot;Fly.&quot;  However, the musical arrangement of various instruments at times serves as counterpoints to many of the tracks.  For instance, &quot;Hazy Jane II&quot;  has a driving tempo that gives the song an upbeat quality to it, and the effortless and light-hearted keystrokes of &quot;One of These Things First&quot; almost makes you forget the song's dire message.  This unmistakeable pattern reaches a climax with &quot;Poor Boy,&quot; where the backup choir literally mocks the song's own subject matter: &quot;Oh Poor Boy/So worried about hisself/Oh Poor Boy/So worried 'bout his health.&quot;<br />Drake's brilliance for soft, haunting, yet catchy melodies is well represented on this, his second album.  It is, in my opinion, his finest accomplishment.  There are few weak spots, with &quot;Fly&quot; and its embroidered plaintiveness being the one track I'm not thrilled with.  And while some may describe the three instrumental tracks (&quot;Introduction,&quot; &quot;Bryter Layter&quot; and &quot;Sunday&quot;) as filler, I found each to be delightful and decidedly compatible with the rest of the material.  There should be no mistaking the significance of this record as one of the best of its time.  Drake has influenced many artists, including R.E.M, Beth Orton, Belle &amp; Sebastian, Peter Bruntnell, Paul Weller and Jeff Buckley.  His blend of acoustic folk, strings, baroque and brooding motifs is unlike that of any other artist.  On Bryter Layter, those elements are simultaneously contrary and complimentary to one another...they are as conflicting as fallacy and verity, yet harmonious as night and day, with each possessing the individuality to know its own place in a rich ambiance of musical tranquility.
6305949980|5.0|I remember, as a child, seeing this movie once. I was 8, and to tell the truth, I didnt understood one bit, and got scared a few times. Now, 7 years later, I re-discovered this gem in this DVD, and all I can tell is wow. The movie is marvelous, the score and music are one of the best you can find in a &quot;children&quot; movie, and the DVD extra features gives you the chance to know the secrets of the stop-motion animation. I never though Halloween could be so wonderfull until I saw this movie...
B00000IAU3|5.0|First off I wanna say that if you hate teen pop you'll love this album!!!It aint pop music!!!!Its more techno alternative music and Dido does it soooo well!!!Anyways some of the songs drag a little,but the strong points of the album are definetely &quot;Here with me&quot; &quot;Hunter&quot; &quot;Don't think I'm not&quot; &quot;Thankyou&quot; and &quot;Take my Hand&quot;.!all the ongs are very good,but those are definetely the best tracks on this disk.!She has a great voice though she doesn't sing with Christina Aguilera it doesn't matter as I heard someone say before &quot;Less is more&quot; and she write's all her songs/co-writes...And the result is a wonderfully crafted strong debut for the British artist.!Defeinetely worth the cash check it out!!!And I *HOPE* this was a helpfull review!!!
6304286961|4.0|I really like this movie.  I am a huge Doors fan...I have all the CDs and three books~ Break On Through, No One Here Gets Out Alive, and Light my Fire. The movie is really unfactual~ which irks me solely because people who don't know much about Jim get the completely wrong impression.  It focused on the bad points of him.        The direction was awesome~~ especially the Andy Warhol scene.  Most of the content was made up in the movie (Jim graduated from UCLA film school, etc.) but it was good.  I can't say that I love this movie, because it's the stereotypical view of Jim Morrison~ the easy way out.  It should have focused more on his intellect and poetry.  Ex~ When he was in college, he had lots of books.  He would have his friends come in and pick any book...any page...and read him a paragraph.  He would then tell them the title, author, and chapter of the book. He never missed.       The movie helped to get the Doors message out~~ Break on through.  I reccomend it, but you have to watch it with an opend mind and an objective point of view.
B00003CXBK|3.0|I am not particularly a fan of Anime but I am interested in Japanese culture, so I bought this DVD.  It's a interesting movie; I kept thinking it is the sort of thing that someday machines will create by combining the plots and elements of various films and stories.  If you had a machine that could create animations, and you told it to combine &quot;Bambi&quot; with &quot;Braveheart&quot; and &quot;The Hidden Fortress&quot; it would come out something like Princess Mononoke.  It's an interesting story in that there are multiple protagonists; I suppose if the incidental music were not so extremely reminiscent of Braveheart I might have enjoyed it more.<br />It's nice that the DVD has both English and Japanese soundtracks but to be a &quot;keeper&quot; I think a DVD needs a lot more in the way of additional material.
B00004YKUX|4.0|This is a very CD from Johnny Cash. His cover of U-2's &quot;One&quot; jumps out at you. Cash does a great job with the whole CD. Tom Petty leans a hand and two Superstars together make a great CD.
B000002H33|5.0|This album rules.  It is a widely-aknowledged metal classic, for very good reasons.  It has pounding guitar riffs, loud, yet melodic vocals, and everything you could ask for. It opens with battery, the introsounding a bit   spanish. THis song then suprises you, busting out with an awesome speed metal guitar riff.  THe Vocals git perfect.     THe Title track, still fast, but not quite speedy, is the best on the album.  An 8 1/2 minute long masterpeice which will be remembered forever       The Thing That Should NOt Be is a good song, but not the best.  THe lyrics dont really make sense, but the drums and riffs are sweet        Welcome home (sanitarium) is amazing.  Whenever the chorus rolls around, i just want to close my eyes.  An awesome slow metal song.        Disposable heroes is also very good, with great thrash riffs, anti-war lyrics, and a a beat that makes you wanna mosh, this 8-minute song definetly is an awesome one.        We then move on to Leper Messiah, sounding much like the other songs, and with anti-chuch lyrics and quick gutiar delivery.         THen comes Orion, the slow instrumental song.  A very good song, sounds like a song for travelling (through space). Very melodic, but also heavy.         The album finishes with Damage Inc.  THis starts with a long intro of  long, held-out bass chords, but then moves into possibly the thrashiest song Metallica has ever done.  THe lyrics are fast, and the riffs even faster.  THis songs makes you want to run around alot<br />       All in all, this is an amazing album, by an amazing group.  I recommend it for all metal or hard rock fans, and is a must-have for any Metallica fans
6303921248|5.0|I never really cared for &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; as a novel - I had to read it in school and I was simply too young and I found the writing too dated and the humour too hidden.  However with this production I am a born again convert.  The story is rich with dry humour and spectacle, and no-one does a historical drama like the BBC.<br />But the biggest draw for me is Colin Firth as Mr Darcy.  He is so well cast and is so gorgeous!  Ladies, if you haven't seen this do yourself a favour and get a copy.  It is 5 hours long, but it is worth every minute.
B000002G7E|5.0|My favourite album by this strange group. Its dark, loud, vicious, screaming  and so wonderful. 6 STARS!
6303921248|5.0|I never really cared for &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; as a novel - I had to read it in school and I was simply too young and I found the writing too dated and the humour too hidden.  However with this production I am a born again convert.  The story is rich with dry humour and spectacle, and no-one does a historical drama like the BBC.<br />But the biggest draw for me is Colin Firth as Mr Darcy.  He is so well cast and is so gorgous!  Ladies, if you haven't seen this do yourself a favour and get a copy.  It is 5 hours long, but it is worth every minute.
B00003CXE7|4.0|If you are a big fan of Ridley Scott's movies, Gladiator is another film that you should add to your collection. This movie depicts a story of a great man who fought with his life for the glory of the Roman empire and was betrayed by the new reigning Ceasar. Great story line and wonderful casts. Russell Crowe portrayed Maximus, a warrior who became a slave and defied the Emperor by winning the hearts of the people of Rome as mighty Gladiator.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|THIS COLLECTION OF GREAT SONGS IS WHAT MUSIC IS ALL ABOUT.40 YEARS LATER AND THEY ARE STILL #1.COMPARED TO WHAT IS OUT THERE IN TODAY'S DUMB MUSIC,A CD LIKE THIS PUTS EVERYTHING TO SHAME. EVERY SONG IS A WINNER AND THEIR MUSIC CONTINUES TO LIVE ON.
0375501851|4.0|Since I think everyone agrees on the strengths of this book: an honest, funny portrayal of multi-ethnic London and the often hilarious prose, I want to note a minor flaw to any readers who - like me - discovered the book because of the considerable hype surrounding it.  <br />Through the first three quarters of the book, Zadie Smith manages to convey both the rootlessness of the immigrant experience as well as the seeming inevitability of following in our ancestors' footsteps; she does this simply through excellent storytelling.  Unfortunately, the plot is sometimes predictable; I found myself predicting key plot points chapters in advance.  Also the subtle &quot;show-not-tell&quot; approach is all but abandoned in the final quarter, when she seems explains her thematic intentions, and by page 450, I couldn't help but think that this shouldn't be necessary.  Fortunately, the beautifully rendered final scenes are less didactic and tie together all of the book's themes of the into what one reviewer correctly defined a &quot;life-affirming&quot; book.
B00004XONN|2.0|This 4th album is even more important than their difficult 3rd album. It reeks of importance. Many rock critics who are desperate to champion &quot;the future of rock 'n roll&quot; are praising this album to the high heavens. So are a host of devoted fans. Me, I prefer &quot;Creep&quot; and &quot;The Bends.&quot;
0525945636|4.0|After not being terribly impressed with his last two (&quot;Third Twin&quot; and &quot;Hammer of Eden&quot;), I was pleased to see Mr. Follett return to his roots of international intrigue and espionage. I consider this among his more well-written books-- plenty of twists and turns, great characters, and a truly unique plot. You really get the sense that Follett must have lost his OWN memory at some point in his life to write so eloquently and believably about it. There are, of course, the standard Follett devices (the lone man fighting for justice and his steamy, sordid past-- including the love affairs that rear their ugly head again later) but isn't that why we read his books in the first place?? Overall, it was very enjoyable, an easy read, with a little something for everyone. Highly recommended.
B0000062S0|4.0|While I wasn't as pleased as I expected to be with this cd, I did find it gratifying and not at all a waste of money - it's worth the $15 or whatever price tag!!! Plant does sound a little tired and worn out - not quite up to par to the Zepplin days, but Page is rockin' just as good as ever! My favorite tracks include Most High (of course!), Walking into Clarksdale, Heart in your hand, and Blue train. Ah yeah! If you want nostalgia, buy this cd without second thought, if you want to experience two great masters of the world of rock definitely buy this cd!!!
B00004XQ83|5.0|Never in my wildest dreams would I have dared to imagine the collection offered in the soundtrack for &quot;O Brother, Where Art Thou?&quot;  Traditional music champions Norman Blake and Gillian Welch, bluegrass giants Ralph Stanley, Alison Krauss and Union Station (featuring Dan Tyminski), newgrass pioneers Jerry Douglas, Sam Bush, and Stuart Duncan, and gospel masters The Whites and The Cox Family, join the very best a capella group ever (in my humble opinion), the Fairfield Four, for an unparalleled evocation of a singularly magical time and place.<br />I especially appreciate the four renditions of Carter Stanley's &quot;A Man of Constant Sorrow,&quot; which showcase the variety of expression found in traditional country music.  Chris Thomas King's rendition of &quot;Hard Time Killing Floor Blues&quot; has me sold on this (new to me) artist.  As for Emmylou Harris, Alison Krauss, and Gillian Welch's rendition of the lullabye &quot;Didn't Leave Nobody but the Baby,&quot; these sirens can carry me away anytime.<br />Best of all, this music makes you think, deep and hard.  Who can remain unmoved by the overpowering humanity of &quot;Big Rock Candy Mountain&quot; (with the original lyrics- this ain't the song you learned in grade school) and &quot;O Death?&quot;  This music stems from real human experience and will touch your soul.<br />Who knows?  With this CD's popularity, maybe country musicians will start singing the blues again!
B000000QFV|4.0|This album to me is one of the better Sabbath albums put out. It lacks a little on a few tracks but over all is worth a look if you like later sabbath or Whitesnake (80's rock). Now on to my review:  . . .  1. Anno-Mundi - Good start. Heavy song and brings out Tony Martins vocals. 90% . . .2. The Law Maker - A not so good song but it is worth a listen. its a tad cheesey. 75% . . .3. Jerusalem - A fav. of mine. This song shows off both Tony Martin, Tony Iommi, and Neil Murry. Good 80's rock tune. 95% . . . 4. The Sabbath Stones - The Black Sabbath of the Tony Martin era! This song is so good. I wish Tony Martin had done more songs like this. Infact I wish the rest band would have! 95% . .  .5. The Battle Of Tyr - A Intro. It's sort of lame. 65% . . .  6. Odin's Court - I really think of this as the beginning of Valhalla. This is slow and builds up then...... 90% . . .  7. Valhalla - This is the best song on here! Loud Whitesnake sound but very powerful words. No way to say it better! 100% . . .8. Feels Good To Me - Sort of a softer more like Headless Cross song. Not bad tho. 90%  . . .9. Heaven In Black - Also could have been off of Headless Cross. Not as good as &quot;Feels Good To Me' but ok. 85% . . .If you like this album may I suggest the following: Black Sabbath-Headless Cross, Black Sabbath-Cross Purpose, Black Sabbath-Eternal Idol, Black Sabbath-Black Sabbath, and any Whitesnake album with Neil on it.
B00004YA66|4.0|This is a wonderfully nuanced fantasy flick with a bravura performance by Dennis Quaid who plays the father and a compelling one by Jim Caviezel who plays the son.<br />Another reviewer hit the nail on the head when he claimed this film to be reminiscent of a Twilight Zone episode. It certainly has that feel to it. The premise here is a simple one. A son, haunted by the premature, though heroic, death of his fire fighter father thirty years earlier, is reunited with him through an old ham radio which had belonged to his father. He finds himself speaking to his father over the air waves, when an aurora borealis-like solar storm provides a conduit into the past.<br />This connection to the past allows the son to alter the one event which has so profoundly marred his life, that of his father's death. Over the airwaves he tells his father of the fire to which he will be dispatched and of his impending death. He also tells his father what he needs to do in order to avoid his premature demise. The father is dispatched to the fire about which his son has told him and acts upon his son's suggestion, forever altering the future.<br />This change, however, alters other events, and it results in his mother's premature death at the hands of a serial killer. Father and son now go to work in tandem, each in his own time and way, to try to alter this event, forever changing their respective lives. The son, who is a cop, finds that the case which he has been working on is now the unsolved serial killer case involving his mother.<br />As the father effects subtle changes in his respective reality, this causes shifts in his son's present day reality. While this may seem a little confusing, it is to be expected when you are dealing with time shifts and the ramificatins of altering past events through future information. Ultimately, this causes an interesting convergence of the past upon the present.<br />A nice touch to this film is the fact that it takes place in Queens, New York, home of the New York Mets, and both father and son are die hard Mets fans. More specifically, the father's death occurs in 1969, the year in which the New York Mets won the World Series. This will turn out to be a pivotal event in the movie for more reasons than the obvious one. Baseball fans and nostalgia buffs will love its inclusion in the film.<br />This is a wonderful movie which is sure to both fascinate and tug at your heart strings.me of the New York Mets, and both father and son are die hard Mets fans. More specifically, the father's death occurs in 1969, the year in which the New York Mets won the World Series. This will turn out to be a pivotal event in the movie for more reasons than the obvious one. Baseball fans and nostalgia buffs will love its inclusion in the film.<br />This is a wonderful movie which is sure to both fascinate and tug at your heart strings.
B0000507R0|5.0|WOW!! This really BLEW ME AWAY! This new DVD Audio format is outstanding, and what a perfect example Brain Salad Surgery makes. The first time I played it I listened to it 3 times all the way through! UNBELIEVABLE! I just could not get enough. I can't wait for more classics to come out on this format.
0784011605|5.0|If you've ever felt trapped, unloved, or simply misunderstood, you should like this movie. Ada, a voluntary mute since childhood, has always expressed herself through her beloved piano.  When she and her daughter (Anna Paquin) are shipped off to be married to a farmer (Sam Neil) in a alien jungle, Ada's (Holly Hunter) only solace is that her piano will be there also.  The viewer  knows immediately  this marraige is off to rocky start when the farmer fails to realize Ada's affection and need for her piano and leaves the piano deserted on the beach. Harvey Keitel, a  neighboring  farmer falls for Ada.  Unlike Neil, he realizes  his only hope to win Ada's heart is through her piano.  He brings the deserted piano to his house and though he knows it's wrong, he bargains with Ada...one key at a time. One sexual favor...one key.  At first Ada is repulsed, but seeing and hearing her newly tuned piano is too much for her and reluctantly agrees to the bargain.<br />You'll have to watch the movie to see is Keitel is successful in winning Ada's heart, or if she'll settle for the farmer who keeps a roof over her head, but knows little of a woman's heart, especially one so complex. Great cinematography, music, and acting all around.
B00004S6GL|5.0|I'm a little unclear on the pseudo-argument going on here about Elliott Smith's old stuff versus his new stuff. It all rocks. Elliott himself has made it clear in interviews that some of his old songs would have been recorded and produced just as lushly as &quot;Figure 8&quot; if he had had the resources (read: instruments and studio time) back then.<br />Whatever. The point is, &quot;Figure 8&quot; is really amazing. It's one of the few records you will ever own that doesn't require you to skip certain tracks. And, about the whole production issue, &quot;Figure 8&quot; actually has a very warm, organic sound. Yes, it's more produced than some stuff he did in his bedroom on a 4-track, but that's not to say that &quot;Figure 8&quot; is guilty of glossy, Hollywood production. All of the sounds on it are really raw and pure. And, as another reviewer pointed out, the production here is not used to cover up shortcomings in songwriting. Elliott Smith is, as far as I can tell, the best songwriter working today.<br />While you could make an argument for almost any song here being the highlight, after listening to this for a long time now, I really think the best song is &quot;Can't Make a Sound.&quot; For whatever that's worth...
0694516929|5.0|This is a hilarious book that every should read.  It won't take you more than a quick plane ride to finish the book, but it is well worth it.  Still the best of all the Dilbert books.
B0000541AM|5.0|The Warriors is a reminder of just how potent the career of Walter Hill once was( The Driver, 48hrs, Southern Comfort and The Long Riders) before his crippling string of flops. Boorish film critics have long dismissed The Warriors (and much of Hill's career) as being too low-brow (NYC street-gangs) for serious consideration. These buffoons can fawn over stiff rubbish like The English Patient till the end of time, because The Warriors is a pure delight.  Dazzling camera work,  rousing fight sequences,  tight editing and a great \\"futuristic\\" synth/rock score by Barry De Vorzon.<br /> A Clockwork Orange meets Deliverance.<br />My only quibble with this long-awaited DVD issue is why on earth has the film's original theatrical poster artwork been replaced?<br /> There are also no extra features despite the bloated list price.
0887306128|5.0|Hands down the best management book I have ever read. This classic book (written in 1967) is still true today (interesting how some things don't change). Drucker has a great writing style and makes things clear and easy to understand. This is a short book but packed with helpful information for any knowledge worker.
B00004VXF2|1.0|Ahhhh Metal Machine Music!....Where to start? I do remember the release date of the original LP back in 1975.Sally Can't Dance (which has aged rather well..not cheap and smutty as Lou called it),was a surprise \\"hit\\" and RCA wanted more of the same.I never bought into the imagined classical segments or the pre-curser to noise and industrial nonsense.This was and IS a giant contract fulfillment and record company drop all in a nice double LP! This will incite riots and violent behavior in anything that is not dead...Animals,plants,bacteria even wallpaper will peel if this is on...My advice? BUY IT and piss off all your enemies by playing it loud.
0385493622|5.0|Really interesting story of the centuries of work behind the proof of Fermat's Last Theorum. This is an interesting book because it discusses mathematical history and mind-expanding concepts. I highly recommend it.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Traffic gives us a very disturbing yet equally true story about what happens to real people in the fight for war on drugs.  Traffic tells three stories.  About two DEA agents, Don Chealde and Luis Guzman, that are out to stop the &quot;Big Rich Guys&quot; at the to of the food chain.  Two Mexican Police Officers that happen upon a large shipment of illegal drugs, Benicio Del Torro.  And a newly appointed government official, Michael Douglas, that is there to clean up what his predecessor couldn't do.  WIth that said, we are left to director Steven Soderbergh.  With his brilliant usage of color and contrast.  And his equally astounding talent of editing and shooting this home videoesque film.  I was dumbfounded by the sheer tenactiy of the story.  So gritty and captivating.  It really tells people what they don't want to hear.  With such a fabulous cast as this: Michael Douglas, Benicio Del Torro (who should recieve an oscar nomination), Don Chealde, Catherine Zeta Jones, Dennis Quaid, Selma Hyaek, Benjamin Bratt, and Luis Guzman, you can't make a bad movie.  So, take my advice and watch this film.  It's really that good.
B000002H8F|5.0|The first Pixies song I'd ever heard was &quot;Where is My Mind?&quot;.  At the time, I didn't think it was a *great* song, but nonetheless it was different and interesting enough to make me curious.  A few years later I'd heard &quot;Monkey Gone to Heaven&quot; and &quot;Here Comes Your Man&quot; and I was hooked.<br />Doolittle was my first Pixies album, and it is great.  But Bossanova is my favorite.  To call Bossanova a perfect rock album would not be inaccurate.  While not as well rounded as Doolittle, it is still a beautiful, powerful disc.<br />I still remember hearing it for the first time.  I popped it in my CD player and was just blown away by &quot;Cecilia Ann&quot;, a Surftones cover.  DAMN!  &quot;Rock Music&quot; followed, and even though I could not tell for the life of me what he was saying, I found myself screaming along to the lyrics anyway.<br />And then there was &quot;Velouria&quot;.  This is one of my favorite Pixies songs of all time.  Weezer recently did a cover of this, but the original is still better.  It's charged with this... ENERGY and EMOTION!<br />I have not the space here to describe the rest of the tracks on here, so I'll just pick my very favorites.  &quot;Allison&quot; is short, but very catchy and with great lyrics.  The cleverly titled &quot;Ana&quot; is mellow and smooth, and a true surf song (Hey- look at the lyrics sheet.  The first letter of each line spells SURFER).  &quot;The Happening&quot; is a wierd song but it has a great beat and what is more or less a Shakespearean sonnet at the end.  It's also about Aliens :)  &quot;Stormy Weather&quot; is a song that you WILL NOT be able to resist singing along with.  And then, of course, &quot;Blown Away&quot;.  MY GOD, that is a great song.  I love the lyrics.<br />THE BOTTOM LINE:  If you have ever enjoyed a single Pixies song, or just love exceptional rock music, then you owe it to yourself to buy this album.  The music on this CD is DRIVEN.  You can FEEL the power an emotion behind every track.  The lyrics are not your standard fare either, but are raw and beautiful, like poetry.  Best of all, the Pixies know how to play their damn instruments!  VERY WELL.  They know how to achieve a powerful and driven sound without just hammering out power chords.  The beat is charged.  But there is something else that makes me love the pixies.  They can somehow wrap the music around and let it carry you away, let you scream and dance and just lose yourself in the sound, and by the time it lets you go you just feel good.  This album does that unassumingly from the first track and makes no apologies.<br />Buy this disc.  Now.
B00000INEX|3.0|My 16 month old son has come to enjoy videos immensely, andthis one is no exception.  However, just a few minutes in, there is ahand puppet of a dragon that just terrified him.  It even startled myhusband.  We fast forward through that part, and after repeatedviewings he's not as upset, but I don't think there should be scaryparts in videos for babies...
B000001DTM|5.0|This was the first CD I ever bought.<br />Hundreds (and probably thousands) of listens to later, I find myself loving this album just as much as the day I first heard it.<br />Don't miss out on this one.  Its the best in U2's career thusfar.<br />It could very well be the most important album from the 90's, not because of its influence on the world of music (thanks Kurt Cobain), but it stands alone as a very worldly album.  It takes you through the foreboding &quot;Until the End of the World&quot; to the striking irony in &quot;One,&quot; to the melancholy acceptance of &quot;Who's Gonna Ride Your Wild Horses.&quot;
B000002579|4.0|Commercially, LEFTOVERTURE is Kansas' equivalent of Tull's BENEFIT, AC/DC's HIGHWAY TO HELL, or THE YES ALBUM--a sort of prelude to pop domination. Creatively, Kansas had already hit the bulls-eye with MASQUE, but the production &amp; engineering suffered. LEFTOVERTURE ran on all cylinders, sporting a vibrant recording as robust as the music itself. That combined with great writing &amp; a little bit of luck makes for a quintessential Kansas album.<br />Kerry Livgren steps into the role of primary songwriter, obviously on a creative tear at the time. Even Steve Wash's writer's block period produced 2 of his best tracks ever. Both Dave Hope's bass &amp; Phil Ehart's drumming are recorded as perfectly as could even be done today. The arrangement of Walsh &amp; Steinhardt's vocals, splitting leads within songs, is fully developed. Livgren &amp; Rich Williams' guitars are alternately guttural &amp; razor edged, then percussive &amp; melodic. Importantly, Jeff Glixman's concise production affords the space necessary to prevent the arrangements from clogging up the songs.<br />Several lyrically intriguing themes emerge, notably the poignant plight of the Native American on CHEYENNE ANTHEM, and the majestic &amp; pensive THE WALL. MIRICLES OUT OF NOWHERE and QUESTIONS OF MY CHILDHOOD are further examples of ducks in a row. CARRY ON WAYWARD SON, the accidental single, combines possibly the most relentless double guitar attack ever allowed in a 5 minute single. Walsh's crunchy WHAT'S ON MY MIND continues the trend. The sprawling yet compact OPUS INSERT says a lot with a little. Somehow, it's always summer when I hear this song...<br />Standing alone in it's own bombast is the bizarre MAGNUM OPUS. While it's a prog maniac's delight, it's vulgar display of chops is unfortunately out of context on a work displaying such fine songwriting. <br />LEFTOVERTURE served as a springboard which catapulted Kansas into the stratosphere as one of the late 70's most popular bands. That it is regarded in certain circles as a minor work of art is a testament to it's creators, and just the right amount of luck
B000000H6Y|5.0|This is by far my favorite album of the ninties.  It changed my opinion on the metal scene forever.  Metal music was in a slump, bands like Pantera and Slayer, Metallica etc were getting stale and redundant.  Then along came Type O Negative.  This isn't their first release but it is by far their best.  The later albums were a bit to polished for my tastes and the previous disc was a bit to much.  Bloody Kisses is raw but the music has alot of depth to it.  The soundscapes are brillant (ie: Summer Breeze, titletrack, Christian Woman).<br />There was alot of sarcasm, a Black Sabbath feel and some songs that seemed very sincere which is a rarity.  I mean the songs could be total cheese but they sound sincere, a few of them that is.  This is definatley the album to start off with.  And if you like this get Paradise Lost's Draconian times next.<br />Just don't make the mistake and think of them as a goth band. They are more in the realm of old Priest, mixed with a lil Sabbath and a whole lot of prozac
B0000029LG|5.0|If you like Michael Jackson you will love this album.  The first cd is nothing but ever so loved MJ hits.  The second album is in fact a collection of great soon to be hits.  MJ has outdone himself once again and hopefully will be releasing more great albums to come.
B000001FAK|4.0|This album show the versatility of John Mayall. Without a drummer, the band still produces a driving sound based on the soaring sounds of sax and flutist Johnny Almond. While not normally a fan of horn based blues, I still play this album after 30 years.
B00004TJTS|5.0|I strongly recommend to anyone who has not seen &quot;My Dog Skip,&quot; that they avoid reading the DVD or VHS packaging information and liner notes.  I encourage those of you yet to view this movie, to steer clear of reviews which might give you clues about the plot, or too much in the way of character description or actors' performances.  This is a film, like so many, that should be seen in a virginal manner.  I truly believe that because that is how I would describe my experience, I have not hesitated to add &quot;My Dog Skip&quot; to my &quot;Top 20 Favorite Movies&quot; list.  Many months later, after having seen it several times, it remains firmly in place on that list.<br />One other caveat for first time viewers of &quot;My Dog Skip&quot; should be given.  I don't believe this movie should be seen by children younger than nine or ten years of age.  If you have ever owned an intelligent, warm blooded pet, and learned the tough life lesson that along with love there is always loss, you will understand what I mean.  I do, however, recommend &quot;My Dog Skip&quot; to all others who enjoy watching good movies.<br />Keep a box of tissue handy for the laughs as well as the tears generated by &quot;My Dog Skip.&quot;  Also, keep a sharp ear to the narrator's voice.  See if you can guess his name without hints from anyone.
B0000024K1|5.0|Before there was Poor Righteous Teachers, X-Clan, Wu-Tang or Dead Prez, there was PUBLIC ENEMY! In my opinion, &quot;It takes a Nation of Millions&quot; is the UNEQUIVICAL all time GREATEST hip-hop/rap albulm EVER! EVER! EVER! It came at a time when hip hop NEEDED it the most. It was an acrobactic mix of HARDCORE beats and HARDCORE/Militant lyrics. &quot;Night of the living Baseheads&quot; the PERFECT anti-drug song. &quot;Flava Flave cold lampin&quot; the PERFECT freestyle song. &quot;Dont believe the hype&quot; the PERFECT anti-media/establishment song. &quot;Terminator X on the edge of panic&quot; the PERFECT D.J. cut(you MUST hear this beat!)&quot;Black Steel in the hour of Chaos&quot; the perfect Anti-prison song...and my all time favorite....&quot;REBEL WITHOUT A PAUSE!&quot; The perfect &quot;Im a not to be played with&quot; song! *whew* You poor youngsters...you have inherited hip-hop/rap in a sad sad sad state. I dont know if you will be able to appreciate this albulm the way me and my peers do. You may never see the likes of Public Enemy in music again.
B000002HGD|4.0|I really enjoy this album, and really jive with the very well-thought out liner notes.  I like more of the songs of &quot;Play&quot;, but this is still a must-have for Moby fans.
B00004TRD8|5.0|I've always loved this movie and now it's on DVD! Sweet!
B00002E285|5.0|First, where the hell do they pull these high ended reviewers out of?  Honestly, how can some nose in the air 'professional' reviewer truly appreciate or begin to coprehend the masterpiece that THE WALL is for any Pink Floyd fan? Simple. They can't. <br />THE WALL truly is Floyd's greatest and best next to DARK SIDE on the shelf the best Rock n' Roll albums ever, and there are a few (But the Floyd certainly holds a lasting spot on it). The wonderful thing is that THE WALL can be interpreted in many different ways. Because of that, everything in the movie and album means something, from the smallest visual element, to the slightest musical hint. Floyd as well as the filmmakers of THE WALL have truly created a rock masterpiece. The story of Pink and his WALL applies to us all with its theme of hiding our pain by surrounding ourselves with a WALL built by our own two hands, blood, and pain. <br />Incidently, don't these reviewers who sit behind their desks in some office building in New York writing their almost academically correct and intellectually sound reviews of films such as THE WALL remind you of the JUDGE, or the PROSECUTOR? Just checking... For those new and old to Floyd, keep THE WALL close to your heart, pumping on your stereo, and rebuilding and demolishing itself FOREVER!
B000002LMM|5.0|This album will strike many people as being full of strange, moody, slightly spooky music.  They're right, because that's the type of show it was written for.<br />Nonetheless, the music probably has wider appeal than the show did- David Lynch is kind of a weird dude.  But the music is an album that you'll want to listen to over and over from time to time.<br />If you're at all into fun funky stuff, or like jazz, or just want something evocative to listen to, buy this album!<br />Paul
B00003CXBK|5.0|That's about all you can say about this film, is that it was brilliant.  The characters seemed to have actually lived before you.  The film touched on an artistic level, showing the evil and good that lies in man, and displays how it can destroy from within.  I would recommend this to my friends who don't even like anime/manga, because it is so good.  Not only was the plot amazing and powerful, but the animation was smooth, the characters were drawn beautifully, and the backgrounds were lush and colorful.  Then on top of this perfection, the voice overs, unlike in most anime movies, actually add to the power of the film, the characters have emotion and feel so real.  If you like anime at all, or even if you don't, do yourself a favor and buy this DVD, it is worth every cent.
6305718903|5.0|This movie kept me hooked all the way through.  Some people may say it is confusing, but that's because it all comes together in the end.  They must not realize it.  There is a connection with the crying Mary and Father Alamedia's death.  What seems jumbled is wound together to perfection in the end.  I had no idea what the cause of her wounds were.  It was very surprising, but do you think I'm gonna tell you... heh, I don't think so ;-) <br />Go rent or buy it.  It'll be more than worth it.
6305903182|1.0|Scream III isn't funny. It isn't scary. And what does it say about a movie when the guest cameos are more exciting than the main characters?
0060925000|5.0|This book is lush and good enough to snuggle up with.  The characters are rich and interesting and I learned a lot about India and its people, history and customs.  Literate enough to make you feel like you're reading something good for your mind, this book is also quite delicious as we delve into the characters' lives.  Very entertaining and memorable.<br /><br />Update:  I wrote this review quite a few years ago, but I still remember this book fondly and it's among my top twenty books of all time.  The characters are so intricately written and such interesting people!  I would love to know them.  I don't remember feeling like the book was too long, at all.  I didn't want it to end.
B00000ILDE|5.0|I have loved this movie since I first saw it in 1996. Its one of the few movies that are actually better then the first. Watch it and be warned, it still scares me half to death.<br />Watching it on DVD is even better, the sound and picture make the movie even more realistic.<br />The one flaw that I saw in the movie witch was very noticable with the DVD is the final part of the movie, the scene in which Bishop catches Newt, saving her from falling into space. If you pause that scene at the moment when he grabs her you can see the rest of Bishops body coming out from the floor of the ship.<br />Beside that it was a great movie.....
B000002U84|5.0|Duran Duran have never gotten the respect they occasionally deserve from critics or &quot;serious&quot; rock fans, but anyway you look at it, &quot;Rio&quot; is a fantastic pop/rock record and certainly the band's most ambitious, intelligent, creative and consistent effort.  This is what spawned Durandemonium across the world (though they were already a sensation in the UK), as the band used engaging (or ridiculous, depending on who you are) and flashy videos and their photogenic looks to sell records and sell out stadiums.  But, beyond all the hype, what makes &quot;Rio&quot; so good?<br />The answer is in the songs themselves.  Even with no pictures or videos to accompany &quot;Rio,&quot; the nine songs range from good to excellent, with intricate arrangements, strong melodic sensibility and enough compelling rock energy to make you overlook Simon LeBon's sometimes laughable lyrics.  &quot;Rio&quot; is no &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; or &quot;Blonde on Blonde,&quot; but it shows that this wasn't just another early '80s boy band--these guys could play and write very well and &quot;Rio&quot; contains some of their very best material.  Its predecessor, their eponymous debut album, is also excellent, but the follow up to &quot;Rio,&quot; 1983's dismal &quot;Seven and the Ragged Tiger,&quot; showed that Duran Duran couldn't keep up their gruelling schedule of photo shoots, dating supermodels, applying eyeliner, etc., and also write good material indefinitely.  They never again came close to anything as good as &quot;Rio&quot; (which is kind of depressing, as they keep on trying 20 years later).<br />The best-known tracks here are &quot;Hungry Like the Wolf,&quot; &quot;Save a Prayer&quot; and the title song, but my personal favorites are &quot;Last Chance on the Stairway&quot; and &quot;The Chauffeur.&quot;  I must say, though, that I like every song on &quot;Rio&quot; and that this is mostly courtesy of guitarist Andy Taylor (the best musician in the band) and one-fingeredkeyboardist Nick Rhodes' atmospheric arrangements.  Nicely done throughout.  To say nothing of Simon LeBon's voice--sure, he's no Smokey Robinson, but his enthusiasm is infectious.<br />In sum, &quot;Rio&quot; is devoid of deep thought or innovation, but it IS one of the best and most entertaining albums of the 1980s.  Highly recommended.
B00004XPPK|5.0|I just watched this movie last night and I LOVED it!  I think that 'Chinatown' got a lot of it's inspiration from this movie...if you liked 'Chinatown', you'll love 'Gilda'!  This movie is probably the quintessential femme fatale film noir.  The dialouge is awesome.  It's so film noir! Rita Hayworth is wonderful in this movie. This is probably her best film.  The costumes are very nice. Even the guys dress cool in this film! This is one of the best film noir movies ever made-- it's right up there with 'Double Indemnity' and 'Matlese Falcon'!  WATCH THIS MOVIE!
B0000524E5|4.0|This is not a great movie in the aspects of technique or storytelling. It is movie that does one thing great, entertain. The sole purpose of a movie is to entertain the viewer. &quot;Footloose&quot; and &quot;Dirty Dancing&quot; were not great movies but they will never be forgotten because they entertained the viewer. &quot;Coyote Ugly&quot; is a feel-good about yourself movie. The music energizes the audience. The bar dancing keeps the movie-watchers interested. I went the movie with two friends who were both girls. I am 18 and they are 17. We all really liked the movie. The rest of the night we were dancing around and singing the music that we heard. This is great movie because it leaves a lasting impression on the viewer.
B000000OUJ|5.0|GZA's 1995 masterpiece certainly earns a top spot in any &quot;Best Of The Wu&quot; list, if not any &quot;Best Of Hip-Hop&quot; list. Gary Grice's fortay is battle rapping, so most of the lyrics are &quot;about&quot; rhyming. However, GZA uses so many intellectual metaphors and similies that his emcee boasting becomes something higher than that of other rappers, and actually takes on a conceptual meaning. Not only are the lyrics dramatically complex ghetto-infused words of wonder, but the delievery of the Genius's thick New York accent is unriveled. The production by Robert Diggs is experimental, dirty, and solid. The no-nonsense beats fit GZA's lyrical fist like a glove. Features kung-fu movie clips and guest spots from all the other Wu-Tang members as well as Killa Priest (who has a solo track on the album, the last track &quot;Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth&quot;, produced by 4th Disciple, GZA &amp; Priest are good friends) and little-known Wu-Affiliate Dreddy Kruger.<br />Without a single weak song, Liquid Swords will be tough for GZA to top. Beneath The Surface, although it has a few good tracks and earns points for being so different, dosen't even come close.
B0000560RV|5.0|Though I totally agree with the points in the review below criticizing &quot;directed&quot; music, I feel that the beauty and remarkable nature of this album lie not in the song structures, or in the oft-criticized nonsensical lyrical forays, but instead in the pathways the album can open up for you.  Is there not truth in beauty?  To criticize an artform for being &quot;only beautiful&quot; seems trite, when there is truth to be had in that sea of ethereal sonic soup.  I believe criticisms along this line belong more in reviews of mainstream bands that use learned sonic pattern to evoke emotion (i.e. the Piano midway through Blink 182's &quot;Adam's Song&quot;).  I don't think that Sigur Ros was seeking to create an emotional elixir so much as they were after a certain aural landscape that lies comparably close.
B000000WA4|5.0|The cover art alone would be worth the price of this album, and the music contained inside is worth far more.  The music is truly exceptional.  While &quot;Tonight, tonight&quot; is, of course, the big draw, you can not overlook the other wonderful works within this.  &quot;Mellon Collie&quot;, an instrumental that starts the double CD, is touchingly soft, and ending with &quot;By Starlight&quot; and then &quot;Farewell and Goodnight&quot; truly leaves you with the feeling of sharing their music and the night with them.  In between there are many songs that are worth attention, from the angst filled &quot;Bullet with Butterfly Wings&quot; to &quot;Where Boys Fear to Tread&quot; and &quot;We Only Come Out At Night.&quot;  This album can even be classified as light gothic, a title I thing is well earned.
0140187537|5.0|This book is amazing in a very specific and unusual way.  It chronicles the slow slide, not to the depths of immorality that come to mind when we use that term, but merely to one step down on the morality ladder.  There is not a mountain of difference between the man on page one and the man who stands on the beach on the final page, contemplating suicide.  He has committed no crime, has resisted cheating on his wife, and has tried to save the life of his drug-addicted friend... the tiny difference lies not in the things he hasn't done wrong, but in the things he didn't do quite right.  This difference is all the difference in the world.  Steinbeck's power is in his portrayal of the nuances that make up personal experience.  Where Grapes of Wrath was a powerful epic, the depths of poverty the characters endured enabled us to keep the experience at a distance, since few of us will ever know such poverty.  The Winter of Our Discontent allows us no such respite.  Each of us experiences temptation on a daily basis, and the risk of moral poverty that we all face and either resist or become accustomed to, is at the heart of this book.  The final page is, oddly enough, a mystery, though this fact can easily escape you.  All the members of my family read this independently, and only when we discussed it several years later did we find that we each had interpreted the end in different ways.  Does he commit suicide or not?  We were firmly split, and the wording Steinbeck uses is ambiguous.  The answer is in the story that emerges from you as you read the book.  Perhaps the most subtly powerful book you will ever read, if you are willing to allow it to affect you.
B000050XEI|5.0|The first time I listened to this album, I was a little disapointed by the similarity of all the songs. However, after a few brutal times through the disc, I found that each song was full of it's own complexities and differences. The rhythm of the songs are all different, therefore, so are the general moods.     Some songs, such as &quot;Flora's Secret&quot; and &quot;Wild Child&quot; are bouncy, airy, light, summer songs. Some songs that always turn on the waterworks for me are &quot;Fallen Embers&quot; and &quot;One By One&quot;. If you're going through a traumatic time, these songs might be almost TOO emotionally charged, but have their own melancholy beauty that makes you want to come back to them again and again.      This is a collection of some of the most beautiful songs ever created by Enya (and yes, they are very similar to her past work --- so what?? That's why I bought the album)!!! I can't see how some think that her style is getting too old! How can beauty get old? Anyways, I give this album 5 stars, kind of as a thank you to Enya for giving me an escape from life!! :-) PLUR, KM
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|This is one of the worst comedy movies of all time. It seemed like the writers were trying so hard to make it funny, their efforts were way too obvious. It was like the writers were taking a multiple choice test on sophmoric humor. The jokes were not even all that raunchy. I could see that it was funny if you were a) drunk or stoned, b)13 years old, or c)a mental defective. It's better when comedy seems effortless in execution.<br />The Farley Brothers RULE!
B000006NPY|5.0|While many may disagree, I consider this to be the Pumpkins first true Gothic album, and it has yet to be discovered by those who claim the title of Goth.  It captures the essense of darkness, beauty, longing, melancholy, love, pain, danger, and sadness.  I was a fan before, but after this I consider them one of my favorites, and hope they keep up the good work.  Billy's voice may be a whine, but he knows how to use it to ultimate artistic effect, and the composition is truly inspired.
0789723107|1.0|This book consists of 195 worthless pgs including the index.  I must have said &quot;Duh!&quot; more than 15 times in the first 75 pages.  It is a book that makes you say &quot;I guess an author is born every minute!&quot; There were so many things written in the book that a person with half a brain cell would say, no s#&amp;t sherlock. The only reason why I finished reading the book is because 1.  I wanted to write an unbiased review on amazon and 2.  I had some time alone in sitting on the can.
B00003CXE6|5.0|This movie might be a tad long, and some of the dialoge may be less than intriging, but overall, Gladiator is a top-notch movie. Reason #1: Russell Crowe, Joaquin Phoenix, and all the others are all at their best. Reason #2: Gladiator is not one of those kill, kill, kill movies where all you think about is who will die next. Although there are some of those &quot;I think I'm gonna hurl&quot; moments, there is a lot more to this movie. Reason #3: Ridley Scott &amp; Co. do a good job of recreating Rome as it might have been back in 180 A.D. This is a movie that, I think, will win these Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Actor-Russell Crowe, Best Supporting Actor-Joaquin Phoenix, Best Director-Ridley Scott, Best Visual Effects, Best Costume Design, Best Sound, and Best Choreography. That might sound like a bit much, but once you see the movie, I can almost promise you that you'll agree with me.
B00004THAY|2.0|This seems more like a ploy to get fans of both artists to fork out the cash. A wholly uninspiring compact disc with nary a memorable tune to be found. The best thing about this compilation is the cover. Wish I could say more.
0679720200|4.0|Camus dropped the bomb on me with this piece.  With a crisp clean prose my beloved Camus showed me what it is to feel the void, the absurdity, and triumph over it.  So for those tormented souls out there, this book's for you.
B00003CXDB|4.0|When I saw this film first ten years ago I understood that the idea of the film was to show that business is very rough and there is no place to emotions and friendship. Now, as I know a lot more about stock market, I looked at this movie again and found a lot of very interesting details what became new to me, and this was only because of a better knowlidge about stock market. Therefore, for a person who is not good in finaces and stocks, may be this film a little bit difficult. Although, as I wrote before, the basic idea is very understandable. The two main characters in this movie are Michael Douglas who plays an investment banker and does not choose between methods to earn money and Charlie Sheen who is just a usual stock broker at the age of twenties.The film is about the business they do together while in the beginning they seem to be friends and in the end strong enemies.Douglas, of coure,is in his best again. Half of the prettiness of the movie comes from Douglas's dialogues. You just listen to them and pick up the ideas and &quot;proverbs&quot; what are the basis for the success in this field. Sheen is, I think in this movie, playing a little bit simple minded brocker and sometimes it seems even that the character of Sheen is the type of &quot;I sell you the best&quot; or &quot;I am the winner&quot;. The film is I think made for those, who try to understand the basic ideas of stock market and I am pretty sure that the scenario is taken from real life.So I advise everybody to watch this Wall street classic movie.
B000050IMG|5.0|This film starts with a wicked funny scene making fun of Casey Becker's (Drew Barrymore) scene in 'Scream'. This girls name is Drew Decker (Carmen Electra) and does some stupid things to get away from the &quot;killer&quot;. Mostly the plot is set on 'Scream' and 'I Know What You Did Last Summer'. One of my favorite parts was when Marissa Jaret Winokur (Garage Victom) makes fun of Tatum Riley's (Rose McGowern) part in 'Scream' and pulls the whole house down when she tries to get through the doggy door. <br />I recommend this film for teen parties! If you want a big horror laugh, BUY THIS!
B00004TA41|5.0|The later Coltrane material--after the classic quartet had broken up with only bassist Jimmy Garrison remaining--can be taxing at times even for the most dedicated appreciator of Coltrane's art (such as myself). Pharoah Sanders's inhuman screaming on sax and Alice Coltrane's sometimes meandering piano can prove to be unnerving.<br />This recording, though, is different. Coltrane is paired with Rashad Ali. They are alone together--unforgetably, irreplaceably, enchantingly. There is no dissonance between saxophone and piano (say) because it is reduced to drums and saxophone--notes and beats.<br />The pieces state a theme develop it in free time (but not chaotically) then return to it. Several pieces have Coltrane playing bells at the beginning and ending of the song. What happens is really beyond description, but I'll try anyway. Trane had developed a speed and instensity that at times makes him sound like a whole orchestra of instruments. It's utterly transcends even the &quot;sheets of sound&quot; period about ten years earlier. I have never heard anyone do it before or since. All these pieces, while in a category by themselves, have a structure, a form, a meaning, however remote it may seem to some or at first blush.<br />Trane and Ali are always in sync, always breathing the same rarified and intoxifying air of creativity. Free jazz is not anarchy--at least not here; it flows out of concentrated lives of musical concentration and inspiration. Lewis Porter, in his matchless book on Coltrane, has intricately taken apart the music hear, revealing it to manifest a sublime (yes, I said sublime) complexity and profundity--if you have ears to hear. If you don't, try again...<br />John Coltrane was a gift--and it's never been the same since that gift was taken from us. However, so much of the gift was preserved for posterity. For that, I am thankful--and full of wonder and awe.<br />Doug Groothuis
B00003CXE7|5.0|A wonderful film.  Russell Crowe plays the great general, Maximus, who is sentenced to execution after the failing Caesar, Marcus Aurelius, chooses him to govern the empire rather than his son, who is morally unfit for the job.  His son takes the news poorly, and takes steps to ensure he succeeds his father.  Maximus escapes his executioners, but ends up enslaved and sold to an ex-gladiator (Oliver Reed) who now sends men into the pits to fight as their owner.  Crowe is terrific, Reed turns in a solid, workmanlike performance (in his last role, he died during the filming and at least the last scene he is in was a neat bit of computer/camera trickery).  An unapologetically violent film with the trademark Ridley Scott atmospheric direction.  A must see.
