0307891372|4.0|This book is huge! it has everything you need to get ya through the game. my only problem with the prima guides is that the print is way to small. hard to read and research through it if i cant read it. but other than that the guide has been very useful. It comes with a nice map. I paid 26 bucks for it when it first came out. ya cant beat the 17 bucks amazon wants for it now. great price.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|easy to lose track of time playing this game. great graphics, smooth gameplay. have finished the game 2Xs and still play. really enjoyable.
B0056JENTE|4.0|Our hero finds himself reliving a fatal explosion on a moving train, but this is not \\"Groundhog Day\\" redux.  People on the train seem to know him, but his image in a mirror is the face of a stranger.  Who is he, really?  How did he get on this train?  Why does he keep repeating the same minutes?<br /><br />The answers to these questions provide an interesting and emotional journey.  Be prepared to get very involved in the personalities, characters and events of the main characters as the solutions to the various puzzles unfold to a most satisfying conclusion.
B005KJZDXK|5.0|Just love this disc. Her clean, clear, crisp voice is so traditional in the late 50's and early 60's sense and I love their arrangements. It's a fun addition to my Christmas music collection.
B005HSG3TC|4.0|New to Kindle  ... I am less knowledgeable of what is out there to buy.   I am happy with the looks .... a little dark, however my fault since I picked the color.    For me the cover would have been more effective if the ON button for the Kindle would be able to sit on the top part of the Cover.  That is not possible,  therefore I could not give the cover a five star.  Also the \\"stand\\" is a little weak.   All in all good protection and hopefully the maker of the cover will look to start its own kindle fire and realize the opening for the ON button should be on the top holding the Kindle sitting in the cover with your left hand.   Thank you
B004CRR9G0|5.0|I was worried I would not get it in time for Christmas but it came very fast and in great condition!
1451627289|5.0|First off, let me say, I have read EVERY Stephen King book I have ever been able to lay my hands on. There's nobody better in my opinion, that why what I read in his latest book REALLY troubles me. I have never seen such a glaring mistake in ANY of his works. On page 338 he writes, describing the band at the dance..\\"The logo on the snare drum proclaimed them The Knights.\\" Now, I, being a drummer, know that he meant the BASS drum, not the snare drum. No drummer has EVER put the band name on the snare, it's ALWAYS the bass drum. Steve himself is a musician (he plays guitar) so I have no idea how that got by him OR his editors...I know it's petty of me to point this out, but I had to point it out to somebody...maybe he did it on purpose just to see if anyone was paying attention....if so..what did I win???.....
B002BU0DPE|1.0|What if you receive a junk pair of these, and can't get any help from the company?  How would you feel about spending your money, to receive trash that will not work and you can't get your money back?  Find a company that stands behind their product, because this one will not.  Sure, the set of headphones you receive will probably work, for awhile, but what if they don't?  Or what if they conk out after two months of normal use?  Will you be satisfied throwing your money away?  Please try to find a similar product from someone else, because if we continue to give companies like this money, we'll have nothing but crap.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Evernote is more then you think at first glance.  I don't particularly need a place to store digital notes (my notes for class are handwritten, and the writing is how I learn).  But Evernote doesn't need to be practical. It can simply be a place to collect bits of digital media you like and type up thoughts and observations.  Plus, the sync ability is really nice since I'm always bouncing between devices., Overall, pretty cool, and really very versatile.
B0019N94X6|5.0|No complaints at all. I'd order from here again anytime. Thanks a lot. blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
0439023521|5.0|This is my first review, so excuse me for not being all that detailed. As a 16 year old, I would never read \\"young adult books\\" not my type of books. My type of books are not as they call it, placed in my age. However, this book was the one that changed my mind. The whole book was well written, the characters had unique traits to them. You could really feel what they were going through, and that I could relate. I could not put this book down, really I'm not lying. I took it to school, and almost finished it the very same day. There was so many things going on in the book, suspense, romance, somewhat humor, I could go on, but you get the idea. This is a Must Buy Book! It is completely work it. I hope my review helped for someone who is still not sure of buying this book, so I will say this, \\"buy it\\"   -Erick  :3
B000003R7G|5.0|I just bought this vinyl off recommendation from amazon. I'm on the fourth side (record 2 of 2) and must say this is a complete album. You would never know this was made in 1997 either. As others have suggested before me, their sound is timeless. But other than that this entire album flows, effectively, fluidly, as one track. Every song has something completely different than the last but they all have something in common. In a great way.
B005PTQPU0|2.0|Here's my two cents about the whole debate (as opposed to a detailed description of the album--which many a reviewer has already carried out with accuracy and passion). In my opinion (and with the utmost respect for the fans who did like this album, from whose opinion I am now about to dissent) the problem with 50 Words is not that KB is being too experimental (as one disappointed reviewer diagnosed), but the exact opposite. The problem (again, in my view) is that KB stopped being cutting-edge and experimental after the Red Shoes--her last great album (although, arguably, a highly imperfect one: even what you may call a \\"great failure\\"). The foreboding that things were going downhill was already in Aerial--in all respects a far superior album to 50 Words; yet, one marred by analogous mushiness and blandness.   It's hardly ever a good sign when an artist takes a 12-year break. And when they come back reborn in a New Age-y style, offering up a solipsistic scenario full of chirping birds and cooing babies, there's more than enough to make a lucid fan alarmed. For the chirping and the cooing and the solipsism come at a price. Already in Aerial, in fact, the waning of melodic and harmonic inventiveness is apparent--despite the high points. 50 Words, then, is but the culmination of this depressing tendency (a function of aging? Not always: Tom Waits or Bob Dylan come to mind, for a counterexample of still \\"biting\\" artists).   A fan observed that KB publicly admitted to her loss of interest in writing pop music. But is it really a matter of pop versus non-pop? Isn't KB precisely one of the few great musicians who, back in the day, made an extremely compelling case for the elevation of pop/rock music into the realm of \\"real art\\"? (in the Dreaming, above all, but even in the much-reviled The Red Shoes: is there anything in her later production that could even remotely match the disturbing sultriness of Lily, the heart-wrenching, quirky power of And So Is Love or Solomon Song?).   50 Words has nothing to do with having discarded pop music in favor of higher musical pursuits. What it really comes down to is inventiveness and vitality, regardless of the \\"genre\\". When you gauge those factors, crucial in every assessment of an artist's work, the dearth of both is stunning in 50 Words--a monotonous, self-indulgent, and ultimately lifeless variation on a couple of puny ideas stretched out ad nauseam. I can find no trace of the daring greatness (no other way of calling it) that lent such an electrifying, unsettling edge to each and every one of her pre-Aerial albums, like a shriek reaching deep into the unconscious and shattering one's comfortable, preconceived views of what a pop song (and maybe reality at large?) should sound like.       I, for one, can only hope KB will outgrow this phase, swerve once more in daring directions, and get her groove back (although by now it seems less and less likely). On the other hand, real faith is unshakeable, and when her next CD comes out, hopefully in shorter order, I'll still be there snatching it up. All the beauty KB has injected into the world deserves far more than that.    Thank you for reading. I will appreciate feedback. Especially, if you think there is something I failed to see in 50 Words that deserves praise I will be very happy to hear your point. Deep down I really wish I could like this more...
B005LY4B0A|5.0|My favorite types of games are the puzzle/logic type. This has become one of my favorites.  Easy to play and understand but quickly getting harder so it doesn't get tedious -without getting discouraging. Clever original concept too.
B003U9NAD2|5.0|For those familiar with the Burzum name, Hvis Lyset Tar Oss is largely and widely accepted as his crowning achievement. Utilizing a stunning mixture of layered guitar melodies, gloomy synths, and thunderous percussion, Varg works his way through three hypnotic metal songs before the ambitious ambient outro - Tomhet. Rather than sit here and rattle on about the magic contained within this record, I would rather just claim that it is a must have for any black metal fan, and ranks among the highest calibur or metal releases period.
B004H83IG4|3.0|I guess the director was trying to leave the viewer draw their own conclusion to Durst's guilt.  I drew mine and was totally outraged that some rich snob's kid got away with murder.  It's obvious he wasn't all there, and just as obvious he most likely killed his wife, his dog, his best friend, and the old man with total intention.  The film was a bit slow to start with and then caught my interest once things started getting bad between him and his wife (played very well and sympathetically by Kirsten Dunst).  Ryan Gosling's portrayal was convincingly creepy, and the rest of the cast was very effective as well, but there were a lot of big holes in the script that could have been filled since the film clocks in well under two hours.  Still, it was pretty entertaining once the momentum picked up, and I would watch it again on cable if nothing else is on.<br /><br />One complaint, however:  when will people behind periodically structured films ever get the music right?  We hear Steely Dan's \\"Daddy Don't Live in that New York City\\" in a scene that's supposed to take place in 1971.  Sorry, guys, but that song was released on their 1974 album Katy Lied, and SD's first album Can't Buy a Thrill wasn't even out in the stores until 1972.  They did something similar in Almost Famous as well.  I know it's not a big deal to most of the people who gave this movie a higher rating, but it makes me wonder what else in this version of the actual events is wrong.
0307595579|5.0|I haven't read this author and received this set as an early Xmas gift!  The box set is very nice and I like the cloth covers.  Very nicely packaged...impressive!
B000BQ7BX2|5.0|Performances and recordings are top notch. I've listened to the set at home and on the road. If the set was a book I'd say 'I couldn't put it down'. The price was right too (Thanks Amazon.com!).
0395925037|5.0|Very quick delivery. I have not yet read this book. But since I am interested with everything about World War II (history buff) I want to read this book and try to understand how such a sick and twisted mind could have started all this...
B005GYY0GA|5.0|The roots of Johnny Winter grow deep, deep into the earth, seeping influences from Delta Blues on the Mississippi, Country Blues from the backwaters, and fine old Chicago Blues played with style, taste, and great vision !
B001UV4XIS|5.0|We cannot go to the movies, so we buy them. This was a great flick. It was great make believe.  I hope we hear from Harry's son.
B004MC8CA2|2.0|this app would be a lot better if it worked offline.  I do a lot of driving and would enjoy listening to the Bible while driving. kindle please get an offline version
B005IZLPKQ|5.0|We cannot go to the movies, so we buy them.  This was a great flick.  It was great make believe.
B001AQO3XS|5.0|I received the movie on time.  It was a great movie.  The Blu-ray version is the only way to watch this movie.
B003ZVJFFM|5.0|I know that my title is suggesting a lot, but let me explain. I've had this battle about which Christmas Carol is the best adaptation of the book with many friends and most of the time, I get that the George C Scott version, [[ASIN:B0006419KA A Christmas Carol]] is the best. So I watched it and to be honest, it was a great version, but I think it had many faults. However I won't get into that here since this review is for the Disney version. Let's get to it.<br /><br />THE STORY<br />I saw a review here stating that this movie moved too slow through the emotional scenes and too quickly through everything else. Your opinion on this may differ depending on how you interpret the book, but for me, this story is a heartfelt tale of a grumpy old man who hates happiness mainly because he doesn't have any. You're supposed to hate this man while trying to figure out why everyone around him has sympathy. Only later on when Scrooge is visited by his spirits do you begin to understand how he got to be the way he is. And right about the moment you start feeling your own sympathies, you watch Scrooge begin to \\"open his eyes\\". After the spirits have shown him his past, present and future, Scrooge has an awakening and realizes what's really important in life. The reason I mentioned all that is because although this book was written during part of Charles Dickens' darkside of storytelling and \\"A Christmas Carol\\" was (or is) supposed to be a ghost story, I feel like with today's audience, this story won't scare anyone, so it's nice to have a bit of the warm side.<br /><br />Other adaptations of this story do not have much of a warm side, but the Disney version seems to capture both. The speed of this film is perfect. If you watch the other versions with the book in hand, it almost feels like the actors are simply reading their lines and jumping from one scene to the next with no time for the audience to take in what is transpiring. That's why I do not think this version moves too slow.<br /><br />Unlike the George C. Scott version, I find that with Disney's version, Scrooge makes a more believable transformation in the end. Because he starts out as a feeble old man, it becomes very believable that he's only being mean because he has an unhappy side to him. This is why the people around him feel so much sympathy. It's almost like it's not his fault. To me, this makes the best Scrooge. The problem with George C. Scott is that he's already a very powerful and dominating force (and great actor), so he's already expected to be a mean person. This makes it feel like at the end of that movie, Scrooge is more or less just being nice because he has to and not because he really had a life-changing night. There's not much of a distinction between angry George C. Scott and happy George C. Scott!<br /><br />Disney's version makes Scrooge very humble in the end...almost to the point of groveling (although he doesn't). The reason this sold it for me was because it made me feel like the spirits really shook him to his core. He was genuinely scared and sad throughout the whole process, thus the end reactions appear more genuine. The end scene at his nephew's house even has a bit of sadness to it. It's hard to get choked up over animated movies, but this one comes very close! I think that if this movie had been live-action, Jim Carrey might not have sold me on Scrooge only because it's hard to see Jim Carrey as a mean person. However, the way he voiced Scrooge really brings it home.<br /><br />THE SPIRITS<br />A lot of reviews hated the spirits in this version for either being too weird, too obnoxious or too scary. I find all three of these assessments to be false. In almost every adaptation, the Spirit of Christmas Present is generally the same, but the other two vary dramatically. I found that what Disney did with the Spirit of Christmas Past (making him a candle) fit in best with how Dickens described him in the book. It made it much easier to visualize a spirit with a head glowing of bright light (the flame) and it made more sense as to why he was holding a snuffer. Granted, the comparison might be unfair to past iterations because this movie employs special effects that we didn't have in the past, but still...I think it's much better.<br /><br />The one thing I liked a lot was that the first two spirits were acted out by Jim Carrey too. When reading the book, you almost want to believe that the spirits are actually figments of Scrooge's own imagination, therefore they would probably be in his own image. In this movie, they are just that and they make no attempt at hiding this fact. That in itself offered a little more to the \\"coolness\\" factor.<br /><br />The Spirit of Christmas Future is what really makes this movie seem scary, but that's where we get into the realm of the original story being a ghost story. I really like that Disney didn't \\"Disney-fy\\" it too much. Of course, there is some concern with this film being too scary for young children as it deals with death and is generally a very dark picture, but keeping it inline with the story was very important and this version does just that. If you're concerned about your children, just watch it with them and explain to them what's going on. They'll understand.<br /><br />THE SOUND<br />One of the areas where this movie excels is the sound and music. If you have the option, watch this on your home theatre system and you'll be mesmerized by how the littlest of sound will be so prevalent in very quiet scenes. I find that this adds to the drama and even creates a bit of fear in some parts. Even the voices are crisp and clear. The sound of falling snow sounds just as it would. It almost let's you hear what cold sounds like...if that's possible!<br /><br />The soundtrack is just as fabulous although this film is not heavily scored. I find that it uses music in just the right places and by doing so, it doesn't drown out what's happening.<br /><br />CONCLUSION<br />I find something I like in all versions of A Christmas Carol and I've seen a lot! However, I really loved the book and it always makes me wonder off to some cold city in England of the past where Christmas is a vibrant time during the coldest part of the year. I wonder how life would have been back in those times and I try to imagine what it would be like to live in a place like that. Unfortunately, many of the film adaptations still feel like we're on a movie set and things don't always look right. This version, however really illustrates an almost perfect collection of scenes that seem to flow seamlessly from one to the next. Of course, the fact that this movie is animated helps out a lot since they can do whatever they want with a virtual world, but that's ok! If that's the best way to tell a story like this, then so be it.<br /><br />None of what I said above is meant to disregard any other version of this story as they are all great in their own way. But in the end, this has become my favorite.made more sense as to why he was holding a snuffer. Granted, the comparison might be unfair to past iterations because this movie employs special effects that we didn't have in the past, but still...I think it's much better.  The one thing I liked a lot was that the first two spirits were acted out by Jim Carrey too. When reading the book, you almost want to believe that the spirits are actually figments of Scrooge's own imagination, therefore they would probably be in his own image. In this movie, they are just that and they make no attempt at hiding this fact. That in itself offered a little more to the \\"coolness\\" factor.  The Spirit of Christmas Future is what really makes this movie seem scary, but that's where we get into the realm of the original story being a ghost story. I really like that Disney didn't \\"Disney-fy\\" it too much. Of course, there is some concern with this film being too scary for young children as it deals with death and is generally a very dark picture, but keeping it inline with the story was very important and this version does just that. If you're concerned about your children, just watch it with them and explain to them what's going on. They'll understand.  THE SOUND  One of the areas where this movie excels is the sound and music. If you have the option, watch this on your home theatre system and you'll be mesmerized by how the littlest of sound will be so prevalent in very quiet scenes. I find that this adds to the drama and even creates a bit of fear in some parts. Even the voices are crisp and clear. The sound of falling snow sounds just as it would. It almost let's you hear what cold sounds like...if that's possible!   The soundtrack is just as fabulous although this film is not heavily scored. I find that it uses music in just the right places and by doing so, it doesn't drown out what's happening.   CONCLUSION  I find something I like in all versions of A Christmas Carol and I've seen a lot! However, I really loved the book and italways makes me wonder off to some cold city in England of the past where Christmas is a vibrant time during the coldest part of the year. I wonder how life would have been back in those times and I try to imagine what it would be like to live in a place like that. Unfortunately, many of the film adaptations still feel like we're on a movie set and things don't always look right. This version, however really illustrates an almost perfect collection of scenes that seem to flow seamlessly from one to the next. Of course, the fact that this movie is animated helps out a lot since they can do whatever they want with a virtual world, but that's ok! If that's the best way to tell a story like this, then so be it.  None of what I said above is meant to disregard any other version of this story as they are all great in their own way. But in the end, this has become my favorite.
159562015X|5.0|This book encourages the reader to look at his/her strengths and build on them, rather than our weaknesses. It is so easy to focus on the areas we are weakest. Our team at work read this book. Then we took the assessment using the code in the back and we are learning to work together using each other's strengths. Teaming has been very positive thus far!
B002SSUQFG|4.0|Great looking watch, although I wish the band was a bit wider. The three star are because it runs slow. Seems to loose about a second every hour. I think I'll send it to Seiko to get it checked out, hopefully they can resolve the problem.<br /><br />***01/21/13<br />I soon learned that 20-25 seconds was within Seiko's accuracy standards and learned to live with the watch running slow, but after two years I realized that it was losing about a minute a day. This is about three times Seiko's accuracy standards (+ or - 15-20 seconds a day for mechanical movements) so, I stopped by their service department ( I live about 15 miles away) and they adjusted the movement and cleaned it up. Great service and quick (it was ready in two business days). It is now running about 4.30 seconds slow a day (4.30 SECONDS ON A $65 WATCH!!!).<br />I added an extra star to the rating because I have really come to love this watch. Good lume, good crystal (I have accidentally hit it so many times and it's still spotless)  good dial and now great accuracy for a $65 mechanical watch.<br />It's hard to find a watch this good for such a small amount of money. Just buy it already!
0765322889|3.0|Erikson's debut novel is interesting, but like most other debutants there are a number of issues with the writing itself, as well as how he's decided to tell the story.  First of all, Erikson throws you into his world and leaves you to feel things out. Things happen which don't make much sense until you begin piecing together the puzzle and start figuring out what's happening. While this helps the reader develop their own understanding, this takes time and it can be confusing. Even throughout the latter parts of the book there are references to things which don't make sense to the reader.  Then there's his choice of narrative. Erikson focuses strongly on the plot, skipping between characters to give a full perspective of events. On the upside, the timeline is tight and there's not much of a problem keeping track of the story. That comes at a cost though, because we don't get to spend much time with the characters, and as a result 1) there's little chance to associate with a character and become attached, and 2) the sole driver of the story is plot.  This might be ok, but Erikson's character development here is hit and miss. Some characters seem to have depth, while others fall flat. This is compounded by the limited amount of time we get with the characters; it creates a barrier to getting some character-driven interaction, and instead all character development seems to be a result of the plot direction.  Editing is also needed for Gardens of the Moon. I encountered a number of clunky, awkward sentences which made me have to stop and re-read them to figure out what was actually meant. I noticed this less as the story went on, but that could be a result of the latter parts of the book being more interesting.  Speaking of which - this is a pretty uneven book because of the aforementioned factors. The opening third is slow, and everything only begins to come together after that point. I think the best way to describe Gardens of the Moon, and the way it reads, is like an extended prologue. There's certainly enough that's happened which has laid the foundations for later books, and enough development that (hopefully) the second entry in the series won't be so confusing.  The worldbuilding is excellent, though, and the magic seems to be a mix of originality and stereotypical fantasy. I expect that the next book, Deadhouse Gates, will build on this, and also tackle some of the flaws in Erikson's writing.  3/5
0307595579|5.0|Just wanted everyone to know that I recieved my package on time and in perfect  condition. I would buy from Amazon again!!! I know that these books are going to make a splash  at Holiday Time!  Sincerely,  Deb
B001EIOOWC|5.0|Great Movie, came shipped really well and very fast. AA+ One of Viggo Mortensen's best movies. Best fight scene in the spa that I have ever seen. The story is full of twists and turns and will surprise you.
B0063IH60K|4.0|this is a great app that plays just as you would expect. It works on my kindle fire as is a great break from reading when traveling.
0756404738|5.0|Patrick Rothfuss... Yes, it is that good.  This series is the best you will ever read. Read it. Love it.
B005FVA3LK|5.0|Truly worth it. Indispensable item for anyone who likes U2. The box comes with 6 CDs, 4 DVDs, beautiful pictures in a card form and a beautiful book. I recommend. And Amazon is to be congratulated for service delivery.
B005UDD1R6|3.0|I'm looking for a mp3 player which will display Podcast Info and subtitles embedded within mp3 files as the audio is played.  This app did not state it does in the descriptions nor was it able to.  So I'm giving the neutral ratting of 3.  I will give a 5 rating when I find an app which does this.  You are welecome to leave a comment to my review should you  know of on which does this.  Background info of what I'm looking for:  My Chinese lessons mp3 files have Chinese phonetic, English translation, and Chinese characters along with the audio. This makes them very useful to learn the foreign language.  The size of my Kindle Fire is perfect for studding my lessons. However, the KF MP3 player and this app does not do this.   To enable this feature for Windows Media Player, to the following:  Right click screen on WMP, mouse over pop up menu \\"Lyrics captions subtitles\\", click \\"On if available\\"  To enable this feature on an iPod Touch MP3 player (may be the same for iPhone and iPad), do the following:  Settings->Music->Lyrics & Podcast Info - ON
0307891402|5.0|So the overall quality of the content of this book extends to the actual material and pages. Even the bookmark is a high quality ribbon that is pretty thick and very functional.<br /><br />Throw in the Interactive map and physical map and this is also an extremely good value on top of being a must have for any big fan of the game.<br /><br />Downside?<br /><br />Probably that it is the same size and weight as a college western civ or biology text book but if you want the feeling of getting your moneys worth then look no further.
B004FRX0MY|3.0|I'm assuming this is the same music player built into the Kindle Fire.  I'm looking for a mp3 player which will display Podcast Info and subtitles embedded within mp3 files as the audio is played.  This is not state it does in the descriptions nor was it able to.  So I'm giving the neutral ratting of 3. However, the cloud storage works great!  I will upgrade to 5 stars should this app be updated to do this.  You are welcome to leave a comment to my review should you  know of on which does this.  Background info of what I'm looking for:  My Chinese lessons mp3 files have Chinese phonetic, English translation, and Chinese characters along with the audio. This makes them very useful to learn the foreign language.  The size of my Kindle Fire is perfect for studding my lessons. However, the KF MP3 player and this app does not do this.   To enable this feature for Windows Media Player, to the following:  Right click screen on WMP, mouse over pop up menu \\"Lyrics captions subtitles\\", click \\"On if available\\"  To enable this feature on an iPod Touch MP3 player (may be the same for iPhone and iPad), do the following:  Settings->Music->Lyrics & Podcast Info - ON
B0063IH60K|5.0|great app, no issues at all... lots of card choices, wish there were a few more bg choices, but the custom is pretty cool.
0307959856|2.0|This book, by an author whom I very much admire, is a great disappointment.  It failed to satisfy me as a PD James fan and it failed to satisfy me as a Jane Austen fan.  By coincidence, I happen to have reread \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" recently so James' failure to live up to Austen's style and flavor was all too apparent to me.  But, even more disappointingly, James fails to live up to her own style and flavor, which are themselves so elegant and delicious but so different from Austen's.  So this book is neither fish nor fowl - it's not an Austen novel and it's not what one expects of a PD James' novel.  If it hadn't been written by PD James, I would never have bought it.  I cannot recommend this book to her fans but perhaps those hungry for anything that takes them back into Jane Austen's world will find enough to satisfy them.
B00076RT24|5.0|After loaning our copy to our grandson, only to never see it again, I was happy to find the listing for this DVD at Amazon.  While it is not the Blu-Ray version, it works for us.  Thank you!
B003INBOEM|4.0|I saw the DVD and decided we had to have the blu-ray.<br />Unfortunately it won't play on our Blu-ray player.<br />Don't waste your money on  the Blu-ray.<br /><br />My new Blu-Ray player plays it fine.
0307891402|4.0|This strategy guide is truly gorgeous! I've put over 100+ hours into Skyrim at this point, and the guide has been very helpful. If you're into Alchemy it lists every single ingredient, what its four effects are, and exactly which combinations create a desired effect, very handy! This is barely scratching the surface. I could go on and on for pages about how great this guide is.  However, if I was going to nitpick, there were two things specifically I did not like about the Strategy guide. Firstly, when you're on certain quests, instead of linking you directly to the page in the Atlas section containing a map for that area, it often would simply give you the first page of the Atlas section, leaving you to find it for yourself.   Secondly, on that note, there is no place that the random caves/villages are listed alphabetically, this is a major oversight. Often times I would discover a new cave, and flipped to the index, it was not listed. The Atlas Section is organized by \\"zones\\" only, but unless you happen to know which zone you're in, that doesn't help much at all.   Overall, the amount of content listed in this guide is staggering. Its a great product and I would recommend it to everyone playing Skyrim. You just have to be a little patient when looking up where you are in the game world. 4 out of 5 stars for the clunky Atlas.
0439023521|1.0|I really wanted to enjoy this series; it is well written and I liked the characters. But I found that I could never suspend disbelief due the author's obvious, forced attempt to remove any Judeo-Christian morality and ethics from the books' dystopian society at large (Ditto with The City of Ember). No human society (or parents!) would EVER sanction the wholesale slaughter of children for the amusement of compassionless adults.  Look, we all read fiction as escapist entertainment right?  The gratuitous maiming of children --even as fiction-- is NEVER entertainment!
045122499X|5.0|I loved \\"Pillars of the Earth\\" and looked forward to getting \\"World Without End\\".  I am not disappointed.  The characters are engaging.  With every chapter I want to learn what will happen to the \\"good\\" guys and the \\"bad\\" guys next.  I want to keep reading but, like \\"Pillars\\", I also don't want it to end.  Plus I learn so much about life in the 14th century.  I noticed they had inheritance taxes back then too.  They were called heriots, not inheritance or death taxes, then.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|Analyzer works when trying to establish a wifi channel in the or detecting interfere from a neighbor.  Work great when trying  to find a free connection
0385534639|3.0|I had heard many great things about The Night Circus and once I bought it I couldn't wait to get it home and start reading it. The first few chapters started out very promiscing and then the story dwindled into something that wasn't exceptional, just exceptionally average. I really thought the imagery in the story was beautifully written. However, a story cannot stand on imagery alone. I really wanted to fall in love with the two main characters in the book (Celia and Marco), but they were not as relatable as I would have expected and it is hard to get to know them because they didn't seem like they were fleshed out enough. The same goes with all the other characters with the exception of the adorable twins Poppet and Widget. The story line was exciting in some places but it dragged on in others and it never seemed to address the main issues. From the description on the inside cover of the book I already knew that a love story was going to develop between Celia and Marco, but they didn't even meet each other until the last half of the book and even then I couldn't see how they had fallen in love after only speaking with each other three times. Overall, I enjoyed this book and I would recommend it to others. I think I just expected a little to much and couldn't help but feel a little disappointed in the end. However, my disappointment didn't stop be from liking the book. On a scale of 1 to 10, I would give it a solid 6.
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|This edition has lots of great features, arrived exactly on time, in perfect condition... The price was competitive and quite a bit lower than other places
B005CA4SJW|5.0|This is one of the few television shows I have bought. The couple episodes I caught on stars were awesome!! So awesome I decided I would buy the series, which I never do!! It's also the only show my best friend follows through, which is pretty crazy because he never follows one show!!
B006JN5KBG|5.0|Just a heads up to all that might be reading this, besides individuals selling this blu ray on Amazon you can get it EXCLUSIVELY at Screenarchives.com for about 30 bucks.  They have a special deal with Sony Pictures for more experimental titles and they're only releasing 3000 copies of most.  I got this one and Mysterious Island on HD and am a very happy camper.<br /><br />I'm not going to review the movie because the only reason anyone would be interested in this blu ray would be if they already have seen it.  I'm going to recommend trying to find and grabbing a copy based on the transfer and sound.  This thing has never looked this good.  Great care was taken in transferring the picture.  It looks crisp and bright, but not overly that the dark atmosphere is overshadowed.  There's no Predator like DGR in this thing.  There is grain but appropriate grain that helps give the images depth and character.  The sound is stunning.  My speakers were really getting a work out with the mix.  There's sounds that I didn't even ever remember hearing in any other viewing.  The special effects laden finale is a real showcase for the picture and sound.<br /><br />Special features are a let down I'm sorry to say.  There really isn't any.  You get two trailers, which are not in HD.  And you get an isolated music score by Brad Fiedel which is AWESOME.  Fright Night has my all time favorite synth score, with Carpenter's Escape From New York right under it.  The package comes with a four page booklet with an essay going into depth of the merrits of the film in horror history.  The essay is penned by Julie Kirgo and she does a really good job of praising this film.  She hits the nail on the head regarding how much is really going on tin the subtext of this film beyond the in jokes, fun characters, gore, and frights.  The only problem is that she spends a decent amount of time talking about the gay undertones of the film.  This I don't understand.  I don't think there are any.  In retrospect you can place them there, but I don't see them there naturally.  I don't think Jerry's relationship with his live in carpenter Billy is homoerotic AT ALL.  Sorry.  Billy is Jerry's version of Refield.  That's it.  She also goes into the gay undertones involving the character of Evil Ed.  Again, I just don't think it's there.  I think he's an outcast due to his quirks and personality and nerdiness.  Jerry offers him power, not sex.  Now the actor who played Evil Ed went on to do gay porn and that's common knowledge to most horror fans at this point, but that has NOTHING to do with the film at hand.  I think some people like to place it there in retrospect due to the actor's career decisions.  Whatever.<br /><br />I love this movie.  I loved it at eight years old and I still love it now all these years later.  If you can still get one of these blu rays from the above mentioned website or off of ANY other website, I hight recommend you do.  If you love this film as much as I do you won't get buyer's remorse.<br /><br />PS: Inside the booklet theres a web address, iconsoffright, and it states that this site features some audio commentaries for the film.  I say why not get one included on the disc?  I gurantee director Tom Holland, Williams Ragsdale and Chris Sarandon are game.  Hell, Sarandon even contributed a wicked cameo in the recent remake which I enjoyed very much.  WAIT A MINUTE, I know all above mentioned are game!  BECAUSE on this site they're the ones contributing to the commentary tracks, two tracks, which also includes the actor that plays Billy the Renfield carpenter of Jerry.  WTF?  Why couldn't this have been included on this package or ANY package.hem there, but I don't see them there naturally.  I don't think Jerry's relationship with his live in carpenter Billy is homoerotic AT ALL.  Sorry.  Billy is Jerry's version of Refield.  That's it.  She also goes into the gay undertones involving the character of Evil Ed.  Again, I just don't think it's there.  I think he's an outcast due to his quirks and personality and nerdiness.  Jerry offers him power, not sex.  Now the actor who played Evil Ed went on to do gay porn and that's common knowledge to most horror fans at this point, but that has NOTHING to do with the film at hand.  I think some people like to place it there in retrospect due to the actor's career decisions.  Whatever.  I love this movie.  I loved it at eight years old and I still love it now all these years later.  If you can still get one of these blu rays from the above mentioned website or off of ANY other website, I hight recommend you do.  If you love this film as much as I do you won't get buyer's remorse.  PS: Inside the booklet theres a web address, iconsoffright, and it states that this site features some audio commentaries for the film.  I say why not get one included on the disc?  I gurantee director Tom Holland, Williams Ragsdale and Chris Sarandon are game.  Hell, Sarandon even contributed a wicked cameo in the recent remake which I enjoyed very much.  WAIT A MINUTE, I know all above mentioned are game!  BECAUSE on this site they're the ones contributing to the commentary tracks, two tracks, which also includes the actor that plays Billy the Renfield carpenter of Jerry.  WTF?  Why couldn't this have been included on this package or ANY package.
B001UHOWXI|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies of all time. I watch this 3-4 times a year. The acting is great, the screen play is great just a beutiful movie that everyone should have the honor of seeing.
0783225547|4.0|I enjoyed this movie.  It is a family-type movie.  However, there are a couple of death scenes that might bother younger children.  For a disaster movie, it is better than most.  It was nice to have a good guy who didn't go around his boss and take things into his own hands.  It was a more realistic compared to most action movies where the hero walks across everyone around him because he is right and they are all wrong.  Good movie.
0739366408|4.0|Had it not been the abridged version it probably would have gotten 5 stars... It was actually really good. Now that its been a couple weeks I think I will listen to it again. You can't help but wonder if some of the things would actually happen durning \\"world war z\\". Its a good listen if your driving down the road wondering \\"What if\\". I enjoyed each of the short \\"interviews\\"/ stories. I love zombies
B000GLDOXS|5.0|A great movie of the Viet Nam war.  Worth seeing, worth buying.  It was money, and time, well spent.  Everyone did a great job.  Thanks for the fast service.
B005LJK3AC|1.0|Awful. Totally predictable plot, cheesy lines, and an all too cliche formula of over-aged college boys doing dumb things. If you graduated from high school, you could have written a better story in 6th grade. Aniston and her hot bod where the only salvation, easily eclipsed by the voice of the short idiot.   I wish I could have a refund.
B000GUJYRE|4.0|==CD1==   Symphony 3  For me haitink's rendition of Beethoven's 3rd does not work. The Haitink Lean style is perfect for the 5th. The compression or lean approach of Haitink works to concentrate the content into sharp thin areas and makes the music more focused. The 3rd symphony in terms of musical content is more suited to a broader and expansive interpretation rather than compressed and leaner interpretation (at least for me). Haitink conducts this symphony with an overall slower tempo. The 2nd movement just crawls. The highpoint is the 3rd movement of the 3rd where some light shines. I consider this average in an otherwise interesting and exciting Beethoven cycle.  Symphony 4,8   This is a beautiful rendition of the Beethoven's 4th & Beethoven's 8th.The orchestra in this 4th feels more wholesome and less leaner than in the other Haitink symphonies in this cycle. Haitink captures the lilting melodies spot on. There is power zest and cheerful force in the first movement of the 4th. There is distinct clarity and crispness even in the pianissimo string passages. The last movement of the 4th is played with great virtuosity by the orchestra. The 8th symphony is played with exuberance and zest. This is probably the best CD in Haitink's Beethoven cycle. Haitink's lean, zippy and clean style suits the the 4th and 8th perfectly.   Symphony 5,1  Haitink's reading of the 5th is sprightly, at a fast clip and is a very different take from all the other 5th's I have. Clean, sparse. tonally simple and clear timpani. String phrases are quick, clear cut, and straightforward. Woodwinds are tonally simple. I get a very period instruments feel. The orchestra feels more stripped than the modern orchestra; the dense modern orchestra sound is replaced by a lean & focused sound. The orchestral sound is clear, sparse, articulate, harmonically contained & sharp; clear and short notes. This is a fresh interpretation, full of zest and youthful spirit; does not linger on each note. Haitink'sreading is such that the note is played quick and fast. In my Mind's eye - these are Quick fast straight and curved lines. Zippy, lean & focused. The acoustic spectrum on this recording is like a thin acoustic brush rather than a broad swath of sound. The reading of symphony 1 is also a class act. It is conducted with the right touch of juvenile naughtiness and frivilousness. After rummaging through my 7 cycles of Beethoven symphonies (Solti, Karajan, Cluytens, Szell, Bohm, Haitink, Muti) & Non full cycle compilations (Furtwangler, Giulini, Kleiber), I felt comfortable putting down the below as my top choices for the 5th that I keep returning to. Each of the below share the number one spot for me. I cannot pick a winner between them, they are all winners.  Bruno Walter/Columbia Symphony Orchestra/Sony   George Szell/Cleveland Orchestra/1963/Sony   Haitink/London Symphony Orchestra/2006   Kleiber/Vienna Philharmonic/1975-DG   Karl Bohm/Vienna Philharmonic/1975-DG  ===CD2===  Symphony 6,2   Haitink's lean and quick style has been a revelation to me - Beethoven's 5th, 7th and 9th. The lean style does help focus and simplify the music, but in the 2nd movement of the 6th the quick phrase style does not capture the emotional content of the 2nd movement but works in the first movement. Basically this style suits movements like the relatively faster movements and scherzo. This recording is sonically brilliant but the style of the reading does not overall evoke the 6th. The rustic power and swag of the third movement is missing; replaced by a feeble density where we require wholesome force; The storm section of the 6th is well done I must say; As much I tried to like this recording, I would say this one is great in patches but as a whole there is Something just off. The reading of the 2nd is also just about average.  Symphony 7, Triple concerto  This lean and mean orchestra has the right orchestral density to make this rendition of Beethoven's 7th spectacular. Clean, sparse,tonally simple and clear timpani. String phrases are quick, clear cut, and straightforward. The orchestra feels more stripped than the modern orchestra; the dense modern orchestral sound is replaced by a lean & focused sound. The orchestral sound is clear, sparse, articulate, harmonically contained & sharp; clear and short notes. Haitink's reading is such that the note is played quick and fast. Coming to the Triple concerto, you can actually dance along to the first movement. This is a light hearted and focused reading. I like this take. May not seem, as serious and introverted a reading as you might be accustomed to if you listen to some of the other well-known recordings. This style and tempo really makes the 2nd movement of the triple concerto feel very different from what I am used to hearing. The quick speed surprised me at first but as I listened to it, I found it charming and cute. This isn't your normal imposing and brooding triple concerto. To some it might feel like Haitink does not bring about the depth or emotion to this concerto because of the quick and lean style, but it is certainly very interesting. I cannot call this the definitive 7th and Triple concerto  Symphony 9  Quick tempo, clean orchestral sound, clarity and conciseness in tone characterize this recording. This reading by Haitink provides a feeling of gliding on a smooth surface with the least amount of friction. The reading could be considered relatively simplistic and not trying to negotiate the rough edges or deep dramatic emotional content; But I think Haintink's account seeks to clarify and simplify the harmonics; it sounds very pleasing and moves along at a brisk pace. This leaner sound approach allows the music to flow in a focused manner like sharp beams of light. The timpani sounds clear as discrete pulses of sound but with a hollow jangling 'period' sound because of which one of the reviewer here has referred to it as the conductor's version of the symphony for orchestra and timpani. I disagree on this. This is a beautiful rendition. You can discern the finiteness of the sound, and the crisp edges. I think this is an alternative and different way of viewing Bethoven's 9th. The instruments sound smooth. The technique and approach sound very 'period'; the orchestral weight and size seem a touch smaller than the more bombastic mordern orchestra versions of the 9th, yet the harmonic density, symphonic drive, and orchestral cohesion is just magically maintained from start to finish which makes this reading one of the best 9ths that I own. This is definitely one for the Beethoven collector and is a work of art in its own right regardless of what others might say about this reading. It is a very interesting, & exciting reading. This one figures in my list of 'top of the line 9ths'. Even if you are a seasoned Giulini, Bohm or Szell fan, check this one out. You might be pleasantly surprised.  Overall this is a great set to have in your collection. I would suggest you listen to the samples of few key movements of these symphonies (on the amazon product page) - 4th, 5th, 7th, 8th, and 9th and you should be able to tell if you like Haitink's style.
B005WZZRD8|5.0|Soo soo good. Ive watched this concert many times, also remixes awsome, well done GAGA.I luv when she talks to the crowd, not at them. If u buy this 3 disc set, beware, concert is included, so i have 2 concerts now. I bought actual dvd of concert, not knowing. Soo worth the money.
B005PTQPU0|5.0|I've loved Kate Bush's work for decades, and am amazed at how she manages to come up with something new and interesting time after time. 2005's Aerial had me listening with great pleasure to her singing about a washing machine in that beautiful soprano of hers, with tenderness and emotion usually reserved for long lost love... With \\"50 Words...\\" she's done it again. Who knows how she came up with the concept to this album, but it works. The music is contemplative, almost ambient in nature, but without the drowsiness that this genre is at times beset by. The sound engineering is amazingly well done and produces a richly enveloping environment with an underlying pulse that continues throughout the entire album, linking one story to the next. Some of the aural highlights become quite intense, but without ever being overdone. The singing by Kate and her collaborators is simply amazing - in her duet with Elton John the two old showhorses really crank up the volume for a wonderful finale. On the title track, Steven Fry's warm voice and sophisticated diction are a true delight.   I'm hereby naming this my official album for the season. Thanks Kate et al, and Merry Xmas to us all!
B000002NIW|5.0|Deftones is an alternative rock band with a really heavy sound, almost Metal sometimes but all the riffs and melodies are extremely catchy and compelling. I would say their music style is very unique, no other bands sound like that and YES, there is also a very sensual and sexy vibe to their music as well, thats almost impossible to miss.....<br /><br />It is not for everyone though...if you don't like heavy rock then you should probably stay away..... Chino Moreno also has a very special voice, he can sing and scream but he can also yell a lot and sometimes like to whisper depending on the mood of the song....<br /><br />All musicians are good...very good!! Abe Cunningham is an amazing drummer!!, just listen to the beat at the beginning of the \\"AROUND THE FUR\\" song and you'll see what i mean....that's what i call a good beat!!!...its lazy and its sexy at the same time!!!!!<br /><br />I've been having the album for years now and i never get tired of it!! Im about to get a replacement copy from Amazon really soon as mine is getting kinda old.....My favourite on the album is BE QUIET AND DRIVE (far away)<br /><br />If you like deftones, you should also get the others...My favourites are AROUND THE FUR (of course), WHITE PONY and DEFTONES (2003) I just recently got DIAMOND EYES (2010)  and will probably get the others as well!!!..but for now...if you wanna dig properly, you'll have to get around the fur...lol...<br /><br />ENJOY!!!!
B00005JNS0|5.0|Arrived very quickly and the disk looked like it was brand new! Plays great, my son loves it. Thanks so much!!!
B005HV6Y5W|1.0|This has got to be one of the worst movies out there ranking right along, but actually now replacing, The Fountain for first position. This movie is just bizarre.  Within the first half hour there is literally no story, no dialog and no point.  It is just visually someone's idea of... well... who knows what?<br /><br />*Possible Spoilers may be unintentionally mentioned* The most the movie has shown during this short time-frame is explosions in outer space and visually stunning filmography of different chemical style reactions.  Lots of flashing lights and flashes of different landscapes appear before you on the big screen.  Its all constantly changing. The point of the movie is lost among all of the different sequences.  It appears that the director/writer was on drugs.  Jelly fish sloshing around on the screen? Peaceful music?  You could almost mistake this for a peaceful meditation/sleep inducing movie if it weren't for the opera music laced between it all.  Then a dinosaur appears and runs around until he finds another dinosaur.  This new dinosaur is laying on the ground and the first dinosaur walks over and steps on the head of the dinosaur who is lying down.  What is the meaning of this? Very weird. Ah except it is a precursor to how the father treats his children and a child treats his brother.<br /><br />Yes, Brad Pitt and Sean Penn are in the movie, Pitt for about twenty minutes combined total, saying roughly ten or twenty sentences.  Penn has an even smaller part with roughly five minutes total and one or two sentences.<br /><br />This movie was filmed in such a way that it appears as a home video- filmed by a child, at a child's height and extremely close up.  The father is routinely depicted as an abusive, hard-nosed man who places odd demands upon his young children.  Pulling perfectly good green grass out of the yard....By hand....By his child. It appears he has a mental illness of some sort, OCD or maybe just a control freak?  He oddly obsesses over music and freely hands out tidbits of useless information to his kids throughout the movie.  He puts down his children constantly, and the children clearly cannot stand their father.  He is physically abusive to his wife and children.  A child dies.  A woman kisses a child wrapped in a tight white sheet. The whole body from head to toe is wrapped in this white sheet.  The same woman is shown floating around above the grass.  Its eerie.  A second child dies. A child grows up cruel, abusive and acting strangely just like his father. A child tells his father that his father would probably like to kill him when, the reality is, the child would actually like to kill his father. He prays that God will take his father away.  The movie continues as we follow two brothers living life with their family.  The older brother tormenting the younger brother in various different and demented ways.<br /><br />This is just a really odd movie that only a certain group will like.  This is going to be one of those movies that you either love or hate. I don't see how it could be middle of the road at all. And while \\"Dove\\" has given it the green light and approved it appropriate for kids 12+, they would be extremely bored and confused.  At over two hours its a bit much.  I am amazed by the people who can see/read deeper into the meaning of these two movies. Or maybe they are just seeing what they want to see?  I kept watching and waiting and waiting for a really awesome ending, and it just never came.  This is like a really bad dream that is in dire need of interpretation!tidbits of useless information to his kids throughout the movie.  He puts down his children constantly, and the children clearly cannot stand their father.  He is physically abusive to his wife and children.  A child dies.  A woman kisses a child wrapped in a tight white sheet. The whole body from head to toe is wrapped in this white sheet.  The same woman is shown floating around above the grass.  Its eerie.  A second child dies. A child grows up cruel, abusive and acting strangely just like his father. A child tells his father that his father would probably like to kill him when, the reality is, the child would actually like to kill his father. He prays that God will take his father away.  The movie continues as we follow two brothers living life with their family.  The older brother tormenting the younger brother in various different and demented ways.  This is just a really odd movie that only a certain group will like.  This is going to be one of those movies that you either love or hate. I don't see how it could be middle of the road at all. And while \\"Dove\\" has given it the green light and approved it appropriate for kids 12+, they would be extremely bored and confused.  At over two hours its a bit much.  I am amazed by the people who can see/read deeper into the meaning of these two movies. Or maybe they are just seeing what they want to see?  I kept watching and waiting and waiting for a really awesome ending, and it just never came.  This is like a really bad dream that is in dire need of interpretation!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|this app has al the versions.. a share to facebook feature and an audio feature. love it. get it u wing be disappointed
B004EPYZP8|4.0|This wasn't great, but it's much better than a lot of the current films. It'll keep your attention, especially if you've liked McConaughey in other films. The best part is trying to guess just how he'll pull it off. In that regard, it's more realistic than many other movies which have resolutions that just don't happen much, if at all.
B004QK5N5W|4.0|Got the apple adaptor and a 12' hdmi cable.  Cable works fine but the slightest pressure on the adaptor into the ipad2 and it comes loose from the tablet.  Even just sitting on lap or a flat surface.  Would have thought Apple would have made a tighter connection between the ipad and their own adaptor.  Ordering a longer hdmi cable fornhome use, will use the 12' for travel.
1423140591|5.0|After the surprise twist at the end of The Lost Hero, I couldn't WAIT to read The Son of Neptune! While I like Camp Half-Blood better, I was still pretty interested in The Roman camp and especially some of the characters, even bringing back some minor characters from The Percy Jackson series (Percy made more enemies then he thought). Hazel's character is pretty interesting, and I'm glad Nico is back as well! Frank is SO freaking awesome! He can do anything! (Tehe) I can't wait for book three, The Mark of Athena. I'm very interested about Annabeth's rule in all of this, especially if it could mean bad news for Percy.
0307891372|4.0|I don't want to repeat what all the good reviews have said but I have had multiple alchemy mixtures fail based on following the guide.  Other than that, this thing is awesome.
B002TLSSXO|5.0|It had been 5 years since my wedding, and my cooking utensils were starting to look dingy and the handles were getting loose.  I was so excited to find this fun set on amazon at a price that was comprable to the calphalon set I was considering.  I LOVE these.  The colors are so much fun, and so far, they are holding up nicely.  I like the weighted handles, although that can make it tricky if you like to leave your utensils in the pot/pan, as they tend to fall out.  On the counter, the weighted handles keep the \\"business end\\" off the counter top, but beware that the sauce/batter/etc. will still drip onto your counter.  Again, the colors are fun, the design is great, and the sizes are perfect.  The set includes everything you need for daily cooking.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I recieved this cd wrapped and packaged. It had no scraches on it and it played really well. I would buy for this person again.
B000XA5K48|1.0|If you a like cheasy, stupid movie, this movie is right up your alley!  I've thought about running it over with my truck, but I think that I'll safe it for when I go to the range next time.  The only highlight was the fact that there ummm... no, it was stupid.
0312983867|3.0|This was not Evanovick's best effort, I don't think.  BUt I kept going and there are definitely some laugh out loud parts, which is what keeps us all coming back!
034547581X|5.0|Movie was good, but the book was awesome!  The action and the sacrifice those that sacrificed so much for our freedom!  We Were Soldiers Once... and Young was a great book to read over and over again.  Only thing is I should've purchased a hardbound cover - mine is already torn many times over since my continuous deployment to Iraq and Afghanistan.  It's a no-brainer for me to recommend to my Soldiers and peers to read.
B004I8WD6E|5.0|Ive tried 2 other cases before this one for my white 4s they either didn't look good or offererd little protection but this case has the best of both its crystal clear shows off my white Iphone great and offers great protection its not hard or soft its in between it slids in and out of your pocket or case easily like a hard case not like those rubber or silicon cases but has a resiliency to it that if droped will absorb shock and does extend some beyond the screen to protect if droped screen side down its the perfect combination. After all is that not why you want the white Iphone it looks beautiful the way it is, you dont want to cover it up with a colored case, 2 of my friends went and ordererd this case after seeing mine and one has a boring black Iphone but it also looks good on it.
B005UKJX4E|4.0|What exactly is one to make of Terrence Malick's wildly creative, deeply personal and ultimately perplexing latest film?  Different reviews of the film have likened it to everything from a poem to a symphony to a prayer.  Each description is fitting, but what is most remarkable about The Tree of Life is that it is at once all of these things and none of them at the same time.  Malick's first film since \\"The New World\\" is truly an enigma that is not for everyone.  Some will find it deep and philisophical while others will find it unfocused and pretentious.  Yet others will find and immense sense of peace and beauty.  In a way, the film is ultimately a metaphor for life as it will be interpreted and experienced differently by each perso who views it.  That may be its greatest asset.<br /><br />The majority of the film focuses on Jack, a young boy growing up in the midwest in the mid 50's.  The film follows him and studies his relationships with his brothers and his mother and father (Brad Pitt), who both love him but have different parenting approaches.  His mother instills the virtues of love in him while his father raises him to watch out for his own interests and not trust anyone but himself.  Malick directs theses scenes with little dialouge or exposition, but he manages to suck you in to the story anyway thanks to his masterful command of tone and pacing.  During these lyrical passages of the film, Malick ponders themes as diverse as family, life, death, love, God and the very creation of the universe.<br /><br />It can all be pretentious and the nonlinear structure of the film will be quite frustrating to those who are accustomed to more conventional storytelling, but there is no denying the majestic beauty of a film that tangles with big ideas in an uncompromising manner.
B000002PH1|4.0|I listened to this album non-stop as a tween, and got a hankering to hear it again. I was a little worried that it would sound cheesy and outdated, like some of the other albums from the 80s I have recently purchased. Though it is obviously dated, many of the songs really seemed to hold up well, and were still very enjoyable. I just love Belinda!
1442346949|5.0|Excelent!  This audio book is an excelent complement to the written book, making easier to understand the story for people who doesn't have english an first language.
0307891402|5.0|This one rates high for quality and content.  A very beautiful guide and a good read when you manage to get time away from the greatest rpg of all time.
1603425381|4.0|A valuable addition to my library. I have another border book, but this is more comprehensive. I know I will be referring to it many times, as I make shawls, afghans, etc. that can be enhanced with a lovely border.
B004EBUXSA|5.0|I overclocked my i7 2600k to 4.5GHz on air cooling and it's running stable and cool. I'm using a CoolerMastery Hyper 212+ w/ Arctic Silver 5 and the i7 idles at 30c and goes up to 70c with IntelBurnTest and only 63-65c with Prime95.  This processor is fast, efficient, and easily overclocked. I would recommend it to everyone.
1400032717|4.0|The story of Christopher Boone and his struggle of understanding an alien world won writer Mark Haddon multiple awards such as, The Whitbread book of the Year Award and the Guardian children's fiction prize. BAFTA award winning author, illustrator and screen-writer, Haddon's depiction of a fifteen year old boy's struggle with Asperger's Syndrome is no exception of his previous great works. What starts off as a `crime' novel develops into a touching story that watches a young teen, with the utmost innocence, battle the harsh truths of life.   The book's narration, written through Christopher Boone's eyes, opens up a world unknown to your `average Joe'. Christopher's main worry in life is passing his maths A-level at fifteen - until his neighbour's dog Wellington is found dead in the garden. This discovery turns his whole world upside down.  Haddon's methodical style of writing accurately portrays Christopher's ability to understand mathematical or scientific equations, such as The Monty Hall Problem, but finds difficulty in understanding basic human behaviour. His childlike innocence is portrayed in the layman's descriptions and his strong belief in right and wrong. These factors accompanied by Christopher's attempt to approach the world and the unknown with the use of science and maths (something he does understand) acts as an eye-opening and realistic portrayal of a young boy suffering with Asperger's Syndrome.   This book is definitely a favourite of mine. It is an enlightening read as I have never known anyone with Asperger's syndrome. Any reader would empathise with not only Christopher but his family's situation- an aspect which plays an important role in the plot and outcome of Christopher's life.     Haddon pulls at the heart strings of the reader in order to show how people such as Christopher Boone are misunderstood by society and judged because they don't understand. Christopher's difficulty in expressing his feelings results strange, concerned looks whenhe \\"does groaning\\" or is taken to a prison cell just because he doesn't like to be touched. In writing the story from Christopher's point of view it acts as an educational text as well as entertainment. Haddon's interpretation of public reaction through Christopher's eyes makes you question all external judgements and see the boy for the person he really is, rather than someone strange or dangerous.     Not a lot happens in the first half of this book however this is not necessarily a bad thing as one would usually think. It is all about getting to know Christopher and understanding the way he thinks. By understanding the importance of routine and regularity in Christopher's life it shows the challenge that Christopher undergoes in order to do simple tasks, such as trip to the train station, that most consider an everyday part of life. It is when you stop and consider the distress Christopher goes through in order to follow then norms of everyday life that you truly acknowledge the depth behind the story and Mark Haddon's fictional genius.
B0052GACNM|5.0|This CD has quickly become one of my favorites in my collection of artists that encompass almost every genre. Not a fan of Lady GaGa but I must admit, even her rendition with Tony made me sing along. Fantastic performances. Fantastic CD. It arrived quickly and on time.
B005IU1OMA|5.0|Do you like snowboarding and slow motion video? If so, you will not be disappointed with this product. There is some pretty amazing footage, though you might be surprised that the clips of getting to the mountain are as good as the pros going down the mountain.
B00454U1NS|5.0|Because you know, Pink is GOING to come out with many many more awesome songs, and when she releases another Greatest Hits album, I will buy that one too. Every song on this CD is fabulous, but then, just about every P!NK song is. Keep 'em comin!
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|Great movie,keep you up from start to the end. The way story tied together from the first Harry Potter to the last one is amazing.
B0049GYXDG|1.0|It is amazing to me that Blu Ray technology has now been out for as long as it has, and it still doesn't work.  I always buy the blu ray dvd combos hoping for a great blu ray experience but expecting to have to watch dvd.  This one is a dvd type.  Blu ray doesnt work  Yay Disney!
B005KDWUFA|5.0|This CD was purchased from Amazon.  Splendid voices from gentlemen from four different countries.  Unique and might be compared to the Tenors who were the rage a few years ago. Delivery on time and I will use again, and again.
B00130VLZ4|5.0|This camera case fit my canon t2i very well! Protects the camera very well too! I would definitely recommend this for someone just wanting a small protective case!
B00004R99J|5.0|I received exactly what I ordered and it arrived ahead of schedule.  I would definitely order from this provider again.
0060873027|1.0|This book is a definite no-go. I have read quite a few of Michael Crichton's books, and I find it hard to believe that his contribution to this before his death was more than a few scribbled note cards. Crichton's power was never in well-fleshed out characters, but in taking wild ideas and making them believable, sustained with science that is researched and explained. None of that is evident in this book. I don't know that I would blame Richard Preston for the failures, either - I think the blame rests solely with the publisher, hoping to keep their cash cow alive.  The technology behind the shrinking machine is never explained. A ham-handed deus ex machina is given early in the book (seriously, who just randomly hands out cards of some guy that does illegal phone searches and taps, and then what guy, who is doing the illegal phone search and tap, just agrees to do one for a client, sight unseen, with no payment or confirmation that this illegal activity will not be disclosed to the authorities?!). The bad guy, once he has the students shrunk, decides that the best way to dispose of them is not something easy like flush them down the toilet or just plain squish them under his foot, but to feed them one by one to different snakes (which, like a scene from Austin Powers, devolves into the bad guy leaving instead of staying around to make sure that the students are eaten). The characters act in no way like real people, especially real people who have just been shrunk. Descriptions of the characters moving and interacting with the micro-world are thin and boring.   Skip this book - it's not worth reading.
B003WZ344E|5.0|Ben R. Rich does such a good job of describing the events and people that were involved in the U-2, the stealth fighter, and the Blackbird, that you feel you are on the team. You get to find the problems and help solve them with unique (sometimes-simpler) solutions. I found the explanation that being invisible to radar has nothing to do with size. And it is over way too soon.<br /><br />This makes you wonder what they are up to today?<br /><br />[[ASIN:0760317925 Ultimate Fighter: Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighter]]
B0063IH60K|5.0|this game is super fun! I totally enjoy it :) it is easy if you are not so good at solitaire.
B0000VCZKM|3.0|It's pointless to look for a Hustonian thematic map with Annie, the man had to pay his taxes too after all. So what's left? A musical with fine moments, a half Pippi Longstoching half Shirley Temple character who sings and dances correctly, some catchy songs that linger in the head and the performance of Albert Finney and Carol Burnett. Recommended to Huston completists or to parents looking for a rainy sunday afternoon family movie.<br /><br />Final note: if you're looking for a widescreen version of ANNIE and if you own a multi-zone DVD player, you'll have to visit the British branch of this site in order to find it.
B005D63RQK|5.0|First of all, you must watch seasons 1-3 for the build-up to this. It's truly amazing to see how the pace, pulse, & explosion of writing take you through into season 4. Every episode will stun you, catch you off guard, & sometimes leave you breathless as to the complete insanity one man can get his life into. The actors are second to none. Bryan Cranston will win more awards, as will the supporting cast in this show. There are not enough words as to how much I recommend watching this show. Quality like this is just too rare nowadays.
B0057VDGNK|4.0|One of the best films and soundtracks of the year. Erie, haunting and dark score mixed with synth pop 80's feeling tracks. Very emotive and one to have in the collection. Nothing commercial at all, bringing talent to the forefront.
B005DD7TI0|4.0|This movie had a pretty interesting plot- original and controversial (taking drugs to find success).<br /><br />I think the characters could have been developed a little more. We didn't learn much about his on-again, off-again girlfriend, or even DeNiro's character.<br /><br />Overall, there was enough suspense to keep things interesting, and a few plot twists to make you think. The ending was a little \\"blah,\\" but the movie did not disappoint!<br /><br />(Sorry for the sparse review, but there are already so many that expound on what I've already said, it just seems repetitive to write it all out again!)
B005B19UPE|5.0|Excellent novel.  Well written.  Appreciate the depth of historical knowledge provided.  Definitely should be a read.  Would also recommend for a reading group.
1597801585|3.0|I wanted to like this story, but a strong beginning drifted into a weak middle, with an attempt to revive the story in the last few pages.  I enjoyed the speculation of where we are headed in a world dominated by supranational conglomerates which value only the monetary value of climate, bioresearch, and humanity.  I look forward to watching Mr. Paolo Bacigalupi's writings; he has important ideas worth reading.
B005P89F1C|5.0|I have listened to this Christmans CD many times.  I enjoy every track, too bad it's not Christmas all year long; I will drag my feet about putting it on the shelf once the season is over.
B001ESCEQ0|5.0|when i was purchasing this , I couldnt tell if it was a dvd or vHS  but it turned out to be VHS had to go over a friends house to watch it, but it was worth it.
B002NPY7E0|5.0|[[ASIN:B0001US62I Angel Heart (Special Edition)]]  First and foremost this is a GREAT movie. I first saw this movie when it came out in 1987. The two main things I remembered at the time, the ending was a something I nevered would have guessed  and Lisa Bonet's (Denise Huxtable of The Cosby Show) scenes were hot (yeah I was a thirsty teenager at the time). If I remember correctly, the scenes were so \\"controversial\\" ie sexual it got her (Lisa Bonet)kicked off of The Cosby Show for a while. Fast foward 24 years, Lisa Bonet's scenes are still hot with the exception that Mickey Rourke (the love interest)now looks like a pervert because of the age difference between the two (among other things)and the plot, acting, directing etc is even better because once you see the ending all the little things going on throughout the film make even more sense. This movie definitely stands the test of time.  I love and collect movies and this movie is one of my favorites.
B006C45MRE|1.0|This was a giant waist of money. Not to mention that I lost 2hr 16mins of my life. It was bad on a level I haven't seen since the first Twilight. This movie was about as entertaining as watching paint dry.At least that's free.
B001E75QH0|4.0|I purchased the 4 movie Indiana Jones DVD set to replace my old VHS copies of the first 3 films and to add Kingdom of the Crystal Skull to my collection. The set doesn't include a lot of bells and whistles, just the basic movies with some edited scenes and such. If you're a fan of the Indiana Jones movies and you don't require a special edition version then this set is for you. Free shipping was also a plus and the main reason that I purchased this through Amazon.
B000G73UEU|1.0|Buyer beware!<br /><br />By no fault of Leonard Cohen and all the guest artist, I would give this CD a ZERO star rating, but we all know the lowest rating available is one star.<br /><br />I've never been as disappointed with a \\"soundtrack\\" CD as I am with this one. The songs lack any trace of the energy in the performances on the DVD. We should proceed with a class action law suit to force Verve from labeling this material as a \\"soundtrack,\\" refund our money in addition to damages from the emotional downer it brings about (fat chance). ;-{<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000I2J62I Leonard Cohen I'm Your Man]] Purchase the \\"I'm Your Man\\" DVD and you'll NEVER listen to this CD again. Every time you watch or listen to the DVD the energy of each and every performance is a pure joy to experience and it will leave you energize as well.
B002VX3RCW|5.0|Sir Prance A Lot really holds the attention of my 2-1/2month grandson. The colors do it first and then there are the krinkle noises and the squeak. It is a hit, like other Lamaze toys i've given him.
B006HDLEY0|5.0|Downloaded this to my kindle fire and it played without any problems.  I haven't been following the series this season as much as I used to but this episode was really good.  I learned a lot about Bobby in this episode and the ending has me really wanting to watch the next few episodes more just to find out what happens next.
B0058VW36U|1.0|way too slow for updates...if you have a choice buy the game from the Android market. the updates there can occur automatically and they come much earlier than amazon. its been several weeks and counting.
B004F27I3Q|5.0|A perfect blend of Sabbath like metal that gets better with every listen. Highly recommended if you like mid 70's Sabbath or just metal / hard rock in general.
B0063IH60K|5.0|hard to stop playing. good shuffling. I like the three card dealing. pretty good version, especially for free. I play many hands every day.
B005RJ6AIK|5.0|Hawaiian Slack Key Guitar is one of the world's great acoustic guitar traditions.  This soundtrack features some of the best slack key guitar anywhere - showcasing some of the greats : Gabby Pahinui, Keola Beamer, Ozzie Kotani, Dennis Kamakahi, Sonny Chillingworth and many others.  I am a guitar player and have had the incredible privilege of studying slack key with Keola Beamer and Ozzie Kotani - legendary performers and masterful teachers who work so hard to pass on this beautiful style of playing guitar.  Check out the Aloha Music Camp in Hawaii (alohamusiccamp.com) - where any level of guitar-player can learn how to play slack key.  Enjoy this soundtrack - the music will mesmerize you.
B0042RJWTC|5.0|The best series I've seen in a long time! I loved watching every episode. This complete series is going to be a gift for my dad. It shipped quickly!
B0063GORYU|5.0|It is so addicting, I can't seem to put it down!  I like being able to play in portrait or landscape, and the other options are nice as well!
0694003611|5.0|This is one of my favorite childhood stories that my parents read to me as a little girl and I'm very happy to carry on that tradition with my 2 year old step daughter. The cardboard books are very sturdy and even withstand crayons.
1419702238|5.0|Loved it-- I am looking forward to the next one. Wish I could read a new Wimpy Kid book everyday!
0446573019|5.0|I have read all of Baldacci's books and just gave the entire collection to another reader.  I still bought this book and could not put it down.  I am a coal miner's daughter from NW Pennsylvania so the book made sense to me but he put the zing in it and I sat up half the night to keep on reading.  He is at the very top of my best seller list.  I have loaned it to some friends and they concur that it is a nerve tingling awesome book.  I suspect that he may have another Reacher (Lee Child) candidate on the way.  Will keep praising and reading his books til he writes a flop then will exercise some caution but usually give everyone a second chance.
B0051UP5NQ|4.0|More accurate rendering than other suites, and supports more document formats. Also supports PDF. Overall, a good value. Thank you, devos.
030746363X|3.0|I enjoyed the 4-Hour Work Week and was looking forward to the sequel.  I went into the book giving it a 5 star rating.  I like Tim and hope the book would remain 5 stars.  I could not.  The body transformation stuff was interesting.  The idea behind thermodynamics make a lot of sense. I plan on incorporating or at least trialing some of the recommendations from the book. Both diet and exercise. If the book had stayed focused on this, it would have kept the 5-star rating.  The information on supplements caused the book to lose a star.  Much of the information is simply not thoroughly tested or supported by the scientific community.  I applaud Tim for being the human guinea pig, but feel that its an excessive addition to the body transformation process.  Not to mention that Tim made his first millions by selling supplements. In one example, Tim related the story of certain athletes who are addicted to a supplement regiment and experiencing irreversible adrenal fatigue.  Tim even disclosed his sinus problems that seemed supplement related.  These examples, although in other parts of the book, should be a warning to the excess use of supplements. Forget, that they can be supper expensive and very high-margin business for suppliers. Anyways, at this point, the book was now down to 4 stars.  The book fell to 4 stars on the section for the 15 minute orgasm.  How does this relate to body transformation? It felt like a side project Tim threw into the book.  And while the information may be someone helpful or interesting to some, it felt immature.  Producing an orgasm in your partner goes beyond stroking a specific point for 15 minutes (foreplay, environment, emotional connection, etc.)  This was a much better topic for Tim's blog than the book. Reading about his \\"research\\" dates was unnecessary.  From 4-1/2 to 4 Stars.  If you struggle with sleep issues, the section on better sleep is probably helpful in the sense that it explores successful techniques to sleeping better while avoiding the sleep centers.  However, I could not help but think....no wonder you have sleep problems Tim.  You take a ton of supplements, use lots of caffeine, eat out late regularly, and finish the evening off with a few glasses of your favorite red wine.  Shouldn't eliminating all those exogenous factors have been considered prior to the gadgets, supplements, and diet?  I know red wine affects my sleep.  So do does caffeine too late in the day.  From 4 to 3 Stars.  Finally, as a whole, the book felt like a compilation of Tim's post 4-Hour Work Week interests.  Now that he had the lifestyle to try things, be experimented and put them into a book. Yet it was rather loosely tied together. So it felt like a bunch of his side projects, packed as a sequel.  Most of this stuff is available on Tim's blog, without buying the book.  The body transformation material was a great start and theme of the book, but it digressed from there.  I don't feel that Tim is a snake oil salesman like others claim.  But I do agree that he's a first class marketer. He became successful selling supplements, and that allowed him to led the lifestyle he advocates.  But it much harder to replicate the lifestyle from scratch.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|Excellent keyboard. One of the two best out there, the other being Swype. I have a hard time choosing between the two.
B003EYVXVY|1.0|The one star is not for the movie - the movie is GREAT!  The rating is directed at Panasonics marketing of this product.    I have been trying for some time to get a copy of Avatar in 3D Blu Ray.  This movie has been out for a while and Panasonic has hooked the only way you can get this Blu Ray with the purchase of certain models of TVs and 3D Blu Ray players.  My son bought a Panasonic TV and was told by the sales people (they had signs up in their windows too) that once he mailed in some \\"coupon\\" he would received Avatar 3D Blu Ray.  That all turned out to be BS since he didn't buy the right model TV.  His intension was to give me the Blu Ray for Christmas.  I bought my 3D TV a couple years ago and even though it was not a Panasonic TV I did finally buy a Panasonic 3D Blu Ray player and even though I spent over $300.00 for it apparently it was not the right model.  This is a great movie and I would really like to have it in my library but this is Panasonic milking this movie for all it's worth.  I have been told that I could buy the Panasonic bundle (2 pair of glasses and Avatar 3D) which I tried to do last night but it is no longer available.  If you can find this bundle package it cost close to $400.00.  Now I'm hearing that the Blu Ray will be out in Feb 2012.  I will buy this movie if it ever is released (at a reasonable price)without all the extra stuff but I will never buy ANY another Panasonic product again.  I have a feeling that there are many people out there that feel the same way.  Great PR there Panasonic!
0553801473|3.0|Really? After the super long wait and all the hype, we get 1000+ pages of watching GRRM getting lost in his own world simply because he CAN at this point? A similar thing happened with Wheel of Time! Except with WOT, it got better again and the end is in sight! This, albeit not as terrible as book 10 of WOT, was really annoying. Sooo many hard to follow weird Yunkai'i and sellsword names in Meereen, strangely placed character anecdotes that have seemingly nothing to do with anything, and to top it all off, it's DRIPPING with grotesque descriptions and unfortunate happenings of random people and animals. I mean, when there was a compelling story (I refer here to \\"Storm of Swords\\", being my favorite of the series), the grotesque details really gave the story a cold, truly wintery feel. When there's no story backing it up, it's just gross for the sake of being gross. I was so excited to begin this...but then 300 pages passed...then 500...then 600, and still nothing of merit was happening. I at least expected SOME action at the end...? Yea, no. In around the same amount of pages in \\"Storm\\", how many cities could Daenerys sack? How many battles could Robb lead? This was such a disappointment. GRRM is a skilled writer, hands down. But when you lose touch with a balance between artistic integrity and taking a story too far, then skills fall short. Unfortunately, this only can happen when a series becomes as popular as Song of Ice and Fire has become. So moral of the story? If you want to keep your lit series' thriving, don't...popularize or purchase them? Nah, that doesn't make sense...right? Well, neither did the point of this book, nor GRRM's reasoning, so I'll follow suit and leave it as such.
B005FVA3LK|5.0|It's amazing!!   All in all, 100% satisfied. U2 always make sure their merchandise is good quality, and worth the money, and this certainly doesn't disappoint.   Definitely recommended....and like Bono says: It is even better than the real thing ;-))
B001GZ6QDS|5.0|Really an amazing piece of work. Between Nolans simple style and Bale's moody Batman, this film, Thereal stand out, of course, is Heath Ledger's inspired Joker.
0307887960|4.0|Like the book, also am not hungry.  Have lost 15 lbs in 6 weeks.  I am hoping my success continues.  With this diet I don't feel hungry.  I also ordered the Oat Bran which is mentioned in the book.  It does keep me from getting hungry as stated.
0802130208|5.0|Easily among the best southern novels ever written. Both a scathing condemnation of modern living and a poke at the naysayers who want to live in the past. Toole hits just the right tone with the hilarious and evocative novel.
B002BSHXJA|5.0|Very happy with the timely delevery,package great would definetly purchase from this vender again, I highly recommend doing business them
B0041KKYGU|3.0|Bad Teacher starring Cameron Diaz is a comedy that has some good moments but mostly bad moments. Diaz gives a solid performance as Elizabeth, a horrible English teacher who is vulgar and downright mean. I don't like how her character wants to get breast implants because she think it will increase her odds of scoring a rich husband. Justin Timberlake is just horrible in this, and it's really strange that he used to date Diaz and they have virtually no chemisty onscreen. Jason Segel also falls flat, the only other actor I thought was funny was Lucy Punch. I like Cameron Diaz but she deserves better material. It's a mixed bag for me.
B006AN78XS|5.0|I'm not going to make this terribly long I just feel so strongly about the beauty of this movie that I just want to let anyone second guessing themselves about spending time on it, that it is a masterpiece.
B0025UHKNS|1.0|So, I have had this watch for three days and used it once on a 5k run.  All seemed well until my workout this afternoon...Normally you need to press both side buttons to lock the bezel but now it locks when only using one.  If you are familiar with this watch then you know that this problem makes using the menus impossible.  So, what I have now is the equivalent of a $10 digital watch...Sending it back for a refund versus a replacement since this watch gets pretty bad reviews all over the internet.  They suckered me in with the $150 price tag...I do not recommend this sport watch.
B005OCFHHK|5.0|This is a Christmas present and has not been opened.  I am sure it will be great since everything I have ordered from Amazon always is of the highest quality.
B00364K6YW|5.0|This version of Pride and Prejudice is absolutely the best one around.  The remake pales in comparison.  This is a much better way to view it that VHS.  I actually suffered through the box set of tapes for years.  I love the DVD.  Wonderful.  If you like Jane Austen this is ther version to buy.
1419702238|5.0|This is a great book, wanted immediately by all of my grandchildren.  They opened it and began reading at once, laughing and sharing their insights!
B0015DROBO|3.0|When is a trilogy not a trilogy? When the publishers dupe both Amazon and its customers with misleading titles. I thought that, the admittedly low, price of $9.99 was a cyber-week special. As it turns out, it is only Book One of the Millennium Trilogy. That should be CLEARLY AND UNAMBIGUOUSLY put in the title! Watch, I'll show you how easy it is:<br /><br />The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (Book One: Millennium Trilogy)<br /><br />See? Not hard at all. I don't blame Amazon. But, they should insist that the publisher correct the title, (as well as the other two books in the Millennium set), to avoid future confusion.<br /><br />As for the book itself: 3 stars. It starts slow and drags on a bit. I liken the reading experience to an insanely tall roller coaster that takes a long time to reach its apex above the clouds. When at the peak, you have a sense of what is coming. But, it's still obscured by the clouds below -- (Very tall roller coaster!) Like a roller coaster, there aren't any real surprises. But, it's all about the ride itself and when it finally takes off -- Wham!<br /><br />All in all, I enjoyed reading it. But for the unpleasant experience regarding the misleading title, I would have given it an extra half star.
B004EPZ06Q|1.0|The movie is great. For me even if it resembles the first one, that is a wonderful thing. The product though is not one that I will ever buy. First, it is not accurately advertised. You do not get a \\"Digital Copy\\". A digital copy means that you own a copy of the film in digital format by legal means and you can load it onto your devices and watch it legally regardless of whether or not if you have an internet connection when you watch. What is advertised as a \\"digital copy\\" here (aka Ultraviolet) is simply a login access to a website where you stream the movie from. So if you are on an airplane, no movie. If you are not in a WiFi connected environment, no movie. If your connection slows, no movie. If you are paying per MB for internet access or have a fixed data plan, you will have the movie but will either pay as much as buying it from iTunes if you exceed your limits. This is a wonderful example of how a technology that has proved wonderful (i.e. true digital copy) can be turned into a disaster (i.e. ultraviolet), all in the name of corporate greed from Warner Brothers. I for one, will never purchase a Bluray with Ultraviolet. Would rather pay more for an actual digital copy.
B005K17RU0|5.0|app works great on the kindle fire. stores multiple locations while I travel from one place to the next for my busy job.
B002R4K6AG|3.0|Bob Dylan + Christmas Carols = ???<br /><br />Seems a bit like driving by a car wreck... you don't want to look, but somehow you have to.<br /><br />Take a listen, and try not to be frightened by what hear.  As for me, I much prefer Perry Como's style.
B005974C94|1.0|I love Wynton and Eric.They are great musicians. The CD does not sound like the work of great musicians. I have all of wyntons recordings;this is the only one I regret buying.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Easy to play. Fun. Using the random deal I've won several games so far.  Good challenge, not just an easy win.
B004SD5GZ4|2.0|This app does give you the ability to view. Pdt files. It doesn't do it well. Documents are free floating, movable in all directions making the document difficult to navigate and read. I purchased QuickDocs Pro, primarily for the word processor and spreadsheet. I noticed it had a .Pdt reader, opened a document with it on a whem, now I'm uninstalling Adobe Reader. I can not recommend this app.
0062060554|4.0|I did not know much about this novel, but was immediately hooked within 10 pages. I had a hard time putting it down at night.
B005K17RU0|5.0|This is a great weather app with lots of features it works great on my kindle fire.Have had no problems so far.
B005ETA5K2|5.0|I bought this for my mother, who lives in a retirement community with shared wireless internet. She has a G4 iMac and the internal antenna just wasn't strong enough to keep a consistent signal. It barely could find it, actually.<br />After reading a lot of reviews, I went with this model, since it's one of the newer ones made by Alfa, but was stated to be backward compatible with OS X 10.4. The only problem I had was that the install disk that came with it didn't have the 10.4 driver on it. I had to use another computer, download the driver to a flash drive before I could download it onto her computer and finally install it. It was a little inconvenient, but certainly not a deal breaker. Apart from that, installation was easy and it now works beautifully and as described. One thing I WOULD like to see is either a way to monitor signal strength on the OSs menu bar or at least in a minimized window. When I select the Minimize option from the Antenna's driver software, the window just disappears completely.<br />At least now my mom can get in the internet with 98% signal strength, whereas before it was maybe 1%.<br />I would definitely say this was a worthwhile purchase.
B004X80QNG|3.0|$10 and it doesn't even have a calender widget? Lame...I really like the interface but without a widget it seems fairly redundant.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|It is a great game but I can only get a round or two before it crashes on my galaxy a 2 from sprint.
B004XCUEU2|5.0|This documentary really takes you to the very beginnings of how it all happened to the making of the latest album, Wasting Light. Great footage and candid interviews with past and present members. I would recommend this to old and new fans and to people that have never listened to Foo Fighters. These guys are such talented musicians....and the show in Charlotte, NC on<br />November 8, 2011 blew everyone away!!!!
B00364K6YW|5.0|I have watched this version about 6 times now. Collin Firth and Jennifer Ehle do such a great job and all the supporting actors as well (especially her mother is hysterical!). The settings are perfect, the music is beautiful and you really feel like you are back in Jane Austen's classic novel.
B0058VW36U|1.0|Sorry, but this seems like both companies at fault here.  If Zepto lab really wanted to keep their customers happy they would push Amazon harder.  No more buys here, that's for sure.
0385333846|4.0|This book has it all, love, war, and of course, aliens. These are the three essential pieces to any great novel. Throughout this book, the main character, Billy, takes the reader through his own life in a series of un-sequenced events. He relives his life, and the reader gets to be a part of it. This is a quick, but complex read and I would recommend it to anyone interested in quirky books, unique styles of writing, or aliens. Vonnegut will be sure to keep you chuckling with his satirical sense of humor.
B0052GACNM|3.0|The cd seems to lack the degree of professional quality, meaning songs and arrangements, that I expected. Aretha Franklin sounds like a screeching alley cat.
B001UV4XIS|4.0|Love Harry Potter movies and  this one was fantastic. Although with the screenwriting took many liberties with the original story, I still enjoyed this movie. As anyone who has read the series will tell you, there is a big difference between what happened in the book and the movie and this goes for just about all of them. I didn't even read the series til after seeing all of the movies. Needless to say, I don't think I was alone in being shocked at many of the \\"revelations\\" in the original stories as compared to the movies and I won't mention them here. I never thought of Harry Potter as just a \\"children's \\" story after seeing the first movie but I was too lazy to sit down with the book. Glad I did, they are much better but having said that, these movies are a work of art in themselves and I'll be watching them again. I'm going to wait for the really good DVD set with real extras though. If this one had more I'd have given this a higher rating on the review. I was disappointed there weren't enough extras on this one. With all the bad reviews on the Ultraviolet Digital, didn't try it yet. Still a great movie.
B000069AUI|5.0|This is my favorite Coldplay album to date. This album includes many of their well-known songs and brings nostalgic memories whenever I hear this music. You cannot be a Coldplay fan without first falling in love with this album. You will not be disappointed with this cd.
B000H6SXMY|1.0|I received this box set as a birthday present from my boyfriend. When I first opened the packaging, there was a strip of adhesive stuck to the front of the box. I continued the inspection and realized that there were tears in the corners of the box. I was disappointed, but I didn't want to go through the hassle of returning the product. However, I came across a defective DVD in the second season. We quickly returned it and never looked back. If you're going to make the purchase, please consider that one (or more) DVD(s) could be defective.
0316776963|5.0|This book is one of my favorites of all time! David Sedaris will not disappoint any readers. It is entertaining on so many levels. His clever storytelling and witty commentary will have you laughing out loud as you read! All of his books are hilarious and clever, but this one tops the list. I recommend this book to everyone with an appreciation for good humor.
B000002J09|5.0|\\"!V\\"  #2 (1971).  Led Zeppelin's, \\"IV\\", or (Sticks) album is a classic, my 2nd favorite album by the band (MHO).  Page plays killer guitar on this album, Robert Plant is in great voice and the rhythm section of Jones and Bonham is tops.  On this collection we get the riff rocker \\"Black Dog\\", #15, one of Zeppelin's best rockers.  the hit \\"Rock And Roll\\", #47, has a 50's feel to this head strong tune.  The folk of \\"Battle Of Evermore\\", with Fairport Convention vocalist the late Sandy Denny sharing vocals with Robert, just a tremendous song.  The polarizing \\"Stairway To Heaven\\", nowadays you either love it or hate it, but it is still classic work.  The flower power of \\"Misty Mountain Hop\\", tripy hard rocker, \\"Four Sticks\\", lumbering rocker, very mystical, the pretty acoustic piece \\"Going To California\\", still one of my favorites.  And the album closes with the blues rocker, \\"When The Levee Breaks\\", Plant sounds good on the harmonica.  Led Zeppelin took off a year and half from recording before releasing \\"Houses Of The Holy\\".
0316098329|4.0|The novel was written from a five year olds perspective which made it difficult at times to read fluently.  There were a few questions I had after reading it, such as why does the boy spell difficult words yet speak with words in the wrong order?  What happened after the mother and boy eased back into the 'real world'? Was the mother able to cope with reality? Did the boy integrate back into the world?  The book held suspense and focused on some of the minute yet mundane facets of our daily routines.  I will pass the book on to others to enjoy.
B000WS4OZM|5.0|1  I Won't Back Down    2  Solitary Man    3  That Lucky Old Sun (Just Rolls Around Heaven All Day)  4  One  5  Nobody    6  I See a Darkness  7  The Mercy Seat    8  Would You Lay With Me (In a Field of Stone)  9  Field Of Diamonds  10  Before My Time  11  Country Trash  12  Mary of the Wild Moor  13  I'm Leavin' Now    14  Wayfaring Stranger
B0063IH60K|5.0|Love this solitaire game. It's great the way it gives you hints And will even show you how to win.
B004X80QNG|5.0|I'm glad I tryed this application. Also I'm glad that I didn't allow other people reviews to prevent me from trying this wonderful application. also this app will sync with Google calendar.
0307272702|5.0|Should be required reading for all over weight people especially those with type II diabetes.  Relief in knowing society is dictating the very reason you are over weight and to know you can control the problem without starving just a great program and some denial until you break the habits formed from a lifetime of abusive self destruction.
067101756X|4.0|I first became interested in this book when I saw the author on a tv talk show many, many years ago and finally had the chance to buy his book.   The book makes a very interesting read. Basically Philip J. Corso was in the military, back in the day when a dedicated and enthusiastic enlisted individual could make a great difference and eventually find himself climbing the ranks of the military brass of very high and privileged levels. Because of such authority and rank Philip J. Corso he found himself confronted with information he never was looking for - or even wanted to know anything about. Yet he was giving the responsibility to act on this information and bring forth many of technological advancements which had been collected, hidden for years, and than physically placed in front of him so the military could use such technology in warfare and defense.  The book is kind of broken in 2 parts. The first part of the book explains about the author's background, getting involved with the military over his many years, his accomplishments and how he moved in rank and lead him to the position which would eventually get him involved with the Roswell incident many years earlier. The second part of the book goes into great detail about how he was responsible in bringing technology that was found from the Roswell crash to the public.  Overall the book was a very good read and is peppered full of interesting bits of information about how aspects of the government acts and responds behind closed doors which most of the general public would never catch on too through Philip J. Corso journey relating to the Roswell event. The second part of the book got a bit boring as the author attempts to fill you with all this information which he was involved with trying to get this technology out. The information just felt over-loaded and at times, almost ridiculous from his rambling which began to hurt the credibility the author established during the first part of the book.   In the endI felt the first part of the book and other ares in the second part of the book was enough for me to enjoy everything the author set out to do with this book for the reader.
B000X107GI|5.0|These batteries last as long or longer than the ones purchased locally. They cost about 1/5th as much. Name brand, cheap what else is there to say about this product. They also arrived in record time. Since I live on a ranch an hours drive from the nearest town it is quicker to order on line than wait until I need to go to town.
B005K17RU0|4.0|It serves it's purpose &amp; works well with the kindle fire. The app was free &amp; is user friendly. Give it try.
B0014NZNAO|5.0|The very first time I saw SILVERADO I knew it was great.  Some of my most favorite actors are in this film.  Men who can make you feel you're a part of the movie.  Men like Brian Dennehe, Kevin Cline, Scott Glen, Jeff Goldbloom, Danny Glover, Kevin Costner, and others of their caliber.  What an awesome film.  I've always enjoyed a quick draw character with a brain, and a master slueth smarter than the corrupt sherif, and a good plot to go with it all.  Of course the ever voluptuous Rosanna Arquette is the girl most every one is ever after, almost in any movie.  This film has it all.  THE QUICK AND THE DEAD.  What can I say, it's all about the quick draw with more of my favorit actors. Russell Crowe, Leonardo Dicaprio, and Gene Hackman who by the way, plays an excellant bad guy in most of his movies, I do believe.  Then the gorgeous Sharon Stone is a must for this movie, probably before Hollywood even came up with the idea of The Quick and the Dead.  I puchased both of these dvd's at Amazon.com
1451648537|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo33M0V29GYKG3]]First off, this is not a review of the book in terms of what it is about. (We all know WHO it is about) This is a review about 1) the book's content 2) The writing and 3) The perspective the author wrote the book since this is a biography. I will also like to note that I have never read any of Walter Isaacson's previous books.<br /><br />*And also on PAGE 563, 10 sentence from the top, the text reads \\"use if its features.\\" I think the author meant \\"use of its features.\\" and if I am correct, I hope the reprints will have this little error changed. Just my suggestion.<br /><br />THE BOOK: This book is numbered till 630 pages but in actual fact, contains 656 pages. The size and content should have you clicking the \\"ADD THIS TO CART\\" button straight away. The material is excellent. It covers all the details of the genius' life and gives you lots of perspective; 1)how everyone around him sees him, 2) how Steve jobs sees himself and 3) how the author sees him. You also get the full deal on Steve Jobs' thought process. There will be occasions where the timeline goes back and forth on a certain event or topic but the writing by the author makes the reading smooth and easy to follow for the audience. The author also re-emphasizes things to get you on track of what happened during which year but I wished he would have cut them down by 5%. Each chapter gets you hooked and wanting to read more. Even when I got to the end of the book, (mind you, 600++ pages) I still wanted more. This is not just a book about the life of a genius, it is a book that contains many other perspective of corporate decisions, risk taking and how people inspire each other through challenges. This is a gem. Highly recommended.<br /><br />With that being said, this however, would be a THREE STAR book for a geek and hardcore apple fan.<br /><br />For the Technology Geeks, the author isn't able to go deeper talking about Steve Jobs' creation and focus more on his approach towards things. Mostly what you will hear is \\"simplicity\\" and integration from software to hardware. These are the things that tech geeks already know. There is also repeated stress on Steve Jobs being emotional when he got cancer. This is cancer we're talking about, is Steve Jobs suppose to be calm? But then again, most of the netizen or readers ain't geeks so this probably is targeted to the general audience. The thing is, you can't please everyone.mplicity\\" and integration from software to hardware. These are the things that tech geeks already know. There is also repeated stress on Steve Jobs being emotional when he got cancer. This is cancer we're talking about, is Steve Jobs suppose to be calm? But then again, most of the netizen or readers ain't geeks so this probably is targeted to the general audience. The thing is, you can't please everyone.
B000WQWPKA|3.0|I have the the dvd release and it has way better cover prints, the blu ray cover prints are so bad its like it printed off a blur image using ink jet printers, and the blu ray does not contains the deleted scenes included in the dvd release, really disappointed .....i'm giving away my copy to my nephew....
0061537969|2.0|#1.A 12 year old should NOT have read this book.  #2 This book drained me, too many emotional upheavals.  #3.Forced myself to read it because a book club member picked it.  #4.Too easy to predict the end.  #5.I have a dog who is 12 years old and I love her, but seriously she's a DOG.
1594202710|5.0|Henry Kissinger is an excellent writer but nothing compares to his research. In this book one can find in sights into people and issues that you could never find any where else.
B006G2124E|4.0|There are many many fine things to say about the film THE HELP, not the least of which is the cast of women gathered by screen writer/director Tate Taylor for this cinematic version of the book by Kathryn Stockett. The setting of the story in the 1960s is well recreated and it is truly tough to see how the folks in Jackson, Mississippi treated African Americans knowing that the group of bigoted WASPs were mirrored across the country.  To be reminded of just how atrocious racial relations were in the time of JFK, Martin Luther King, JR et al makes of tough watching.  This story, THE HELP, has be told and retold so many times that it lacks freshness and when the story is pulled like hot taffy for over 2 1/2 hours it wears thin.<br /><br />Viola Davis is magnificent as Mother Earth Aibileen but for this viewer her performance is almost matched by Octavia Spencer as her best friend Minny: both are excellent. And it takes a lot of chutzpah for the actresses playing the disgusting wives and members of the Junior League and Bridge Club who treat the help in such a demeaning way - so kudos to the 'worst' of them, Bryce Dallas Howard, Ahna O'Reilly, the smarmy Allison Janney, et al.  There is a fine cameo for Cicely Tyson, and major star turn for Jessica Chastain as the only white woman (other than the author Skeeter as played by Emma Stone) for whom we care.<br /><br />It is a story about making a story (book) that changes the life of a small Southern town in the midst of Social Revolution.  The acting has been cited and makes the film worth seeing, but as for whether or not it deserves to be considered for Best Picture....probably not. It is a VERY long song!  Grady Harp, December 11
0061969656|4.0|I've never read anything from this author before, but I've really enjoyed the book.  It's gritty and a perfect book to snuggle up with in front of a blazing fire for a Saturday read.  The characters are realistic and engaging.  The plot moves along at a good pace.  The only real complaint that I have is that it's written in first person and I really much prefere third-person POV.  That is my only complaint about the book...for now.  Let me learn a little more about that period in history and maybe things will change.
B004X80QNG|4.0|this seems to be a nice calendar app. Visually pleasing and nice easy access. the reason I didn't give it a 5 is because I uninstalled it even though business calendar is it as visually pleasing i am use to it and need the widget
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|'Just got this for my Kindle Fire. I wanted something with a hard shell on back, soft, protective cover for the screen, a stand in the back and some sort of handle in the back. This cover fit the bill and it's attractive as well. I'm very pleased, it protects my Fire when I toss it (gently of course) into my purse. Recommend it highly,
B003ZSH606|5.0|This is one of Jamiroquai's best albums. The album wasn't really promoted well here in the States, but it is absolutely excellent. If you like Jamiroquai, you must add this one to your collection.
1451627289|5.0|I read this book rather quickly. I couldn't stop reading. Then I gave myself a couple of weeks to digest it before logging in here. This is in the top 3 or 4 of all SK books for me. You don't have to agree, this is just my opinion.  I stopped trying to expect things of SK a long time ago. His books are rarely about the main plot-lines, or the main events in the story. They are about characters. People. Flawed, good, bad, ugly, beautiful people. Just like in real life. IT wasn't so much about the monster as it was about a band of friends. Hearts In Atlantis wasn't so much about breakers and Viet Nam as it was about friends, connections, fear, heartbreak, and stories lived out. Many SK books have startling or disturbing plot lines, evil characters, and loveable (or frustrating) good-guys...but ALL of them have STORIES.  And stories within stories. It's about JFK and 11/22/63. It's about Jodie, TX, and a small town teacher. It's about a shy girl with a horrible past. It's about having an impact on the lives around you, and understanding that everyone is flawed, and everything happens for a reason.  SK paints pictures of life in the 50's and 60's as well as ever, and you even meet a familiar face or two. Derry is still Derry, and the Dallas/Ft. Worth of the 60's is gritty and real. It's a novel about people. Sure, there are some \\"Kingish\\" elements to be had, but it's not really about those things, as most of his stories are not.  In the end, I loved the characters I'd gotten to know. I didn't have any expectations of a world where JFK lives, so the resolution of that thread didn't really matter to me. I thought it was well executed, and underlines the point that it's not really about that. That part of \\"our story\\" is just another part...interlaced with our lives and history.  Interesting treatment of time travel, handled with grace. Not too much worry over unexplainable time travel \\"stuff\\". Again, it's not really about that. That is just a mechanism used to tell a storyabout people.  I was completely invested in the story, in the characters, in the lives that were illustrated here. That's all I can ask of a book. Well done. SK's prose is better and better with every novel, and I'll look forward to what's next. Thanks, Stephen.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Did not care much for Adele when she started becoming the \\"it\\" girl in 2011 and then she released the single \\"Someone Like You\\" and I became an instant fan. I bought this CD along with her first Album \\"19\\" not knowing what I would expect and she does not disappoint; the music is well put together but the main instrument (Adele herself) simply blows you away from start to finish. I can see myself listening to this CD for years to come and not getting bored. I will review her first album 19 on a separate post along with her concert DVD \\"live at the Royal Albert Hall\\"; both of which are also a 'must have' for any Adele fan or any other music lover who is tired of the \\"junk\\" that is currently out there disguised as music.
B002SSUQFG|5.0|I received my watch today and immediately changed the band (just a personal preference). The watch is too well done to be stuck on a cheap looking band like the nylon one that came with it (canvas would've looked better I think). It's very nicely crafted and is a good size for a men's watch, slightly bigger than the ones from the 60's or 70's but not as big as the &#34;dive watch&#34; look of the 90's to present. I like the lack of &#34;flash&#34; and the simple functionality that this watch offers. It looks good and functions as promsied. I would gladly recommend this to a friend based on the limited experience I have with it so far.
043902353X|4.0|So when you are in the middle of a really addicting series like the Hunger Games; the last thing you want to happen is a book order that takes three weeks in getting to you.
B004LWZW2E|4.0|This is a good movie! I don't scary easily (except maybe at income tax time), but I thought that \\"Insidious\\" was done well and it held my attention from start to finish.
B0063IH60K|4.0|This is a fairly decent app. It stays entertaining for a while. I would recommend it to fans of solitaire.
B002VPE1AW|1.0|Typical liberal propaganda by a hack director. The plot is nothing but overused left-leaning Hollywood cliches, the graphics are not as fantastic as some people make them out to be, the acting is so-so, and the best part of the movie is the credits at the end.
B005K17RU0|2.0|Downloaded but never installed. Can anyone day why requests so many permissions? Make phone calls and send email to my contacts? Seems unnecessary.
B0050DZN4K|4.0|I'm using this on the Fire and connecting it to my Google Reader account and it is by far the best feed reader I've found yet. The interface is simple, navigating through and sharing articles on twitter or facebook is easy, and everything is perfectly optimized for my screen. I really appreciate the different views for reading through feeds - either by blog or by latest news. The only it's missing is the ability to read Twitter as well, which is the only reason I'm giving four stars and not five. Anyone looking for a Flipboard replacement for the Fire; this is as close as you'll get.
B005K17RU0|5.0|this app looks great on the new Kindle Fire. large graphics, easy to read and understand. multiple cities is very nice.
B005ELZKWS|5.0|Chickenfoot III is wonderful and the 3D glasses added in the fun.  I purchased this CD as a gift and it was well received and very much enjoyed.
B000059TEQ|5.0|\\"Love means never having to say you're sorry.\\" That's a total lie, but it's a great movie nonetheless. Overlook the 70's hokeyness, if you can.
B004SJ3BCI|1.0|i was told that this game was really fun and got it for my daughter and i but now when playing we realise that it was just a plain old boring game ( but the price is right!!)
B003CN4R74|1.0|I'm not going to lie, I WAS a huge EvFan up until this album. But after years of waiting I found myself horrified at what I spend hard earned money on.   If anything all tracks sounds the same and blend into one another having me thinking it was one giant track. All the lyrics being just plain whiny and down right boring. As if all the crappy electro music coming out right now wasn't bad enough, Evanescence had to jump on the train too. I could barely hear Amy's voice in most of the tracks because it was hidden under synthesizing and other voice effects, as well as blandly written cords and drums. The whole thing sounds like a horrible nightmare from the 80's.  All in all, don't waste the money. Sadly this album is probably the new direction Ev is going now that Amy is the only lasting member in the original line, and it seems to be her way or the highway.
B005ZTFPFQ|3.0|Would probably work well on a kindle fire, but the controls are too small to get a good score on a 4 inch phone screen.  I used to get over 100,000 pts playing Missile Command in the arcade, but could only muster up about 20,000 using these tight controls on my Samsung Epic 4G.  Otherwise, plays just like the original.  Correct sounds, correct color sequence and everything.
B00008BXJ6|5.0|I remember my first listen to High Voltage in 1976 it had just hit the import stores and I caught a listen and was hooked. This was raw and gritty rock n roll with guitars like we hadnt heard before. It seems like every song builds up like a pressure cooker with those riffs. This was a band who was out for the fun of it, playing rock as hard as they could with a front man in Bon Scott who spewed freedom and loved to play to the audience. This was the baby that started it all, and whos music also infectuously influenced many a band then and now. I loved the Bon Scott era ACDC. My hats off to Brian Johnson for steppin into those shoes.   There was alot going on in the music world in 1976 but nothing like this. ACDC was about to set the bar for every band in the world to follow suit. Im always ready to rock to ACDC and High Voltage takes me back to being 20 again and finding a new way to rock and roll.
034552554X|5.0|Recieved the book in a timely fashion and in good shape.  It was recommended by a friend who had not read it herself yet.  I enjoyed it alot and finished reading it in a couple of days.  Enjoyed the information about the comminication through the use of flowers.
B004P8JPS6|5.0|Jack is sent to a rural Mississippi town to help solve the murder of a woman who might possibly have been killed by a soldier at the nearby army base. He meets the attractive sheriff and together they try to solve the murder and others that Reacher finds had occurred before the woman's.    I found this a fast paced and enjoyable read, one that kept me reading long after a prudent bed time.  It kept my interest from the beginning right through to the believable end. Recommended.
B0061S073A|4.0|this is an excellent app saved me from oneclick buying of amazon by kids. now I can happily hand over my kindle to my kids for their favourite apps playing.
0061969656|5.0|Cornwell meanders a bit in this one, but it's still a pleasureable installment in the saga of Alfred the Great. Or, I should say, the times of Alfred the Great. I'm not giving anything away to say that Alfred dies in this one. He's on his deathbed from the start of the book,and the royal genealogy diagram shows his death date.  The series will continue, for as Cornwell concludes his afterword, using the formula begun with Sharpe, \\"Uhtred will fight again.\\" Thank Thor for that.<br /><br />Alfred's demise brings enemies foreign and domestic out of the woodwork. He has not yet unified England, holding only Wessex and southern Mercia. The Danes in the North think now they can finish the last Saxon king on Great Britain. Eohrig, the Danish but Christian king of East Anglia, has murky loyalties and sees a chance to expand his realm. Mercia, once independent, grows restless, with many seeking their own king once more. So, too, does Cent in the south. Within Wessex, Alfred's son and heir Edward is challenged by his cousin  Aethelwold, who has long coveted Alfred's throne. Alfred needs for Edward the support of Aethelred, Alfred's Mercian son-in-law - and whose wife Aethelfaed, as everyone knows, is Uhtred's lover. For the sake of the realm, Alfred needs to keep his daughter's husband and her lover on the side of Wessex after his own death.<br /><br />Plunged into all this, of course, is Uhtred, Alfred's best warlord, a pagan kept at a distance by Alfred's Christian clerics and wife. Alfred knows that ensuring Uhtred's support is Edward's best hope. Enemies know Uhtred's value as well: he's a marked man even before  Alfred dies, with two plots, one quite elaborate, made on his life.<br /><br />The plot lags a bit as Uhtred wanders around Great Britain, spying on enemies, pondering fate and why Alfred hasn't rewarded him better, wondering if he'll ever take back his northern ancestral lands, and facing down every young pup who'd like to make his name by killing Uhtred. He wonders when the throne will start taking his military advice, rather than relying on the priests' nave strategy of forsaking war and winning Viking hearts and minds with Christianity.<br /><br />An enjoyable subplot is a strange prophecy coming from a Northern witch, making Uhtred's life more difficult until he figures out how to counter it.<br /><br />The final battle scene is good if somewhat predictable, but there's only minor action before that - a raid in the north, a few fights. Cornwell battle aficionados will note he doesn't actually have a character say \\"Kill the bastards\\" in this one, but does use the expression in the narrative.rt taking his military advice, rather than relying on the priests' nave strategy of forsaking war and winning Viking hearts and minds with Christianity.  An enjoyable subplot is a strange prophecy coming from a Northern witch, making Uhtred's life more difficult until he figures out how to counter it.   The final battle scene is good if somewhat predictable, but there's only minor action before that - a raid in the north, a few fights. Cornwell battle aficionados will note he doesn't actually have a character say \\"Kill the bastards\\" in this one, but does use the expression in the narrative.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|I like it for recording stuff at work so I don't forget what I did and where I was! good for notes
B004EPYZQC|5.0|FAST FIVE is a great action film with less than an \\"R\\" rating.  The ending and the extra clip contained within the credits at the end hint at a sixth F&F.  To see how they work both the timeline to explain Han's \\"death\\" in Tokyo Drift and the storyline to explain Letty's \\"death\\" in #4 would be interesting.  That they do all of this with a high level of action and intensity, but keep the elements contained to less than an \\"R\\" rating is nothing short of phenomenal.
B000KE1P7S|5.0|I agree, this is one of the best renditions of the book plus it has Timothy Dalton, so one can not go wrong! I love Jane Eyre and had seen what I thought was every version, then stumbled upon this title.  Much to my surprise was that it was free streaming for Prime Members, which I am. So I didn't have much to lose if I found it to be a stinker.  Oh my, was I bowled over!  This is a charming film, filled with accurate details from the book and the acting is superb!  Timothy Dalton does not get as much recognition as I think he deserves.  I have rarely seen him do a bad job in anything, even the Bond movie that he cringes at the mention when in interviews.  He did a jolly good job of that, with what he had to work with.  I have now seen this film 3 times and have adored it every time, as well as shed a tear.  Even though I know it will all turn out well, the acting is just superb and truly worth your time.
B005UD67IQ|5.0|I was amazed to see a 3-star average for this excellent film here, but then saw it was all about Am selling the wrong region disc. Well fear thee not, as this is the right, English-language version, and it is excellent.<br /><br />I knew next to nothing about Senna going in, and am glad I didn't. This is such a crisp introduction to and summation of his life. The best bits again and again are his interviews. This man had found true inner peace at 200 miles an hour. His emphasis on karting as a more pure sport than F1 is revealing; just wait until Bernie Ecclestone gets his mitts on it!<br /><br />The film builds beautifully and is always entertaining. Senna's life played out like a Hollywood script in reality, so it was tailor-made for a doc like this. He was a strong character and the best at what he did, and he's done justice by this movie. The extras are decent, especially the home movies, and are bound to please any serious Senna devotee, but for me the movie was the true revelation, as it uses the documentary form to truly dramatic impact.<br /><br />Highly recommended...especially this version!<br />(Just make sure your dvd player can handle PAL. Many of them do, take a look online at your model to be sure.<br />And there's a new BD version coming out on 12/20/11, so perhaps that's the way to go: wait a bit and let's see what folks say about it.)
B0063IH60K|4.0|Overall a good version of solitaire, you can customize the deck like the Pc version, and a bonus of always getting a winning deal if you choose.
0446585025|5.0|ellen degeneres is the best. the funniest. I almost peed my pants. No one beats ellen. this book is funny funny funny. couldn't put it down. almost slept with it.
B004DLPXAO|1.0|In short, after updated. I unistalled instanly. The size is too big. If you have not been updated, please don't. Otherwise, you would regret. Right now, I want to know how can I restore to previous version.
B004YCKK6Y|5.0|Funny Movie and the Product was and is just as Stated in the Product Info :)) FUn FUN FUNFU FUNFUNF FUNF FNUFN FNUFN FNUF FNUN FUNF FUN FUNF UFN F
0061969656|5.0|Book 6, 'Death of Kings', continues the story of Lord Uhtred, Saxon born, Dane raised, sworn man of King Alfred the Great. In this installment, Uhtred fights save Wessex as the end of King Alfred's reign draws to a close. Uhtred, who loves the Danes far more than he cares for the Christian religion of the king he is continually sworn to serve, must now fight to save the country as Alfred dies and multiple power struggles, both external and internal  threaten to tear it apart.   This book, beginning at the end of Alfred's reign, covers an extended period of about four years and introduces some new and very interesting characters (Saint Cuthbert the Foolish) and continues to develop some that we already know and love or hate. Like the first 5 offerings in this series, this book covers a brutal period in England's history. It is a fast moving, blood-letting adventure as Uhtred fights to prevent the destruction of the infant kingdom and halt a Danish invasion. Unlike in the past books when there was more sword play and less strategy, we see Uhtred mature as a true commander and mature leader who uses his head as much as his sword. He makes mistakes but adjusts and adapts to rapidly changing environments.  As we again hear Uhtred continue the story of his service to Alfred (All of the books in this series are told in first person) and his heir, we find that a witch is predicting future events that have dire consequence for Alfred's Wessex. Uhtred counters with ploys of his own that involve similar subterfuges.  But as in past installments it comes down to victory or death in a critical engagement which is decided not by numbers but rather by the skill, cunning, and leadership of a few individuals.  A quick and easy read, the book takes you back to that time so successfully that you can almost smell the smoke, and hear metal on metal--the best so far
B004A8ZWVK|2.0|It just wasn't what the commercials promised it to be. \\"It will make you laugh and cry\\". I really was looking forward to this movie.  I couldn't wait for it to be over with.  2 hrs. 26 mins.is way too long.  I found it insulting in many ways.  I was disappointed.  I'm glad I rented it at Redbox.
0307593312|4.0|This book was as screwed up technically and editorially as anything I've read in the last 75 years, and yet I will likely never forget the reading as an unforgettably magnificent experience.  And in the end that's what life and the reading that evokes it should be, and in this case is, all about.[[ASIN:0307593312 1Q84]]
0525423656|4.0|I am ready for book three! I didn't give it a four, because I feel like Divergent and Hunger Games captured my attention a little more, but I am excited to see how the story plays out.
B000EUDAWG|1.0|Product was defective, screws on battery hatch stripped. Returned with a request for replacement, none received.  Have ordered elsewhere. Very disappointed.
B0000033P2|5.0|Inch by inch I am replacing my old vinyl with remastered Cd's so I can rock out in the car like I used to in my dorm room.  Although there still is nothing like laying the large plastic disc on my still immaculate Garrard Zero-100 turntable and blasting it out of my Marantz 1060.  ELP harkens back to the timeless and classic rock of the 1970's and musicians today can't hold a candle to Keith Emerson, Greg Lake and Carl Palmer - three of the most talented from that era.  This album features \\"From the Beginning\\" the most popular ELP single, although my favorite is the \\"Endless Enigma\\" which has personal significance and evokes some powerful memories of some pleasurable activities from my freshman year.
B000GUJZ4G|5.0|I bought this for a Patrick Swayze tribute movie night.  He plays the bad guy here, and it takes a bit to get used to, but it is worth it.  He gives a great performance here as a surfer/bank robber.  Keanu Reeves does a great job playing the cop undercover.  I love Lori Petty's performance also.  This is a fun enjoyable movie, get the popcorn and prepare for entertainment.<br /><br />I haven't checked out the extras yet, I mostly bought it for the movie itself.
B001OQCV6A|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie!  Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law are the classic Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson.  This movie takes place in 1870's to 1880's Victorian England.  Great acting by all.  Great plot with twists that will keep you captivated until the last scene.  Rachel McAdams is beautiful as Holmes former flame, and antagonist at times. Mark Strong is the ultimate bad guy who is quite eerie in this film.  I thoroughly enjoyed this film and like Director Guy Ritchie's take on this classic character.  This Sherlock Holmes is quite a boxer, thinker, and adventurer.  Great special effects enhance this movie.  What a great movie and I enjoy watching this many, many times!  Recommended!!
B003Y5H5FG|5.0|I saw this movie with high expectations and fortunately I wasn't disappointed!  I really like the original Fright Night with Chris Sarandon and Roddy McDowell.  Now that was a great combination against each other!  This is a great udate of that movie.  Colin Ferell is a great Jerry Dandridge and he doesn't try to copy the original Jerry.  However, his Jerry is just as vicious and there is no reference to a past love like the original.  This Jerry Dandridge (2011 style) is just plain vicious.  He just wants to suck your blood dry and then throw you out like yesterdays garbage, and better yet he wants to make some victims into Vampires as well.  The scene is not set in Los Angeles like the original, but in Las Vegas.  The hero Charley Brewster (portrayed excellently by Anton Yelchin) is in with the \\"cool kids\\" of his high school.  Unfortunately, one of his best friends is the geeky \\"Evil Ed\\" played by Christopher Mintz Plasse who tries to warn Charley that there is something BAD \\"in the air\\".  Charley's girlfriend is beautiful played by Imogen Poots as Amy.  This time Jerry Dandridge doesn't look at her as a resemblance of a past love, but as a potential Vampire to harass Charlie. Also, this Jerry doesn't have an assistant like the original Jerry did in 1985.<br />I am sure you all know the details of the movie so I wont get into that.  It is great that Chris Sarandon makes a suprize cameo in the film, unfortunately well...I won't spoil that suprize.  This has great special effects and this time Peter Vincent is alot more bizare than that played by Roddy McDowell.  That is okay because David Tennant plays Vincent with great flourish, though you find out he has a family past with Jerry Dandridge.  Okay, that is all I am going to say about the plot.  Overall, what a great movie this is and I can't wait to watch it over again.  This is a movie for those who like great Vampire Plots, truely spooky scenes, and great special effects makes this a movie that is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!ED!!
0756686970|5.0|We saw this book at a recent LegoFest and it is really fantastic!  I purchased it for my 7 year old grandson and he has had his nose in it constantly since I gave it to him!
B001C4AFOY|5.0|What a great movie this is!  I enjoy English History and so this was a must see.  I was captivated by Emily Blunt's performance and was enthralled during the entire movie.  The life of Queen Victoria is well documented.  The triumphs and tragedies are known to anyone interested in British history.  This movie is about just before Victoria is crowned, the romance with Prince Albert and their marriage, to when their first child is born.  Victoria went thru a turbulent childhood.  The family members she grew up with (primarily her mother) was more interested in status than warmth toward Victoria.  She had to grow up very quickly after being crown Queen of Great Britain.  Her relationship with the British Prime Minister is done rather accurately, he was one of the few friends she could rely on.  The relationship with her Uncle King William IV is portrayed well.  His disdain for Victoria's mother is portrayed well and I cheered for him.  In the film Rupert Friend is Prince Albert and he does an outstanding job portraying this great man who at first is relunctant towards Victoria, but soon falls in love with her.  What is interesting is that they are cousins (what the tabloids would say today)!  The sets are beautiful, the costumes are grand, and the whole movie is interesting and charming.  This is a movie for those who enjoy a great plot, outstanding acting, and beautiful scenery overall!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
B002GSXKN8|4.0|This is the cheapest way to own all four Batman movies.  The first two are good the second two, you just own because you pathologically need to complete the set.
B004XDYJRU|4.0|I love this app. it does what it says it does. Now it even has a tablet interface with version 5.X.  I see some people are miffed because some stations withhold their streaming content. Complain to the station doing the withholding! although I agree with the guy that suggested the ability to put in the address of a stream you want. that would be nice.
0767817729|5.0|Happy, Happy, Happy! This purchase was fast and simple. The movie plays excellent. And shipment was actually faster than stated.
B006C45CFG|5.0|This film is far better than the rest of the crappy super hero films that came out this summer.  For one thing, there are some really good horses in the film.
B005K17RU0|4.0|One of the best free weather apps on the market. Has an awesome interface but does occasionally crash. I haven't noticed it sucking battery life even though its always running.
B003EYVXSW|1.0|I really struggled with this.<br /><br />\\"Struggled\\" as in struggled to find the TV remote (which had slipped down the side of the settee) so that I could turn it off before I'd finished the film. I managed to sell the film at a car boot sale at a small profit, so all was not lost.<br /><br />The story is hackneyed in the extreme - genetic scientists play god and suffer the consequences when their creation turns on them (I assume - I never stayed the course to discover what the consequences were). Mary Shelley did it two centuries ago and it seems like Hollywood has been churning this stuff out ever since. That's all you need to know about the plot. However, to stand out from the crowd, something like this really has to say something new and the best that our director could come up with is \\"genetics\\" and \\"big pharma\\". Yawn<br /><br />Every scene seems to deliver yet another cliche - the protagonists (Brody and Polley) and their assistants are portrayed as stereotypical geeks/nerds, playing rock music in the lab and wearing jeans & tees (Gasp! How non-co nformist can you get?). The \\"nerdy scientist\\" thing is overdone to the point that their independent company is called N.E.R.D (do you see what they did there?) and they name their creation Dren (Nerd backwards - geddit? My sides were splitting). Then, when things go wrong in the lab, the \\"corporation\\" comes down on our heroes and bans rock music and jeans (Boo! Rotters!). And of course, the initial \\"all going wrong\\" bit early in the film is not only scientifically catastrophic, but it happens in front of an audience of investors (who end up covered in gouts of blood - ah the symbolism!).<br /><br />Oh yes... the producer does like his symbolism: in fact he likes it so much that he uses it as an offensive weapon. So, the incubator that grows & gives birth to the Dren creature is a \\"symbolic\\" womb (complete with an insufficiently symbolic v@gin@ - I was surprised and relieved not to see symbolic pub1c hair) and Polley even assists the birth in good old \\"James Herriot\\" style. Tip to the producer - if you want to be symbolic, subtlety is your friend. Give the audience a chance to work it out for itself.<br /><br />The acting ain't that great either. Aiden Brody (The Thin Red Line) is, I am led to believe, a good actor and I loved Sarah Polley in her (debut which makes this film all the more disappointing. Perhaps they realised early on that they had signed up to a dog and simply let it go after that. Who can tell?<br /><br />You may have got the impression that I don't think much of this film. Well done! Honestly, I'm not that hard to please - I enjoyed Angelina Jolie's Tomb Raider films and I love the Resident Evil film franchise so clearly my tastes aren't that elevated. Splice, however fails to deliver on any level and I would go so far as to suggest that even Species did it better.James Herriot\\" style. Tip to the producer - if you want to be symbolic, subtlety is your friend. Give the audience a chance to work it out for itself.   The acting ain't that great either. Aiden Brody (The Thin Red Line) is, I am led to believe, a good actor and I loved Sarah Polley in her (debut which makes this film all the more disappointing. Perhaps they realised early on that they had signed up to a dog and simply let it go after that. Who can tell?   You may have got the impression that I don't think much of this film. Well done! Honestly, I'm not that hard to please - I enjoyed Angelina Jolie's Tomb Raider films and I love the Resident Evil film franchise so clearly my tastes aren't that elevated. Splice, however fails to deliver on any level and I would go so far as to suggest that even Species did it better.
B005K17RU0|4.0|I actually like this weather app, allows multiple locations to be setup, gives all current stats, won't do landscape mode however so you have to view top to bottom. It is actually quite flexible and lots of information available.
B00000099Y|4.0|I'm going to keep this review short and sweet. Despite only having caught on to Tool in the last four or so years, I am a fully paid-up, born-again convert. I've been listening to Lateralus pretty much constantly for what seems like ages and I can't put it down. Their last album 10,000 Days is almost as good and I'm eagerly awaiting news of a new album or, who knows? a UK tour?<br /><br />Anyway, Aenima doesn't quite hit the spot for me. It's hard to put my finger on the reason for this; the music is no less accomplished or complex than Lateralus/10,000 Days and Maynard's vocals are no less corrosive and the themes are just as powerful. Perhaps it's that the album lacks the gnostic, almost occult, feel of it's successors? I can't really say.<br /><br />However, there are two tracks that really ring my bell. Die Eier von Satan is a short, profoundly industrial piece of trip hammer thrash with growling German vocals delivered in the style of a 1930's Munich bierkeller political oratory. It took a while for me to cotton onto the actual meaning of this track and now, whenever I listen to it I feel a bit more like an insider because *I got the joke*.<br /><br />The other track is the long, rambling and chaotic \\"Third Eye\\". It's hard to see where this is going until Keenan slaps you hard in the face, screaming at you to pry open your third eye. It's like an electric shock.<br /><br />Overall, I give the album three stars, but I think I can hike it up a star for those two tracks
B003R0MF1W|4.0|Beware the manufacture has had some trouble with this \\"third season\\" production. they flip, and the picture will flash on and off and the quality is poor.
B000EULJLU|5.0|All righty then. Picture this, if you will..., December 9, 2011<br />By Crookedmouth \\"(Son of Olaf)\\" (Jolly old Blighty, wot wot.)<br />This review is from: 10,000 Days (Audio CD)<br />My impression is that of Tool's two most recent albums, this tends to win out in reviews (just) over its predecessor Lateralus. I personally prefer the unrelenting rawness of Lateralus (although it tends to tail off after the title track) but there really isn't much in it.<br /><br />I'm not much cop at musical critiques and I find it hard to describe music in a way that others can relate to, but perhaps that's just exacerbated by the pervading strangeness of Tool's work. To label it as Progressive Metal may mean something to someone (but not to me - I have no conscious experience of PM other than Tool) but even if it did, it does the album (or their body of work) no justice whatever: partly because of that strangeness but more so because 10,000 days is such a varied piece of work.<br /><br />It swings wildly from the powerful hard metal of the openers, Vicarious and Jambi, to the (slightly) more sedate Wings duo and then back again (The Pot, Rosetta Stoned) and so-on. Vicarious is probably my favourite track on the album, raging as it does against the pernicious sway that public media (televison, newspapers and the like) holds over us. The vicious and complex riffing of Adam Jones' guitar-work provides a gorgeous backdrop to Maynard Keenan's anguished vocals. It is very well worth looking up the music video that went with this track. Adam Jones, the bassist, is primarily responsible for the band's videos and they are all surreal, deeply disturbing and jawdroppingly imaginitive. It is clear that they mean something, but I really don't ever want to find out exactly what and the Vicarious video is no exception.<br /><br />By contrast, Intension, towards the end of the album is a good example of Tool at their more restrained. When I say 'restrained', I am thinking of Hannibal Lecter, strapped to a barrel-trolley and wearing a bite mask. This bass and drum led track may initially sound like slightly creepy elevator music but the pent up, barely controlled menace is spine tingling stuff.<br /><br />Jumping back a few, we find the second strangest track on the album - Lost Keys/Rosetta Stoned. These are actually two closely linked tracks. Lost Keys sets the scene and is little more than a dialogue (with instrumental backing) between a Doctor and Nurse about a mysterious admission. What follows, in Rosetta Stoned, is a mescaline fuelled X-files horror-rap as the patient recounts his abduction by aliens. It's an astonishing, breakneck, larynx stretching vocal performance, backed by some of the most intense axework* that you'll hear anywhere...<br /><br />...no, I mean that. Anywhere.<br /><br />The strangest track is the last - Viginti Tres. Is it music or is it simply radio transmissions leaking from some distant sound-dimension populated only by a lonely, tormented man-beast? I think we need to be told. It evokes the sort of images and soundscapes that Lustmord is so good at and it's probably not best listened to in the dark.<br /><br />I gave Lateralus 5 stars. 10,000 Days gets a half star knocked off for being less \\"consistent\\" (to my untutored ears), but by golly, I'm glad that I have to round that 4.5 up to 5 stars overall.<br /><br />Strapped down my bed.<br />Feet cold and eyes red.<br />I'm out my head.<br />Am I alive, am I dead?<br />Sunkist and Sudafed, gyroscopes and infrared.<br />Won't help, brain dead.<br />Can't remember what they said.<br /><br />*Ably supported, of course, by Danny Carey who seems to be playing his drums with baseball bats.g a bite mask. This bass and drum led track may initially sound like slightly creepy elevator music but the pent up, barely controlled menace is spine tingling stuff.   Jumping back a few, we find the second strangest track on the album - Lost Keys/Rosetta Stoned. These are actually two closely linked tracks. Lost Keys sets the scene and is little more than a dialogue (with instrumental backing) between a Doctor and Nurse about a mysterious admission. What follows, in Rosetta Stoned, is a mescaline fuelled X-files horror-rap as the patient recounts his abduction by aliens. It's an astonishing, breakneck, larynx stretching vocal performance, backed by some of the most intense axework* that you'll hear anywhere...   ...no, I mean that. Anywhere.   The strangest track is the last - Viginti Tres. Is it music or is it simply radio transmissions leaking from some distant sound-dimension populated only by a lonely, tormented man-beast? I think we need to be told. It evokes the sort of images and soundscapes that Lustmord is so good at and it's probably not best listened to in the dark.   I gave Lateralus 5 stars. 10,000 Days gets a half star knocked off for being less \\"consistent\\" (to my untutored ears), but by golly, I'm glad that I have to round that 4.5 up to 5 stars overall.   Strapped down my bed.   Feet cold and eyes red.   I'm out my head.   Am I alive, am I dead?   Sunkist and Sudafed, gyroscopes and infrared.   Won't help, brain dead.   Can't remember what they said.   *Ably supported, of course, by Danny Carey who seems to be playing his drums with baseball bats.
B003VANOFY|1.0|Okay, i rarely write reviews, but i wanted to get this out there so that it would help others.<br />Before I bought the G930 I searched all over the internet to find out if i could assign KeyBinds / Keyboard shortcuts / Key Strokes  to the G- Keys. I searched every where possible and could not find a good answer.<br />The Answer - You totally can.<br />For Eg you can assign Pg Down to a G-key, and scroll down in a word document using that G- KEy<br /><br />Make sure that you download the latest software from the Logitech Website (dont even open the CD that comes with it)<br />You can assign pretty much any Key from your keyboard or Mouse to the G- Keys.<br /><br />THe other nice thing is that the software will also scan your comp and search for installed Games and build profiles based on those games, so you can assign game controls directly to the G-Keys.<br />The Voice morphing is fun, and i cant wait to freak my friends out on Nazi Zombies.<br />-So far no signal loss, no breaking up<br />-I read many reviews that people hear their own voice in their headphones - YOU HAVE TO TURN OF \\"Voice Preview\\" in the Voice morphing Section<br />-Surround sound is amazing, so far tested it out with some youtube videos having surround sound- its great<br /><br />Ive only tried it out for a day now, I will add any negatives that i come up against<br />Some minor - Very minor ones so far are<br />1. The head set is a little heavy, for me atleast, but very slightly.<br />2. When I wear the headset, i do feel one particular pressure point - but that could get better as i break them in (Also could a cold im fighting right now)<br />3.I dont particularly like the infinite scroll on the Volume control - i like to know when ive reached Max/Min - Volume.<br />4. Bass is Good only if your going from no Bass at all to this<br />5. Overall Sound Quality I would give it a 7 out of 10.<br /><br />In the end the only reason to get this headset is for the wireless functionality.<br />and for that as well as the price point - THIS IS THE Best deal - (Other wireless units range >$200)<br /><br />Update:<br />4/15/2013<br />well the headset lasted a year. Snapped in the exact spot where a lot of other reviewers stated. For such an expensive piece of equipment, logitech should really look into making a more durable product.
B0024F08RO|5.0|Although I'm sad that the series is over, I did think it was a great conclusion to the show. It was bittersweet really, made me cry a little, honestly! It's a great show and for every Prison Break fan out there, this season is definitely a must-see. You'll enjoy it!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|This program is the perfect tool for people on the go. I don't have to maintain separate lists of bookmarks, notes, pictures, to dos, etc, etc... everything is in Evernote, and synced across all of my devices. Productivity is up, stress and disorganization are down, and life is good.
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|I really enjoyed the final movie to the Harry Potter series.  It truly kept me on the edge of my seat till the end.  Of course i loved it had a nice ending.
B000YKE87W|5.0|He is terrific . wonderful voice Good actor Will be Worlds Greatest tenor for sure.I will buy more of his recordings. Ginger
B005K17RU0|5.0|Works great on Fire.  After you enter your city you need to click on it or some shut to continue.  User error created unfair reviews.
B0052VUNHC|3.0|The story was good and written well. I couldn't put it down because I was too occupied with having to know what happens next with Abby and Travis. I like her past story and it was unexpected. The rollercoaster ride of emotions is what was the frustrating part and you just wanted to bop the characters on the head. The ending was a little rushed and there was no singular climax which may have also lead to my frustration a bit. Over all it's a nice change from all the paranormal love stories out there and it's just a story about two people and how their baggage can make a relationship difficult to cultivate.
B00005LOUP|5.0|this movie is amazing i would defiantly recommend it for a christmas present! my movie arrived within a few days and it was packaged well!
1451627289|5.0|I've never liked scary movies. I thought that I felt the same about scary books.  That changed in 1982.  I was in Beirut on a business trip.  It was Friday, a day off, and I was in dire need of new reading material. There was nothing of interest in the hotel lobby.  In desperation, I grabbed a Stephen King collection of novellas, Different Seasons.  After a quick visit to a corner market for a six pack of Heineken, and on the way to my room for some quiet time, the place was suddenly rocked by multiple explosions.  A major attack was under way from across the Green Line.  Rockets and mortars were coming constantly and small arms fire was raging.  My window balcony door had wooden shutters with the glass removed.  I closed the shutters, and made a comfortable bunker in the corner of the room. I put some loud rock n roll on my walkman, put on my headphones and for the first time entered the world of Stephen King.  As far as I was concerned the fighting outside was gone.    Now I've read all of Stephen's books, some of them several times, and I'm better for the experience.  But I still won't watch scary movies.  Maybe, for me, life is scary enough.  My generation was more affected by JFK's assassination than most other Americans.  We were young and impressionable. I was a junior in high school just a few hundred miles from Dallas.  The announcement of the shooting came over the PA system in our public high school, the same PA system that lead us in our daily prayers.   I was a Nixon supporter thinking about Goldwater.  I didn't care much for Kennedy, but the days that followed that Friday were some of the most depressing days of my life.  When there was only two or three TV stations in most cities, we spent the weekend glued to our sets.  Every picture was the same.  I, like many millions, was watching live TV Sunday morning for a first glimpse of the assassin being brought to court and cheered when he was shot dead by Jack Ruby.  Young people shouldn't watch peoplebeing murdered on live TV.  A few months ago I visited Dealey Plaza once again and went through the tour of the Texas Book Depository sixth floor museum one more time, the last time.  I don't know why, but at 64, for several days it brought back that old sadness.    It was with that sadness in mind that I heard about Stephen King's new novel 11-22-63.    As one of Stephen's \\"Constant Readers\\", King always reminds me of small things from my past that I've completely forgotten.  Stephen can do that, he's also 64.  As usual, I felt compelled to read his new book.  Given my feelings about the assassination, however, I was hesitant.  The premise of the novel is the fantasy of going back in time to stop Lee Harvey Oswald from killing John Kennedy.  As I got into the story, I realized that, hesitation aside, I was on another great Stephen King  roller coaster ride, and whatever the outcome my seat belt was buckled. I was buckled in, once again, to be made misty eyed by the sweetest demonstrations of loyalty, friendship and loving kindness. Those who don't read King and blindly categorize Stephen as \\"a writer of horror stories\\" don't understand his real talent.    I was also buckled in, as usual, wondering how Stephen is able to use those humorous, warm and loving feelings to stimulate goose flesh.  It's always unexpected. It's never the result of fear. How does he do that?  Reading a Stephen King novel, you need to keep in mind that he is a liberal.  I love his stories, and think of him as a friend, and he is definitely a liberal.  A good example is demonstrated when the main character, Jake Epping, considers the possibility of going back in time to Florida in 2000 and influencing enough votes to put Gore over the top.  That could become another horror story where Gore, using his Internet invention, lures his followers to gather in front of the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.    Stephen, who is admittedly not a researcher, has turned over a new leaf. In 11-22-63, he has taken a great deal of effort developing Oswald into a three dimensional character.  King did a great deal of work writing about the places the real Oswald lived, his friends and family.  It was necessary. Oswald is the major character.  Who was he?  Admittedly, King had to fill in many blanks, but he did that research based on a wealth of information and testimony.  Some would argue that the character King developed was not anything like the guy who killed Kennedy.  I guess that's the pro Oswald lobby.  I believe that King gave an honest effort to frame a historical figure and stimulate his readers to envision how the world would change if a major historical event was changed.  The Oswald character is not nice guy.  He's short, not very bright, egotistically driven, politically nave, has a love/hate relationship with his overbearing mother and wants to make a big name for himself.  He's failed as a Marine, and even as an immigrant to the Soviet Union. He's a wannabe Communist in a capitalist society. He's a loser.  He's a narcissist who stumbled onto a perfect stage.    In the 1960s, before Oswald and Vietnam, things were different. Today, people who fit Oswald's personality faults can be found everywhere, even camping on Wall Street.  Are we in trouble?  By bringing clarity and color to a shadowy character, Stephen King has done a great service.  We remember horrendous events, like 9-11, 12-7 or 11-22.  They shape our lives forever. We need to recognize that some, either because of sickness, weakness of character or plain old stupidity, do not realize that evil is truly rare.  Declaring one group to be evil can sometimes stir another group to ill-considered action.  Consider the French Revolution.  At what point do acts of anarchy become the real thing?  We need to be vigilant, recognizing and reacting when humans lose their humanity.    We can thank Stephen King for an entertaining fantasy that might be a catalyst for insight.
B0000YEEGM|4.0|This is a great movie. We watched it for my Childhood Psychopathology class as an example of Autism. Dustin Hoffman's character is so sweet. I had been looking for this every where and found it on Amazon for a pretty good price. Shipping was fast and accurate as usual!
B002VECMAE|3.0|\\"In 1979 a secret unit was established by the most gifted minds within the U.S. Army.  Defying all known accepted military practice--and, indeed, the laws of physics--they believed that a soldier could adopt a cloak of invisibility, pass cleanly through walls, and, perhaps most chillingly, kill goats just by staring at them.  Entrusted with defending America from adversaries, they were the First Earth Battalion.\\"  I couldn't have said it better myself, so I didn't try.  This passage from the back cover gives you an idea of what you're getting into when you pick up this book.  The author, Jon Ronson, is a documentary filmmaker and author from England who took an interest in the more classified areas of military intelligence.     The story follows a Major General Albert Stubblebine III (interesting name..), the U.S. Army's chief of intelligence.  General Stubblebine took a particular interest in supernatural abilities; levitation, walking through walls, various \\"powers\\" that were seemingly, and most likely, impossible.  The general had tried to no avail to access these powers himself, slamming face first into the wall of his office after determining that he could, and would, pass through the barrier.  The general is a credulous believer in these abilities, citing several ad hoc excuses to explain away why he was unable to successfully utilize the abilities he was so sure existed.  (For instance: \\"Maybe there is simply too much in his in-tray for him to give it the requisite level of concentration.\\")  Fortunately the author is not as credulous as the General; while he maintains an open mind to as-yet unproven possibilities, he remains wary of the likely B.S. swirling around this story.     The guy who would be leading this band of psychic soldiers was Jim Channon, a man who had occupied himself with finding a way to enable standard-issue G.I.'s to think outside the box, to be cunning and clever; to be more than a suit that knew how to shoot--everything the army would need them to be in the quickly modernizing post-Vietnam era.  With the help of a Dr. Hardt's brain tuning device, he would change ordinary soldiers into \\"Zen masters in just seven days, and give them the power of telepathy simply by plugging them into his brain machine.\\" Channon was a bit of a quack though, writing the First Earth Battalion Operation Manual--containing instructions and recipes to prepare these psychic boy-scouts with \\"ginseng regulators, divining tools, foodstuffs for enhanced night-vision, and a loudspeaker that would automatically emit indigenous music and words of peace.\\"  Somehow I'm not sure that would have stopped an enemy soldier from shooting you on sight in Vietnam.  Somehow this guy was able to convince special-forces command to give him a shot, enabling him to start testing these theories on real people...and real goats.   Ron goes from place to place to interview people who were rumored to have taken part in the project.  One of the fellows he found was Guy, an old karate teacher who may have drunk a little too much koolaid back in the day if you know what I mean.  Upon finding him, Guy was distraught over having recently stared his hamster to death.  After moving past that clearly circumstantial hamster death, Guy gave Ronson some interesting pieces of intel on the psychic goat operation, including a picture of the layout for the experiments.  He also accidentally showed him a picture of a man karate chopping a goat to death, saying \\"You really weren't supposed to see that.\\"  Maybe Guy got frustrated that he couldn't kill the goat by staring at it, so he disposed of it the old fashioned way--the REALLY old fashioned way.     Ronson travels far and wide to interview people involved in the goat experiments, as well as several other psychological experiments designed to thwart our enemies.  The book is largely an indication that our military does indeed spend our tax dollars on things like psychic warfare.  But the book also points to the prevalent use of psychological warfare in modern war.  For instance, Iraqi prisoners of war were forced to listen to Barney the Purple Dinosaur's \\"I Love You\\" song for 24 hours straight.  The thought process might have gone something like this: \\"Maybe if we play this song over and over again in a language they don't understand, somehow it'll sink in that they love us and won't continue to fight against us!\\"  Having watched Barney as a kid, I can tell you that this strategy could only backfire--when I heard that song, all I wanted to do was kick Barney in the crotch, or whatever else it took to get him to shut up.  The book is also a sort of social commentary on the way prisoners have been and are treated by some in the intelligence community, who will do whatever is legal--and a little more--to get the information they want.  It is definitely an interesting, and at times comical, read.  If you are into manifestations of bureaucratic bizarreness, and tales of how poorly our government spends our tax dollars sometimes, this is a great read.  It also gives a great look into the way intelligence agencies work, and how they will explore every avenue of possibility for ways to get information, an edge, over our enemies.  It is helpful to keep in mind that this was during Cold-War times--everyone was a little bit crazy back then.  Fear is a powerful tool, and nobody likes communists of course.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I typically do not like to add covers and cases to my devices.  Today's devices are so slim and well designed that I hate to add bulk.  When I ordered my Fire I decided that I would not get a case for it.  After using it for a week, I changed my mind as I felt that the device needed some protection while stored in my bag.  The MicroShell Folio provides a nice plastic shell on the back and a nice padded front to protect the glass from scratches.  The case fits the Kindle Fire like a glove and it adds virtually no bulk to the device.  I used to own an iPad 2 and I consider this case to be very similar to the Smartcover for that device.  The one main difference is this case provides protection for the back of the device as well.  I doubt that this case will keep the Kindle Fire completely safe if it were to take a nasty fall; however, that is not the intended purpose of this item.  This is a case to provide minimal protection and add minimal bulk.  It will help protect against every day bumps and do so very well.
B004FOA84A|5.0|Definitely loved the game!  My only complaint is that it didn't last long enough.  I would definitely purchase a sequel or similar game.
1933633867|5.0|This is a great book if you have a general interest in economics, history or anthropology. It provoked a lot of personal thought about the meaning of debt and dispelled some misconceptions I had about the history of debt. The topic is very broad, however, and the author often succumbs to digressions that detract from the overall cohesiveness of the book. But if you like interesting historical anecdotes, you'll like the digressions and they do add to the richness of the story the author tells.
B0052GACNM|5.0|Tony Bennett's voice is still strong and true! Love his choice of singing partners and his obvious delight in the pairings.
0679423664|4.0|\\"...Kaysen initially was admitted to McLean for treatment of depression, but ended up being diagnosed with borderline personality disorder, and some of the files that have been scanned into the book are quite interesting to look at. Academically, there is a lot more known about mental illness now than there was while Kaysen was being treated at McLean, but there are still a lot of common misconceptions, and that makes me feel like at least some of the stigma still exists against this type of thing. That's one of the reasons I think I like this book so much; Kaysen and the other in-patients she talks about don't really conjure up images of men in white coats, straitjackets and padded walls - they're in the moderate security ward. They don't seem necessarily crazy, for the most part, and I found myself really caring about them...\\"<br /><br />For full review, please visit me at Here Be Bookwyrms on Blogger!<br /><br />herebebookwyrms dot blogspot dot com
B002MQYOFW|5.0|It's a great story. I'm going to get the second one asap. It's plot is interesting and made for bother male and female. For male they have the hunt and not to descriptive of the gorge but enough to create it in your own mind, and for the females there is a romance coming into view. wonderful book.
B002BU0DPE|3.0|I have owned two of these and i will say they are great quality but the break and die so easily after about 4 months i had one sitting on my shelf for 2 weeks and when i picked it up to use it  both ear pieces fell off... and the second one the speakers both died after 3 months
B004FGMDOQ|5.0|Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children is an odd book that was very intriguing.  When I heard about it I hesitated purchasing.  What if I didn't like it, what if it is too odd for my taste?  I purchased it anyway and was hooked from the very first page.<br /><br />Not only is the lead character, Jacob very easy to fall in love with, but so are all of the children at Miss Peregrine's home.  Even Miss Peregrine herself is the perfect matriarch for the bunch.  This book had me quickly turning pages until the very end.  I couldn't put it down and when I neared the end I was sad that it would soon be over.<br /><br />The pictures are really out there and interesting to look at.  I was concerned about being able to see the pictures on the Kindle but they came through just fine.  One of the hand written letters was difficult to read but not impossible.  I hope that everyone will give this book a chance, it really is worth it!
B004A8ZWVK|1.0|Hollywood seems to put out these revisionist race related movies every few years, made of equal parts uncomfortable laughs and overwrought pathos.  Maybe instead of looking at race from the segregationist days we could look to our present and realize that it's not as \\"feel good\\" as this Oscar winner wanna-be would have us believe.
B0012GMU8Q|5.0|A perfect vinyl.  It's original and the sound is very good.  This soundtrack is a good mix of depress and happiness just like the film.
B005DF2QMC|4.0|I buy old, used, audio books on cassette tape and convert them to MP3 files. So far, this device has worked very well for that purpose. I have not used it to convert music files so I cannot comment on it's merits in that regard but it works very well for converting spoken words to MP3 files. When I wear this one out I will buy another just like it. I rated it four stars.
0618918248|3.0|I've read the positive reviews and the negative reviews and I fall somewhere in the middle.  Dawson comes up with many points that I had never really thought of and he does a good job of refuting even the most respected arguments by theists. Not being a philosopher or scientist, I appreciated that (for the most part) he was able to explain things in ways that I could understand.  On the other hand, the entire book is very heavy handed and condescending. Dawkins looks down on anybody who disagrees with him. The entire book has a constant tone of \\"I'm smarter then you\\".  Other reviews I've read on here mention that Dawkins confuses the difference between a debate for/against god and a debate for/against religion (which I agree are not synonymous). There are only few points in the book where I noticed this though and it's a minor complaint.  Dawkins wastes a lot of the book discussing whether or not famous thinkers (such as Einstein and Thomas Jefferson) were atheists as if that were proof that there is no god.  Overall, worth reading but far from being the definitive word on the subject that it claims to be.
B00335EQ0E|4.0|A wonderful classic movie of expanding your mind. An adventure for the ages. As timeless today as it was the day it was writen.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I would like to see the ability to have the handwritten note feature, that is available in the desktop vesrsion in the tablet version.
0439023521|5.0|I love this story! It's engaging from the first chapter and I like the strong female lead.  I couldn't put it down and read it in about 3 days and I can't wait for the movie!
B0064J6OMO|4.0|I have no idea why some people are giving this movie a bad rating. This movie has  funny moments in it. If u have kids u will understand. I will admit however, that is is a male version of freaky Friday.
B005QN3ANK|5.0|I've been waiting for this album for ages and now that I have it, I can happily say that I am not disappointed! This is a must for any Aqua fan!  Almost every song is catchy and fun, like Aqua has always been. I must say they've matured much since 1997. My favorite track for sure is \\"Playmate to Jesus.\\" It just screams classic Aqua.  Some of the lyrics are a tad explicit and that's something new for Aqua, but it didn't shy me away from the album. You'll still enjoy it!  Please invest if you love Aqua!
B001UV4XI8|4.0|It is very good. However I thought it would be released also in a box with Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part 2.
0385040253|5.0|Very good reference book. I have used it for years. Finally got my own copy!  If you do ANYTHING with knots, you will find this reference invaluable.
B004X80QNG|1.0|just kept force closing and hanging my tablet. wrecked havoc! uninstalled... oh well... there goes 10 bucks i will never get back.
B001VNB54A|5.0|If you like War moives & I do & seen them all But this Mini Series is buy far the best Ever made.!!!<br /><br />IN Blue-Ray with a powered subwoofer & surounds you will not do the moive justest with out a soround sound & feel it;s true full exprence....<br /><br />Blows away Band if Brother, Saving Prived Rien, And also WE WERE SOlgers (Mel Gipson},that are great movies,<br /><br />but I have whached it many times & still can't get over it's all around intencady .!!!!<br /><br />Buy, Rent or watch with a freind & no that are freedom came at a great loss to the BRave Soldgers who<br /><br />fite on the Islands neer Japan.,.& all the things they did,,,don't ever forget what these BRAVE men did and gave<br /><br />the untamit price (deying for are feedom).....I give it ******* 7 stars just whach it & you will know.....
B00005M989|4.0|Good CD, only one favorite song missing. Delivered as promised. The Very Best of Prince has a good selection of hits and provides a good overview of Greatest Hits without buying a box set selection.
0740748475|2.0|The binding of these books is awful! The pages are simply glued to the fabric spine, and after just over a week of reading, they are coming off and I have to keep them from getting damaged.<br />A work like this deserves a much better rendition and careful binding. I'm looking into rebinding this marvelous work by a professional bookbinder, before the pages get creased or torn.<br />Apart from that (and the fact Bill Watterson desecrated his work by editing some of the original strips), this is one of the best books I ever purchased! My teen dreams come true.
B0064J6OMO|5.0|Very Cheeky and funny Movie, enjoyed it for .99 cents no streaming problems and great sound. Loved it and plan to watch it again before my viewing window expires.
0307891402|5.0|simply amazing! The Guide had so much detail it was probably the best guide i've seen! over 600 pages, my friends refer to it as my \\"Skyrim Textbook\\" and i cannot disagree with them. it is the Bible of Skyrim and any true fan would love to have one, its even better then the Skyrim Wiki! Highly recommended!!!
B002UPA4ZY|5.0|this was my second time to purchase and gave these away as presents.  when it first came out, i purchased several and gave them away as christmas presents as well. the production and songs are truly beautiful.  i play it over and over throughout the year and those who i have given it to, enjoy and love it as well.  remarkable singers and classy all the way.  david foster is truly gifted.  i may have to buy a few more this christmas. :)
B005SJIP2S|4.0|I agree with other reviewers that the tempo of the playing sounds a little sluggish.  The pacing is slower than Yessongs and later live recordings.  But that said, the clarity of the recording is stellar.  I can't recall a live recording where I could hear all of the players, note for note.  The nuances of the playing is completely revealed. Benoit David sound very much like Jon (when he was younger).  **** out of *****
B0066W1AZK|5.0|Great and enjoyable game!  The whole family loves playing it, and it provides us with fun competition when waiting for whatever.
B000W91RUG|5.0|I just found this show and within the span of one months viewing it bought series one through four.  I laugh so much while watching.  Gotta love those nerds!  A must for a great comedy collector!
B004DLPXAO|1.0|Normally I don't enter reviews but I just had to after the latest version of the Kindle app came out.  There is no way in the world this app needs to be this large!  To keep using it I've had to uninstall multiple apps.  Amazon, please see reason and reduce this bloated monster back down.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I would recommend this card game to anyone who has some time to kill.  It has very bright and clear graphics.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|To those who boohooed the Blu-ray/ultraviolet set, GET OVER IT! Okay, the UV was crap, but post on the movie! Not the lack of extras.<br /><br />SPOILER!!!! SPOILER!!!SPOILER!!! If you do NOT know what happens, PLEASE STOP NOW!!!!!<br /><br />Everything you thought about Snape? Well, you were wrong (personally, I saw that coming). Dumbledor was more of a finagler that you EVER thought, even in death. The bad guys get there's BIG TIME. Harry has kids who go to Hogwarts 19 years after the end of the film.<br /><br />Okay, now to MY review. I know almost everyone knows what happens in this dvd by now. I am 58, and a huge fan of this series. Deathly Hallows 1 was a very very dark set-up to finish with DH 2. The CG effects in DH2 are way better than any of the other films. There is not ONE moment that doesn't have you on the edge of your seat/couch. The filming is dark when it needs to be, and bright when it should be. The characters are no longer young kids, they have arrived into adults, and play that role. The soundtrack...excellent. Subdued and used purely to accent the action. While the plot takes you to the inevitable end, you find yourself embracing it, and, even though it is the end of this fantastic series, accepting. You will bury your face in your hands at the sad parts (yes, I may have shed a few tears), but shout cheers at you tv for the victories. And after all, isn't that WHY we watch this series? My ONLY sorrow, is there isn't more. The world created in this series is a very special world. And I will miss it.<br /><br />As to the DVD set, there are NO extras. At all. At least on my rental from Redbox.
B005K17RU0|4.0|This weather app works great on my new Kindle Fire. Seems to have pretty decent prediction also. The graphics are great.
B005HSG3VK|5.0|I love this case. It is not too thick, isn't too heavy and fits in my purse just perfect. I have been looking everywhere for a good case for my Amazon Kindle Fire and could't find anything. I'm so glad I came across this case. It was worth every penny.
B004EPZ07K|5.0|Item received in excellent condition from seller and on time.  This movie was a delightful and entertaining experience. Ryan Renolds does an outstanding job.  Can't wait for the next movie to come out.  I am sure it will be exciting also. You must see to appreciate it.
B004HO6I4M|5.0|Blue Sky outdid themselves with this movie. If you look very closely at the detail of the birds, you will see the fine lines that make up the feathers. They left nothing out when it came to detail or catching the likeness of the many different birds. The voice actors were superbly selected and characterized each bird perfectly! It was as if each bird was created exclusively for each voice actor. I most enjoyed Will.I.Am as Pedro. I loved this movie so much that when netflix sent it to me, I didn't send it back until every single member of my family had seen it. After I sent it back, I went out and bought it. It's such a great movie! It guarantees laughter and fun.
1451627289|1.0|THIS REVIEW CONTAINS SPOILERS      I've been a staunch supporter of Stephen King for most of my life, but this is one ride I wish I had never taken with him.  Stories of this length, especially time travel stories, have one basic requirement above all others, a satisfactory ending, a payoff that leaves the reader happy that he/she stuck it out all the way. Most honest King fans will admit that a satisfactory ending is not his strong suit.  King is at his best when describing the seedy underworld that lies just under the visible spectrum of what we experience as reality.  The beautiful 1958 Plymouth Fury...possessed and homicidal.  An out of the way, sleepy town...populated by vampires.  A shy, mousy girl on the verge of becoming a woman...who can kill you with a single thought.  In \\"11/22/63\\" King broadens his horizons and tackles the historical fiction genre, specifically the more localized niche of alternate history, rubbing shoulders with authors like Harry Turtledove, who is in my opinion the master of this style of storytelling.    From the start, King seems to be in control of the narrative, although at times falling into diarrhea of the word processor, a problem which has oft times plagued him.  Strong characters that we can relate to and understand anchor us through a tale of a history that even those of us who were not alive at the time feel familiar with thanks to King's obvious research and meticulous attention to detail.  The ups and downs, ins and outs of the story move along fine until we get to the end, and herein lies the disaster.  The ending is the glacier that hits this book, cracks it down the middle, and left me shaking my head in disbelief that things would turn out this way.  SPOILERS AHEAD  If you haven't read the ending and want to be surprised, stop reading here....................    King draws the conclusion both in his narrative and in his Afterword that Oswald acted alone when John F. Kennedy was shot.  If this had been an extension ofthe narrative, I would have let it slide, even though I personally would not have agreed with it, but in the context of this book, it comes off as preachy and \\"obvious\\" that it happened that way in real life, which time travel must have one foot in if stories like these are going to work at all.  Having saved JFK from Oswald's diabolical deed, which was our hero's aim all along, the ending then devolves even further by painting a vision of the future in which everything goes to Hell in a handbasket because the \\"natural\\" order of things was interrupted.  I can imagine historians and conspiracy theorists alike coming together in a collected pool of disappointment over this forced \\"twist ending\\" which comes off as a contrivance and inept as well as offensive.      Stephen King then goes even further to rub the reader's nose in his view of \\"actuality\\" by supplying a completely unnecessary and even arrogant Afterword in which he cements his newfound job as a Government shill.  It pains me to see an author who I have respected and admired over the years reduced to nothing more than a whipping boy for the Powers That Be.  He states that he is convinced by the lone gunman theory and doesn't even acknowledge the great many inconsistencies and horrible security practices that would appall any visiting President's secret service team.  Windows and doors open, umprellas propped up (on a sunny day, no less), no crowd control to speak of, all for a President who was braving death threats to be there on that day.      Take my advice.  Save your money, your time, and your blood pressure and buy \\"Crossfire\\" by Jim Marrs instead.  A far more insightful look into the shadowy events surrounding JFK's assassination and a beacon of truth shining a light on the conspiracy, not the lone gunman, that changed the world on 11/22/63.
0446573019|3.0|I have never before written a review of anything on Amazon, but when I got to the ending of this novel, I just had to put the book down and share why I will probably not finish the book nor will I ever read anything by this author again.   Up until this point, the book was truly enjoyable. It is well researched, well paced, and basically hard to put down.  No question about it, Baldacci is truly a master of the thriller genre.  Unfortunately, he is also a bit of a scoundrel. Why? (Minor spoiler alert! I am not about to give away the plot, but the death of one character...)  In a mainstream thriller, there are just certain characters you do not kill off for no good reason.  But Baldacci does just that close to the end of the novel.  Worse, he even has the main character Puller admit that the death of this character was basically pointless. But it was worse than pointless.  He had set up the reader for a romantic rendezvous between Puller and the person who he instead just kills her off, sloppily, randomly, and to really pour salt into the wound says, oh that, yeah, her, yeah that was basically for no good reason.  In addition to being a brilliant author, I also enjoying inflicting some pain on my readers.  While reading this novel, up until the point of the pointless death, I was truly enjoying reading it, and looking forward to reading many, if not all, of Baldacci's other novels. Now, I will not read a single one, for fear of once again being sucked into the story and then being betrayed at the end.  [After having gotten past some of my initial melodramatic reaction to her death, I went back and softened the title of this review and changed it to 3 stars]
B005RYF5JA|5.0|Watched the concert on PBS last night...stunning!!!  MUCH better than the other concerts & I adored them. The new girl is WOW!!!  Sorry to see they let the other 2 girls go, but.....
B00005OM5I|5.0|This album is epic from start to finish. Stained Class has some of the very first extreme metal compostions ever made as well as some of the best song writing ever by Judas Priest.  My first taste of priest was the \\"british steel\\" album and because of that album i ignored priest for years. it wasn't until i heard albums like \\"Stained Class\\" where i really started to love this band. The music here is much deeper than the music on painkiller (not that I don't love Painkiller) or british Steel(british steel sucks), or most commercial priest albums. The lyrics and instruments here have meaning and paint a vivid picture. the lyrics cover a broad spectrum of issues and ask the tougher questions of life(savage)and some are brutal(saints in hell) and dark, yet intelligently written. With the shredding dual leads, pounding double bass drums,monsterous riffs, and ripping metal vocals on this album, i could only imagine how shocked people were to hear this back in the 70's, this must of been death metal to people back than. This album is a masterpiece and may throw off some people who are used to more modern music or fans of more radio friendly priest(radio priest is not bad), but if you like good metal music than you will love this.<br /><br /> PS: DO NOT GET THE REMASTERED VERSION, IT SOUNDS LIKE CRAP.
B00479SVBU|5.0|I was looking for a good device to act as my auxillary for an mp3 player through the radio.  Few of them got good ratings except for this one.  It was somewhat pricier but I thought it would be worth it.  The reviews were accurate and it works as advertized.
B003AYPMBU|3.0|This cd is okay and that's all. Vh1 and all the dumbies who listen to radio and magazines will tell you this is &#34;THE PRIEST ALBUM&#34; but they always fail to acknowledge the true masterpieces by priest, pushing many people away from Judas priest without knowing it. My first taste of priest was this album and it gave me the impression Priest was just another average rock band. I went through years of thinking the band was just another mediocre band like ACDC or KISS. It wasn't untill years later when a friend lent me Sad Wing of Destiny and Defenders of the Faith till I realized why Judas priest is phenominal. If you already own Sin after Sin, Stained Class, Sad wings, Painkiler, Defenders, and screaming, than pick this up. If not, get the albums I just mentioned first, they blow this LP away. This is a good album for people that like the more radio friendly, and less metal Judas priest songs, but even Killing machine is a better place for radio priest than this. All in all, this cd is okay...maybe good, but nowhere near the masterpiece VH1 and some fans say it is. If Priest was hailed for albums like Sad Wings instead of just this record, then maybe Priest would be taken as seriously as Pink Floyd and Zeppelin and they would be loved by just as many people as those bands...
B0067R0APK|2.0|I do like this application be it seems to drain the battery significantly. I don't know if it is trying to update even when the device is in the off position or not. I see no way to tell it not to do that or exit the application totally.
B005KJZDXK|4.0|While the singing is great, I love the old school, guitar sounds on this CD.  It has a very endearing, old classic sound.
0756665949|5.0|Great purchase at a really low price. Bought it for someone for Christmas and it arrived quickly.  Will do business with this vendor on Amazon again. Thanks for the great service!
B005HSG3U6|5.0|This is a sturdy, elegant and versatile case that protects against impact and scratches. The kindle can be easily stood up and used for movies in an airplain etc.
B001E45XT4|3.0|I Like the fit of this particular headset, the sound is a decent quality and the microphone worked great, I got My set in July and i wish i could return them now since the microphone no longer works. All in all good for sound but dont depend upon that microphone lasting, at least not in my experience.
B0034JKZ86|1.0|I love this movie and bought it for my god-daughter and friends son both three years old.. We were watching the movie when it skipped ahead to the middle of the movie!!! It was a used copy so I thought to clean it and try again then it skipped again and again!!! I was soo upset such a waste of money I will never buy from them again!!!
B006BDHAX0|5.0|this is a great game.  graphics and music really add to it.  the games get more difficult as you go along.  I would highly recommend this game.
B00005KK9M|5.0|One of the best Kansas albums ever.  I have had this in LP, cassette and 2 cd version.  A must for any Kansas fan.
B001BPJJ9G|5.0|It isn't often a film comes along that is a work of art, The Fall by Tarsem is, one of the greatest films I've ever seen.  It's deeply moving, imaginative, beautiful to look at, tells a whopping great story and features two superb performances from a little girl and a handsome man.  Perfection.  If you love great film-making don't miss this masterpiece.
B002BU0DPE|4.0|-First of all, this isn't a cheap headphone. It is durable. Ive had it for only a month, but i can tell from the quality that it will last at least a year.  -Sound Quality: 3.5    Good Base    Sound Controls are very useful    A faint buzzing noise due to the usb power    noise is heard easily from the outside    no surround sound  -Durability: 5 (so far)    cables are very thick    the headphone is made of good material  -Comfort: 3    comfortable at first, but gets irritating after thirty mins  -Value: 4    its only 65 dollars. compared to other headphones of its price, it is better.
B003FSTN6Q|5.0|Excellent packaging, delivered on time, in great shape.  No complaints on the vendor, and highly recommend them.  The DVD itself, only complaint is that it does not have subtitle options (for hearing impaired).  Otherwise it is exactly as expected.
B0015AARJI|4.0|the control came in perfect condition but it feels like a cheap plastin and also doesn't came with an usb... (thx god that there are many phones with same usb)   after all it's a good control maybe a lil' overpriced but i think it worth the buy
0765365278|5.0|This was a great story and I was thoroughly engrossed in it but it is frustrating to read a good book like this and have to wait who knows how long before the next book comes along.  It makes it hard to remember the characters, especially as I am an avid reader of Brandon Sandersons other works ie., Mistborn series and the Memory of Light.
1400052181|4.0|The \\"Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks\\" is fascinating to read.  It unimaginable that this could happen to a human being. The circumstances in which  she had endure to get a little medical attention and be abused in the process. It's appalling that black people had no rights.  Where were the black  physicians to assist Henrietta and others?  America with its religious rhetoric and no humanity for anyone who do not look like them (Europeans)should  feel shame. Mr Gey and his colleagues committed a crime by selling Henrietta cells and still going while her family still live in poverty.  This is  America 'freedom for all' except the marginalized people of color. As for the use of the cells to cure other diseases, no scientist has written that  her cells actually cured a specific disease.  It's speculation! Rebecca Skloot was courageous to undertake this project investigating the validity of  Henrietta's circumstances and story.  Why are people of European ancestry so pig heady and its time for them to get over that superiority attitude.  My  question has always been--how did this 'superiority' attitude and positioning themselves (Europeans) above everyone (human beings)else on earth. Everyone  should read the book and learn about the treatment of people who have been marginalized and its still happening.
B00005JKCH|5.0|Spiderman (2002) is a refreshing flick that offers a little bit of everything in terms of action, romance, suspense, tragedy, and adventure. It has a simple yet very effective storyline that draws the viewer in from the beginning. Young Peter Parker is a guy with a crush, but must suppress that temptation as his new powers become apparent. He instead embarks on a commitment of being a public servant. Woven into the story is the perfect villain (Green Goblin) who turns out to be Peter's best friend's father. If you like crime-busting action at its best, then this movie is for you. If you like a little romance sprinkled in, then this movie is for you. This movie also fully captures the essence of city life, and how a character like Spiderman can bring about a mysteriousness in the eyes of skeptical people as well as those who believe in what he's doing. This movie exemplifies the division between good and evil; Parker as Spiderman must win the hearts and minds of his people while trying to bring down Green Goblin. I like the widescreen format, as well as the extras included.
B003D5X3VM|5.0|Gregory Porter is an AMAZING singer with a voice that covers you completely, dripping with every emotion you could imagine...pure heaven!Buy this cd , you will love it!
1904994679|5.0|I buy one of these books every year for my young granddaugher, who thoroughly enjoys it. She always gets excited upon seeing what it is.
B001VLXNLU|3.0|No spoilers, don't worry.<br /><br />First, this series is not for the young ones given the talk of sex only increases, quite quickly as the series continues.<br /><br />Second, traditionalists who cant get past newer vampire theories should walk away now.<br /><br />Third, it is written ...how do we say...with the teenie hoppers and their mindset in mind hut its quick and painless.<br /><br />If you want a series that keeps the action, silly and serious, going, has the impossible, contains love triangle or quadrangles...then this would be for you. I zoomed through all the books quickly and found myself annoyed with some of the...okay a lot of the repititon but still, I was entertained by a story about a girl...with and impossible life but oldness we can easily escape to.<br /><br />There are better books out there but this series is not albad. At least the her main squeeze doesn't sparkle or look constipated all the time?
159562015X|5.0|Excellent book!It has helped me to build upon my strengths to connect with my colleagues. Everyone should take time to identify their strengths to maximize effectiveness.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|What can I say, it's Michael!!  In my opinion, Michael has the capability of being as big a sensation as Sinatra.  This is a beautifully done collection of Christmas favorites.  It was on my Wish List, but I couldn't wait until Christmas to see if someone purchased it, and I'm so glad to have it beforehand.  If you love Michael (or even if you don't!), you will not be disappointed.
B0055SWM08|5.0|This deceptively simple game will keep you entranced. I found myself working through the moves even when I wasn't actually playing.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|I've been reading Stephen King since his first books in the 1970s and I have read and enjoyed most of them. Although this book is a departure from his typical horror/monster/post-apocalyptic style it is, in my opinion, his finest work. King takes us on a journey to the past in order to try to change history and does so with a style and flair that is gripping, interesting and full of nostalgia and insight. In this massive \\"what if\\" story King leaves no stone unturned and no contingency unanswered that could blow holes in the plot - he thinks of everything! The way he develops characters and then intertwines their complex stories while keeping everything in order is nothing short of amazing. By the end of the story I felt as if I had been living with these characters for a while and could really sympathize with them. As far as the ending is concerned, it was really satisfying as opposed to some of his other works, like Under The Dome. I thoroughly enjoyed reading Under The Dome but the ending left a lot to be desired. When I finished reading the last words of 11/22/63 I found myself feeling completely satisfied but also wishing the story was longer, after all sometimes the journey is the fun part, not just the destination.
B005DZMODI|5.0|I enjoyed this music so much that I sent copies to 3 of my family members.  I am a lifetime Eric Clapton fan - and have really learned to enjoy the Marsalis family since moving to New Orleans.  This is wonderful!
B0051GOB26|5.0|Talk about the greatest movies ever!! I have watched it every deployment now to keep me sane! Buy this movie and you wont regret it!
B005IS564E|5.0|i want to say thank you, it took along time just to get it but it was worth it. but i have to say that this album isnt as good as the other two albums.
B005TPCQ5I|5.0|This movie was really good. It kept you guessing and had a good ending. I liked how it was kind of a timeline of their relationship. Hathaway was amazing in this movie. I loved that it was set in England. Definitely worth buying. Hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
0525423656|3.0|While I thoroughly enjoyed Matched the first book in the series I found Crossed pretty disappointing.  I gave it 3 Stars because I still liked the main characters and will read the third and final book in this saga, but the story and romance really sagged throughout this latest Crossed.<br /><br />If I didn't think I would continue I would have given it a 2 Star.  I hope Ms. Condie pulls it together in the final book and brings back what was great about Matched.  I particularly like Xander and hope he is who she finally ends up with because Ky is just not doing it for me and his insecurities are starting to bug me.  Xander however has the spark, loyalty and conviction of a great leading man.<br /><br />PG13<br />YA Crossover
B003ZSJ212|4.0|Despite the negative reviews for Lucas modifying the original story, the quality of the movies was great and seeing these classics on Blu Ray was long overdue!
B000002LAC|5.0|These girls are great artists. Highly recommend this particular album to all country music fans. Love the harmony. These girls can sing!
B0063IH60K|5.0|When there's nothing else to pass the time this game its perfect! The menu is simple and fast nothing that doesn't need to be there to confuse and/or distract from the game. Its just enough to get you by...simple!
B005V1WVPA|5.0|hardcore thechno   mixed with rock  THE BEST EVEER  kORN OUT DID THEM SELFS FOR US FANS  THEY DO IT ALL FOR US   THE CHILDREN OF THE KORN WILL RISE AND LIVE FOREVER  WE ARE THE IMMORTAL ONES   J.D IS OUR FATHER AND GUIDE
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|I was waiting to read the book but I was surprised when my partner ordered this movie for me! This movie will definitely make you laugh and cry. It is well written, I was skeptical at first but thank goodness I was wrong. The way they did the scenery, gave each character depth, made it comical AND dramatic...is beyond words. This is one movie that made me want to read the book even more! Beautiful.
B000LB7G00|5.0|What words can describe this incredible little device?  Amazing?  Revolutionary? An object of desire?  At work, we started an initiative to do conceptual designs of spaces in-house using (for now at least) SketchUp.  A mouse can be incredibly tedious for moving around in 3D space.  This space navigator makes moving the model around incredibly easy, and it saves SO MUCH time and frustration.  I was able to move the model around, and sketch at the same time- an impossibility with just the mouse unless you are a ninja with keyboard shortcuts, and even then not all the functions have a shortcut.  I can't recommend this device highly enough- it's solid, sensitive, sturdy, and saves a huge amount of time.  For ~$90, it's a steal.
B004LWZVZC|5.0|Excellent!  Arrived in Excellent condition.  As for the movie; it does not take into the all of the facts of the movie.  A book was written by one of the witnesses that proves she was guilty and should have been hung.
B003008RWA|5.0|Many of us seek documentaries in search of wisdom. That is to say, we want to know more about the world around us. Subjects of politics, of nature, of religion, of history, of science, of health demand the attention of the best of society. Here, we find a beautifully made documentary filled with hope, concern, anger, and, at points, laughter. The insights granted by this documentary are very different from most documentaries I've analyzed. Here, we have a clear cut case that everyone, in some way, can attest to. A subject so profound but so guarded. There are no conspiracies here, just experiences. Believe me, this documentary is wealth worth your time.
B003K1EYM6|5.0|This is a great accessory for those who like photography. I used my iPad to see the photos I took during my last trip. The seller delivered on time.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I couldn't put this book down.  I wanted to get it read before the movie came out.  Then I bought the next two in the series.
B0064NTZJO|5.0|If you haven't seen this film, stop reading this right now and order it if you are a fan of films like Heat, Unforgiven, Miller's Crossing, or No Country for Old Men. Without going into details about the plot or characters, I will simply say that this film struck me like a thunderbolt with its eerily beautiful camera work, subtly genius performances, and profound explorations of human nature and the perils of loving someone. I had never seen Gosling in anything else and his performance was as close to perfection as I've ever seen from a young actor. Do yourself a favor - just buy this bad boy, put it on, and immerse yourself in it. You will thank me when the credits roll.
B005V4FJC4|5.0|This is a great Christmas CD.  Maybe it helps that I was already a fan, but my husband wasn't and he likes it too.  My son in California also bought it and it is his favorite Christmas CD.
B001UV4XIS|5.0|We have enjoyed the series wish they would have followed the book ending a little closer.  Still it was a good ending
0811869261|5.0|Larger than I expected the pages are shiny and seem durable, the best part is that the stickers are replaceable, pages are very colorful and busy.
B004RJMUJO|5.0|Fruit Ninja rocks! Talk about a slashing good time! Try it, you won't put it down... til you gotta get back to work that is! I'm not a dev, sorry h8ers! (haha) Justa guy who sometimes has time to kill with his Android Incredible 2 by HTC... and when I'm killing time, I'm killin fruit! w0rd
B005JLN9Z8|4.0|\\"Balls Out\\" is the second brand new album American glam metal revivalists \\"Steel Panther\\". It has been two years since their 2009 debut \\"Feel the Steel\\" and \\"Steel Panther\\" have developed into an international sensation is such markets as the United Kingdom and Japan beyond their home country.<br /><br />\\"Steel Panther\\"s orientation on \\"Balls Out\\" is not dissimilar to that of their debut; totally uncensored lyrics delivering stories of rock stardom in the most sarcastic and enjoyable way possible. So fans that enjoyed the themes and attitude of their debut can not possibly go wrong with \\"Balls Out\\".<br /><br />Music wise, \\"Balls Out\\" is built substantially on riffs and grooves whereas \\"Feel the Steel\\" was mostly based on melodies. A good indicator of the above is the fact that keyboards have been reduced; hence the album is a guitar-bass-drums-vocals combo. Never the less, the album features a few melody-driven songs in \\"Just like Tiger Woods\\", \\"Critter\\", \\"Tomorrow night\\" and \\"That's what girls are for\\".<br /><br />To their credit all four Panthers prove authorities in their respective instruments while one has to also acknowledge that \\"Balls Out\\" is as complete a glam metal album as it gets featuring a total of 14 tracks including their two singles \\"Seventeen girls in a row\\" and \\"If you really really love me\\".<br /><br />Conclusively you have to be a fan of \\"Steel Panther\\" to enjoy \\"Balls Out\\". It really provides no evidence of the band slowing down, once again delivering the same brand of uncompromising, shameless glam metal.
B002ZG98FU|3.0|\\"Morning Glory\\" is nothing new...it's sort of a modern day \\"Horatio Alger\\" story in that its heroine makes good by sheer pluck and spunk.  Rachel McAdams does a good job playing that character and veteran stars Harrison Ford and Diane Keaton do a fine job backing her up as the anchors on the morning show Adams is the executive producer for.  Ford plays against type by being a dour, \\"serious news anchor\\" who McAdams corrals into the show.  It's also nice to see that Jeff Goldblume is still working (in the role of McAdams' boss).<br /><br />This being said...it's entirely predictable in terms of plot and ultimate outcome with one minor exception.<br /><br />&lt;spoilers><br /><br />The thing that I got confused by was the climactic moment where Harrison Ford's character makes a grand gesture of urging McAdams to stay with the show instead of going to \\"Good Morning, America.\\"  The way that she reacted to that gesture by running back to the studio (with the camera focusing on her legs in a rather suggestive way) almost conveyed the impression that she was in love with Ford's character romantically instead of sort of like a grumpy father figure.<br /><br />Fortunately, the movie didn't end with her falling into Ford's arms (which would have been a bit ludicrous given the age disparity) but the movie conveyed that impression that it might happen with the way it staged that last scene.<br /><br />&lt;end spoilers><br /><br />See it for Rachel McAdams (who is very pretty and delightful) and for Harrison Ford playing someone who did not always come across as a sympathetic character.
B0041KKYBA|3.0|This is a Communist hit job on Free Enterprise! It is a perfect example of a \\"Useful Idiot\\" who narrates a documentary that actually allows Barney Frank talk as if he new about the problem when in fact Barney was part of the problem that created the housing crisis. Barney Frank is on record stating that there was no problem before the fall of 2008. This is all about Regulation is Good and Deregulation is bad. There is so much regulation now that business is fearful of growing. Notice how it is terrible that someone makes more than another. Notice jobs went overseas, however it is not mentioned that regulation and over taxation is the cause. Notice that in the end the \\"Useful Idiot\\" states that the ones who caused the problem are still in power and that has to change. Change to what? One hundred dollars says the \\"Useful Idiots\\" who put this together favor more socialism than we already have!
B000GH2YPG|5.0|I recently convinced my 15 year old daughter that this was something she needed to read.  She loved it - couldn't put it down!  Daphne du Maurier is just as relevant today as always.  Just trying to decided what to recommend next - My cousin Rachel or Jamaica Inn.  Of course even they won't stand up to Rebecca!
B001229W22|5.0|What more can you say about this? It's the greatest metal album of all time.  Whatever Metallica has become today, there's no denying the legacy of this recording.
B000FBGBPC|3.0|Overall the product was great,but it was titled \\"like new\\" and it wasn't the CD case was broke so when I opened it the front would come off,and the CD itself had a huge ring around it. it should have been titled \\"Good\\".
B005H0IW6W|2.0|Michael Buble has sold out. You will not find the tight Big Band sounds and the \\"rat pack\\" style here.  Michael has put together a corny collection of songs and stylings that you can listen to for free on all-Christmas music stations. When Michael first started out, he professed a profound love for the jazzy style of Frank and gang.  Now he is doing more \\"pop\\" stuff. \\"Santa baby?\\"  Cmon now, MIchael, leave that to Eartha Kitt and Madonna.  Not only that, he put \\"Ave Maria\\" on this Cd.  Michael - you can't sing that in your poppy, twangy style - leave that stuff for the likes of Josh Groban.  You used to get that - remember  when you so playfully had Josh on your first DVD concert and you each acknowledged what you could and could not sing?  I have been a long time fan of Michael Buble, but if he continues along this vein I will no longer attend his concerts or purchase his music.  Maybe when the honeymoon stage is over with his new wife he will get back to sing true jazz style and add some scat- which he does so well.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|I'm not sure there's anything more to add to this that hasn't been said.  A low-budget production by a great writer/director, excellently cast. I haven't talked to anyone who hasn't loved it.  It's short and sweet, and I never get tired of it.
B005SV9X22|5.0|THIS SHOW IS BREATHTAKING. I LAUGHED, SANG AND CRIED. IT WAS MORE THAN I COULD HAVE HOPED FOR. BEST CONCERT EVER! LOVE YA GAGA!   LIL' MONSTER J
B005J29HCQ|5.0|Well, here we have it, only forty five years past the release date. The official Smile album--with bonuses for modern CD packaging. What wonderful music to hear for any listener of taste.<br /><br />Here is the quick story of Smile. Rock was evolving by the month in 1966 as the Beatles began proving rock was not \\"race music,\\" but a comprehensive vessel that could host ANY musical strain. The fab four set the bar high, and equally gifted artists like Brian Wilson wanted to grab if not jump over the great Beatles rock mandate. With the quantum musical gambit [[ASIN:B0025KVLTC Revolver]] issued, and Spector Stax And Motown booming and Hendrix and west coast bands not far behind, it was time for Wilson to make another masterpiece after [[ASIN:B00005ASHM Pet Sounds]]+<br /><br />But the Beatles were four strong individuals. Wilson was a sensitive genius crushed under a conservative band. He was dealing with the beginnings of mental illness, fueled by gobbling LSD. These were the times, Wilson one of the casualties.  He began work on Smile as the fabs did [[ASIN:B0025KVLTM Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band]], working with Van Dyke Parks. But the Beach Boys hated the music, and Wilson couldn't make the fragments cohere into an album. \\"We were really getting into bags that were not meant for vocals,\\" he later said. He abandoned Smile as an album, though fragments showed up later on albums like [[ASIN:B000002TRD 20/20]].<br /><br />The Beach Boys did not go to Montery Pop, the changing of the musical guard, where Jimi Hendrix said \\"You'll never hear surf music again.\\"<br /><br />Hendrix might have been wrong had Brian chosen to issue this wonderful music: an artsy gestault of Gershwin influences, candy coated psychedelic weirdness and beautiful baroque pop. An Americana cartoon carnival-a curious project to choose with a counterculture insurrection about to begin.<br /><br />We'll never know if Brain had the American Sgt Pepper on his hands, as this music is now issued so far out of context. But great music work's in and out of its times, and the music on this set assuredly meets that criteria. In 1967 this may have been the trump card to bring the Beach Boys into the post pepper era, or a lost art project, who knows.<br /><br />Buy the set? Well, most hardcore Beach Boy fans or Smile cultists have probably heard this material on countless bootlegs, and Wilson redid it in 2004 on his [[ASIN:B0002LI11M Smile]]. The set here has come about twenty years too late to be a definitive statement, but that might be a good thing. No music could adhere to a forty five year old myth, and the rock world that Smile would have competed in is as old as the Edsel.<br /><br />But on strictly musical terms, for new comers to the great Smile myth or lover of great music, here it is, maybe the last great footnote to the rock era.<br /><br />Yeah. Get it. Smile. Brian would have you do nothing else.n and out of its times, and the music on this set assuredly meets that criteria. In 1967 this may have been the trump card to bring the Beach Boys into the post pepper era, or a lost art project, who knows.  Buy the set? Well, most hardcore Beach Boy fans or Smile cultists have probably heard this material on countless bootlegs, and Wilson redid it in 2004 on his [[ASIN:B0002LI11M Smile]]. The set here has come about twenty years too late to be a definitive statement, but that might be a good thing. No music could adhere to a forty five year old myth, and the rock world that Smile would have competed in is as old as the Edsel.   But on strictly musical terms, for new comers to the great Smile myth or lover of great music, here it is, maybe the last great footnote to the rock era.   Yeah. Get it. Smile. Brian would have you do nothing else.
B003YCIE68|5.0|have always loved this movie. it was sent to me in great condition and i received it in 2 days! great service and price.
B001R60ESE|5.0|Consider this:  Tickets to this performance were probably not inexpensive: $100-200 would be my guess.    This Blu Ray disk gives you the best possible seat in the house and the DolbyHD sound is so amazing and mixed so well you really feel like you are there. With that in mind the cost of admission for this best seat in the house for me and a group of my friends is a grand total of less than $25, and I can watch it again and again.   To say this Blu Ray is the deal of the century is an understatement.  The video is amazing.  The sound is superbly done.  The performance of Botti and all his guest are amazing.  Someone complained that all the talk between songs destroyed the flow of the film.  But I found Botti to be an articulate speaker who gave vital information to preface each song and add meaning to what was coming next.  Each little speech was short and to the point.   While it would have been nice to be there live and experience this show with others as it happened, I am so thankful for the state of technology where watching this show on a TV can be as amazing as it is. I cannot recommend this Blu Ray enough. Ten Stars Please!
B005HSL626|5.0|Good game, not a big fan of the music, but I really enjoy this game a lot.  Lots of slicing and dicing!  Very different game than I'm used to though once I got into it became very addicted...
B003L77GGK|5.0|Supernatural is a great series in general - one of the best written shows on TV.  That being said, I'm pretty sure the original intention of the show was to end at the finale of season 5.  They'd decided to continue the story on, and this is why I think this season takes a few more episode than normal to bring you in.  I will say most of my friends who were fans had some issue staying with the series through this build-up (even I started having a doubt or two) but when you see where the story is going and the truths behind what's going on come out, you'll be glad you stuck with it. The slow build had everything to do with a big story payoff and nothing to do with poor writing or plotting.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I do everything through Evernote. I keep recipes, to-do items, pictures of handwritten notes, sometimes I snap pics of people to remember their names. So helpful.
1856697525|5.0|Anyone could tell me what's the issue that has made Amazon put this book under review and suspend temporarily its selling it?
B001U887OC|4.0|I love crocs and I returned these because they were too big. I am an in-between size. There was nothing wrong with the Crocs. I will buy Crocs again.
B000UX6THK|5.0|What a blast from the past!!!  I only caught a few episodes when Twin Peaks was a network series.  It is amazing how innovative this show was.  It is a serious blast watching it and catching ALL the action!  I reccommend this to anyone.
1400079276|3.0|This is neither an easy nor a comfortable book, but it is worthwhile. The style is incredibly artful: it is a book whose plot gallops along, yet the narrative trickles so slowly and at such an even pace that at times it was difficult to persist with. And if you think those two things sound contradictory, you've got a hell of a ride ahead of you. I really can't make up my mind about it, but I'm still thinking about it, and I believe that's the mark of a good book.   Kafka on the Shore is full of existential musings about whether it's possible to be the master of your own fate, centered on a re-imagining of Oedipus Rex. It's also about isolation, and and about whether you disown or are disowned by the human race. The plot itself progressively entices the reader to suspend more and more disbelief, starting slowly, then adding one strange thing after another until it's really turned into quite a different book to the one you started reading. I am still struggling with the author's intent when it comes to so regularly upending the world he created. He includes an interesting passage discussing the use of such devices, quoting Chekhov's famous advice that a gun seen on the table in Act 1 of a play should eventually be fired. Yet when it starts raining fish in this book, the characters suggest and then laugh off the idea that such strange things could be some kind of metaphor. Reading that, I felt like I was the fish, and hooked squarely on the author's line. That feeling didn't leave me for the rest of the book.   It was worth reading, and I'm still thinking about it.
B004DI7HZ6|5.0|Fresh, delightfully historical, and a sensory overload for the imagination! Loved it! I couldn't put it down! I'm very excited and anxious to read the next book and adventures of Matthew and Diana!
B004VMVTNU|4.0|Very reliable app and has cool features. I love the huge snooze button. It would be nice if it is prettier than this. So 1star less for lack of design, but it's a full featured app ;)
B005GP7F8Y|5.0|Edge of your seat action all the way through. It's the kind of film that you think about for several days after you see it!  The beautiful scenery along the California coast was worth the price of the movie.  The love story was as intense as the action.  Brando was perfection!  We thought the Blu-Ray disc was fine and had no trouble with it.  All we had to do was change language from German to English and that was simple. We are so glad we did not listen to a few bad reviews and miss out on this gem! Bottom line  \\"We Loved It\\"
B001UV4XJ2|4.0|The was an excellent conclusion to the series.  Daniel and Emma did their best acting jobs (still not great, but much better), and the rest of the cast was really good.
B004XIQIPQ|5.0|I have been there fan since favorite worst nightmare and in my opinion its there finest work. Really mature stuff
B004EPYZPS|4.0|My family saw this movie at the theater and we just watched the DVD.  We enjoyed it both times.  My wife loves movies with child actors in it and said that this reminded her of \\"Stand by Me.\\"  I thought the kids did a good job of acting and the story line was pretty good.  The special effects were also good and Spielberg always makes a great movie.<br /><br />It was creative and interesting to watch but I did not give it 5 starts because the alien wasn't really seen until the end and only for a short period of time.  In the old movies they did this and kept the screen dark because the special effects were so bad. I always hated that! Today that is not necessary as special effects look so real and I think the movie would have been better with more scenes with the alien being shown.<br /><br />Overall it is a solid rank of 4 but it could have been a 5 with some script changes and more alien sightings.
B002VPE1WK|4.0|The brown box that this ships in it says right on the Amazon label \\"Backpack for Digital SLR Camera\\". Wife laughed as she now knows what I am getting her. Maybe I should have checked the \\"This is a gift.\\" box.
0525423656|5.0|I've been waiting, what seems, for so long for this book to come out.  I loved, loved, loved Matched when I read it, and was dying to read the sequel from the moment I finished the first one.  The wait has been agonizingly slow.  Sometimes a much anticipated sequel comes out and it fails to live up to your expectations. Not so with Crossed!<br /><br />I knew that this one was going to be somewhat different than the first because there was going to be a change in scenery.  Cassia and the other characters weren't going to be located in the burrough anymore, but were going to be off in strange territories in the Outer Provinces.  This could have changed the magic of the story, but it didn't.<br /><br />Cassia has one goal in mind, to find Ky.  The bravery she shows to slip aboard a ship that will remove her from what she's always known and send her out to a place she's never been, a complete unknown, was amazing. I loved to see this character grow and change even more.  The journey she's made from the beginning of Matched to this point in Crossed is amazing.  She started out being so enclosed, so trapped in her own head and within the society.  The cover of this book was a perfect, physical representation of what happens to Cassia on this journey, her breaking out of her bubble.<br /><br />Ky was just as phenomenal of a character to me as he was in Matched.  His quiet bravery, dignity and spirit are so endearing.  These two are magical together.  I found it very realistic that the two of them didn't have a perfect relationship, that there were issues that they had to overcome with each.  It made their journey together that much more realistic and valuable.<br /><br />On the horizon is Xander.  I can't wait to see what happens with this character.  I have a feeling he's about to play a major role, and that things between Xander, Cassia and Ky are about to get very shaken up.<br /><br />Aside from the awesomeness of the story and its characters, overlaying all that was Ally Condie's beautiful language.  She has a gorgeous writers voice.  There are passages in her writing that are simply poetic.  I am literally on the edge of my seat and already in agony waiting for the third book!!us writers voice.  There are passages in her writing that are simply poetic.  I am literally on the edge of my seat and already in agony waiting for the third book!!
B000HEVALC|3.0|Three stars for sound quality, five stars for historical accuracy!    Although this version is historically accurate, as far as the sequence of songs/events goes, the sound quality is terrible, it is way too low and for a remastered recording, there is no good excuse for such poor sound quality!  The sound quality is much better on the original 1990 release of this event, [[ASIN:B000002W2G Million Dollar Quartet]] although the songs are not in their original sequence and a few are missing:  1. Instrumental  2. Love Me Tender [Instrumental]  3. Jingle Bells [Instrumental]  4. White Christmas [Instrumental]  5. Reconsider Baby  39. Black Bottom Stomp [Instrumental]  Most of the missing tracks are instrumentals, except for Reconsider Baby, which was already previously released on [[ASIN:B000002WMH The King of Rock 'n' Roll: The Complete 50's Masters]] so if your looking for better sound quality and don't care about sequencing or instrumental tracks, find a copy of the original 1990 version, but if you are looking for historical accuracy and don't mind cranking up your stereo in order to hear it at a decent volume level, then buy this updated version.  If you're not sure which version to get, you can always do like I did and buy both versions, so you can have the best of both worlds!
B005V2EVBQ|2.0|[[ASIN:B005V2EVBQ Kindle Fire Lightweight MicroShell Folio Cover by Marware, Black]]I'm about to buy 2 Kindle Fires for Christmas but will wait to buy a cover hoping that Amazon or someone else might come out with a niftier cover, more like the one that the ipad has to offer.  Personally, I don't like the idea of the elastic band to hold it together... I think it will get caught up on other items in my bag and prevent it from sliding in and out of whatever I decide to carry it in effortlessly.  The elastic just doesn't blend in with this sleek design.  More colors, more designs, please.  M. Woodward  Maine
B001AVCFK6|3.0|12 REASONS WHY THE NEW STAR TREK MOVIE IS JUST LIKE STARS WARS<br /><br />Nothing new is in Hollywood. The old script writers for Star Wars rewrote their old script and changed the characters into our familiar Star Trek heroes. They used some lines from the original tv series, hired new actors, and recycled the old Star Wars script, and expected Science Fiction fans not to notice the difference.<br /><br />Cases in Point<br /><br />1.Light Sabers- Sulu's got one.<br /><br />2. Recycled Imperial Fleet uniforms, dye them red- Starfleet's got em.<br /><br />3. Cantina brawls- Iowa's got em.<br /><br />4. Blowing up a planet to torture someone who's watching- Got em.<br /><br />5. Marooned on Ice planet Hoth- Kirk's got it.<br /><br />6. Meeting an old Vulcan Master with pointed ears on an empty planet- Yoda? Nope-Kirk does it.<br /><br />7. Huge planet destroying ship that can be destroyed by one little ship? Yep, done that.<br /><br />8. Cute little Ewok alien with huge black eyes that can't speak Federation? Got one.<br /><br />9. Police in land speeders? Got em.<br /><br />10. Whiny droid?- name him McCoy3PO - Got one.<br /><br />11. Jim, I am your father, (whoops, should have put my transmission in neutral, not forward.)<br /><br />12. At the end of movie, everyone gets a huge promotion and a medal? Yup, done that, too.<br /><br />Got some of your own? Add Em here and forward it along!<br />Martha Cryptocat colhoun<br />Stardate 0516.09
B005NF2UE6|5.0|Nickleback has become my favorite band over the last 2 years.  I was born in the heart of rock and roll and I love the beat and heavy guitar of Nickleback.  This album is really tight and vocals range from rough to smooth when they need to be.<br /><br />This band continues to hit the mark every time they release a new album.  Their music makes me want to get up and move.  I love the way their songs tell a story or get an emotion across with the rhythm and vocals.  Their combination of themes about life, drinking, love and friendship are entertaining and fun to hear.  They are destined to continue becoming one of the top bands in the world!
B0063IH60K|5.0|easy to use app. very simple way to play solitaire. have tried others on my nook and these cards are the easiest to read
B004H1V5RU|5.0|We purchased this product based upon its description, and the fact that our grandson is in love with math and puzzles, and this seemed perfect for him. To our knowledge he is playing with it and finds it challenging.
098357670X|5.0|This has got to be the most informative caricature book in existence! The wording is discriptive and easy to understand and the illustrations are as beautiful as they are plentiful. I would highly recommend this book to anyone with an interest in improving  not just their understanding of how to draw carictures but their overall drawing abilities.
B000LE16VW|5.0|What a wonderful movie. All the actors are just great in their roles. Whoppi Goldberg shines as \\"Oda Mae Brown\\". Sad and so funny at times. Great DVD to own. Can be seen many times and still seems like the first time!
1451648537|5.0|It is not very often that you come across a book that gives you a whole understanding of  a man as opposed to just being  portrayed as an icon. Walter Isaacson's delivery of Steve Job's autobiography was mesmerizing, poignant and at times disconcerting but it succeeded in touching a readers inner core of understanding the man behind the legend. There was not a single page, a single paragraph, a single line nor a single word that you would want to miss while reading this book because it would have meant skipping a fragment of the life of a genius. Steve Jobs was ruthless, stubborn, opinionated, conniving, eccentric and brutal to say the least but with those same attributes, pure honesty, passion, tenacity, sensitivity, creativity and drive for perfectionism was just as embedded in this man. I have never seen honesty at it's rawness whether it be in his approach in business or his personal life. With that honesty,  APPLE was born. I never thought in my entire life that I would look at an electronic gadget and find a \\"soul\\" in it but after understanding the journey of APPLE and understanding what drove people behind APPLE. It gives me a whole new appreciation of it's beauty. I am not a book critic by any means but I am just compelled to write the emotions I feel after reading such a powerful book . The things I say here does not even  warrant the amount of respect I have here for Steve Job's legacy and work ethics. I believe he is one of the few lucky people here on earth that actually understood the meaning of ZEN.  I disagree with Walter Isaacson's view \\" Unfortunately his Zen training never produced in him a Zen-like calm or inner serenity and that too is part of his legacy...\\" I believe that he did. People around him just never fully understood how he found his own inner calm and serenity. He found self acceptance and he understood that by conforming to what  people expects of him, he will never own himself and be free. He is a man of control and the only way to fully embrace that is to live for yourself and  do what makes you happy. He found Zen through his works, great achievements, pushing people to be their best and in leaving an imprint in the world.
B004EPYZSK|4.0|This movie is fun entertainment.  It is an invasion of aliens into the Wild West with a good story line and out of this world special effects.  What else can you expect from the director of Iron Man and a movie starring Harrison Ford?<br /><br />Some scenes are a little hard to believe but it is entertaining and interesting at the same time.  Leave the logical side of your brain in park and let your imagination run wild.  You will enjoy this movie.<br /><br />The aliens are scary and the cowboys and Apache warriors have to team up against a common enemy. The battle scenes are gruesome and there is one nude scene (Olivia Wilde) in the movie so young children should not see this.  It is rated PG13.
B00656C6KK|5.0|Received it today and I've played it a few times already. I really enjoy it. I'm 43 years old, still love watching her movies and I really enjoy her voice. She sounds great. I know these were recorded in the 1980's, but even then she'd have been in her 60's and she still sounds like we all remember. It's nice to take a step back from the reality of life as we know it today and just listen to real singing. I hope others enjoy it as well.
030746363X|5.0|I love this book!  I am a workout fanatic but I'm in grad school and don't have time to spend hours in the gym, also have a dog and a house so my time is well used, so this book is amazing for my lifestyle!  I have the same body (even more defined) using the techniques in this book just as when I did the Insanity workout busting my butt for the 60 days.  Would recommend for everyone!
B000GCFY0I|5.0|For once on a book i am at a loss for words. The things many people want to critique i see as a central part of a story. Tally Youngblood is one of the most dynamic characters I have ever come across by the time you have finished you will have been on the most amazing emotional roller coaster of your life.I have read a lot of books and I doubt i will ever read a book with the level of character transformation as Tally. It has many deeply thought out questions that will make you view beauty in new way. and maybe make you truly appreciate every persons individual uniquesness. Because if the world was truly pretty would you be willing to lose everthing unique about yourself to be accepted? I think that is a question many ask themselves even today. We are so wiling to spend money on the hottest clothes to spend hours on hair and makeup just to make others happy but if that is not the true you will you ever be truly happy? there are many other questions series asks that many others need to ask themselves that i feel everyone should read this book.
0553801473|4.0|There are a lot of reviews about the book going nowhere. I disagree with those. The last portion of the book does indeed move the story forward in time a bit. And the overlap is necessary if you want to know, as I did, what happened with Jon Snow, Bran, Dany, and Tyrion. This book also brings us the return of Ser Jorah and the Onion Knight, as well as a VERY brief but very important return from Varys. This book also introduces some new characters readers will be surprised to learn about, and whose mere existence could severely alter the path to the Iron Throne. Those hoping to learn about Jamie's ride into the unknown with the Maid of Tarth will be disappointed, however.<br /><br />Readers will also be disappointed if they expected to finally see their least-loved queen's fate decided (though she is finally knocked down from her high-horse, with much effort), Dany moving herself and her dragons to the Westeros (although the dragons do a bit of moving that is exciting to read about), or for some reunion of any of the Stark/Snow children (or even of them learning about one another in any way). And, *SPOILER ALERT*, another child of Ned's is dead by the end of this book in a way that will likely leave your heart hurting. Theon's fate is uncovered in this book as well, and though gruesome his are still some of the more compelling chapters.<br /><br />This volume definitely leaves you hanging, as you might expect. Unfortunately we know that Mr. Martin is not a book-a-year sort of writer, so we may have to wait a very long time before the fate of the Iron Throne is decided. Still, it answered a lot of questions the last book may have given the reader and helps build towards what we can only assume is an eventual show-down for the ultimate girl-fight: Dany vs Cersei. Hopefully with the help of no one.<br /><br />I am eagerly awaiting \\"The Winds of Winter\\". This next volume has promised to cover all the characters with no split, as we saw with \\"A Feast for Crows\\" and \\"A Dance with Dragons\\". \\"Dragons\\" also marks the end of new-character POVs. The next book will cover only characters we have already heard from (aside from the prologue and epilogue).
B004EBUXSA|5.0|Honestly what more do I have to say ... that no one has seen... its good, overclocks pretty well (depends on your chip)...mine was really only able to hit 4.1 ghz stable. Iv seen others beast it, like my old amd 955 Black edition hit 4.6 ghz stable on air ( alot of it...sounded like a lawnmower at times )
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|This a the best notes tool I've seen. I've since deleted all others from my Fire. the only way it could be better is if it had a integreated planner/calendar.
B005XY67WI|5.0|Absolutely tremendous to see her live, her show is much better than her music videos. I got to see her live on this 'Sale El Sol' tour, so I was happy to compare the experience of my live show to this Bluray. The setlist is largely the same, although Shakira sings a lovely French song near the end to the Paris audience.   The only complaint I have would be of the video editor: He cuts scenes every 2 seconds like an MTV video, it's very distracting. What is so hard with keeping the camera on Shakira? Yes, I do like to see the band and backup singers, but he repeatedly cuts every 2 seconds to multiple angles of her singing as well. Save it for rock videos. This becomes very irksome during \\"Ojos Asi\\". DO NOT interrupt Shakira's belly dancing! Keep the freakin' camera on her!  This is inexcusable when you consider that they recorded every show she did during this tour. Would it have been that hard to offer multiple angles, like other Blurays and DVD concerts do? I would have loved to have an option where the camera just stays on her the whole show.   Other than that clueless editor, a tremendous concert where Shakira dances for the entire show. Unbelievable energy. Probably the most beautiful thing she has ever done is her cover of Metallica's \\"Nothing Else Matters\\", with an acoustic accompaniment. There are also great performances of \\"Why Wait\\" (should have been a single), Las De La Intuicion, and the Gypsy flamenco dance.   Shakira's band is top notch, just as great as I remembered them. Multiple sets of musicians keep up with Shakira as she switches from rock goddess to Colombian small town girl to techno diva to harmonica player. She speaks French fluently throughout the show, surprising the audience. That makes at least four languages she speaks (Spanish, English, Portuguese, and French). She also plays acoustic guitar. And writhes like a snake. And a zillion other abilities that are better than Riverdance and Cirque Du Soleil put together.   Buy it!
B004SDSSFY|1.0|Really an outdated app if you're looking for something to work with current Word documents.  Does not support docx format.  Also does not see items in a text box within a document.  Needs to be brought up to speed.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|The Hunger Games is one of the best books I have ever read. period. It has a mixture of everthing so everyone who reads this will love at least something in it. I have read my fair share of dystopians but this book is the absolute best. the action is amazing! Though at times somewhat cring-worthy. The romance is somewhat of love triangle of course and i personally am somewhat sick of love triangles but this was done well and was beleivable. Trust me this was not Twilight people. The writing flowed and was completly flawless while the characters were colorfully and well developed. The only half flaw i can possibly find is they spent too much time mentoring and in front the cameras when i wanted them in the game but the reason i say it is a half-flaws is because this gave us the chance too love and know the other characters and for me this time was utilized well to give us clear picture of their world. I loved it! and would recomend reading it to everyone i know! Fair warning you better be able to devote a day or two to reading this because you wont be able to put it down! May the odds be ever in your favor! and happy Hunger Games!
B004EPYZPI|5.0|This is a fabulous movie.  If you watch it twice you pick up much more information that is easily missed.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|How old is Buble, really? I thought I was listening to Bing Crosby or one of the other wonderful singers from 50 years ago. The incredible thing is, my grandkids like this album, too. Maybe there is hope.
1419702238|5.0|The book is brand new and in perfect condition.  Would purchase from here again.  Child will love this book.  Great gift for a child.
B0006JGFNQ|1.0|The one I received sings but does not move.  I am having to return it, wondering if I should reorder or just forget it.....
B004ZG5EYC|5.0|I am a typical guy-movie guy. I love to see things blow up, bad kung-fu, random shots of cleavage, etc. And I would NEVER pick up a French movie on my own. NEVER. Somehow, this movie shows up on my list of Netflix recommendations. They knew that I cry during Disney movies and try to hide it from my wife and kids. This movie made me cry, but I was crying because I was so happy, and this movie is beautiful, just unbelievably beautiful. This movie is about creating joy in the life of others, as well as in your own life. But not the kind of joy that comes from instant gratification. Its the kind of joy that takes days, weeks, and months to develop. In fact, this movie is really about delayed gratification of a kind so profound that it happens as a complete surprize when it finally arrives. The direction is wonderful and quirky. The acting is superb, and the musical score is also unique and fitting. If you've ever wondered about how to make a difference in your life or the life of others without being a CEO or a Senator, this is your movie. ENJOY!
B003O86FMW|3.0|As one of the biggest fans of the Hunger Games. Cathing Fire is not anywhere near as good as the first of course this is the middle book in trilogy if you like to read you know what that means. but if you read the first book I am not sure why you are reading this review anyway because you are most likely already hopelessly addicted and will buy it even if I gave it a one star review. and if you havent read the first one i recomend you do that. NOW! otherwise you will be hopelessly lost throughout this one anyway. on to the actual reveiw<br /><br />The Hunger games is one of the best series i have ever read it right up there with Harry Potter though I suspect it will be a very long before anything beats harry potter for me so if it even comes close that is very high recomandation from me. The story takes up a month or 2 after The Hunger Games. the eponmyous love triangle is still being continued but I still beleve this one of the better love triangles i have ever read it does not have a whiny self-absorbed main protoganist *cough Twilight *cough who can only contemplate which guy she wants because katniss has her own mind and really doesnt want to get married or have children. Though in this she seems a bit more fragile the strong willed girl in the first one but thats the brilliance of Suzanne Collins writing because if she wasnt a bit broken after every thing she went though in the first it wouldnt be as beleivable. the main problem I had in this book is similar to the one i had with the fist one. except on this one the time wasnt as well utilized for character and scene development it somewhat felt sluggish and dragging. it felt like the author somehow needed the characters to get from point A to point B and wasnt sure how to do that without copying the first one. there was too much time spent on touring the country, her feelings between peeta and gale, and pre-hunger games (we all knew they were going back in the arena somehow) while I personally thought there was potential character development opportunities missed such as Prim i really wanted to get know her little sister whom she was willing to give her life for a little better. and at times the humor was a little dry. I know i sound picky but after the brilliance of The Hunger Games i expected better from you miss Collins instead of the average chugging along of the middle book. overall as i said before if you read the first you will undoubtly read this book no matter what I say but dont expect anyhing as amazing and fresh as the first book just the average good book.s potential character development opportunities missed such as Prim i really wanted to get know her little sister whom she was willing to give her life for a little better. and at times the humor was a little dry. I know i sound picky but after the brilliance of The Hunger Games i expected better from you miss Collins instead of the average chugging along of the middle book. overall as i said before if you read the first you will undoubtly read this book no matter what I say but dont expect anyhing as amazing and fresh as the first book just the average good book.
B00003CXRM|5.0|My life partner had never seen the movie.  I had seen in - like - 5-6 times; and, each time, laughed my head off!  My partner loved it; and, finally found out where I got my \\"I've counted to three - it's done - no further discussion.\\" LOL  I do business with this Amazon link frequently.  Always excellent shipping, great products and honest \\"return policy\\".  Will be back for more!
B005UG542S|5.0|After watching all of the movies I was kinda of sad for the ending and also the large amount of casualties in this movie. Since I didn't read the books beforehand I didn't compare them, cause nothing would every be close to your own imagination.  They didn't disappoint me. I was so sad to see them grow up and move on with their own families. Loved it but the movie was so dark and sad.
B002H3EUA4|5.0|Every year since the movie was released on VHS and on TV we've always watched National Lampoons Christmas Vacation!! Have to say, Christmas isn't complete unless I've watched the movie!!!
0395645662|5.0|I didn't read Young Adult Literature when I was a young adult. For years I didn't know I had missed anything. What I realize now is that I lacked the adult that could steer me toward enjoyable but well written and thought provoking novels for young adults. My English teacher was busy pushing the classics and I can't fault her for that. The school librarian was more of a multi-media manager and while I liked him and spent hours in the library, I can't remember him ever suggesting a book. My parents weren't big readers at the time and my \\"adult friend/mentor\\" was letting me borrow her Jack Weyland novels.<br /><br />This is what I regret now as I discover amazingly well written Young Adult novels such as The Giver by Lois Lowry (I do remember reading her Anastasia books). During a conversation with a friend last week who had borrowed and read my copies of the Hunger Games trilogy, she asked if I had ever read The Giver. I had not. Neal is assigned to read Lowry's novel Number the Stars this month for school, so while I was buying it, I added The Giver to the order.<br /><br />The Giver is a dystopian novel. Published in 1993, it predates the current popular dystopian novels and it is obvious that it inspired at least a few of them. Living in a \\"utopian\\" society, Jonas and all the other twelve year old children are given their work assignments at a ceremony. Surprisingly, Jonas's assignment is a great and rare honor. He will be the new Receiver of Memories. The former Receiver becomes The Giver as he transfers all the memories to Jonas.<br /><br />The Giver is cerebral. It has depth and symbolism and irony and wit and could have inspired a very interesting discussion in my high school English class (I graduated in 1993, so I would have missed it even if my teacher had included Young Adult lit in her curriculum). It is a beautiful novel--one that I will suggest to all the young and old adults within my meager influence.
B000GFLKF8|5.0|Screenwriter Russel Gewirtz is an original artist.  So, you see, it's not up to him to tell us that his story, \\"Inside Man\\", is schooled by over 600 years of Chaucer-on-his-way-to-Canterbury.  He's right to leave such correlations to students of literature.    The reason that so many reviewers get lost in the film's last few minutes is that they are so sold on their just having seen a really good bank heist film that there's no room for two or more gang members using the heist for vigilante justice.    In those last few minutes, Clive Owen's character (heist leader, Dalton Russell) has handed off the prize of the heist--the Cartier diamond, war crimes ring--to a very sharp detective-cop (Denzel Washington).  In the proverbial back seat, the Rabbi gang member is devastated.  The ring was to have come to him so that a Fortune-500 war criminal could get his justice at Jewish hands revenging the Jewish Holocaust.  After all, it was surely his Shoah network that provided the inside information on war criminal Arthur Case, his 1948-built bank, and his Safe Deposit Box 392--in which the Cartier ring and 11 bags of loose diamonds lay waiting.    Dalton Russell seemingly knows intuitively--after sounding out the cop thoroughly--that when Russell directs the cop to 'Follow The Ring', there'll be no rest for the cop until knowledge of the war crimes has ruined Arthur Case.  How much, the cop asks the war criminal, will all those people approve of you when they know the truth behind this ring?    Clearly, in Dalton Russell's (fictious) mind, the cop's path to \\"Murder will out\\" will be superior to the Rabbi's path.    The Chaucerian tale has one overarching requirement.  It must be told successfully from multiple perspectives.  The listener-reader-viewer must see distinctly the many perspectives that are at work in the telling of the tale.  Such perception is only available when the perspective is true to the teller's character.  Any out-of-character stretch and the perspectivefalls flat.    Such artistry cannot be done--in literature--with flat, two-dimensional, stereotypical characters.  It only happens in stories such as \\"Inside Man\\" because of the author's rich, clarity producing characters.  Gewirtz produces the characters who stay inside themselves and tell a hellava tale in the offing.    As near as I can determine, Russell Gewirtz is not a Chaucerian scholar--legal scholar yes, Chaucerian scholar no.  He probably does not intend for his Vigilante's Tale to take a hallowed place on the list that includes \\"The Knight's Tale\\", \\"Friar's Tale\\", \\"Summoner's Tale\\", or \\"The Pardoner's Tale\\"--just to mention a few.  From a 2006 interview done by Angela Cranon, Gewirtz is simply driven by originality.    However, in this modern day's Black Plague of corporate greed and political corruption driving many vigilante pilgrims on a journey to Cantebury-on-the-Guillotine, there's more than enough reason to honor Gewirtz'\\"Inside Man\\" as \\"The Vigilante's Tale\\".  The class warfare of covering the war criminals' retreat from the Holocaust--their getting help simply because they are the monied elite class standing against the unwashed--should be covered early in this Canteburian journey.  \\"The Vatican Ratlines to benefit the murderous front line of the Fortune 500 is compassionate and praiseworthy, so nobody is guilty\\" is sophistic hogwash.  Too many of the murderous war-crimes guilty were rewarded with cushy, retribution-free lives.    Will modern-day corporate greed and political corruption convince the unwashed that the superrich and their puppet  governments--who do not enforce laws against cronnies, who in fact break laws; who do not protect citizen rights aganst cronnies, who in fact violate citizen rights-- should be taken all the way to the next revolution's guillotine?  While the journey is still being traveled, we should be alive to the many more good vigilante tales.  Filmmakers are immitating life across the spectrum of vigilante nuances, while shrouding the vigilante content with marketing department, action-thriller hype.  \\"Inside Man\\" is hyped as \\"A heist thriller like you've never seen\\" and as \\"A cool, captivating cat-and-mouse game\\".  It's an \\"intensive and explosive crime thriller\\", a \\"perfect bank robbery\\", and the Wall Street Journal--with skeletons to keep buried--calls it \\"a heist film that's right on the money\\".  Nobody from marketing or Corporatism wants to point out the vigilante content.  The word, 'vigilante', is absent from all the hype.     Artists such as Russell Gewirtz can not only illuminate our way, they might very well help us to moderate the coming revolution into something more legal, more reasonable, and less bloody.  We might not have to snap, as the French did in the late 1780s, when we suddenly realize that the unwashed are the only producers of the real wealth being massively stolen by the monied elites.    From the large number of reviewers who were confused by the ending of \\"Inside Man\\", it's fair to conclude that we need lots of pre-revolution illumination and moderation.    Orchids and Onions to some of the players.        Clive Owen is Dalton Russell and is PERFECT.    Denzel Washington owns the role of Det. Keith Frazier.  Role ownership seems to be one of Washington's favorite things.    Chiwetel Ejiofor is Frazier's partner, Det. Bill Mitchel.  He plays his own man and should have been showered in Best Supporting awards.    Jodie Foster walked into a brilliantly written role for the power-broker, Madeline White, and turned it into some sort of unreal stump--with her incessant over-grinning and over-wide-smiling.  Did she think it made her character more menancing?  Kicked me out ot the story almost every time she appeared.  I'm happy with her career's success.  She deserves it.  But this performance was down under the toilet's rim.    Christopher Plummer is super-smooth, Chairman-of-the-Board Arthur Case.  He's the haunted BG war criminal, trying to cover up the help that he did not give to wealthy Jewish banking friends who were crushed lifeless in Nazi camps--because the Nazis paid him too well.  He's PERFECT.       Willem Dafoe is police Capt. John Darius and is PERFECT.  Big spectrum of command and perception.    The contributing minor characters, all of them full-tail after even a few spoken sentences, are too many to list here.  They're all what it takes to tell the Chaucerian Tale from multiple perspectives.  Right down to the hair-splitting squabble between techies and cops in the Command RV, this Tale gets told from multiple solid realities in the fiction.    Bravo, Russell Gewirtz, for the wicked good writing.  Bravo to most of the players for taking it up to the next level.    Director?  Directors are just there to mastermind camera-sound work and to weed the patch, to keep the right plants growing free.  Spike Lee did his job well, but let's not get too carried away by Directors.  (Admittedly, I did laugh at his choice of American Indian tom-tom music as the cops first sealed up the perimeter around the bank.  And near the end, when the gang is driving everybody out onto the street, the echoing trumpets of Patton's reincarnated self looking out over the North African desert, where he'd fought thousands of years before, is a howler.  Deja vu all over again.  Good job.)    BTW, the reviewers who think this is a great bank heist film are full of beans.  Legal centerpiece of the story is the kidnapping of 20-30 people--a capital offense.  When Dalton Russell dropped the diamond into Detective Frazier's pocket, he tipped off the plan.  Frazier could be expected to fess up, turn in the diamond, and crawl through the bank's nooks and crannies until he found the hiding place.  Russell is shown not wearing gloves in the hiding place, or when he crawled out.  His prints--and probably DNA--would've been all over the place.  This year or next, or ten years on, he would've been run down like a dog.  Good guys win.  Bad guys lose.  Even if Frazier is the sort to turn inbetweener, to keep the diamond, and to keep his mouth shut, it's still a surprising storyline hole, coming from legal scholar Gewirtz.    --spib, 09 Dec 2011.
B003XF1XOQ|2.0|Oh Mrs. Collins where to begin, where to begin! I want to know what happened to the characters that were in The Hunger Games!! I also want know what happened to the characters whose actions made sense!! As one of the hugest fans of the first 2 i found this one as an utter disapointment!! It felt when i read it as if you were pressured into writing this quickly and how the publishers wanted. i know as an avid book reader if you are reading this review you are already this far in the series and are going buy this book because you to know the riviting conclusion to the epic Hunger Games trilogy but fair warning the only thing special about it is how annoying the characters tend to be in this ending. it was as if the author swapped the tenacious and loveable characters with some sort of generic copies. Katniss became a whiny, depressed, moaning brat who got upset when she didnt get her way. instead of moping about it how about it get up and do something about it!  Another problem this book had it was as if the author felt empty without 23 different tributes to murder and instead satysfied her bloodlust with meaningless unsensable deaths of loved characters that wouldnt have bothered me if their deaths had actually been senseable and improved the story. instead it felt like she needed somebody to die and pulled names out of hat at random! and then decided well, i need them to die somehow so lets come up with the most,illogical impossable way for them to have been in this place at this time or lose a battle they normally wouldnt have lost because somebody has to die!   The humor which i normally enjoy wasnt there and the little that was, was very dry and not really humorous while I admit once or twice a chuckle escaped me i was otherwise unimpressed.  Another thing about this book (my this is getting to be very long list) Characters she didnt feel the need to brutally murder she left with completly unresolved endings i wanted to know what happened to them not that they abandoned everyone they cared about because they just couldnt stand to be around that place! I dont want a fairy tale ending for everyone i just want a true ending for them, the characters i have been folowing for so long. if they died in a logical senseable manner i would have been happier than the unresolved ending she gave.  overall very dispointing ending to an otherwise excellent trilogy I know im being picky but I have come to expect great things from you Mrs.Collins.
B004ODLUGM|3.0|This was for my 7 yr old Grandaughter and although it was well done it did not hold her interest. There wasn't a moral to the storyline and it was rather short. Perhaps it would be nice for older children. I only gave it 3 stars because it had a great billed up and a short ending. Judge for yourself but don't expect a lot.
B004Z7AHZC|5.0|Got this for my 8 yr old twins birthday.  They sit in SILENCE when watching this and that is an A plus for me!
B000ZNRBK4|5.0|I bought a used lens that had no hood and decided to breakdown and by the hood recently.  It fits the lens with no problem, easy to remove and put on - better then the hood for the 18-105mm lens.  It's a keeper.
B004DLPXAO|5.0|I picked up an Android tablet before the Kindle Fire, to basically have a device for ebooks and other media.  Kindle Fire is superb on my device, and with improvements, it keeps getting better.  Considering I do not have to link it to my computer in order to synchronize it, it downloads everything as I order it.  I was especially glad to see the most recent improvement to adapt font size, column width, and how many lines per page.  Awesome!
B000I0QKDS|5.0|Jeff was a classic player who could play in any genre. Rod Stewart, at the time, was the quintessential bluesman. This band matches easily with Led Zeppelin. Probably not as pure as Cream.  Beck's Bolero is hard to beat. Great percussion. Need to listen to this one now and again.
0345528581|5.0|You get more information in this book than in exercise courses that cost a lot more. Very good buy . Wish I had this book 30 years ago it could have saved me a lot of wasted time. If you want a good exercise program and don't want to spend endless hours in the gym then this book is for you . THANK YOU !  Mr. Lauren for shareing this information with us !
B000P0J0A6|5.0|i watched this movie as a kid and i still love it. a classic movie well worth the money.you wont be disapointed.
B006ANJ4BW|1.0|This was a piece of crap. Jason was good in Stargate Atlantis but not in this. Maybe it was because of the writers.
B005RUV0NY|3.0|I loved the first season! but this second season is focusing to much on \\"relationships\\". While this has a little interest it shouldn't be the main focus on the series. Hell it's called the walking dead not \\"general hospital of the dead\\". Ending was stellar, i just hope they focus more on the cast surviving the dead then there relationships with each other.
B001RTSPVY|5.0|The writing, directing, and acting in this series is truly wonderful. It is hard to believe that subject matter this gritty could be riveting television. I am pleased that I missed this series when it first ran because I would have had to endure sitting through the commercials and would have had to wait a week to view what terrible things were going to happen to Walter next. This is truly good TV watching.
B0053KWDES|1.0|I CAN'T OPEN THE BATTERY BACK NO MATTER HOW HARD I PUSH THE RELEASE BUTTON AND HOW HARD I TRY TO REMOVE THE COVER. IT'S STUCK IN THE MIDDLE. IT IS A DESIGN FLAW.
B000067FP8|5.0|a great movie.the special effects are better in this one than the first one.the storyline is great.all around a fun movie.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|very good! A+++++++++++++++++++++++++++ item description exactly as stated works perfect! bought a knife with this order and sharpened it the day it came in
B0055PMJMW|2.0|But never the less, these short stories give us a taste of Harry working on his personality and style. Kindle provides a good outlet for the short stories a lot of authors have kicking around.
B0032UYFA6|5.0|After watching the first two seasons of this series, I wasn't sure the third season could be any better...it is!!!  The writing, directing and acting are truly top notch. You certainly need to watch the first two seasons to understand what is going on this season...but you won't be sorry you did. My only complaint is this series is addictive, and it is hard to get anything else done once you start watching. I can hardly wait for the fourth season to be released to DVD. It will be a \\"Keeper\\" also.
0439023521|5.0|You have to read it. Good plot. Memorable characters. Twists and turns that are not predictable--like most teen lit.  Good to use with discussions of government, psychology, literary elements, and humanities.  I recommend that teens as well as adults read this book.  It is a series but it does end---which is also nice.  My daughter has reread it 5 times now, and I twice (and I don't reread books).
B004LUS390|3.0|If this would work in landscape orientation on tablets, this would be a much better app. please support multiple orientations.
0307346617|5.0|i am a junior in college and i have ordered books offline every semester for the past few years. this was by far the smoothest transaction ive ever had.
1439183392|4.0|Lot's of characters and history from \\"The Dawn Patrol\\" do not detract from the enjoyment level. Good action. Bad, bad guys. An author who can write. Doesn't always hit a home run, but always in the big league.
B001TODOCM|2.0|Warning: some minor spoilers ahead.  I've tried to make my points while revealing as little as possible, but chose to reveal a few things that I think are important for people to decide if they want to read the novel.  I read \\"The Club Dumas\\" because I love Roman Polanski's film \\"The Ninth Gate\\", which is based on the novel.  I was disappointed by the novel.  The novel tells the story of Corso, a book dealer in Spain, who has two assignments.  One is to authenticate a manuscript said to be the original of the \\"Anjou Wine\\", a chapter from Alexandre Dumas' \\"Three Musketeers\\".  The other is to authenticate a Satanic grimoire entitled \\"The Nine Doors to the Kingdom of Shadow\\" owned by one Mr. Borja that is reputed to have the ability to summon the Devil.  Along the way, Corso encounters intrigue, danger and murder.  He also meets a beautiful, but unnamed and mysterious young woman who acts as a sort of guardian angel.  The film diverges a bit.  It leaves out the entirety of the part involving \\"The Three Musketeers\\" and focuses on the grimoire, which is titled \\"The Nine Gates\\" in the movie and focuses on a literally Satanic plot revolving around it.  Where the novel really shines (no pun or irony intended) is in the details about \\"The Nine Doors\\".  It has complete full-page pictures of the first page engraving as well as nine engravings.  Each engraving has a Latin inscription under it that's in a code in which letters have been removed and swapped for dots.  The film does not go into nearly as much depth with the grimoire than the novel.  So, this is one area where film fans will love the novel.  For anyone who wants to use the novel as an appendix to the film, here are the references:  The engravings are in a chapter entitled \\"The Man with the Scar\\".  The translations of the Latin inscriptions, as well as a core passage from the book, are revealed in the chapter entitled \\"The Banks of the Seine\\".  These give us more insight into \\"The Nine Doors\\" that we didn't have before.  The core passage gives clues to some sort of ceremony to summon the Devil.  Also, the mysterious young woman is developed more and somewhat more explicit things are said about her.  Here are the things that really disappointed me about the book:  1. The big one is that I spent at least a few hours all told trying to figure out the enigma of \\"The Nine Doors\\" only to discover that...    a. Someone (not Corso) figures a bunch of things out from other occult materials not described in the novel.  Several key points to the whole thing, including some correspondences that are not obviously in what we hear of \\"The Nine Doors\\", are just thrown in at the last minute to explain the puzzle.  These include...    i. Seemingly random elemental attributions.    ii. Even more random seeming magic words that somehow correspond to the nine engravings without any explanation for how they were derived.    b. Even then, very little is really revealed.  A ceremony is described, as deduced from all this, but not by explaining the nine engravings and corresponding nine Latin phrases, which are still left unresolved.  I found the ceremony to be rather dull and unimaginative.  It didn't seem to tap into much that was in \\"The Nine Doors\\".  I thought the ceremony would actually involve what we see in the engravings and the Latin phrases, but instead it involved a sort of decoding (which again, used occult knowledge that's at best external to both the grimoire and the novel and at worst made up out of whole cloth by Reverte without explanation).    In short, it didn't have the kind of epic explanation I was hoping for.  2. While the mysterious young woman is explored more, in the end she actually does less than in the film.  In the film, she's a critical player and comes in very significantly at the end in a way that was quite clear to me and should be clear to anyone who took the time to think through the implications of the movie, but in the novel, she's basically just there to be mysterious and jump in bed with Corso at random times.  Nothing about their relationship is ever resolved.  The ending of the novel is also completely different from the movie.  I liked the film's ending much better.  The novel just sort of ends abruptly without much in the way of indication as to where the characters will go from there, at least as far as I could see.  3. There are tedious places where the novel doesn't go anywhere at all.  For example, there's one chapter that's entirely taken up with Corso playing a battle strategy game in which he wins Waterloo for Napolean.  Apart from a bunch of overblown references to Napolean throughout the novel, there's very little point to this that I can see.  4. I felt very little love for the protagonist the entire way through.  In the film it was different.  I didn't like Corso at first, but, in the film, his buddy gets murdered in a way that mimics one of the engravings in \\"The Nine Gates\\" and you know that someone's willing to kill over the book.  At that point, I cared deeply what happened to Corso and came to like him.  But, in the novel, I never really felt that I knew what problem he was really facing.  I mean, yes, he had a job to do, but that's not enough for a good story.  I didn't really feel much like following his adventures.  5. I felt that the writing style was overblown and pretentious.  Maybe it was just the English translation and the Spanish doesn't sound that way.  Also, a note on the translation: there is something written in Spanish the puzzle of \\"The Nine Doors\\" and it's left untranslated.  It would have been nice for non-Spanish readers to have that translated.  I WAS very intrigued by the enigma of \\"The Nine Doors\\", but, as I've said, I felt like the author threw the enigma out the window by having an occultist just tell us the occult correspondences for links that were never discovered.  It felt like Scotland Yard solving the murder instead of Sherlock Holmes with evidence he never had access to.If you love the film, the book is worth reading (or at least the chapters I referenced) just as an appendix.  That is, it gives you more insight into the grimoire.  Also, if you're fanatical about \\"The Three Muskateers\\", the novel has a ton of references to it (in fact, it's largely about it).  So, you may like it for that reason.  All in all, though, I found it very disappointing as entertainment fiction in its own right.
B0058WFO06|5.0|Fans of King Crimson, Emerson Lake and Palmer, and their ilk will certainly find plenty to love.  I don't even know what more to say, other than that this album is amazing.  Steven Wilson is a genius.
B003EV6DBM|5.0|I have all of the Doctor Who series from Christopher Eccleston to this the Complete fifth series. I loved him as the Doctor, adored David Tennant as the Doctor and I think Matt Smith carries it on very well as the newest Doctor.  The series is inovative and NEVER boring. I even have some of the old DVD's from the very beginning of the series.  I enjoyed them all.  I think the way the new Doctors are created keeps the series connected and avoids the sometimes confusion of a new character addition and the loss of another.  All of the series blend beautifully.  I suggest if you don't have any of the series, you might start from the First series with Eccleston, but, only because it is such as good series from that point to series 6.  And who would want to miss out on all that fun?
1400049628|5.0|GREAT READ! i am a junior in college and i have ordered books offline every semester for the past few years. this was by far the smoothest transaction ive ever had.
0307888681|3.0|First, not a lot of zombie battles. Then, much more cultural discussion about the way people respond. Some really interesting characters. But the quick on/off stage for some of the most interesting characters was disappointing and ultimately the books grinds to a halt.
B005DF2QMC|4.0|As some of the other reviews have mentioned, there is a lot of plastic in this item and I am not sure how durable it will be over the longterm.  But, what could anyone expect for under $30.00.  The price is definitely right considering what this little unit is expected to do.  I did not have any trouble uploading the Audacity software that came with the player.  The player itself worked fine when I ran a couple of casettes through it, but just not sure of the longevity.  Most of my cassettes are 90 minute tapes that I recorded to from record albums years ago, so we will see how much strain it puts on the unit when I am heavily into converting them all over.  Just doing a practice run with the converter, it seemed to have enough power to handle the 90 minute tape alright.  So far, I have only played around with this unit in an attempt to learn the capabilities of the Audacity software.  I will know more about the quality of the sound when I actually burn my converted casettes to a CD and play them back.  I also have an audio-technia turntable hooked up to my PC so that I can convert and transfer music from records.  The turntable came with Cakewalk PYRO 5 editing software and I believe I might like it better for editing.  The PYRO 5 editing software is also recognizing this DB Tech tape converter, so that is a plus if I do decide to use the PYRO software with this cassette converter for editing.  This little unit probably deserves a 5 star rating, but I am reserving that until I see how well it holds up after I begin the conversion of around forty 90-minute cassette tapes.  I did recently contact the manufacturer (via E-mail) about obtaining an easier to read set of user instructions.  The response was almost immediate and a refreshingly positive experience.  They definitely deserve 5 stars for customer service.
B005WZZRD8|4.0|The attractive thing about Born This Way - The Collection is the price. You'll save a lot more by getting this than if you buy the DVD and CDs separately. However, if you're really picky, do read on about the reviews on the individual items.<br /><br />Lady Gaga Presents The Monster Ball Tour:<br />Well, the only similarity this DVD has with Madonna's Truth Or Dare is the backstage black and white footage. Otherwise, Truth Or Dare is more documentary than concert and Monster Ball is the reverse.<br /><br />I'm giggling as Monster Ball is rated Mature 18 in Singapore ostensibly for Lady Gaga mimicking male masturbation.<br /><br />The set list is fabulous, most of her biggest hits are here including ALL songs from The Fame Monster. Expect lots of strange costumes and sets including a giant monster fish. I was so looking forward to see her jellyfish costume but it wasn't here (I saw it on YouTube). And did her male dancers enhance their packages or what?<br /><br />Most of the songs are full versions but Money Honey and Dance In The Dark are excerpts. Gaga's very lively on stage compared to the dead fish performances we sometimes get in Singapore from visiting pop stars.<br /><br />One major problem I had with the show was that Gaga was chatty to the point of verbosity. Her long drawn out \\"soliloquies\\" got rather tiresome. While I sympathize with her being sidelined in school, she should air her grievances in an autobiography, media interviews or her official webpage. She's got these avenues.<br /><br />Parts of the show are rather sacrilegious. Gaga calls her guitarist named Jesus Christ an a**hole for being \\"disrespectful with that guitar\\". She also mentions a bisexual dancer who is just like Jesus because he loves everybody. Is she trying to insult and ridicule Jesus Christ Son Of God through proxy? This was like watching The Exorcist. Gaga needs an exorcism.<br /><br />Born This Way The Album:<br />I won't deny that the hits Born This Way, Judas, You And I, The Edge Of Glory and Marry The Night are the best cuts here. Songs like Hair and Scheibe are also catchy. As with most albums, fillers exist (Electric Chapel, Government Hooker). The cover shot of Gaga, she looks possessed.<br /><br />Born This Way: The Remix:<br />Well, I like this one slightly better than her earlier remix album. However, I think mine is the minority vote. The Remix is kind of arty noises, stuff they play in clubs during the off peak hours. Streamline could have used a better cover shot rather than this ragamuffin bag lady look.<br /><br />The packaging:<br />Monster Ball and Born This way are housed in paper wallets with booklets while The Remix is in a singular envelope. The outer case is rather soft and is easily dented but features an arresting avant-garde look.
B005MHI0QM|5.0|Great writing yet so heartbroken so sad after reading this. That's really all I can say. RIP Anne and the rest.
B005IA9JZO|4.0|\\"Hook\\" is a classic example of a film that's rather less than the sum of its parts. It's a shame, really, because it has so much going for it.<br /><br />The basic idea is terrific -- Captain Hook will wreak vengeance on Peter Pan by alienating the affections of his children -- which Peter is well on the way to doing, anyway (his son, at least). And it's perfectly cast, with an almost-unrecognizable Dustin Hoffman underplaying Hook, and Charlie Korsmo & Amber Scott as Peter's children.<br /><br />What scuttles (ar, ar) the whole thing is the Wretched Excess of the production. A fundamentally simple story is drowned in extravagant sets whose design appears to have been dictated by the availability of a huge budget, rather than imagination or appropriateness. Neverland not only resembles an /adult's/ idea of what children find fanciful or fantastical, but it's downright /cheap-looking/, despite the millions of dollars obviously spent on it. Disney does this sort of thing much better, and Spielberg would have been well-advised to solicit advice.<br /><br />There's little to say about John Williams' typically tedious, repetitive, and unimaginative score -- except that it's tedious, repetitive, and unimaginative. One can only imagine what Jerry Goldsmith or Alex North would have done.<br /><br />The worst thing is that there's no real emotional catharsis at the end. Spielberg isn't able to draw even a /glycerine/ tear.<br /><br />Although the film's 2:24 length is justified by the need to fully develop the characters and their situations, it's too long for children under 13 or 14, who probably wouldn't understand what's going on, anyhow. And there are a couple of on-screen deaths.<br /><br />PS: In the baseball sequence, the pirate player with a wooden leg is LongJohn Adlhoch, an acquaintance. You can find his Website by Googling his full name.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Just started using evernote on my kindle fire...AWESOME!!!! I love that I can put items in groups so I can get right to what I am working on.  Def worth the download!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I got this product after the price dropped to $29.99.  Extremely pleased with it as a case.  It has a great feel, is very light weight but still strong enough to protect.  It adds very little bulk to the Fire which I think is very important.    The stand function of the case works as described.  The only complaint I have is that the angle for the stand is a little high.  I would like to be able have it set a little lower.  This is a minor issue for me.
B001RNO7D0|5.0|This is only my first day wearing the Teva Men's Riva Leather Event Hiking Shoe, but they are amazingly comfortable so much so that I went and ordered the full boot too.   The color is very nice and I love the black around the toes.   I have a screw in each one of my feet from broken metatarsals and I have a wide toe box according to my doctor. These shoes fit amazingly well. The toe box is plenty wide (but not too wide) and give my feet ample room throughout the day. I work on my feet all day so comfortable shoes are very important.   I love these shoes and recommend them to anyone who needs comfortable shoes for work, hiking, or around town.   I will update after more wear and experience, but it has been love at first wear!
0553573403|2.0|The idea of the story is good, but the execution is lacking. When something interesting comes up I am switched to another character, and not many of them are that interesting. I like the guy who is trying to regain \\"his\\" kingdom. Actually I wanted him to die, but that is the hallmark of a good villain. The bastard son is and his pet are interesting also. The rest of the characters could have died, and I would not have cared. The idea of switching character perspective seems like a good idea, but there is no lead off into the next person's PoV unlike a traditional book where one chapter leads into the next one. Reading the book is like talking to someone who just randomly switches topics mid-sentence without any warning.
B004O86JZ4|4.0|Much of the talk surrounding this album concerned the analog recording that Dave Grohl insisted upon. The usual analog buzzwords applied: warm bass/drums, no computer trickery, back-to-basics, etc. Similarly, the vinyl release uses similar packaging tactics: 45-rpm, 180-gram, etc. The pressing seems superb, and the inner sleeves are poly-lined. The implication is that this particular record is a throwback audiophile release; the inclusion of \\"hi-res\\" MP3 download codes reflects this idea. (By the way, be sure to pick yours up before April 11, 2012, when the MP3 offer expires.)  Unfortunately, this is still a very chunky, compressed recording. I've listened to the record in headphones and at varying volume levels on speakers over the course of several weeks, and I've found that it generally lacks the punch I would expect from such a \\"heavy\\" album, even with the volume turned up. It seems to me that the mix often leaves little room for the instruments to \\"breathe,\\" and as a result, it's like a sonic sausage--you're not exactly sure what all is inside it, but it's so densely packed and meaty that it tastes pretty okay, but not great.  I also checked the waveforms for the official vinyl MP3 rips provided with the album, and though they have clear peaks that screenshots of the CD tracks lack, zooming in shows that there's still clipping that has been waveshaped by the mastering. A brickwalled recording given more headroom is still brickwalled.  That said, the songs are enjoyable earworms, and there are impressive arrangements throughout. \\"Arlandria\\" has some effective dynamic contrasts and build-ups, \\"Rope\\" grabs and shakes the listener with its stumbling accents, and \\"I Should Have Known\\" is one long crescendo that is a welcome respite from the usual wall of sound. Some tracks are still compressed to the point of all-bark-and-no-bite, though, especially \\"Miss the Misery\\" and \\"Walk.\\"  Overall, this is not one of the worst offenders in the canon of overcompression, but Ithink that Foo Fighters & co. squandered their potential to make an album with snapping drums, full bass, and clear guitars, not an FM-friendly rawk record with a remarkably tinny presence when you unplug the earbuds and play the album on speakers. I didn't like \\"Chinese Democracy\\" in general, but I admired its anti-Loudness War stance, and with all the analog and vinyl lip service these days, it would have been nice for this album to deliver on that premise.
B003XQPT9A|5.0|I saw this movie in the theaters when it came out.  Its still as great now as it was then movie.  I've now bought it for my kids.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Amazon gets stuff to you so quick when you order it from their warehouse. Great movie! It will change the way you think of what you eat forever.
0439321603|2.0|The book was written in ink from a child all over the first few pages, i wish that had been told on here before i bought it. But other than that it is in ok condition.
0783235380|5.0|This DVD was like new I would order from them again. I really like this movie. It's good quality with no screeches.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Use this app all the time to save web pages I need.  Very useful app.  This is a free one that I would pay for.
B004G5VFOU|2.0|Great album.Over priced reissue.With all the minutes available on these cds and all the music from this great band there to be put on it and not to see it here is a crime.You know with the cd market shrinking you think they'd get it right for the true fans that are still buying.
B001UV4XIS|1.0|Movie is OK (personally I think it suffers by comparison to the Pre-Deathly Hallows offerings). But Flixter UltraViolet is a TOTAL DISASTER. I created a Flixter account without a problem, but UV is a nightmare. After a LOT of digging around in the FLixter site I created one, maybe two UV accounts (only certain characters allowed in passwords - but you're not informed of this up front). BUT ...I can't login to EITHER account. I am unable to retrieve the UV copy of this movie that I HAVE PAID FOR. This is a TOTAL RIP OFF.  This is what happens when companies (WB and its Flixter franchise) care MORE about $$$$ than they do about CLIENTS.
B0053JJLLC|3.0|I feel like this was written by zombie Crichton.  It is totally missing the spark of life Mr. Crichton's finished books had.  This is more like an outline that has been fleshed out.  My favorite thing about Crichton's work is the science.  He always made me feel like whatever he wrote about could actually happen.  Micro did not make me feel like this could even remotely happen.  I didn't care for the cast of characters at the front of the book.  I think that was probably the author's note to self.  This is not a play.  A list of characters is just strange and out of place.  Find this at the library.
B0053YGYO4|5.0|After the strange disappointment of Viva la Vida, this collection shines with a fresh new sound that is endlessly listenable.  Maybe not the career pinnacle that was X and Y, but this CD is a terrific runner-up.
B003L77GRO|5.0|One of the greatest shows on TV to date. I have watched every episode since it began and can't get enough. A must watch!
B003QCCS36|5.0|I bought this CD for my wife, and she loves it. She doesn't stop playing it in the car or when she is cooking in the kitchen. She likes it so much that I had to order another CD ot Ray L.
B005I6EVUG|1.0|The cover was beautiful,but it wouldn't close.  It also had a strong plastic petroleum smell, which remained on the Kindle after I removed it(and on my hands). Definitely a return item.
B004GYY714|3.0|i really like having the ability to get radio on my phone. i just wish it wouldn't drop the signal so often. i get &quot;stream is over&quot; or sometimes it just stops playng and i have to start it again. not good when you're exercising.
B0042RJWTM|5.0|my brother loves older movies, so when we were talking he told me some videos he would love to have to I ordered them for him for Xmas
B0009MAO46|5.0|Where do I begin with Toy Story? I can't imagine anyone having not seen this movie in by the year of 2011, but if you haven't, BUY IT! Yes, I grew up with this movie on VHS back when it was the only Pixar movie, but that's not what makes it great. Nostalgia aside, this is still an excellent movie! The script is so clever and heartfelt, the characters are all fantastic, the voice acting is great, and the animation, which was a benchmark for its time, still holds up (even though they've come a long way). Best of all, this movie will remind adults of the joy of being a kid and playing with toys (and imagining that they were alive). This movie is a classic (the sequels are also fantastic, but definitely watch in chronological order). It might actually be my favorite movie of all time.  As for this DVD, it is great. This is the best the film has ever looked (other than the Blu-Ray, that is). The picture was taken right from the digital source at Pixar. The bonus features are fascinating (especially for aspiring animators/filmmakers like myself). My favorites are the documentary about the making of Toy Story as well as the one where John Lasseter, Pete Docter, Andrew Stanton, and the late Joe Ranft (RIP) talk about the journey of making Toy Story (the first full length computer-animated film). So if you don't have a Blu-Ray player, this is still a great option.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|The DVD set came in quickly even considering I pre-order. Such a great value for the price, especially since I had not yet even seen the final installment. Box set is maybe double the size of a normal case, nice and compact and now can share the joy of Harry with everyone!
0064430227|4.0|I won't bother going in to the story of Harold and the Purple Crayon, as I'm certain almost anybody considering this purchase grew up with the book at one time or another.<br /><br />However, I did want to offer this suggestion to everyone: spend the extra money on the hardcover edition.<br /><br />I may have set my expectations a bit high, but since the paperback price was relatively expensive (costing 30 - 50% more than comparable paperbacks) and touted as the 50th Anniversary Edition, I thought it would be \\"nice\\". However, I have to say that I was pretty disappointed with the construction quality.<br /><br />Unless you're giving it to a teenager or adult as a keepsake type of gift, the paperback isn't going to stand up against an age-appropriate child, or to time itself. If I hadn't bought it as part of the 4-for-3 promotion, I'd almost certainly exchange it for the hardcover.
0393338398|5.0|If you love baseball and the business side of it, then you will love this book. Very interesting look at the insides of running a ball club. I recommend to baseball enthusiasts.
0740785508|5.0|This book is worth every cent. As it's companion, \\"Color and Light.\\" If I only had these in art school...
1451627289|5.0|I have always been a fan of Stephen King but this is NOT a biased review.  Do not be put off by the number of pages.  This is a very fast read.  I found myself wanted to read quickly (to find out what happens next) but not wanting it to end.  King has put a lot of research into this book and it shows.
B004WGGQPQ|1.0|I can't get it to download been stuck on my phone for 3 days now and now can't get it off the top of my phone there is Jo cancel download. so its annoying me.
B004LWZW4C|1.0|[[ASIN:B004LWZW4C X-Men: First Class (+Digital Copy) [Blu-ray]]]  Do not buy this! I purchased this movie on BluRay and experienced an endless list of issues with the disk. Fox is aware of the issue and they don't seem to care to do anything to fix it (I called them and they were quite rude).  I not only had to shut off BD Live capabilities on my player and empty the cache, but I also had to plug in an external USB Key Drive into my player because the disk requires you to have at least 1GB of memory to even begin to play.  I highly encourage you to read the numerous blog posts online before you buy ANY Fox BluRay Disks.    To make matters worse, after I finally got the disk to play, the quality is no better than any other regular DVD. Don't waste your time or money on this product.  Nothing against Amazon or X-Men, but it's a shame that fox handled this one so poorly.
1451629184|4.0|I enjoyed this book, even though there are some graphic descriptions, it is worth reading.  Jaycee is a survivor and is learning, more, everyday about moving on.  She endured what no little girl should have to endure, but somehow found a way to get through each day for 18 years. She was betrayed, over and over again, by the parole and legal system who could have ended her misery many times. It is well written and sometimes heartbreaking.  I think women will like this book more than men, because of the emotions attached to it.
0062101897|5.0|This book is awesome!!! The pictures and the binding are fantastic!! If you can buy it, go ahead!! It's worth it!! It's a huge book, so if you are a fan of the films, you must have it!
B006C45CFG|5.0|Cowboys & Aliens is proof this genre CAN be done right. i was surprised, and totally entertained.. Ford and Craig gave top notch performances!
B000HEWEJO|5.0|A great movie, with bonus features featuring Frank Capra, Jr. and Tom Bosley discussing the film, cast, and director! It arrived quickly as well.
B005HSG3TC|2.0|Well, $30 is a much more reasonable price than those who payed forty for it. I wanted a protector for the tablet and it does make the value of the tablet better. It just makes the tablet seem better and worth more, so in that way, I like it. It gives the tablet a better view. Makes it seem more bang for your buck.  It is very lightweight. I don't think your kindle can survive a fall. A costly warranty might be the solution. It is forty I believe in Amazon. Again, I repeat that the cover makes the kindle look better, giving it more value for resell. It seems that owners have to  be very responsible with their kindle. Be wary of others like children or dummies who might severely drop it.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I am a busy student in professional school and was looking for something to keep me working out though out the cold winter. I found it in this video. Jillain does a great job getting you to give it your all in 20 minutes! One thing I have found very helpful is my set of changeable weights. If I find a move \\"easier\\" or hard I can easily go between 3, 6 and 9.5 lbs. I mostly use 3 and 6 lbs.  I have been doing this video for two weeks now and have lost 3 lbs! (I started at 150 lbs and 5'7'') I haven't changed my diet at all! I was very sore after the first week. I just kept doing it daily and it's paid off so far. My roommate has now joined me and agrees that it is a great 20 minute work out. I really enjoyed the 3 - 2- 1 system that she does! I was afraid I may get bored - like I often do - with the video but so far I haven't because even though she labels these as \\"Levels\\" they are only to some extent. Level 3 is definitely harder than Level 1 but you can make Level 1 as hard as you want by following the advanced helper. I even had my boyfriend who workouts regularly do Level 2 with me one day (he used 12 lb weights) but it was hard for him too. I am going to stay with it and hope it keeps paying off! I have also purchased a couple more of her videos and hope they go as well!   Good Luck everyone! You can find 20 minutes a day to make a change!!
0385738773|5.0|I just finished this book and this has been one of only a few books where I have left feeling satisfied.  While reading the book I just KNEW that there was going to be some kind of trick from WICKED to end the book with; and guess what?  I can't say yes there was a trick or no there wasn't a trick.  Perhaps a bit of both but not to add any spoilers you'll have to read it to see.  I think that the author did a great job at exlplaining some questions that were out there but of course there will always be questions left unaswered.  That will happen with every good book.  Maybe one day the author will publish a short story about what happens after the end of the book, maybe a look into \\"__ years later\\"; that may satisfy some of the folks out there who have more questions.  All in all I believe the author did an outstanding job with this whole triliogy.  Do I wish there were more books to come?  Yes, but not because I need some questions to be answered; it is because I grew to care about some of the characters in the books and whenever that happens you always want their stories to continue.  I purchased and read this book with my Kindle app for my iPhone and computer.
B001RTSPVY|5.0|A very good friend of mine got me into watching this series at the end of the fourth season. The twists and turns that this series has too offer were great, like being on a roller coaster. It did take me a few shows to get the story straight as well as the characters then I was hooked and had to purchase seasons 1, 2 & 3. My friend even traveled an hour to do a season marathon......lol.<br /><br />As great as this series is as you watch it you think to yourself how easily this could happen in real life.
085738371X|5.0|I was very dubious as to what condition if any, my books would turn up in.  I'm very happy to say they arrived in absolutely pristine condition and MUCH earlier than predicted.  Very happy!
0765350386|5.0|This is a great (different) type of fantasy. Good character development. Main characters die, yes (realistic). Buy it, you won't regret it.
B000HC2LI0|5.0|This has been THE best purchase I've ever made online. I am a huge fan of the West Wing and was getting the disks from Netflix for a while. I purchased the complete series and couldn't be happier. The convenience of having it when I want to watch is wonderful. The way they packaged the collection is beautiful, so well made. This was well worth my money.
B0032UYFA6|5.0|A very good friend of mine got me into watching this series at the end of the fourth season. The twists and turns that this series has too offer were great, like being on a roller coaster. It did take me a few shows to get the story straight as well as the characters then I was hooked and had to purchase seasons 1, 2 & 3. My friend even traveled an hour to do a season marathon......lol.<br /><br />As great as this series is as you watch it you think to yourself how easily this could happen in real life.
B00005N6KG|5.0|This earphones are so light.  If not for the sound that comes out of it, I probably won't know that I have them on.  And the sound quality, it's amazing.  The sound is crisp and clear.  Even in a noisy environment, I can hear my music clearly and don't really have to turn up the volume.  And the price, can't beat it.  It's a great quality headphones for the price.  I'm going order more for backup use.
B001NEK2GE|5.0|This is my first gameboard/pad for the PC and I love it.<br /><br />I am currently using it with Battlefield 3 and Mass Effect 2. I have thus far had no issues with the device.<br /><br />For most games you can find profiles (key-mappings specific for that game) online that you can download and import via the software. I, however, just went ahead and created my own profiles (based on the included Default profile). It's a short and simple process to bind the keys to whatever function/key/macro/application-launch you want.<br /><br />The driver/software can be downloaded from Logitech's website and comes in two flavors for Windows-7; one is the \\"current version\\" and one is the \\"legacy\\" older version.<br /><br />The current version is very sleek and allows you to literally control every single aspect of the device from a very intuitive and cool application. The downside is that I ran into some bugs with it while playing BF3. For example: certain keys would lag when I pressed them and certain appeared to continue to do their function even though I tapped them once.<br /><br />I then uninstalled the software and installed the \\"Legacy\\" older version from the Logitech website and voila! All is perfect. It is still nice and has the ability to use all the features of the device, but compared to the new version this \\"legacy\\" app doesn't look as sleek. It works just fine though and I am completely satisfied.<br /><br />As for the actual device itself, I have had zero issues. Everything works as designed and works perfectly.<br /><br />You can load mini-apps onto the device for usage on the LCD built into it. I use the LCD screen on the device for two apps; one that shows me my CPU/Memory usage and then one that allows me to switch profiles on the fly. You can run many other apps on the LCD screen; things like FRAPS and Windows Media Player. These mini apps are loaded onto the device via the Logitech software. The process is fairly easy and un-complex.<br /><br />The device makes playing any Keyboard + Mouse game a hundred times better and easier. The customization is insane and the only downside is that you'll get so used to it that it'll be tough for you to every go back to the regular keyboard. Although, I doubt that you'll ever have to or need to.tomization is insane and the only downside is that you'll get so used to it that it'll be tough for you to every go back to the regular keyboard. Although, I doubt that you'll ever have to or need to.
B005NJ2K6U|5.0|I don't play a lot if games on my phone, but when I do, I want something that can keep me occupied for just a few minutes. Since this was the free app, I've kept coming back and picking it every time I want to play something.   Each level is just a little different, and it's just the right amount id challenging to try and get a perfect score.   Well done devs, I really enjoy this game.
B001DJLCRC|5.0|A very good friend of mine got me into watching this series at the end of the fourth season.  The twists and turns that this series has too offer were great, like being on a roller coaster.  It did take me a few shows to get the story straight as well as the characters then I was hooked and had to purchase seasons 1, 2 & 3.  My friend even traveled an hour to do a season marathon......lol.<br /><br />As great as this series is as you watch it you think to yourself how easily this could happen in real life.
B000WCDI64|3.0|i'm a massive amy fan. i so wish she had been able to stay with us for far longer than she did. this concert is recorded at the time when amy was struggling with sobriety, and it shows. she does not give the best vocal performance she was capable of giving, and that alone is sad. amy never sang the same song the same way twice, the mark of the very greatest singers, but here, she is clearly not at her very best. is it worth buying? yes, it is, because it is an official release, and it is amy. so, yes, buy it if you are a fan. but, there are far better shows that she gave.   also, during this \\"i told you i was trouble\\" london show, she keeps making comments to, and looking up at a balcony from where, evidently, her husband is watching. it is said that if you don't have anything good to say about someone, best to say nothing, so i will not say anything about the husband, difficult as that is. but it's wrenchingly sad to see amy trying to give this show, and barely making it. she is not sober, that is clear, and there are concert vids that exist where she gives astounding performances of her incredible songs.   one is the bbc concert (2007). *actually i just re-watched that one, don't get that one, she is drunk and her phrasing and tone are way off.* another concert that is great is the early mtv show (usa)-\\"45th at night\\" part of the live series filmed at mtv's times square studios. mtv (usa) also did a compliation show of videos including that concert, and aired it a day or so after her death. it is a great compliation but there are people talking about her. rather see her sing.....! her concert \\"45th at...\\" is just superb, you should try to see that one. and actually it is filmed in 2007 but it's one of her best concerts ever. another is the concert she gives as a fresh faced young star, at the virgin record store in london. if only.....  i can't think of anything sadder than that amy had to leave the earth before her time. if you appreciate her fabulous vocal ability and classic songs, seek out some of the other videos as well. there is a very poignant video of her singing \\"valerie\\" in a small room, with just a mike, sitting on a green sofa (on a u.k. series called \\"the DL\\")- and it is heartbreaking. she is clearly worn down by her struggles, her famous hair is a real mess, but the singing that comes out of her at that moment is just incredible. what great talent. it's my favorite vid by her, ever.  rest in peace, amy. you will always be missed.
B005K0HDGE|4.0|Just being able to give that part of town it's ominous overlay, as it has been something of it's own dark personality because of the happenings there so long ago, made it better than most who may try to attempt such a story. The novel is so much more, as many have noted, than trying to stop LHO in the Book Depository building. The friends he makes along the way, on both sides, as well as the Yellow Card Man, help power this story with some of the better character development he's done in some time. King's own take on the time travel genre is genuine and intellectual. Whether you are old or new to King, this novel is worth reading. It stands alone, with the exception of a reunion with a particular town that I won't spoil here.
B0007TKNL0|5.0|I purchased this DVD after wearing out my last copy of this movie-musical.  I consider it one of the best musicals made into a movie.  The cast is fantastic(they can SING!), and the scenes are breathtaking.  A great rendition of the classic musical.
1439153663|5.0|I originally ordered this title for my Kindle, and devoured it immediately.  It was such a good read.  Nice development of the characters, beautiful story, made me want to read faster.  I enjoyed it so much, I bought a paperback copy to give as a gift to a friend.
B002WY65VU|5.0|Arrive Fast and in perfect condition perfect zombie Movie. Shaun of the Dead is a great combo pack for the Holidays.
0439023521|5.0|I literally skipped work for 2 days and read these books. I couldn't put them down, I was hooked.  Now I need a new series!
B001F6TXME|5.0|Using this shutter release is so easy that even a beginner like me had it up and running in less than one minute.  I've never used one before.<br /><br />I'm using it on a Nikon D7000 to shoot long exposures, and hope one day to capture a heavenly lightning show without getting electrocuted in the process.<br /><br />This product has only four components - shutter release button, shutter release button lock, cord and plug.  You simply make sure that the camera is turned off, insert the plug end into your camera's accessory terminal and turn on the camera.  Remember to turn off the camera when you're done before disconnecting the plug.<br /><br />Pressing the button (there's only one) is just like pressing the shutter button on your camera, except that you can slide the button to the locked position, go have a cup of tea, and come back and release it to complete the photo. (I exaggerate, but I guess you COULD have a cup of tea if you were doing an extra-long exposure.)  The D7000 offers exposures up to 30 seconds, but if you use this handy gizmo, you can scroll past that to \\"bulb\\" mode and keep that sucker open to your heart's content.<br /><br />You can also use it for portraits, self-portraits and for those times when you really want to minimize camera shake.  The only problem with the self-portraits is that the cord isn't that long, so you'll probably only get extreme close-ups.  If self-portraits are your thing, better get a wireless remote.  The one made by Amazon is pretty darned good.<br /><br />So, camera, tripod, LED flashlight and this wired remote, and I'm all set for some light painting.  This is definitely an essential part of any camera gear collection.<br /><br />Amanda Richards, December 8, 2011
B005HSG3TC|5.0|Fits perfectly, It allows the speakers to be heard without issue and it is very well made. I almost bought the leather book style cover, but I'm glad I got the microshell instead.
B004XGN8W4|5.0|I bought this in anticipation of using it during Enhanced Mohave Viper in 29 Palms, Ca.  We left the the day after MW3 was released and needed something to take to the field.  It made transporting my Xbox as easy as caring a laptop and protects it from the dust when I'm not playing.  I plan on taking it to Afghanistan this summer.  If you are a gamer on the go this is a must have.
B005V20JKI|3.0|jump doesn't always work, kill doesn't always work- overall not horrible for a time waster I suppose.I don't have the sound on as I imagine it will be rubbish.
B004EPYZP8|3.0|*A Brief Note to Readers: If you find this review \\"not helpful\\", please take a moment to tell me why in the comment section. Thank you.*<br /><br />A crime thriller adapted from Michael Connelly's best selling novel of the same name, \\"The Lincoln Lawyer\\" is a solid and entertaining film that is easy to follow.  It is rife with noteworthy performances and events that offer its main character a new outlook on himself and the law.<br /><br />Mick Haller (McConnaughey) is a high-profile defense attorney in LA who is known for his good looks, devil-may-care persona and fetish for Lincoln towncars.  His ex-wife and fellow attorney Maggie (Tomei) is immune to the facade, decrying his sensibilities as a lawyer (\\"I'm trying like hell to keep scumbags off the street while you're busy putting them right back on it\\") right along with local law enforcement (\\"Where does someone like you sleep at night?  With all the scum you represent?\\").  Haller laughs it off but his good humor is stifled when he offers to defend Louis Roulet (Ryan Phillippe) against a rape charge. When his client's self-proclaimed innocence doesn't mesh with the facts and things get sinister and dangerous, Haller ends up fighting for his life to render a verdict he doesn't believe in.<br /><br />Though this movie was enjoyable, it takes one too many liberties for my liking.  First, when Roulet is on the stand, he directly addresses the jury to once again proclaim his innocence while giving them a sob story (this would never fly in a real courtroom).  Then, towards the film's end, Mick calls in a \\"favor\\" and exacts some justice of his own.  I just can't see him getting away with this one considering the circumstances: he represents the people who perform said \\"favor\\", his victim is able to place him at a specific location at a specific time, and there is property damage and assault involved.  Far-fetched, in my opinion, but I guess at this point the audience is only supposed to care about seeing a scumbag get what he deserves.  And let's not even mention the unlicensed firearm he uses to defend himself during a skirmish.<br /><br />What viewers can fathom is Mick's dilemma in defending a man whose innocence is either questionable or false, and McConnaughey renders his character's tribulation splendidly.  Though I don't think it equals his performance in \\"A Time To Kill\\", it comes fairly close.  Phillippe is passable as the arrogant Roulet.  He doesn't come off as menacing as the character could be - all I saw was a Machiavellian pipsqueak but perhaps this is the interpretation the director wanted. It's a shame that Tomei is relegated to the background; I wanted to see more of her, especially since her character was an attorney.  Most everyone else ranges from good to serviceable.  The only error in casting I see here is William H. Macy - why give a man that talented such a short-lived role?  What a waste.<br /><br />Though this kind of story has been done before in different ways and possesses a predictable outcome (most movies like this don't let the bad guys get away), \\"The Lincoln Lawyer\\" is decent entertainment for someone who wants an exciting plot and a denouement that gives a sense of closure.at he deserves.  And let's not even mention the unlicensed firearm he uses to defend himself during a skirmish.<br /><br />What viewers can fathom is Mick's dilemma in defending a man whose innocence is either questionable or false, and McConnaughey renders his character's tribulation splendidly.  Though I don't think it equals his performance in \\"A Time To Kill\\", it comes fairly close.  Phillippe is passable as the arrogant Roulet.  He doesn't come off as menacing as the character could be - all I saw was a Machiavellian pipsqueak but perhaps this is the interpretation the director wanted. It's a shame that Tomei is relegated to the background; I wanted to see more of her, especially since her character was an attorney.  Most everyone else ranges from good to serviceable.  The only error in casting I see here is William H. Macy - why give a man that talented such a short-lived role?  What a waste.<br /><br />Though this kind of story has been done before in different ways and possesses a predictable outcome (most movies like this don't let the bad guys get away), \\"The Lincoln Lawyer\\" is decent entertainment for someone who wants an exciting plot and a denouement that gives a sense of closure.
B004SKHJF2|3.0|the last two updates have been lousy and it doesnt function well anymore. want to improve it?  expand the database!
B00006I53S|5.0|This Lense is an excellent portrait lense for shooting around the house, or semi pro photography. Of course your eye makes the difference, but this is an excellent tool. The image stabilizer and auto focus are seriously fast. Best value for the price in my opinion. This is my second lense like this one in over ten years. I gave the first one to my sister for her trip overseas, and bought another one. Durable, easy to use, and sharp image. Buy it and leave it on the camera, you won't regret it.
B005VR9328|5.0|I reviewed this in a lot more detail on the Funkatopia site[...] but this is my Amazon shortened review that will help you make a buying decision on this album.<br /><br />If you dug How I Got Over, then this album is a perfect compliment to that. They use the same formula as that album where you have intense lyrical content with very hooky sung choruses. Sonically it's amazing. The production quality is impeccable.  just buy it. It's a great album. if you're debating on buying, the physical copy, don't sweat it.  The physical copy doesn't offer much outside of some liner notes. No lyrics or crazy photos. So the accompanying digital booklet is all you'll need. If anything, download the undun app for your phone which will give you lyrics, videos, back story, photos and much more.  It's way better than what actually comes with the physical copy and it's free on both iphone and android phone app stores.<br /><br />My only gripe about this album is the length at just under 40 minutes which is typical for albums nowadays, but when you're used to albums that are twice as long like Illadelph Halflife, it's hard to expect less. This album is very good with about 4 tracks that are instrumental with orchestral accompaniment (1st track and the last 3 - one of which is performed solely by Sulfjan Stephens). The album is a story told in reverse from death to life of a fictional Redford Stephens (no relation to Sulfjan) and this is Black Thought at some of his lyrical best. As are the appearances from Dice Raw, Bilal and others.<br /><br />This is a good solid album that has been very positively reviewed from everywhere. You won't be sorry. It's a great album.
1586487981|4.0|Even more expensive than the hard cover... Is the price fixed according to demand? Shouldn't the electronic version be less expensive because no paper and no distribution costs?
B004EPZ06Q|1.0|The same jokes as the first movie, yet less funny. This sequel is the definition of \\"mailing it in.\\" Do not waste your money.
B004EPZ07U|3.0|True Green Lantern fans may be a bit disappointed over the changes from the comic version but it is an entertaining movie. I think the casting was decent, certainly better than Spiderman. I think Ryan Reynolds did a fine job and was believable in the role and the rest the cast did pretty well too. I am not sure why he didn't like this character. With the success of Deadpool we probably won't see him do the role again. Good special effects and plenty of eye candy make it worth seeing.<br /><br />When a Green Lantern dies their ring chooses another to take their place. When a human is chosen there is skepticism among the older races as to whether the human can live up to the high standards of the protectors known as the Green Lanterns. When a creature composed of fear begins killing races and even Green Lanterns. It is up to them to stop it before it consumes everyone.<br /><br />The only real disappointment I had was to find out Warner Brothers charged me for a Ultraviolet copy that is not on the DVD and that it will require me to install software I don't necessarily want to access a website ran by them. No offense but how does that help me when I don't have access to the internet on a trip or when they have maintenance periods, et cetera. Unlike the standard digital copies that other DVD producers provide that can be used anywhere anytime, this version is far more limited. I highly recommend you boycott Warner Brothers until they adhere to the industry standard digital copies provided on the DVD.<br /><br />CA Luster
B005SJIP2S|1.0|It just doesn't sound right.  Whatever the reason.  The vocals sound sappier than ever, the playing completely uninspired.  It's like three guys from YES who've lost their minds to the point of no longer understanding the sound of their own band.  Wait for the cut-out bin if you want to hear this one.
B005NF2UE6|3.0|I'm a big Nickelback fan, but this CD was a bit of a let down for me. I loved Dark Horse, All the Right Reasons and Silver Side up. This was like listening to a wannabe band trying to mimic Dark Horse with different lyrics but pretty much the same theme running through all the songs. And the songs are not that memorable. \\"When we Stand Together\\" sounds like background music for a commercial. Save your money.
B001P9EQH8|4.0|This is my first headphone amplifier and I'm not impressed. The hiss produced by the E5 is overwhelming. I found some help online that indicated I should turn the volume on the computer up high, and then turn the volume on the amp down low, but the hiss is still very evident at any adequate volume. I'm going to return this and do more review before I purchase a replacement.  On another note, the build quality seems fine. It's obvious that they tried to duplicate the appeal of the current generation iPod Nano. Charging via USB is convenient and the overall build quality is acceptable.  --  UPDATE: Someone pointed out to me that using this amplifier with a computer's audio out is taboo, and this did in fact prove to be the cause of the hiss. Using this amp with my iPod and the 30-pin audio-out cable yields excellent results.
B005OLF6BI|5.0|Saw Taylor in SLC and wished I'd brought a camera. Wished even more, as the concert unfolded, that I'd been able to video tape it - because it was spectacular.<br /><br />I was thrilled when I heard she was bringing her fans this DVD. It's exactly like the show, enabling my family and me to watch it over and over again, refreshing a memory that was one of our years' highlights.
B002ZG99TA|4.0|This DVD was purchased to add to my collection after seeing this movie in the theater. Excellent performances by Pine and Washington, along with a good supporting cast, made this an easy decision for purchasing to see it again at home. The movie has it's share of tension and excitement in trying to control this runaway train loaded with, (what else?) hazardous material. True to life, it could not be full of milk or orange juice.  We are also able to experience what it is like to go through the rail yards and inside the cabs of the monster locomotives. In my opinion, a movie worthy of a second or third viewing.  R.E.W.
0060873027|5.0|Forget about all the negative reviews, this is an excellent book, full of all the action, adventure and great scientific and technical knowledge found in all of Crichton's books.   Who but Crichton would come up with this idea and development  it such a way that I was enlightened and educated as well as entertained. A great read and an even great potential movie.
B0036OS3P6|4.0|I'm a Crocs enthusiast so it was a no-brainer for me to buy these boots when it came time for a new pair.  Though we have yet to get any real snow here this year, I wore them on a slushy rainy morning and my feet were warm and dry all day!  The other reviews were pretty accurate in that they do feel a little tight when you put them on, although through the day they felt good and didn't pinch or get uncomfortable.  And I'm usually a warm person so I didn't have on very thick socks.  If you are the kind of person that wears wool socks all winter, I would order up and extra size from your usual Crocs purchases.  But overall I love the boots--the way they look, the way they feel, and how dry they kept my feet!  Enjoy yours!
B005HPY8LU|1.0|The music is not for her...its actually quite bad. I could write better lyrics. Too much repetition. Not enough showcasing of the finer qualities in her voice. She is singing like a husky ol' lady now. The rock thing and the pigish language in one song is just awkward...I bet she feels stupid singing it too. Please switch too country or just better music. This is the worst album she has put out. Will never buy another one.
B005G4TJI4|5.0|Outstanding!  PQ and AQ are 5x5, and earn my highest accolades.  Michael Bay really pulled out the stops on this one, so don't blink!  Only downside on this release is the lack of special features.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I've been an Evernote user for 6 years and could not work without it.  Before I bought the Kindle Fire, I had to make sure there was an Evernote app.  It works great on the Fire. My notes and docs are with me at all times.  Sync is flawless.
B005D0RDIE|4.0|Just a great concert sound quality was excellent......Had not seen them live since 1981. There is a reason why a band like this stays around for 2 generations to enjoy.
B003F3NEBG|5.0|Overall, I give this version 5 stars.  The outdoor shots look great in Blu-ray, however, the indoor shots are usually a little too dark and cause a little eye-strain.  You have to remember that this movie was made in 1995.  I notice that the newer BBC stuff (such as Downton Abbey) looks great even without the Blu-ray.
B005KJZDXK|1.0|I have to start off by saying that I love the scene in Elf where Zooey is singing Baby It's Cold Outside. If you were expecting that standard of voice and emotion, you will be disappointed, like I was. There are about three songs on the CD that didn't drive me nuts, but by the third chance, even they, started to annoy. The problem is it seems that they did it all in one take and no one listened to it before they shipped it out. In most of the songs she is singing either too slow or too fast (Baby It's Cold Outside), and in many songs she is just painfully out of tune. I don't know what happened to her voice. You can tell there is talent there, but it rarely shows on this CD. A huge problem is that it is devoid of any emotion; she doesn't seem to connect to any of the songs she's singing. I love Christmas music, but I'm sending this one back out the door.   The best thing I could recommend is that you listen to the samples on here a few times before purchasing (it got worse the more I listened). If you have only time for one, try Christmas Day. It's quite a torture.   Good luck and Merry Christmas.
1451629184|2.0|I was told this book was really interesting. I had a hard time, staying focused with this story. Yes, it was sad, but to repedative for me. I just can't believe people can actually do these things.
B002K0WBXW|5.0|I HAD ALREADY SEEN THIS MOVIE A COUPLE OF TIMES, BUT IT'S SUCH A GREAT MOVIE I JUST HAD TO HAVE IT TO WATCH WHENEVER I WANTED TO & I HAVE... TWICE ALREADY - YIKES!!  OF COURSE, DVD IS IN GREAT CONDITION & WOULD ORDER AGAIN FROM THIS SELLER.
B000K7VHPU|1.0|I was very disappointed to find that when i attempted to watch this DVD it skipped a half dozen times because the disc was so scratched. It's not even watchable.
B004SJ3AXI|1.0|Promted for a update and I'm having the same problem i see others have had it's been stuck on download 0% for days and can't get rid of Amazon appstore icon. Anyone figure out how to get rid of this?
B0043KK4N6|5.0|I thought this movie was awesome. It didn't get very many stars, so after I watched it I was a little shocked. Never totally go by how many stars something has, read or watch it yourself to see. The dancing and music was phenomenal.
B004529NKM|5.0|Best Step Up movie out of the three. Man can these kids dance, move, and grove. I just hope they know that author will set in when they hit their 40's.
B005D9MUWY|3.0|Ive loved SKX ever since I picked it up for free from the Amazon store,  however,  since sending many E-mails and texts,  I've began to out type the keyboard,  and am getting lots and lots of hangups where I have to wait for the keyboard to catch up with me.  I do love the ability to change the keyboard size,  my thumbs thank you.  But the most fundamental flaw in this keyboard is to choose an emoticon key instead of a return key.  I use the key in nearly every thing I type,  and it is an incredible nuisance. Your userbase is not 12 and the forums are bloated with this exact complaint.  So you guys get -1 star for the slow typing response,  and -1 star for the dedicated emoticon key.
B005L12SB2|5.0|Well, let me just say that I have to disagree with bob twain.  I think this is a great box and I am glad I bought it.  Here's why: first off, it's a great buy at $50.  You're getting 11 cd's for that price, so that's less than $5 a disc, and these are not old first generation 90's cd's that they usually package up in a 3-pak to sell at a bargain price, these are the newest Kansas remasters that not only sound great, but include bonus tracks on the first five albums AND they include the 2-disc expanded 30th anniversary edition of the Two For The Show \\"Live\\" album.  And, to top it all off, the Monolith cd is remastered here for the first time!<br /><br />The old product description was pretty good, but it seems to have been revised and gives you less info now.  Here is what you get: 10 Classic Kansas albums from the debut in 1974 to Drastic Measures from 1983 all in mini-LP replica form of the original Kirshner Records releases. A 22 page booklet which includes a song listing for each album along with standard liner notes of band members, crew, album dedications, production information, and of course band photos.  Now I will admit that the booklet is slightly on the cheap side because it is black & white only.<br /><br />Oh, and to address that criticism of the white border on all the replica album jackets, well guess what, it makes reading the title on the edge of each album much easier.  They also made the Monolith replica a \\"gate-fold\\" just like the original album.  I really couldn't care less that they have a white border vs. the album art going from edge to edge.  I just think it would make reading the album titles harder.  I will admit that I do not own any of those Japanese SHM releases in mini-LP replica form.  The reason is...I only care about the Music.  Packaging can be nice, but come on, it's the music that matters and this is a nice collection of music for someone who does not own all of these classic Kansas discs.  I consider myself a pretty big fan, but even I did not have Vinyl Confessions or Drastic Measures. In my opinion, if someone really thinks that this set should be given a 1-star rating because of the packaging alone, then they are just a snobby perfectionist and not a music fan.Vinyl Confessions or Drastic Measures. In my opinion, if someone really thinks that this set should be given a 1-star rating because of the packaging alone, then they are just a snobby perfectionist and not a music fan.
B005LY4B0A|4.0|Fun and addictive game. Requires fore-thought and strategy and, though simple and easy to pick up, it can provide quite a challenge in the later levels. Really, my only complaint (and reason for 4 star rating, rather than 5) is that the game doesn't fit itself to tablet screens. It maintains the aspect of a phone app, which can be a bit annoying at times for someone with large fingers (like me). I love being able to play games like Angry Birds on my large tablet screen, and would've enjoyed this one more if it was able to be played at the same aspect. Nevertheless, this is a fun and addictive game, and I would recommend it to anyone.
B000AY74OG|5.0|I'm excited to own this movie cause it's one of my favorite animated movies. Definitely entertaining and funny. I love it and the characters
B000003CMB|2.0|Sure there's some fine playing here ( elizabeth reed is very fine & holds up beautifully) but so much is so long, meandering & indulgent. I was around & listening back in the day & even then while we admired the playing in parts, the album generally ended up as background as we drifted off after 10 minutes of a song, there's no comparison with the greatest stuff of the era or later, its not tight or interesting enough, just another very good in parts but overall sort of boring blues jam of which there are many, compare with the shorter perfect gems of say stevie ray vaughan where he says it all concisely. The elongated GDead stuff, this and others of that jammy ilk now really sound boring & aimless for the most part & the folk that keep raving over them seem to have just never moved on to enjoy other music forms as well or with age & open listening to all that is out there, a more discriminating musical perception. Come on, it's just tedious, like some of the oldies doowop shows from the 50's that a previous generation also can't give up, great though the stuff is in many ways but!!!!! that's all they seemingly listen to! There's a lot of lovely old nostalgia here & folks perhaps are listening with that coloring their perceptions but if you are truly honest & not taking anything to help ease the boring bits, do you really want to sit and listen to this for hours to find the good stuff. If everything had been structured & cut 2/3 at the time you would have a superb album.
B004DLPXAO|1.0|I used to love this app. I worked well, synced easily with my kindle, and was convenient when I found myself with a few unexpected minutes to read.The update that came out yesterday was supposed to just change the permissions.  Instead it swelled the app to 25.75MB and it takes up way too much of the memory on my phone.  I had to uninstall the app.  Please fix,or make the old app available. I miss this app.  It used to be 5 stars, now it's 1 only because I can't give it none.The app takes up mose space that Flashplayer and Maps combined.
B003VS0CX8|5.0|There's alot more detailed reviews of this classic film on blu ray on amazon. Still I had to express how great this blu ray version is. So many movies like the 'horsesoldiers' or 'kelly's heroes'are just thrown out on blu ray; unrestored with dirt on the prints even! it's so bad that you would only pray that each new blu release is going to be done better. NO worries here , this is remastered and looks fantastic! the sound is fantastic, the movie is one of the beloved musicals ever! Julie andrews is perfection in this movie and the songs are beyond classic mostly. Even christopher plummer is awesome and he is not known for musicals! He's still at it in movies too, making great roles as usual.  But this blu ray has set a high standard for what older movies SHOULD look like on blu ray. Buy this one and watch it with someone you love, it's restored and hassongs that will appeal to any age group.
B002UXRGLG|5.0|Im a huge fan of david attenborough and own almost everything hes done. I suggest starting with this series if you are unfamilar with him. If you already own most other series, I would encourage you to buy this one as well - its not just old footage.
B004HO6I4M|5.0|Very fast service. Very happy with service. Will use again. Came within 3 days of ordering. Again very happy with service
1451627289|5.0|So does anybody over 55 or so. I was 16...the murder of President Kennedy remains a central event in the life of anyone old enough to have been aware of what was going on. As for what REALLY happened and why, well...lots of discussions have been had and a multitude of volumes have been written...<br /><br />It seems silly to have to worry about plot spoilers when speaking of an event burned into the collective memory, but such is Mr. King's massive skill. Essentially the book's hero Jake is sent down a \\"rabbit hole\\" back to 1958 with an assignment to live five years and change a past that doesn't want to be changed. Over the course of 800+ pages he has quite a journey.<br /><br />Mr. King has done his homework whether I or anyone agrees with his conclusions or not. (The first two sources he lists at the end come down 180 degrees opposite on the \\"conspiracy\\" question. Bravo). King fans will meet a few Maine folks from previous novels and JFK students will encounter some real people like Malcolm Peery and Jim Hoasty who have had partial new lives written for them.<br /><br />My political views and those of Stephen King are not in accord. But we both love America and recognize the death of JFK for the massive tragedy that it was. Time travel is not a new theme...I've wished for ways to get better intelligence and weapons to Robert E. Lee at Gettysburg (and Antietam) myself. But I'm not sure it has ever been done better. Take the time and read \\"11/22/63\\". If you're past a certain age you will feel compelled; if not you'll want to anyway. Remember: \\"It's only a book\\". But it's quite a book.
B004RC8NUQ|4.0|Surprisingly good, intelligent adult comedy with consistently interesting performances by everyone from the stars to extras with only a single line. I actually had planned to skip this movie; I'm glad I didn't.
B0061JPYX2|5.0|....that there is no more where this came from. Amy Winehouse should have still been singing music like this 40 years from now but instead... A fabulous talent is shown here in music a bit different from \\"Back to Black\\"...old standards superbly done. Yeah, I know that a couple of tracks got tagged \\"explicit\\" but they're not that bad. The familiar cuts are well worth having regardless of other considerations.<br /><br />  The opening \\"Our Day Will Come\\" is a wonderful lead-off, \\"Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow?\\" is great if a bit quirky, and \\"The Girl From Ipanema\\" is nicely done even if those of us over a certain age will automatically hear it with a Brazilian accent. As for \\"Body and Soul\\", her duet with Tony Bennett, it's worth the whole price. As for the rap number, I could have lived without it, but that's me.<br /><br />  This is a disc I can well recommend even if you weren't one of Amy's fans. You'll love it despite the knowledge that it's a way too early swan song.
0792843584|2.0|Very flawed - no doubt - but there are glimpses of the very good film Michael Cimino must have seen in his imagination. There's also the opportunity to learn from many, many errors of others if you ever decide to make a big-budget western.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I really enjoy this game! A Great fun and easy way to pass free time! Love that I can change colors and patterns to make it my own!
B004G600A4|3.0|A fun retelling of the Nativity Story with Rapunzel as both the The Wise Men and The Child. You may need to think about that a bit, but it fits.
0142410705|4.0|Another nerd-lit from John Green (this is only my second book but that seems to be his genre).  Unlike Looking for Alaska which had it's share of drama, this is light and fun all the way.  The central character is a prodigy who really have his way with words, algebraic equations, theorems, etc.  The splattering of footnotes that provided translations, explained equations, and cited trivia was so nerdy (but not irritating), it goes along well with the theme and plot.  Within its unique storyline, a lot of lessons stand out and should not be missed.  Among them:  (1) It is alright to be different; (2) Things does not always turn out the way we supposed they would; (3) People are not always who we thought they are.
087349976X|5.0|Love the book. There are amaizing ideas for wire jewelry. There are exellent beginner, intermediate and advanced ideas. Exellent book for  inspiration.
B005URRCUY|2.0|Danger Mouse ruined my Black Keys. It's a sad day.  I'm sorry, but Dan doesn't need a half dozen vocals layered over his own. He was doing fine without it.  If you want a good idea of how Danger Mouse ruined the album, listen to \\"Little Black Submarine\\".  FIrst half is Dan singing and playing acoustic guitar. Sounds like there was hardly anything added to it. If there is, it's very subtle.  Then the electric guitars kick in and I'm thinking, alright, here we go.  Nope.  Let's layer Dan's voice a hundred times and then layer some woman/women over that a hundred more. No thanks.  I was a bit disappointed in the \\"brothers\\" album also. It went more with a soul sound, but it had some great songs on it.  \\"El Camino\\" has sent them over the cliff, down there with Kings of Leon and the other once good bands gone commercial pop.  Danger Mouse, stay away from the bands I like.
B005NS0VNU|5.0|Of hearing that R.E.M. was placing a bookend on their career, I definitely got nostalgic, and had some cocktails that evening putting their whole catalog on shuffle.  I grew up with these guys and listening to songs, it is like a Cameron Crowe movie where the music does something in your brain and recalls memories of exactly when, where, and what you were doing at that age.  I could write another show like \\"The Wonder Years\\" with the flood of memories I recall growing up with their music.<br /><br />First off, the three new songs are good.  \\"A Month of Saturdays\\" ringing in at 1min 39 sec is very catchy and reminds you of your adolescent attempt in your high school garage band to finish their first song for the big party and thinking that you will not ever write anything better than this.  \\"We All Go Back to Where We Belong\\" 3 min 35 sec is a beautiful R.E.M. song that reminds you of the tender side of \\"Automatic For The People\\" crossed with Belle and Sebastian. \\"Hallelujah\\" 3 min 41 sec is a decent song, but nothing that is going to make a newcomer decide to buy all of R.E.M.'s back catalog, but all and all the three songs alone, for life long fans, are worth the purchase especially at $11.99.<br /><br />As far as the rest of the compilation, it is great.  I would have a hard time picking 37 songs to encapsulate the career of R.E.M. I would have made a few different selections.  Most notably are the selections from \\"Hi-Fi\\", I probably would have chosen \\"Undertow\\", \\"E-bow the Letter\\" with Patti Smith, and \\"Wake Up Bomb\\".  \\"Monster\\" only has one song selected from it, and personally I think it was one of their best albums and the first departure from the \\"old\\" R.E.M.  Should have put a couple more on like \\"Crush With Eyeliner\\", \\"Strange Currencies\\", or \\"Circus Envy\\". \\"UP\\" deserved a bigger nod for the simple fact that it was the first album with out Bill Berry and the balls it took to keep the band going. While it was the first album without Bill Berry, and a departure from old R.E.M. sound, it was a great album that was produced heavily with sound that probably influenced the production techniques for Radiohead's \\"Kid A\\"...just mine and my brothers little conspiracy theory. \\"Around The Sun\\", they have \\"Leaving New York\\" on there, which is probably where it should be left, it just was not their best effort however I still like it better than \\"Reveal\\".  That being said, probably could have snuck in \\"Boy in the Well\\" or \\"She Just Wants to Be\\" respectively.  The songs from \\"Automatic\\" are spot on. \\"Automatic\\" alone is a greatest hits album - great album.<br /><br />There is a good mix of the old R.E.M. on the first disc, and life long R.E.M. fans will go on and on about how this and that should have made the cut, just as I would like to do, but there is a good mix from the IRS days that will satisfy the life long fans and make new comers to R.E.M. salivate for more of the old.  You always heard a lot of grumbling that R.E.M.'s latest album sounded nothing like their old stuff - well I think that was the point.  But with \\"Collapse Into Now\\", it is as close to the R.E.M. from the IRS days with the production value of the new as you can get, and a great bookend to the greatest American rock  band.<br /><br />R.E.M. in the following years will be a band that younger adolescents will turn to much like us growing up in the 80's and 90's would listen to the stuff our parents listened to, such as The Beatles, Elvis, Led Zeppelin, The Rolling Stones, etc...Thank you R.E.M. for the memories, music; and evolving with yourself, your music, and the fans.  Keep rockin'.re from old R.E.M. sound, it was a great album that was produced heavily with sound that probably influenced the production techniques for Radiohead's \\"Kid A\\"...just mine and my brothers little conspiracy theory. \\"Around The Sun\\", they have \\"Leaving New York\\" on there, which is probably where it should be left, it just was not their best effort however I still like it better than \\"Reveal\\".  That being said, probably could have snuck in \\"Boy in the Well\\" or \\"She Just Wants to Be\\" respectively.  The songs from \\"Automatic\\" are spot on. \\"Automatic\\" alone is a greatest hits album - great album.<br /><br />There is a good mix of the old R.E.M. on the first disc, and life long R.E.M. fans will go on and on about how this and that should have made the cut, just as I would like to do, but there is a good mix from the IRS days that will satisfy the life long fans and make new comers to R.E.M. salivate for more of the old.  You always heard a lot of grumbling that R.E.M.'s latest album sounded nothing like their old stuff - well I think that was the point.  But with \\"Collapse Into Now\\", it is as close to the R.E.M. from the IRS days with the production value of the new as you can get, and a great bookend to the greatest American rock  band.<br /><br />R.E.M. in the following years will be a band that younger adolescents will turn to much like us growing up in the 80's and 90's would listen to the stuff our parents listened to, such as The Beatles, Elvis, Led Zeppelin, The Rolling Stones, etc...Thank you R.E.M. for the memories, music; and evolving with yourself, your music, and the fans.  Keep rockin'.
B00005S6K6|4.0|Those of you who are fans of the 1940's black and white classic, Brief Encounter, which was based on a Noel Coward play, should enjoy this movie; it borrows heavily from that film. This one has a much different and more Hollywood style ending however. The acting by DeNiro and Streep carries the film.
B0011UBDTK|5.0|I received this package when it was pouring raining outside. I came home from work to a wet cardboard box. I absolutely knew my DVDs were ruined!! Fortunatley, the packaging was emmacculate! it was tripled wrapped on top of it original shrink wrap. Even though the box was ruined, the DVDs played perfectly, every page was crisp and fresh. Thank you!!!
B000Q6GX8Q|5.0|I have this Blu Ray version and the Ultimate collector's edition. As long as you have one of the versions from 2003 or later the picture will be excellent. That was the year that they fixed up the original print.  I thought the Blu Ray was a little better than the regular DVD, but they are both very good. As for the film, it is one of the top 10 movies ever made and one of the greatest love stories in movie history.  The extras are very good. The dialogue is so good that some of the lines have become part of our culture.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|Can't believe I have all Friends seasons! Already planning to have a marathon with all MY Friends... Special Features rule! Package is very cool, you'll see what I'm talking a bout once you buy it...
B005HWAOCA|3.0|I was a bit disappointed in this Cream reunion. First of all, drummer Ginger Baker does not play all of those fancy fills in this concert. He just tries to keep up and not get off beat. Jack Bruce and Clapton do a good job on the classic Cream songs but the excitement isn't there like it was when they first recorded these blues songs.
B005K15SPG|5.0|Awesome album by a great band. I love the live album and the DVD. There are also some great bonus tracks for those, such as myself who already owned the original album.
B001QXCYZY|4.0|This mic was purchased for a work-video application and has performed much like what I expected. Relatively good at keeping track of the sound you want it to pick up (i.e. voice right in front of it) but it does get some background noise. Overall, I'm very happy with the purchase and the price. I don't have much to compare to, but take it for what it's worth.
B0037LXTUW|5.0|I am a big fan of the whole Dixit series (I own the full game and all expansions).  I have a closet full of many wonderful games, and this one is right up there.  Dixit has just about the highest replay value in any game you can find.  Also, it's one of the most versatile games I've ever played.  Speaking from experience, it is a lot of fun to just play while drinking with friends or to set down with the kids and test their imagination. It's quite amazing how many different ways each card can be described.
0120884674|5.0|The book is for an anthropology major - couldn't find a better Christmas gift.  She loved it. She wants bone books after bone books - go figure.
B003U0AHBO|1.0|If you do a little research, you'll discover that the original screenplay for this movie was called \\"Nottingham.\\"  It was superbly unique and followed the sheriff as the protagonist (instead of Robin Hood) with tons of period research, original direction, and excellent storytelling.  In fact, the script was so good that everyone wanted it!  The bad news was that Ridley Scott got it.  Now, Ridley Scott is a terrific director but he makes big mistakes (see also the theatrical versions of \\"Blade Runner\\" and \\"Kingdom of Heaven\\", which aren't a tenth as good as the revamps).  What did Scott do?  He erased everything original from the script and made it just another bland rehashing of the same ol' Robin Hood.    This movie is completely flat and the scene of Marian in armor, charging into battle, is so laughably absurd that I have to believe someone held a gun to Scott's head and forced him to include it.  Scott's desperate attempts to make medieval characters act with 21st century ideals is all the more ridiculous because there's virtually no character development in this film--and I'm speaking of both the theatrical and the unrated versions, which really aren't all that different.  If you're expecting a totally different, much better movie here (like you got with the director's cut of \\"Kingdom of Heaven\\"), prepare to be disappointed.  This movie is derivative, unoriginal, and offensively stupid.  I feel very sorry for the writer of the original screenplay!
0060873027|1.0|Don't waste your money or time. The plot is ridiculous. The dialogue is stilted and insipid; no one talks like this.
0307946711|4.0|This book is really hard for me to review. The two main characters are characters that I really enjoyed reading about. I may not have liked Dexter, but reading the dialogue and interactions between him and Em throughout the years was fun and emotional. I absolutely did not like the downward spiral of Dexter's life and how he essentially dragged Emma down with him. I could not stand his self indulgence and his over the top arrogance -- oh and also his complete self focus. If I knew Dexter, I wouldn't have known him or associated with him for very long. What kept me reading? The pop references were fun and so familiar, it was like a trip down the path of nostalgia for me, I kind of wonder if that alone is what kept me going. The male/female friendship aspect also was compelling. Perhaps since I have moved on in my life and spend so much time with my kids and husband now, I have long since stopped spending alot of time with close male friends - like I had and did when I was in college and the years after college. So reading those scenes was very nostalgic for me. Many parts of this book were painful for me to read, some truly sad things happen to the lives of Emma and Dexter. They each start their lives with so much hope and so much potential, but they both are limited by their own personality quirks. I admit to skimming parts of this book -- particularly the scenes of Emma and other people and Dexter and other people, those were just not as interesting to me and really completely uselss toward the point of the story. Just boring parts. The ending of One Day is extremely extremely sad. I cried for probably 10 minutes. The day after finishing the book I kept thinking about Emma and Dexter. Would it have been different if Dexter wasn't such a self centered and self indulgent loser? If not for that, Emma and Dexter could have had years of happiness together. Dexter was completely unaware of how he negatively effected those around him -- for example his \\"girlfriend\\" Suki or the horrible scene of the first time Dexter is left alone with his daughter Jazmine. I suppose there is an argument that if the letter from India had just made it to Emma AND IF she had gone to India to see Dexter, maybe just maybe their years of pain could have been avoided. But at any one time, Dexter could have stepped outside of himself. It is just sad that he did not. I don't see this as a tragic or beautiful love story, but truly tragic that Emma could not move on past Dexter. I also don't buy it, I don't believe that two people could have unrequited love for each other for twenty years and spend so much time together. I just do not buy it. I think that time and people have a way of working these things out if they truly love each other and are meant to be.   I rated this book 4 stars for the emotional effect on me, because I could not put it down, and because I did enjoy reading about Emma and Dexter. But I have some major issues with the storyline and Dexter's choices and actions. I have heard that this storyline is compared to When Harry Met Sally, I see why the comparison is made but it really is not the same story. But, I gotta say that I prefer the relationship between Harry and Sally
B0063IH60K|4.0|Great free game with awesome graphics. Helps pass the time when trying to amuse yourself, besides it beats the alternatives
0307341550|5.0|I love a good psychological thriller with disturbingly flawed characters and this book did not disappoint. The main character is a woman struggling to make a life for herself, fleeing her childhood and really, fleeing her mother when she is sent back to her home town as an investigative reporter. She is tasked to report on the gruesome murders of two pre-teen girls, but in the process she gets put right back in the middle of her messed up family dynamics, her small town's social structure, and a potential romance.   Ms. Flynn nails perfectly small Midwest town life. A quote in her description of small town life,   \\"Like all rural towns, Wind Gap has an obsession with machinery. Most homes own a car and a half for every occupant, plus boats, Jet Skis, scooters, tractors, and among the elite of Wind Gap, golf cars, which younger kids without licenses use to whip around town.\\"   Ms. Flynn makes some disturbing observations about parenting and family life - and ties them in to premature death:   As to the death of a young girl, \\"it's the only way to truly keep your child. Kids grow up, they forge more potent allegiances. They find a spouse or a lover. They will not be buried with you. The Keenes, however will remain the purest form of family. Underground.\\"   The situations described in this book are exceptional, but she breaks the image of small rural life as being ideal. Terrifying violence and dysfunction lurks beneath the surface and I have to say, she nailed it in terms of describing my small rural home town. As Flynn writes, the idealic quality of small towns is false. A question is - should people go home once they have fled extreme unhappiness? Can they go home and survive it emotionally? Going home almost undoes Camille and as the story is told the readers see from a disturbing first person angle, Camille's personal psychological problems and the extent of her damage. It was terrifying to read about, but I could not put the book down.   A truly horrifying imageof the protagonist's mother: (view spoiler)[ \\"I remember my mother, alone in the living room, staring at the child almost lasciviously. She pressed her lips hard against the baby's apple slice of a cheek. Then she opened her mouth just slightly, took a tiny bit of flesh between her teeth, and gave it a little bite.\\" (hide spoiler)]   A question I had was, what was Ms. Flynn's message in this? Small rural towns are messed up? Family dynamics can really screw people up? Old school social hierarchies breed disturbing people? I did find it interesting that the men in this story, save one, are thoroughly disappointing and that the evil, cruel and shallow women are images of beauty and physically were ultra feminine in terms of how our society defines such things. The violence that happens to women and girls happens on the brink of girls becoming women, and the things done to them (view spoiler)[ shaving the girls legs, fixing their hair, painting their nails (hide spoiler)] are superficial ways femininity have has been defined in our modern culture. And finally, the evil doers (view spoiler)[ are the ultra beautiful, the ultra coiffed, and the ultra physical female ideals (hide spoiler)]. What comment is Flynn making on images of women, female sexuality and femininity in modern US culture? I am asking because I have not yet decided what the answer is.   I recommend this book for people who enjoy dark psychological thrillers, where the mystery and murder are just set ups for authors to portray dark disturbing characters and fully fleshed but damaging relationships. I would say fans of Tana French, Donna Tartt, and Laura Kasischke would enjoy this book, but beware, it is not for the faint hearted - the decryptions of physical violence can be upsetting.
B0055IU4GM|5.0|Listening to a John Hiatt CD reminds me a lot of reading a John Steinbeck novel, when it ends I want more, more more. Hiatt is a lyrical genius and when he coins phrases like \\"I don't trust no woman whose never been betrayed,\\" I'm simply amazed.
B004LWZW4M|5.0|Even if you are not a big Planet of the Apes fan, this movie is a must see.  I actually don't think I ever saw the old Planet of the Apes movies, just the last recent one from 2007.  You don't even have to have seen any other Planet of the Apes movie to understand what is going on as this is like a new version of how the story began.<br /><br />The movie starts off with a company who uses the chimps to test a trial drug on to cure Alzheimer's.  After an accident, a baby chimp ends up going home with a scientist.  It is amazing to see how the chimp, Caesar, grows and learns everything.  After another accident Caesar ends up in a chimp environment, which is like a prison for him.  After some drama, the movie really takes off with Caesar teaching all the other apes.  He is so smart, he does things I wouldn't even have thought of!<br /><br />I really like this movie and have watched it a few times already!  There is nothing I dislike about it and I am looking forward to a sequel.  The characters are all amazing, although the chimps are probably the main characters!
B0050BPJ50|5.0|Inna style is exactly what is recommended to uplift anyone in the mood to party.  Be it on the dance floor, at the gym, jogging, going to work, etc.  My first experience with Inna was through YouTube play.  Wow, I was hooked.  There are many songs on this collection that make it a good buy.  For those who like uplifting, hopping, dancing music.  The pace of the music is quick.  For readers who are able, just checkout the preview music on YouTube or Amazon Tunes.<br /><br />OK, now be ready for the bad news.  The CD recieved did not actually have the songs. It had links to the songs on the internet. You pop the CD into your computer, and download the music in WAV or MP3 format.  Ok, ok, it takes an extra step.  But, if you need both formats, well this time, forget converting.  Just download both.  Dah ... save a step.  So, now burn a cd with the downloaded MP3 songs or WAV songs.  At least, in my version, that is how it was.  Maybe the company now has actually put the songs onto the plastic CD in the box.  But, I needed to do the extra work.  Again, not a problem for me.  Maybe, if you do not have access to the internet (then how can you read this,) and do not have a computer to burn mp3 or wav, which everybody has (who is older than Abraham Lincoln,) then ok.<br /><br />Now, lets get back to the songs.  Inna music does not have any foul language or dirty language or smelly language, or fighting words, or stuff you may get embarrassed to play when near Father O'Mally or Sister Margret!!  Ok, this is just plain --- FUN music.  From song one to song 10, and on and on and on.  Yet, there is a weakness in INNA as an artist.  So, let us get to the bad news.<br /><br />INNA songs are very one dimensional.  All her songs are basically the same, packaged slightly differently with tempo and words.  Yet, very similar.  So, for those artists that appeal to listeners because the album tells a story ... forget it.  No story here.  So, you have to mix the songs into other music.  Anyway, this is what I do.  A little INNA, a little YANNI, a little BARBERA, a little INNA again, and on and on and on.  But, all INNA, on repeat play.... it would drive me crazy.  It plays well at parties, dancing, etc.  a few songs at a time.<br /><br /> Not a play and listen from end to end.  OK?  Hope this review helps you.A little INNA, a little YANNI, a little BARBERA, a little INNA again, and on and on and on.  But, all INNA, on repeat play.... it would drive me crazy.  It plays well at parties, dancing, etc.  a few songs at a time.    Not a play and listen from end to end.  OK?  Hope this review helps you.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I downloaded the app to break from reading. Great for passing the time and giving the mind a break.  I would recommend.
B0068TJLSY|1.0|Very Boring movie.  Really did not like it. It was good at first then it just went sour after about 20 minutes.  Hated It!
B0050PYNO4|5.0|brought this for my in-laws who love the movie.  once they found out it was not kid friendly I stopped them from watching it with the kids
0316044695|5.0|I read quite a few military books and Lone Survivor is one of the best ones out there.  This story is so incredible that not even Hollywood could do it justice.  It is a must read if you like tales of extraordinary heroism and unbelievable bravery in the face of danger.  The book starts with an overview of SEAL training and ends with one Teams disaster and the 5 day ordeal of its lone survivor.
1878424505|5.0|I find that the 4 Agreements are good guidelines that would benefit all of us to try and adhere to.  Some will be more difficult to apply when it comes to dealing with certain people in your life, and we all have those \\"certain people\\" but all in all I think it makes a difference to do your best with them regardless.  Good read, not too long and easy to understand.  It's all about rising above and being a better person in our day to day lives.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|I have played this game three times over now, it is so much fun, addicting, and quite comical! Do yourself a favor and download it, I swear you won't be let down!!!
0307891402|5.0|The guide is immense, at first I thought I got the wrong book in the mail but it was indeed the strategy guide. Good maps, full color illustrations, and a handy index for finding things not to mention a location by location summary. For the completionist, this guide is perfect.
B006FS22Y8|4.0|\\"Valerie\\" is a great song, was No.2 hit for her in the UK, but America doesn't appreciate such talent so the song was never released here as a single, maybe now it will be. This CD includes the very nice duet with Mr Tony Bennett. Overall it's a good Winehouse CD, some may not like it and say Amy would never had released this material, but it's here and would you rather have nothing??
B000AL730O|5.0|This album took me a few listens before I could really get into it. I actually liked MAF better until I gave this a full and thorough listen instead of just barely listening.   This album takes a full listening experience to understand it, I think. It must simmer in your ears before you can make a complete judgment. But once it finally clicks...my God, you feel dumb for ever doubting its power. On this album more than any other, Paul uses mature lyrics and vocals to tell the story of the point he is at in his life. He is remembering old friends with regret and bitterness, celebrating old friends with homages, celebrating himself by looking back at his catalog and finding songs he likes in order to build onto them. He encourages people who are depressed and going through a rough time. Simply put, I think this is one of Paul's most personal albums, and it is better for it. It is beautiful, haunting, and glorious all at the same time.   My favorite tracks are the bitter Riding to Vanity Fair, the upbeat but cautionary Fine Line, the Blackbird throwback with an excellent story and vocal Jenny Wren, and the Spanish flavored A Certain Softness.  I really think those that gave this a negative review should go back and give it a proper listen, but I guess if you don't like it, you don't like it. And what is with people saying it doesn't sound like typical Paul? What is typical Paul? There is no such thing as a typical Paul McCartney album. Every single album, from McCartney to Electric Arguments, is different. Some of them have similar elements, but none are exactly the same. That's why I think he is such a polarizing figure. People just can't pin his style down. Is he a rocker? A balladeer? A tunesmith? A Vaudevillian? A pop star? He is all of those, and for some people, that is hard to digest. But that's why I love him.
B005CGI4EG|4.0|Got this in October as it seemed to be a great deal for the complete series, and I don't keep packaging, I put my discs in albums.<br />Haven't watched many episodes yet, but of what I've seen the quality seems better than nick-at-night on my HD dish service.<br />Only regret is that this was on sale for $10 less at WorstBuy on Black Friday.<br />Cest La Vie.
B0026IUXO2|5.0|While I loved the film in the context of the overall performances of all the key characters I realized early on that there was no way you can tell a 40 year story in 2 plus hours. Most noticeable to me was the demise of Mary, Queen of Scots, apparently at the hands of Walsingham when in fact she died in the tower after many years. Anyway, some license with history can be forgiven in this instance. By the way Mr. Rush was superb as Walsingham.
B0053VKP8S|5.0|Did what it was suppose to....easy to use. I used it on a TV that only had optical out for earphones.
B004X80QNG|5.0|So glad when I woke up to this being the faotd! This is way better than jorte or any other calendar app out there.
0756404738|1.0|I got this book expecting big things.  After all, The Name of the Wind was one of the books I have enjoyed the most and this really made me hope that the sequel could carry on with the same standard.  Unfortunately, Wise Man's Fear was the ONLY book I have stopped reading in 2011.  I found the beginning to be rather dragged out with nothing new happening from the end of Name of the Wind.  Some events which should have been exciting and interesting, like being attacked by pirates, which mentioned in an off-handed manner.  I'm sure it would have been more interesting than what was actually presented to us.  But the thing which really got to me was the fact that Rothfuss toyed with us regarding Kvothe's future expulsion from the university.  We know that he will be expelled from reading the back of the book and the flap so this isn't exactly a spoiler.  but he teases and drags it out whenever Kvothe does something.  The punishment for this if caught is expulsion. Come on, I can understand wanting to put in a bit of tension but this was annoying.  The only reason why it doesn't have one star is that Rothfuss has a way with words and his writing is always extremely polished.  Maybe it has to do with the amount of time it took to get this book out.
1250004349|5.0|I really loved this book! I loved toggling back and forth from 10-year-old Sarah's story in 1942 to present time Julia's story and finding them connect. I also had very limited knowledge of 1942 France, so this story really moved me to learn more about those tragic events. Very well written, great story, kept me intrigued from start to finish!
0446573019|2.0|Okay. You have a character that is a loner, has a brusque attitude, spent his entire life as a military brat and in the military, is/was a military cop, has this magic clock in his head where he always knows what time it is, father and brother were in the military, is about 6'4\\" and muscular, ruggedly handsome, has a serious penchant for coffee, everyone refers to him by his last name only, goes to a small town and beats up the local bully by headbutting him, begins a romantic relationship with local law enforcement, and what begins as a small incident escalates to something much bigger. Am I describing Jack Reacher from the Lee Child novels? No, this is David Baldacci's latest character in Zero Day. Not only is it a blatant rip off of Lee Child, it is not particularly well written. I have been a David Baldacci fan from all of the Camel Club novels, but this book is not his best work. 50 pages in I had to convince myself to keep reading. I would not recommend it.
B003O85W3A|5.0|Arcade Fire is a band that grew on me quickly and like a wildfire in a windstorm, I was enthralled by their music. The band, which consists of anywhere from 6-11 people create a complex and unique sound that fit the indie and main stream well. Where they haven't made it fully into the mainstream (and I hope they never do) they still have a massive following.<br /><br />I first discovered their music about 2 years ago while I was perusing some indie bands and their counterparts. I heard a few songs and was instantly a fan. Their newest album which came out August 3 is another amazing album and this time around they decided to try a bit of a more of a themed album.<br /><br />The Suburbs gives us a range of songs from acoustic to punk to disco to techno. The disco style as well as the techno are not your normal styles they are entirely Arcade Fire and work so well.<br /><br />The shifts in this album from one style to the next gives you no room for stagnation.<br /><br />Like all albums from even my favorite bands it takes me usually about 2 listens to for me to enjoy it and about 4 times for me to love. This album is on par with that standard. The first time through i was soaking in all of the differences from their other 2 albums. The second time i am getting used to the lyrics, the melodies and the overall arc of the album. listens 3 and 4 are pure enjoyment and the embrace of the changes and the memorization of the lyrics so when in the shower I find myself humming or singing the lyrics.<br /><br />This album is phenomenal, like their other 2 it's stride is its own and to try and compare it to another one of their albums cannot be done.<br /><br />The CD is very generic and the packaging is cardboard and the CD and lyrics slips in like many newer albums. The Lyric booklet is cool because all the lyrics are all hand written so it gives you a sense of closeness. The photos are very cool because they all look old school from the 60's or 70's.<br /><br />If you have not heard of Arcade Fire before here is a song off the new album and if you have heard of them, please listen to this album.you have heard of them, please listen to this album.
0811870413|5.0|In my long hunt for the perfect bread I tried this book. It was it. Perfection. I had trouble with the sourdough starter, so I got some from a friend and then followed the rest of the recipe. I also keep my sourdough starter in the fridge because I only bake this bread once a week.  The recipes for day old bread have all been amazing. We've made over 6 of them and have loved them all.
0439023513|4.0|The final book in the Hunger Games trilogy has came to a close and it closed with a bang.<br /><br />I am not going to give any spoilers since this is a new book and many might have it on their list to read.<br /><br />For me the book starts off slow but its setting up a whole new story, which is good but light on action. After about 100 pages things start to pick up and go up and up and up from there. This book pulls some similarities from the first two books but is much more brutal in its execution. Mockingjay is by far the most violent of the three books. With this amount of violence it felt like the other 2 should have been this way. I am up for more violence in my books so I was happy to see it come to fruition.<br /><br />Every time you think you have figured something out in this book BAM right at the last page of the chapter she throws in a twist. Some of the twists I saw coming but most were so grand in scale and story that I would have never guessed in a thousand years that Suzanne Collins would pull the book in those directions. The twists towards the end were poignant to the conclusion.<br /><br />One of the best things I liked about this book was there wasn't as much of the romance/love triangle crap in this one as the other two.<br /><br />The end was bittersweet for me. I liked the way that Ms. Collins brought the trilogy to a close but I felt that it could have been a bit more detailed and less rushed as the rest of the book. Overall i liked this book especially the violence, but I think I liked the first two just a tich more. I would give this story a 4.5 or even a 4.75 where I gave the other two 5's. If you have read either of the other 2, this is a must read. It brings everything to a close and ends it with closure.
630463949X|5.0|[...]<br />I HAVE THE C.D. AND THE V.H.S. NOW I HAVE IT ON DVD.IT'S ONE OF THE BEST PERFORMANCE'S BY FLEETWOOD MAC.I DON'T KNOW IF THEY NEEDED<br />THE MONEY OR WHAT, BUT WITH ALL THE STRANGE RELATIONSHIP'S IN THIS BAND. IT'S AMAZING THAT THEY COULD EVEN COME CLOSE TO PUTTING ALL<br />OF THAT BULL CRAP ON THE BACK BURNER AND JUST PLAY THE MUSIC AS ONLY THEY CAN,WITH A LOT OF ENERGY, AND THE VOCAL'S BY BOTH<br />STEVIE NICKS AND CHRISTINE McVEE(HER FINAL PERFORMANCE WITH THE BAND SAID SHE WAS JUST GETTING TO OLD)IT WAS A GOLDEN PERFORMANCE.<br />ALMOST WHEN THEY BROKE THROUGH WITH THE \\"RUMORS\\" ALBUM. A MUST HAVE C.D. IN MY OPINION.AND A MUST HAVE DVD.
0439023521|5.0|I will admit that this book, for the longest time, I did not want to read. Why? Because my wife read it right around the same time she read all the twilight novels and its a \\"teen\\" book so I grouped this book into the same category. Wow, was I wrong. Dead wrong...<br /><br />This book took me about 60 pages to really get into but after that it was a, I have to stay up to finish this book, type of book. The gist of the story is the USA is no more. A Capital has taken over the country and divided up the US into 12 districts each providing a unique product to the capitol. Every year to remind the districts that the Capitol is in control they choose a boy and a girl from each district and pit them against each other in a battle royale titled The Hunger Games. There can only be one victor and he or she is then given money, a home and are removed from ever entering the games again.<br /><br />Katniss, the protagonist of this book is chosen in the games and is pitted against a fellow district boy who saved her life when she was younger and starving to death. Throughout the games allies are formed, betrayals are had and the end is something the Capitol doesn't want. Hope. Hope for the overthrow of a nation.<br /><br />The story started off a bit slow but once she is chosen for the games zips right along and continues at a break neck pace till the last sentence of the book. There is quite a bit of violence in this book, which is to be expected in a battle royale situation but I found the violence to be less then I expected. About 4 years ago I read \\"Battle Royale\\" by Koushun Takami which is in a way a similar book. That book was very, very violent. So, I was expecting something similar to that. But being a Teen book there isn't any way it could be.<br /><br />The only down fall about this book, and this is coming from a males perspective, is the whole love triangle thing. Of course this book had to have one to appease the teenyboppers but I wish they could have not put so much into it. But at the same time it plays into the next book more than I had realized upon reading this first installment.<br /><br />With the third and final act of the hunger games coming out next week, I am very eager to see how she wraps things up.<br />If you want a book about a big brother, to the death type book. Read this book. You will not be disappointed.ays into the next book more than I had realized upon reading this first installment.  With the third and final act of the hunger games coming out next week, I am very eager to see how she wraps things up.  If you want a book about a big brother, to the death type book. Read this book. You will not be disappointed.
B005NS0VNU|3.0|I'm usually not a big fan of best-of's, and I didn't want to get this one, but I was interested in hearing the last three tracks, namely \\"A Month of Saturdays\\", \\"We Go Back to Where We Belong\\", and \\"Hallelujah\\", so I, instead, borrowed it from my local library.  I was a bit disappointed with \\"Saturdays\\" the first time I heard it, but I gave it a second chance and it's beginning to grow on me.  It's a cute pop song with their former sense of humour somewhat intact.  \\"Hallelujah\\" and \\"Where We Belong\\" are much stronger and sound somewhat elegiac, as if to say goodbye to thair audience.  The former opens with a distant-sounding reverb-heavy drum riff, followed by a nice acoustic riff, then a eerie-but somehow-soothing synthesized string section that, combined with vocals, makes for a truly beautiful track.  \\"Belong\\" comes across sounding like a rewrite of \\"Man on the Moon\\" complete with the sort of horn section one might hear on a Burt Bachrach song - titles such as \\"Walk On By\\" and \\"I Say A Little Prayer\\" come to mind.<br /><br />Since I have all the other albums spotlighted in this collection, I felt it best to just see if I could get the last new ones at no charge - and it proves to be a very wise investment.
0439023491|5.0|Just when you think a book has reached its precipice, it climbs a little higher before jumping off an edge blowing your mind with twists and turns and all matters of violence making you realize that you were climbing the wrong mountain. It's violent, full of treason and plot, and will have you guessing to the last page.<br /><br />The second book in the Hunger Games trilogy takes off right where The Hunger Games left off. I read this book in 3 days and it was fantastic. We not only get to see more unraveling of the Capitol but we begin to see the impact Katniss has made on the districts and the fear and hate the Capitol has for this one young woman. All that she holds near and dear to her are threatened and their lives depend on her ability to calm the other districts from revolution.<br /><br />I found myself liking this book more than the first because there was less cheesy love triangle stuff and more Viva Revolution! and more violence from the first. I am kind of a sucker for violence like this in books. This book gave you a glimpse of the creativity this author has put into the \\"how to kill off these characters\\". Each death is tied to the next in this book, everything you think about this book will be twisted and turned and as you read the last sentence your mind will be blown!<br /><br />Again, I didn't want to read these books for the longest time, but thanks to a trip to California I was able to leave my prejudice at home and really get into these books. I am anxiously awaiting the conclusion to see how all the things play out in one weeks time.
B001AIRUOU|5.0|Shipped very quickly! I was afraid I wouldn't receive it until after Christmas, but it's here! In the condition as described. I am very happy with my purchase.
B0017SWPXY|5.0|Thank you, Mr. Stein, for your delightful book. The analogies between racing and life are poignant. The wisdom of Enzo is penetrating and told with such a fresh, innocent but wise voice. This is one of my favorite books of all times.
8186336141|5.0|This is the third asana practice based book I've reviewed, the others being Iyengar's classic Light on Yoga (LoY) and Yoga: The Spirit and Practice of Moving into Stillness by Erich Schiffmann.  This yoga manual (the back cover refers to it as a \\"reference text\\") from the Bihar School of Yoga is heavy on substance and light on frills.<br /><br />What I mean is clear as soon as you open the book.  Instead of photos of lithe yogins and yoginis (think Schiffmann) or intimidating poses of Iyengaresque perfection, what you get is simple black and white drawings with lots of descriptive text.  Readers searching for a soft and cuddly yoga text might be put off by this, but they would be cheating themselves if they then closed the book.  For what is contained in these pages is quite possibly the most complete and authoritative \\"cookbook\\" for yoga practice I've ever seen.<br /><br />Those who've read my review of LoY may well be surprised by this statement.  Indeed, there are ways in which LoY is definitely superior-most notably in its extensive five-year plus asana program, as well as therapeutic programs to treat specific ailments.  But there are also ways-important ways-that Asana Pranayama Mudra Bandha (henceforth APMB) has the edge.<br /><br />First is the organization of the asanas.  In Iyengar's text asanas proceed generally from less advanced to more advanced, but there are no internal divisions among the asanas.  For example, if you want to find just the forward bending asanas, you can't do it via the table of contents.  Instead, you'll have to sift through the text, looking at the pictures or, if you know the specific asanas you're looking for, go to the index.  If you're just going by Iyengar's routine as outlined in the back of the text, this is okay, but if you're wanting to use the book in a more free-style fashion, then this is less than ideal.<br /><br />APMB, by contrast, is intelligently arranged for someone who wants to take charge of their yoga routine.  A peek at the table of contents immediately shows what I mean.  The major division is by experience level-beginner's group, intermediate group, and advanced group-but then within each of these groups the asanas are arranged according to their specific characteristics.  So for example, under the intermediate group you have asanas that employ padmasana, or forward bending practices, or spinal twisting, etc.  The beginner's group is especially well suited for complete neophytes, and it would be advice well heeded to not begin the intermediate practices until you're thoroughly comfortable them.  They include warm-ups (the pawanmuktasana series), relaxation postures, standing postures, vajrasana-based postures and others, including surya and chandra namaskara.<br /><br />I think also the descrptions for each asana are in general better than in LoY.  A typical posture has the following: a black and white hand drawn picture, a detailed description of how to enter and exit the pose, then, each with bold headings (to easily pick them out), details on breathing, duration (how long to hold, how many times to do), awareness (where to concentrate), sequence (in relation to other postures), contraindications and benefits.  What more could you possibly ask for?<br /><br />And this is just for asanas.  Fully 160 pages are devoted to detailed discussions of a progressive pranayma course, mudras (and how to integrate them into practice), and bandhas.  As an added bonus, you even get a section on shatkarma-practices on physical and mental \\"cleansing\\".  By comparison, Iyengar devotes a measley 37 pages to these subjects, but has nothing on mudras or shatkarma.<br /><br />I guess the only serious complaint I have about the book is that it lacks the sort of pre-programmed courses that are so helpful in LoY.  This is sort of made up for in the sections on \\"sequence\\"; however, it seems the writers at the Bihar School of Yoga are still practicing an approach to asana that seems to have goneout of style in the last twenty years or so.  This is the notion that every pose should be followed by its \\"counter-pose.\\"  (Please someone correct me on this if I have gotten it wrong!)  Erich Schiffmann suggests a quite different approach (pp. 349-50), which I've adopted: e.g. emphasis on standing postures one day, then forward bends, then backbends, then the cycle repeats.  Every day should have twists and inversions, and you're never too old for sun salutations.  APMB is perfect if you adopt this mode of practice, because the organization of the text is tailored to suit.  Yet another point in this fine work's column!<br /><br />The only other suggestion for improvement I would make is that the section on yogic \\"subtle\\" physiology probably should have been moved up toward the front of the book, before the asanas, as part of the general course on yoga terminology.  As it stands now, someone reading into the text will see references to visuddhi chakra etc and possibly not know what this means because the terms are not introduced until the end.  This is a small complaint though, and I think it would be hard for anyone to go wrong with this book.out of style in the last twenty years or so.  This is the notion that every pose should be followed by its \\"counter-pose.\\"  (Please someone correct me on this if I have gotten it wrong!)  Erich Schiffmann suggests a quite different approach (pp. 349-50), which I've adopted: e.g. emphasis on standing postures one day, then forward bends, then backbends, then the cycle repeats.  Every day should have twists and inversions, and you're never too old for sun salutations.  APMB is perfect if you adopt this mode of practice, because the organization of the text is tailored to suit.  Yet another point in this fine work's column!<br /><br />The only other suggestion for improvement I would make is that the section on yogic \\"subtle\\" physiology probably should have been moved up toward the front of the book, before the asanas, as part of the general course on yoga terminology.  As it stands now, someone reading into the text will see references to visuddhi chakra etc and possibly not know what this means because the terms are not introduced until the end.  This is a small complaint though, and I think it would be hard for anyone to go wrong with this book.
B001GCUNWQ|5.0|We like watching this movie on road trips or we will watch it at home if have not seen in awhile.
B002BU0DPE|1.0|Based on the existing reviews on Amazon, I decided to buy this headset to use for gaming on my PC and to chat on Skype on my Mac.  The headset plugs into the USB port, though there is also a headphone jack that you can use to plug into devices that do not enable you to select audio-in and audio-out through USB. However, keep in mind that this headset requires powered USB to operate - you cannot, for instance, plug the headset into an MP3 player and expect to hear music.  The deal breaker for me was that the USB amplifier had a subtle background noise whenever it was on. Turning up the computer's volume and turning down both volume knobs on the amplifier did not help whatsoever. Switching between these headphones and a traditional headset that plugged directly into the headphone jack was a gigantic difference. I found absolutely no way to remove this noise. I tried the headset on a notebook, on a desktop, in Mac, and in Windows, and the hissing noise would remain. I am under the impression that the hissing is simply a byproduct of the USB amplifier and that every headset will have this hiss - in other words, I don't believe that I got a faulty unit, and that the hissing is within the manufacturer's specifications.  I have owned too many USB headsets that were less expensive than this headset to tolerate hissing in this set. While many other reviewers have been able to look past it, I felt that at this price range I shouldn't have to be distracted by constant noise when I have used many other headsets that have provided me with a noise-free experience. The amplification simply isn't worth it.  I returned these to Amazon the day after they arrived and got my money back.
1612130585|5.0|**Warning, mild spoilers below**   When I finished the first book in this series, Fifty Shades of Grey, I was very anxious to start Fifty Shades Darker. I have been an avid reader my entire life, but I've never read any books that invoke such a powerful feeling of reality and emotion as this series does. I had an urgent desire to find out what was next for Ana and Christian, I could so easily see both of them as being real. It was so easy for me to put myself in Ana's place, to be her, to feel what she felt, and to think her thoughts. I know that I am completely enamored with a book and it's characters when I feel as if my 'real life' gets in the way of exploring the world an author has set up for me, and that has happened with this series to the point that I am considering making an appointment with Dr. Flynn to talk about it. *grin* I find myself using all sorts of \\"Fifty-isms\\" in my daily speech now, and as I said in my review of Fifty Shades of Grey, I am Fifty Shades of Obsessed with Christian Grey, his twitchy palms, and the glimpses of the forlorn little boy he still is deep inside. The character development that occurs in this book is phenomenal, and although it appears outwardly that Christian is the one with all the 'issues', we see a side of Ana's insecurities come to light as well. In their own way, they both are a bit lost, and are trying to find their way out together. It is so very touching and realistic, and honestly, I think everyone has their own set of 'issues', and we are all just looking for the person with whom we can be ourselves, yet become something more at the same time. This is what Ms. James has captured so well in this series so far...two people that come together quite by accident, and despite their issues (or maybe because of their issues), find something MORE together...and truly, isn't that what we all are really searching for in life?   I can't wait to read Fifty Shades Freed...my inner goddess is pining away for more of that twitchy palmed control freak, and my subconscious is peering over her half moon glasses at the publisher to try and intimidate them to make haste with the release of Fifty Shades Freed, LOL. Thanks so much, Ms. James for weaving such a great story.
B005URRCUY|5.0|\\"Long live rock, be it dead or alive.\\" Roger Daltry of The Who ironically howled these words at the height of blues based rock (early seventies). The Black Keys are almost single handedly saving the genre. Vocalist/guitarist Dan Auerbach and drummer/producer Patrick Carney throw stones cicra 1969 while sniffing white stripes and partying like it's 1999. Their latest, El Camino rocks hard and true and should bring a smile from both hipsters and classic rockers.<br /><br />Lonely Boy kicks off a string of gleaming rock pearls. Highlights include the boozey acoustic blues of Little Black Submarines and the intoxicating rawness of Money Maker. I've heard complaints of the record being over-produced. I disagree. It just sounds good. The last thing one wants to do with good rock n roll is over think it... The blues based artists of the past knew that you felt it down south where things tend to swell and get hot. Turn this up and  feel the heat.<br /><br />At a time when mellowing youngsters are listening to Adele and aging boomers are crossing over to country, there is at least one quality alternative for indie and classic rockers: The Black Keys.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I've tried a couple of different versions of solitaire and this is one of the best. its intuitive, easy to use and positions the cards so they're easy to use with one hand. def. recommended.
0439023513|4.0|Mockingjay, written by Suzanne Collins, is my least favorite part of the three book series, The Hunger Games. When i was reading the book, i felt as if the author started out not really knowing what she wanted to write, as the book was pretty slow at first. As i got toward the middle of the book, i think her story line was becoming clearer to her. It started speeding up and getting more interesting. The last third or so of the book was written well. I felt like she started off not knowing what to do and she just kept on writing until she realized that she had to put all of the rest of her information into just the one book. Then, she pulled it together at the end. Over all, Mockingjay was well written and a good addition to The Hunger Games series.
0385343175|1.0|Where have you gone Danielle?  Are you letting one of your daughters write for you now??  This is the SECOND book of yours that sounds like someone else has written/dreamed up!  Hugues runs the hotel - EVERY ASPECT - we get that!  If she said it once - she said it eleventy million times in this book!  If you were to take out all of the redunancy - it would be a somewhat decent short story!  I agree with some other posters - I used to buy and read every DS book available.  No more.  First time EVER it has taken me almost three weeks to finish a Danielle Steel book - UGH!  Never again.
B001E25MBK|5.0|VERY PROTECTED, ORIGINAL BOX AND PACKAGE (EXCELLENT FOR GIFTS) AND QUICK!!! THANKS A LOT!!! I RECOMMENDED FOR SURE!!! THANKS THANKS THANKS!!!
B00030EIXW|5.0|Kleiber finally got it right here, actually he got it well nigh perfect, Beethoven's 7th symphony that is.  I was one who did not care for his approach to the 7th in Vienna in '75, which was virtually the same as Munich (Bavarian State Orchestra) in '82.  As the British Penquin guys noted, those performances were &#34;incisively dramatic (with the) symphonic argument never yield(ing) to the charm of the dance&#34;.  In other words, they were over-driven and unrelenting.  What the 7th needs is a balance of momentum and thrust with what an earlier review hints at as &#34;sparkle&#34;.  This I would elaborate as a sense of joy, a singing lilt, a jaunty bounce as well as the charm of the dance.  A delicate balance yes, but it can be done, and Kleiber does it here as well or better than anyone.  So in the one year between Munich in '82 and this performance in Amsterdam with the Concertgebouw in '83 Kleiber had the epiphany and saw the light.  As other reviews on these pages have noted, Kleiber's conducting exuberance and virtual dancing on the podium adds to the overall effect.  This performance of the 7th may be the best, just ahead of very good ones by Cantelli, Karajan, Levine and Tennstedt.<br /><br />Much the same thing could be said about the Beethoven's 4th symphony.  Kleiber's '83 performance with the Bavarian St. Orch. is very driven and very dramatic with little in the way of charm.  By contrast the present performance from the same year with the Concertgebouw has plenty of festive sparkle, liveliness and vitality, warmth and smiles.  It also takes pride of place, a stride above the very good 4th's by Bernstein (New York), Cluytens and Karajan.  Again Kleiber demonstrates his liveliness on the podium showing as much motion and emotion as Bernstein ever did.  With two great performances this DVD is essential to any lover of the symphonies of the immortal Beethoven.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Amazon is not updating apps, and this is currently out of date with the market version.  This is a great time killer and fun games for kids.
B0063IH60K|5.0|great game. intuitive<br />free. has data and record of win/loss Stat<br />my favorite game on kindle fire .<br />a real keeper and highly recommended
B0050CQY1W|5.0|Ok so let me start off by saying that I am in no sense of the word a \\"FAN\\" of Beyonce. To me, she is pretty average. I have heard previous albums (I have B'DAY and her debut album on my MP3 just because of wanting a variety) and I was never impressed. She would always put 2 or three good tracks mixed in with bad ones making up the rest. I also never really liked her voice, and to a point still don't. BUT.............This album is, shall I say, \\"OFF THE CHAIN\\". The first track on the cd had me jamming right away. And I'm not talking about head bobbing jamming, I mean \\"Im loving the lyrics and the sound\\" jammimng. The only track I dont like is the one about girl power or something, but other than that I just let it play. So I must say Well Done Ms. Knowles. I wont say I am a fan but I got my ears on alert now. Looking forward to see what she does next.
B004FRX0MY|1.0|Crashes DroidX2 after playing for anywhere from 2 to 10 minutes. Also runs the battery down quickly. I do not recommend this player.
0811879631|5.0|I love pixar and ive always loved their color scripts.  I wish there was a dgital copy or companion to this book.  But i understand they dont want people to post it all over the internet.  But still the book is amazing.
B005K17RU0|5.0|This has worked well on my Kindle Fire from day 1.  I like that it shows the temp and general description on demand in the notifications area.
0345529057|5.0|I ordered this set after watching the TV series and wow, I did not know what I was missing!! I have finished the first 3 books and am halfway on the fourth and looking to order the fifth. The series is very good, hard to put down the book. They arrived quickly, and are of a nice quality. No problem with them so far, only wish I had known about this series sooner.
B0055V6EZE|5.0|Who would've thought that a well known TV actor that plays the roll of a doctor would have the finesse to sing the blues? Well, to say the least, I was pleasantly shocked. After the first play, I had to hear the CD again ... and again. I listened to it several times and was really enjoying it more and more with each play.  To my surprise, my wife who usually doesn't care for blues, and usually doesn't listen to the blues, really liked it too.  If you're unsure of this one because of who it is, I beg you to give it a try, and I think you'll be pleasantly surprised too.
0399226907|5.0|This is a beautifully illustrated story about a caterpillar that turns into a beautiful butterfly.  It is a wonderful gift for expectant mothers-to-be.
0553801473|5.0|To preface this review, I wanted to inform you that this is a review of the unabridged audio-book version of A Dance With Dragons (ADWD). Every word of the book is read to the listener in an unabridged reading with the actor changing his voice slightly for different characters and using a neutral voice for narration. I have listened to all of a A Song Of Ice And Fire (ASOIF) in audio-book format as I simply don't have time to sit down and read such lengthy novels. I highly recommend this type of \\"reading\\" for people who have to commute a lot or spend lots of time working with their hands on mindless tasks (for me this entails renovating my 1850 home and landscaping the backyard).<br /><br />Not wanting to write a spoiler review, let me just say \\"wow, I did not see that coming!\\" I think you will be shocked toward the end of the book - I was both saddened and very curious to know more. I can't say more than that without spoiling it. A Dance With Dragons is better than night soil!<br /><br />In regards to how long it took for Martin to write this book, I agree with Brent Weeks' opinion post that George's readers probably shouldn't have to wait almost 6 years for the release of a book, but on the other-hand I can understand why it would take so long to write a book like ADWD. It seems to me the average author takes one to two years to write a book. ADWD is fully twice the length of the average novel that comes out - it is truly epic in both scope and words. In addition, George was working on other books in that time-frame as well as dealing with the HBO adaptation of A Game Of Thrones. With these considerations, I see how it could take between three and six years to write the sequel (or in this case parallel) to A Feast For Crows (AFFC). Still, I just wish it didn't have to take that long. Now that the initial push with HBO is done, with all the publicity and now Hollywood behind him, and a horde of new fans bugging him, I think we can expect to see the next book in the Song coming along within two years - but really, who am I to say?<br /><br />All that out of the way, now onto the meat of the review. ADWD is an exquisitely written gritty tale, peppered throughout with colorful terms such as \\"night soil\\" pulling its readers a little deeper into George's imagination with every page turned. Simply stated, Martin is just an excellent writer and his huge world is highly organized. The scope is vast with so many plot-lines, sub plot-lines, and side plot-lines keeping the reader entertained and always guessing. His story contains many players - both main and side characters - and you never really know which ones are going to die next. George revisits some of the characters that we didn't see in AFFC just enough to keep us up to date on what is going on in their lives, while he focuses more on other characters and developing their stories more fully. You will find yourself falling in love with characters you hated in previous books, and you will despise some characters even more! George does a great job with getting us to know his characters, understand what is in their minds and hearts, what motivates them and gets them to do the things they do and even why they repent. It is a joy to watch martin break his characters both mentally and physically as he does it so fantastically. George really knows how to tell a tale and ADWD will leave every epic fantasy reader satisfied that they got their money's worth.<br /><br />This tale stretches across two continents and really beings to bring the whole story we've been reading thus far together. And the dragons, wow! These are some ferocious beasts. These creatures are not the little dragonlings that were crawling on Daenerys' shoulder on the HBO version of A Game Of Thrones. These creatures are huge behemoths that can spout large gouts of flame effortlessly and endlessly to consume their prey and foes. These dragons are nasty, nasty creatures - there is not much controlling them as they are truly wild beasts.<br /><br />As with the other stories in the Song, ADWD does move along rather slowly compared to many other authors out there. You are however rewarded with richer detail, but not so much as some authors I've read who make you want to skip five pages just to find out what is going on. George balances description with plot very well - perhaps balanced more on the description side, but not too much that he keeps you from wanting to read further. It is a page turner and you won't want to put it down.<br /><br />The only true downfall I can put on this book is that it is actually only half of a story. A Feast For Crows and A Dance With Dragons are mostly written parallel to one another as the scope of the series has become so vast, Martin simply can't capture a section of a timeline in one book. While I knew this before I even started ADWD, I ended up missing my favorite characters like Samwell, Brienne, and of course Jaime. We do catch snippets of them, but I miss reading them especially after we've been waiting more than 5 years. ADWD and AFFC being the whole of a single book also begs the question, will ASOIAF be eight books long now (previously the series was estimated to be 7)?<br /><br />George seems to be holding true to his philospohy that evil always triumphs over good, chaos over order, falsehood over truth, and darkness over light. But as always he leaves the door open just a crack so that at the end of this series (however long it may be) the good guys could still possibly win out and may indeed triumph. But time is running out. Winter is here. It is a fact that can now be seen even on the Dothraki Sea. Are the dragons going to be the power that defeats the mysterious god of ice we've barely heard mention of? Who is Varys actually working for? Lots of questions arise from reading ADWD and hopefully they will begin to be answered in the next book.<br /><br />Recently ADWD was voted on goodreads.com to be the best fantasy novel of the year by readers like you and I. This is definitely deserved. I voted for Patrick Rothfuss' The Wise Man's Fear and even after having finished ADWD I would not change my vote. It was a tough year for Pat going against George. I am sure Wise Man would have won had there not been the media hog (deservedly so) that ADWD has become because of HBO. I'd bet 80% of the votes for ADWD would have gone to Rothfuss had ADWD not been in the running, putting it probably on the top, closely contested with Erin Morgenstern's breakout novel (which is definitely now in my to-read list). But those are the breaks - they WERE released the same year and even if both ADWD and TWMF are excellent stories deserving of the number one spot, \\"there can be only one\\"! I am very happy to give A Dance With Dragons 5 out of 5 stars!uly wild beasts.<br /><br />As with the other stories in the Song, ADWD does move along rather slowly compared to many other authors out there. You are however rewarded with richer detail, but not so much as some authors I've read who make you want to skip five pages just to find out what is going on. George balances description with plot very well - perhaps balanced more on the description side, but not too much that he keeps you from wanting to read further. It is a page turner and you won't want to put it down.<br /><br />The only true downfall I can put on this book is that it is actually only half of a story. A Feast For Crows and A Dance With Dragons are mostly written parallel to one another as the scope of the series has become so vast, Martin simply can't capture a section of a timeline in one book. While I knew this before I even started ADWD, I ended up missing my favorite characters like Samwell, Brienne, and of course Jaime. We do catch snippets of them, but I miss reading them especially after we've been waiting more than 5 years. ADWD and AFFC being the whole of a single book also begs the question, will ASOIAF be eight books long now (previously the series was estimated to be 7)?<br /><br />George seems to be holding true to his philospohy that evil always triumphs over good, chaos over order, falsehood over truth, and darkness over light. But as always he leaves the door open just a crack so that at the end of this series (however long it may be) the good guys could still possibly win out and may indeed triumph. But time is running out. Winter is here. It is a fact that can now be seen even on the Dothraki Sea. Are the dragons going to be the power that defeats the mysterious god of ice we've barely heard mention of? Who is Varys actually working for? Lots of questions arise from reading ADWD and hopefully they will begin to be answered in the next book.<br /><br />Recently ADWD was voted on goodreads.com to be the best fantasy novel of the year byreaders like you and I. This is definitely deserved. I voted for Patrick Rothfuss' The Wise Man's Fear and even after having finished ADWD I would not change my vote. It was a tough year for Pat going against George. I am sure Wise Man would have won had there not been the media hog (deservedly so) that ADWD has become because of HBO. I'd bet 80% of the votes for ADWD would have gone to Rothfuss had ADWD not been in the running, putting it probably on the top, closely contested with Erin Morgenstern's breakout novel (which is definitely now in my to-read list). But those are the breaks - they WERE released the same year and even if both ADWD and TWMF are excellent stories deserving of the number one spot, \\"there can be only one\\"! I am very happy to give A Dance With Dragons 5 out of 5 stars!
0060775858|5.0|One of my favorite childhood books I read to my children.  This is a beautifully illustrated story for all little ones.  I would recommend this to any one with children.
B005KMX866|5.0|This double CD is absolutely fantastic - I love Chris Isaak's music and have most all his work but this one really is great and his writing about how he grew up listening to the songs (as I did) made it feel like a very personal thing and gives you insight into what a great person he is.
B00005N6KG|5.0|If you don't like the feeling of ear bud type headphones you will love these they are very comfortable you almost don't know you are wearing them and the the sound quality is above average just what you would expect from Sony.This is my second set after leaving the last pair on a airplane they are durable I had the first pair for over 4 years
B001UV4XJ2|3.0|Movie was great! Quality is great on both discs. But let me tell you the UltraViolet digital copy just plain sucks and is one of the biggest hassles to redeem. All our other digital copys are on Itunes and dont require going online to access only the one time to install. Now thats a bunch of crap to try and watch this movie. I will not purchase anything else with UltraViolet. What the hell Warner Bros? Haven't you heard that old saying, you don't change horses in the middle of a stream? Don't buy if you are looking for a digital copy, the headache aint worth it. P.S. I paid $10 for shipping and it took a week to get here :(
0399215980|3.0|This book ended up being a lot smaller than I had anticipated.  It served its purpose though, so it worked out fine.
B0068TJLSY|2.0|Why go w/ a bad guy mil. , this is not the 90's. Film could of at least tried for something original.
B005SV9X22|1.0|just what you'd expect. an overrated madonna wannabe...and that's coming from someone who doesn't even like madonna. everything about her is fake.
1594744769|5.0|What an original story and a unique book!<br /><br />First, let me just say that the construction of the book was so unique....I loved it...I was surprised by how heavy the book was, but I was told that it is because of the type of paper that was used. Then there are pictures throughout the book. The pictures are shown the same time that the main character, Jacob, sees them.<br /><br />The pictures are pretty creepy, which is the purpose of them--or 'peculiar', as the story states. What I really liked about the pictures besides for the creepiness of them is that they are geniune pictures. Ransom Riggs gathered them from 10 different collectors who bought them from flea markets, estate sales, etc.<br /><br />I have never read a story like this before and by the way it ended I believe that there will be another book, which I cannot wait for.<br /><br />Jacobs grandfather tells Jacob stories about peculiar children that he grew up with when he was younger and also about different monsters. He tells Jacob these stories when Jacob is younger and at first Jacob believes him, but of course as he grows up he realizes that there is no way that these stories can be true. Until the day that his grandfather dies, and Jacob finds him in the woods and sees a monster for himself. Or so he believes.<br /><br />And then the nightmares begin. This all leads to Jacob needing to see a psychiatrist and eventually needing to go to the island where his grandfather grew up so he could see for himself that there are no such things as monsters or the 'peculiar' children that his grandfather always told him about.<br /><br />Or is there?<br /><br />The writing of this story was so well done-I could visualize everything as I was reading it and kept thinking of what an amazing and exciting movie this would make.<br /><br />The characters are brillant! I loved all the peculiar children and Miss Peregrine.<br /><br />And then the time travel....what a great idea for this book.<br /><br />I could go on and on but I don't want to give much more away. If you haven't read this book, I highly recommend it. It is like nothing you have read before. It is full of creepiness, suspense, action, intrigue and the pictures just really add to the whole feel of this story.<br /><br />Standing ovation to Ransom Riggs for this book....mmend it. It is like nothing you have read before. It is full of creepiness, suspense, action, intrigue and the pictures just really add to the whole feel of this story.  Standing ovation to Ransom Riggs for this book....
1419702238|3.0|It's good to have a laugh now and then, but at some point kids just need to stop hearing how awesome it is to be a wimp. I mean what happened to boys looking up to mythical warriors and the like. Three diary of a wimpy kid books is plenty for a healthy child.
1451648537|5.0|If you want to know about Steve Jobs' life and what made him tick, this book is for you. It is virtually without fault. The author gives us details without slanting the story to fit some agenda. We get the good with the bad.   The upshot is that Jobs was a genius and a force of nature but an a-hole. If things had gone slightly differently, he'd be remembered as we now remember (if at all) some fired GM CEO. But they didn't, so he is a genius.   I have yet to read of a great leader who wasn't impossible to deal with. Maybe that's the price of greatness.
B005V4FJC4|5.0|This is my new favorite album!  If you like (or love, in my case) Zooey Deschanel's voice and you also love Christmas music, buy this!  Buy it now.
B005H0IW6W|3.0|a little bit disappointed. I wasn't expecting Harry Connick, Jr style in a Buble CD.  Buble voice in my mind is young, hip and passionate, but in this CD is coarse, lay back. I can tell he might be trying to be that way, but it is not a very successful experiment. If I want to listen to Harry Connick, Jr, I would buy his CD (by the way, I love Harry C. Jr).   I was hoping to save this Christmas CD for many years to come since Boble is my favorit Jazz singer. But now I guess this version is going to Goodwill after the Christmas. Looking forward to a next year re-issue.
B001M4YZ90|5.0|A great flick.  Multi plot angles to keep you interested.  Probably one of the best dance scenes since the last Travolta film I watched.  Violent, funny, sexy with Irish accents to boot.
0385343175|3.0|It was not her best book. I can't say it was boring but it was type of story that a person reads at bed time to get sleepy! Not a page turner.
B001SGEUME|5.0|Oasis definitely broke out of the starting gate with a commanding lead when they released Definitely Maybe.  If there were ever a deluxe edition released of this with some of the b-sides/extra songs on it (Sad Song, Take Me Away, Cloudburst, etc.), I'd buy it in a heartbeat.  That being said, although (What's The Story) Morning Glory gets more publicity and is better known state-side, Definitely Maybe is better end-to-end.  Probably the best album of the last 30+ years.  Personally, it's the best one of any genre since the Eagles released \\"Hotel California\\" in the 1970s, but maybe that's just me.
B004WGGQPQ|5.0|We've tried out countless doodle apps, and after at least 5 or 6 we've finally found a winner!!  This app is beautiful in its simplicity and versatility.  It's got stickers, paint brushes (thin and fat...not adjustable size), crayons and coloring pencils every color you can imagine, markers, stickers, many colors of paper, a nice erasing tool, and more. I'm amused by doodling with it and my kids are too.  I highly recommend to anyone looking for a great doodle app.
B003LYJUXU|5.0|Narrowing down Oasis to a 29 (30 with the hidden track) song 2-CD collection is like limiting Richard Pryor to 30 minutes of stand up when you know that expanding to 60 or 90 minutes (or in Oasis' case, songs) would be quite doable.  There are some songs that are favorites that are missing such as \\"Gas Panic!\\" or \\"Hello,\\" but I would say that the choices made for this album are all top notch, as most Oasis songs--some of the A-sides on SOTSOG aside--are.  4.5/5 stars for me.
B005HXGEDC|5.0|My husband and I were big Peter Gabriel fans.  We were pleasantly surprised when his new cd and orchestra (and especially his voice!) sounded so awesome!  A must buy for a true Gabriel fan!  He still has it!
B002ZG976U|5.0|Fun Film! A little like Coyote Ugly I think. Fabulous Costumes and Scenery! And with the other star appearances whats not to like
B004BBDHEK|5.0|i just went through the 1-2 star comments....  omg!! how can people ('true fans' of yanni have such negative comments for this album!!!! :/:/  anyways....for me...this is one of the best albums of yanni!! :):)  it has got every thing..every emotion of life...whether it is steadiness, sbutlety (truth of touch), the slow flow of life (voyage), a fast flowing, happy and cheerful period of life (flash of color), simplicity with calmness (guilty pleasure).....like wise..i can describe all the 15 sings in this album....i have a link with all of them..  i have almost all the albums of yanni....n i love them all...but somehow this album outstands them all....  i get some kind of energy from it that is unexplanable!!  i hope yanni will live long...n really really long to provide us with more creative pieces!!!  love u yanni!!!
B0000E5SLG|5.0|This is an excellent purchase.  I love this cd and every song on this cd is a hit in my opinion.  It is fresh, funky and is excellent for any type of party you are hosting.  Lost my first one but had to get it again.
1416914285|4.0|The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, tells of a story about a young girl named Clary Fray who embarks on her summer in NYC, living in Brooklyn, and ends up with a life that is far from what she calls \\"normal\\". Along the way with her best friend Simon, her mother Jocyln, and an old family friend named Luke, they meet some interesting people. Some of these people include Jace, Isabelle, Alec, and Hodge. Things get complicated when Clary finds out about the world of the Shadowhunters and their ways of living. The end result is an epic journey into the unknown and the ability to not only trust herself, but that of others as she beings self rediscover of her past that makes her finally feel like she belongs in the sea of 1.8 billon people.<br /><br />I'm not sure who has read the book, but I'll try to keep spoilers to a minimum.<br /><br />My only issue with the story was how the characters Clary and Jace turned out in the end. It felt like a true greek tragedy to the point of how they found out a missing link between them: Valentine. That in itself kind of rubbed me wrong on a few levels, I mean if they were \\"cousins\\" then thats a different story and I would have been chill with... but they are not. Kind of takes it to a whole new ice factor level.<br /><br />Anyway, the story itself was great! I loved how there was a whole back history to so many well known mythology of werewolves, faeries, vampires, warlocks, and more! It made you feel as though you had another piece to the puzzle of this story come alive.<br /><br />I did enjoy the descriptions of the landscape, because of my own adventures in Manhattan over the years. I could picture the driving along the hudson river past the building on the west side, the imagery of the village with the cobble stone on the ground, the grand cathedrals standing tall in downtown, and the way it was when you get to the subways. Everything was perfectly described and I have to thank Cassandra for adding that amazing touch to the story!<br /><br />I do however found it to be slow twice in the book, but that's because sometimes a first novel has that happen. The need to get out certain details and making the reader understand the world that which these characters come from too.<br /><br />Lastly, I feel like there was something missing in regards to some more backstory about the characters. I can't put my finger on it, but something felt left out. I'm hoping it's in the sequel because it's the reason I couldn't give it 5 stars and the way things played out with Clary and Jace too is the other.<br /><br />Overall this is a good book for those that have an obsession with YA paranormal mythology/folklore based in werewolves, vampires, faeries, etc...<br /><br />Next book in the series: [[ASIN:1416972242 City of Ashes (Mortal Instruments)]]ice in the book, but that's because sometimes a first novel has that happen. The need to get out certain details and making the reader understand the world that which these characters come from too.   Lastly, I feel like there was something missing in regards to some more backstory about the characters. I can't put my finger on it, but something felt left out. I'm hoping it's in the sequel because it's the reason I couldn't give it 5 stars and the way things played out with Clary and Jace too is the other.  Overall this is a good book for those that have an obsession with YA paranormal mythology/folklore based in werewolves, vampires, faeries, etc...  Next book in the series: [[ASIN:1416972242 City of Ashes (Mortal Instruments)]]
0446547654|3.0|If you've read one Nicholas Sparks book you've read them all. I figured the end of the book   about 100 pages until the end. I was very disappointed.
B001ILFUDM|5.0|Everything went just as Amazon said it would.  My order arrived on the exact date they said it would.  The movie is a Christmas gift so it has not been opened & watched but I assume it will be fine.  The package is in perfect condition.
B00354Y9ZU|5.0|This book changed the way I think about certain things in my life and without going into specifics Linchpin is a must read if you want to change your life.
B004T5K3OK|5.0|Directly creates pdf files from a single or series of photos. I was sceptical but it works as advertised and amazingly legible. Handy for researching, or just recording documents on the go. I'm using it on an asus tablet.
B004DLPXAO|1.0|Can't move it to my SD card on my EVO 4G.  The original version that came with the phone was less than 3 meg.  This one, after installing, ate up 25 meg.  I kept getting low on space errors, had to uninstall.
0596805888|5.0|I like cookbooks, not just for the recipes, but also to read.  This one meets that need perfectly.  It's such an interesting look at food and its preparation.  I was looking for a Christmas gift for my son-in-law when I found this.  He's a former IT guy and is now a nurse.  He loves the creative side of cooking.  One Christmas, he made bacon ice cream for all of us (not the same way that was demonatrated in the video above!). I can't wait to see his reaction to this.  I have looked through the book and have just ordered a second one for my son.  He was a bio-med science major in college and is now an optometrist.  He, too, enjoys the creative side of cooking.  I think he will also enjoy it.  I am debating on getting one for my daughter and other son-in-law.  They are both Hotel/Restaurant majors/grads.  My daughter now teaches in the program.  It's been awhile since she's taught the class on food born illnesses, but that information is in here as well.  Might be a good resource for them.<br /><br />I admit to not having cooked any of the recipes.  I've have read some interesting ones, however.  I have really enjoyed the odd tips and hints (one was putting the muffin tin on the open door of the dishwasher to spray it with cooking spray).  I have a feeling this will be one of those books passed around after opening on Christmas.  Good thing we will have two!
B003PGNBNY|5.0|love the music its very intertaining, my daughter and I watch it all the time. hope they come out with another one real soon.
B004WDRT1Y|5.0|Lion King is beautiful in 1080p, I mean you notice things that you have never noticed, plus the colors are so vibrant. All the extra features are nice.  Plus the music with a home theater system sound flawless.
B003Y5H556|5.0|Very interesting movie with a good plot. I would recomend this to anyone who likes supernatural thrillers. It has a interesting cast with a nice twist on a childhood clasic.
0553801473|2.0|Been waiting for this book to come out.  Quite disappointing to say the least.  Just couldn't get into the book after several chapters.  I was eagerly anticipating this release, so I bought both the hardback and kindle version---what a waste of $$$.  It was slow reading and got bored easily...skipped through after several chapters and found that I only got into Brans and Daenerys' chapters.  Overall, i was disappointed.
B005VR9328|5.0|My husband and I went to The Roots' concert a few years back at the Hard Rock Cafe in Dallas.  Before their set began, a middle-aged \\"non-black\\" couple seated next to us asked if we had ever heard of \\"The Roots\\".  Emphatically, I replied, \\"OH YES!  They're a 'music' group that raps.\\"  The wife appeared puzzled and looked at her husband as if to say, \\"it's time to go.\\"  But before they started up from their chair, I took the time to explain to her that The Roots' music is different from any rap you've ever heard on radio or TV and that their sound was \\"rap\\" music's gold standard.  Well, she and her husband decided to stay--through the WHOLE CONCERT (\\"Tuba\\" Gooding Jr. was their favorite, by the way)!  To say The Roots are a rap group confines them to just words over beats, to say they're hip-hop doesn't really do them justice, either... The Roots are musical art--no one specific genre, no one specific sound, no one specific form...   So, I'll just keep telling folks who've never heard of them that they are \\"The Roots--a music group that raps,\\" and this album sets the bar for ALL music...    By the way, it's gonna be another tough year for Bieber in the Grammys...
0596007124|5.0|This book aims to teach us how to reuse design patterns that have been used over and over again. While this book does not cover all patterns in detail, it covers the patterns that are commonly used according to the authors' mind. In overall, this is the book you want to buy as a starting point to learn design patterns.<br /><br />To begin with, before reading this book, you have to know about Java programming language along with the object-oriented features such as encapsulation, inheritance, and polymorphism. Bear in mind that by having solid object-oriented knowledge does not make you a good object-oriented designer. I thought the opposite until I read this book. For those who do not know the language and/or the object oriented feature, they should study them first before attempting to read this book.<br /><br />When reading this book, please note that the primary intention of this book is to teach you about design patterns. Therefore, if you find the examples are not what you expected (too simple, childish, imaginary, and so on), you need to know that the examples are made as simple as possible so you can concentrate on learning design patterns. Unfortunately, some people just do not understand this approach. They probably want examples that have hundreds line of code to explain each patterns and I am very sure if this was the case, they would give bad review anyway by arguing that the examples are too complex.<br /><br />The only negative thing is the fact that not all 23 patterns are covered. I wish all of them were covered in a single book and even if the price were twice as much I would certainly buy it. I do not know why the authors did so. They covered only around 13 and cramp the others in 20 pages in the appendix.<br /><br />In my personal experience, after reading this book, it changed my paradigm toward object-oriented design and made me ask myself, \\"Why I didn't buy this book earlier?\\" Had I bought it earlier, my campus projects would have gone easier.In addition, ever since I read this book, I often think about the pattern(s) that can be applied in the other programming books' code example, especially when the examples have too many if and if else statements as they could be refactored using state pattern or command pattern. The reason some programming books do not bother with design patterns (even though the authors probably know about it) is because not their focus in their books. That is why this book is useful. Also, please be aware that in this book source code, the instance variables are not declared private. In reality you have to make it private according to the principle of the least privilege.<br /><br />Finally, I highly recommend this book to anyone who already knows Java and its object-oriented features as it helps you to learn commonly used patterns and to design better using best design principles (open closed principle, encapsulate what varies, etc).
B003PBB4ME|5.0|Very sturdy handle and nice soft grip, it fits my Canon 60D great just wish that it had some type of counter weight system so it would be easier filming. But for the cost what can you expect very satisfied.
B005KDWUFA|4.0|I ordered 2 CDs as gifts.  One was fine and the other was not.  It was skipping.  I am returning it for exchange.
B0043GXYBO|4.0|I love this series though I must admit part of it has solely to do with the fact that the main characters are vampires. I would reccomend this book to teens who want to read a more modern tale of vampires and don't like books with extremely complex story.
0805047905|5.0|This was the first book we tried reading to our daughter. Other picture books could not hold her attention, but Eric Carle's high contrast, colorful pictures and Martin's repetitive, rhythmic text suited her very well. Now at four months she sometimes waves her arm to make me turn the pages faster.
B005IML464|2.0|Today there is a computer or processor in almost all elctronic equipment. My computer has a premium sound system, and software that allows me to archive all my music, and play that music with quality reproduction. However this CD set can not be read or played by my computer. It can recognize that there are files on the disk, but it does not recognize them as audio files.
B002ZG98C8|5.0|this movie from beginning to end was very enjoyable. there was a good story,   great characters and Machete is such a bad ass assasin! i loved this movie!   And to my surprise, freakin Lindsay Lohan was in it LOL For any Robert Rodriguez   fans, you'll definetley like this one!!!
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|Amazing ending to an amazing book!   *SPOILERS*  And of course it had hope! The rule of Panem didn't fall in the controlling hands of Coin. If THAT happened, then everything would be the same and then there'd be no hope.  Just perfection! I recommend this book to everyone!
B00004R99U|5.0|this movie was acceptionally enjoyable! i loved it! simple as that.  John Smith's return was actually quite surprising but i'm glad they  dealt with the same villain from the first film. And John Rolfe was  somethin' else lol triflin! But i loved the movie and happy to add  it to my collection of Disney animated films!
125000568X|4.0|I received yesterday and saw some pages very quickly. Very beautiful work. There are some photos and memorabilia that are special gift for a fan.  I'll spend some hours next weekend reading these nice book.  If you're a Queen's fan, i recommend it !!
B0058VW36U|5.0|Great game but has not been updated even though the update has been available for Weeks. Get with the program Amazon.
0316098329|5.0|One of the best! I couldn't put this book down-literally! I finished it in 2 days! It was kinda hard to read at first, being narrated by a young child, but you get into the swing of things. I told everyone to read this book!!
B004J713JW|2.0|Let me start by saying that my favorite form of relaxation is sitting back and watching a DVD concert video on my theater system. When I was in my teens, my favorite singer was Billy Joel. My very first concert was Billy Joel(solo-no band) at a place called \\"Ebetts Field\\" in downtown Denver. It was when Piano Man was a hit.The place held maybe 350 people and that concert was one of the most memorable I have ever been to. I walked away totally thrilled! I went to every concert he put on in Denver up through 1995. This DVD was going to be really the first concert he had put out on DVD and I was really excited because all of the other stuff was music video's or VHS stuff that was terrible quality. I bought this DVD around three months ago and I have only watched it once. That is how bad it is! If you grew up with Billy Joel and ever saw him in concert, you may agree with me. Watching this dvd concert he seemed totally bored and acted as if he didn't really want to be there. There was very little interaction with the audience. His voice was not good. No emotion and quite honestly not always in tune. You may say it's because of his age but I have many DVD's of same generation singers who sound spot on ( The Eagles, Tina Turner, Fleetwood Mac etc). I did think that \\"Captain Jack\\" was done pretty well but that's about it. This DVD is in no way a good representation of what Billy Joel was in his heyday. If someone out there knows of another Billy Joel concert on DVD or any plans to release one in the future, I would love to know about it.
B0063IH60K|5.0|it is really cool and addictive and fun to play plus its free go ahead and get it any time and i still need more words to submit so im writing this
B000W7JWUA|5.0|This is the first game that everyone in the house seems to love.  My youngest daugher (16 y.o.) wanted this game for her birthday.  She had played it in her advisory at school, and loved it.  We got it and played it on her birthday with my mother and sister, along with my daughter and husband.  Not all of us are big game players the way my daughter is.  But, we all learned the ins and outs of the game pretty quickly, and really enjoyed playing it.  When my other daughter came home from college for the holiday, we played it with her as well.  Once again, it was a hit.  I have now order the extension kit to allow more players, and the Expansion kit for Island Settlements.  Looking forward to some great games over the coming holidays.
B0063IH60K|4.0|This app works well on the Kindle Fire. The screens are vivid and it responds quickly. It's a great time waster!
B005K0HDGE|5.0|Stephen King wrote 2 excellent books- \\"Salem's Lot\\" & \\"The Stand\\" -FINALLY- the 3rd \\"11/22/63\\" . Will there be a 4th ??
0517543052|5.0|The first time I read this book I was 18 and it was loaned to me by a friend. I sat down and read it in one sitting as I couldn't put it down. Nearly a decade later the words of this book continue to influence my life and push me to live more harmoniously with the world around me. As many others have said here, this book changed my life and pushed me on to the path I have followed ever since first reading it. This books is a MUST read for anyone.
B000LAZDQA|5.0|This is at the TOP 1% of my movie list- a profoundly beautiful film of real people- by the end the tears were streaming down my face to such an extent that I could not see- I was finally in a place that celebrates humanity in all is messy beauty. this is a film of self honor--- and honoring the journey we all share-   Thanks John C. Mitchell- i am forever in awe of these words.   (people who are not ready for sex and all of its 'stuff' have a hard time opening up to this film... be cautious! Life is best celebrated with an unjudgemental mind- like this film...)   i LOVE IT!
0060872675|5.0|A tiny metafictional treasure.  Someone else complained that this isn't how they pictured (Old) Sam, but without the breastplate and with his scars cleaned up (for the children), I could see him getting a bit crazy and silly with this time that's \\"just for the Sams.\\"  An enjoyably tender moment shared between a father and son, fictional though they may be.
B003DZX44I|4.0|I bought this combo pack, planning to show part of the movie to my French classes. (I teach high-school French.) Unfortunatley, the French-language version is only available on the Blu-ray disc and not on the DVD. Naturally, my school does not have any Blu-ray players, so I won't be able to show this movie to my classes. What a shame, as the French version is quite nice.
B004EPYZSU|3.0|I should have known this is one of the \\"UV Digital Copy\\" packages. I HATE UV digital copies. It's server based and streaming, you have options do download but have to use Flixster. They did include an iTunes copy but it can't be transferred to either my iPad nor my iPhone, WHAT USE IS THAT???!!! I will never again buy any UV product, give me my digital copy as MY copy and not tied to a studio who can take it away any time they want. This UV thing is nothing but digital DIVX and needs to die and die fast.  As a movie, it's a fairly fun popcorn flick. Wish I just bought the movie only copy. Buyer beware.
B004OFWLO0|5.0|Having bought probably every recording of Robert Johnson ever released on CD, I thought I'd heard it all.  Amazingly, I hadn't.  The sound on this double CD is much cleaner and richer than the others.  I don't need to tell you about the importance of Johnson to not only blues, but to all modern Pop and Rock music.  If you have any interest in his music at all, buy this CD.
1409600688|5.0|The publisher of the book is different than the regular Inheritance books. Doubleday instead of KNOPF. I got #259, and I'm really happy with it. I like to stare at the signature for long periods of time.
B001AKTZPK|5.0|Creedence Clearwater Revival/ Willy and the Poor Boys: This is CCR at their prime, another Great album by a band who put out the most entertaining albums of the era.  The song \\"Effigy\\" is quite a stunner and a bold statement for the last track of the original album.  A five-star release.  There is a CD with bonus tracks.  I have not heard those bonus tracks so I do not know their quality but can only hope they do not distract from the album the way the bonus tracks for `Green River' did.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|Must I say any more? One of my favorite television shows ever. Michael C. Hall is such a badass. A truly thrilling show.
B0018LMZO4|5.0|The Moody Blues/ On The Threshold of a Dream:  Another great album from the Moody's.  Although this one is more of a collection of songs than their usual theme albums, it is still a bit of a distraction to have bonus tracks tacked onto the end of the original 13 songs, even though the bonus tracks are generally good.  I still prefer the old Gold MFSL CD (if you can find it and afford it).
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|This was the best deal on this movie anywhere.  I got the movie on time and in awesome condition. Package arrived on time.
B000003BF4|5.0|The Rolling Stones/ Get yer ya-ya's out! / The Rolling Stones in Concert:  This recording is certainly rough around the edges (as far as the recording goes) but there are some first rate performances here and it deserves to be played...Loud.  The only real problem with the album is that it should have been a double LP, but it is what it is and that is still pretty terrific.
B004DLPXAO|1.0|Because I love apps, but didn't know how much before I bought my phone, I've struggled with my internal memory levels almost since I got my phone. I was so happy that Kindle could be loaded on my SD card and was only about 4 or 5 MB on my internal drive. Now it's 16MB on my internal drive even though it's still on the SD card. I moved it to my phone just to see and it's now a 25MB app. I guess they want me to buy a Kindle Fire? More likely I'll cut my losses on Kindle. I had to get rid of applications to make room for this behemoth that tripled in size. And I can't just roll it back to the last version, I have to uninstall or live with it.
B002E2QHBS|5.0|Woodstock: 40 Years on: Back to Yasgur's Farm (6CD, Limited Edition):  In reading the book in this box set it is made clear that this box was intended to be MUCH larger and as all inclusive as possible.  That obviously did not happen and because of that, this box set did not fulfill its promise.  There are even some very key performances that are missing (Goin' Home by Ten Years After being the most obvious) but, even with all those disappointments, what this box set DOES deliver is The Woodstock Festival performances and surroundings, as we have never heard them before.  This actually sounds like a Concert and not a fixed up in post-production representation of a concert.  This, in many ways, is the most enjoyable preservation of the Festival that has yet to be released.  However, you will still have to hold on to your old Woodstock CDs (and perhaps buy a few others) along with the old Movie to fill in all the gaps.  It is an absolute shame that the record company failed to understand that we would have gladly paid for a Mega-set in order to have the Festival as complete as possible.  What we can be grateful for is the record company's release of this box set in its unimproved, unrefined glory.<br /><br />Five Stars for what it IS.  An feeling of frustration for what it should have been.
098357670X|5.0|This book will teach you the best methods to achieve a likeness in a caricature, among my collection of books on the subject, I highly recommend Tom Richmond's as THE BEST there is and has ever been written. No matter what your particular drawing style is, this book is a must for all serious caricature artists.
B0000062FN|5.0|Santana (second self-titled album) - (aka, III, / aka, yellow strip man):  This is Santana's third album and the last with the original Santana line-up.  This one carries on the excellence of the other two and is a fitting end to this period of the band.  This is a solid five-star album.  After this album, Carlos seemed content to explore different sounds and styles, with mixed (but always worthy) results.  Back here, however, with the Santana/Abraxas/Santana albums you have the thrill of a revolutionary sound and the excitement of their musical birth.  Whatever great work Carlos would produce in the future, these three albums (this CD being the last of the three) were the foundation on which everything else was built.
B001GQ2BNQ|5.0|I never really learned to swim well as a kid and am now a 50+ terrible swimmer. I run so I'm skinny and wanted to do swimming as a cross training. Unfortunately, poor technique and low body fat are not a good combination and the lessons I have had, though helpful, never got me to where I needed to be.  The main issue was that I just could not get the breathing right and was breathless at the end of every lap. I'm very fit so I knew that it was a breathing and not a fitness issue.  I don't need to be a great swimmer so I hoped this snorkel might allow me to swim and reap all the benefits I was looking for without many more hours of lessons or endless stops gulping in air.  I have used the snorkel a number of times and it works a treat. I managed to swim a mile straight off and have been back a few times already. Breathing is no longer an issue and because of the position of my body with the snorkel the whole swimming experience is much more comfortable and I can think about my technique instead of my bursting lungs!!!!
B0000062FL|5.0|Santana/ Abraxas:  Santana's second album is this stunner.  It is an amazing and entertaining display of musicianship within an equally amazing selection of songs; even making Peter Green's (of Fleetwood Mac) song \\"Black Magic Woman\\" into a mega hit record.  A Masterpiece.  There is a CD with a few bonus tracks which make the album even better, therefore, it is the one to get.
0634022296|4.0|I wish this book had been spiral bound as it is difficult to open the book and lay it down without the book closing. Nevertheless, it is a wonderful book. The Beatles were genius. The boys used chords most of us have never seen or heard of. The transition between some of the chordings is beautiful. This is a great book if you want to increase your chordal vocabulary.
B001AKTZPA|5.0|Creedence Clearwater Revival/ Green River: Creedence continues its run of Great albums with \\"Green River\\", an album of great energy and entertainment.  A Five star album.  There is also a CD with Bonus tracks that add little to the album.  The first two bonus tracks are poor undeveloped outtakes that should have been left off.  The other bonus tracks are live recordings that are ok, however, I prefer the CD with the original nine songs without the distracting bonus cuts.
B005G4TJI4|5.0|Michael Bay's third installment of \\"Transformers\\" is worth every penny, even if all you want to do is show off your surround and high-definition setup, especially due to its astounding 7.1-channel Dolby TrueHD audio and relentless action scenes. To the story in a minute, but first, the sound is a big deal because few big pictures as of the end of 2011 are filmed in 7.1. The difference between 7.1 and the 5.1 that your ears are used to is mind blowing, assuming you have a 7.1 system. It fills all the corners of your listening space freakishly well, putting even the subtlest sounds in the corners of the room, behind the couch, under the couch. The movie gives you crystal clear stereo transitions and sounds that seem to snake around you, moving from one speaker to the next. Sounds are where they should be, and they can surprise you. Simply put, this is one of the richest sound experiences you can get in a movie, even without 7.1 I'd wager.  Now, that story I promised. If you think \\"Dark of the Moon\\" is a rehashing of the same old stuff, you're not completely wrong. But the elements that made the first two movies work were pretty good. The Decepticons are back again with a plot to take over the world, and it's up to Sam and the Autobots to shut them down. Rounded characters and glimpses into the \\"Transformers\\" universe keep things interesting. Shia LaBeouf and the actors who portray his parents gel as well as ever, with Sam the ever-geeky comic with heart. And the guys won't be able to take their eyes off his girlfriend. Nearly every character has a motive and compels the story forward, and once it gets going, the action seems to never end. Bay takes us to the brink of Earth's destruction like never before. Perhaps there are only so many ways a robot can spin, dodge and attack another robot, but it never stops being fun to watch, especially with Bay's cinematic standards, with visuals so sharp and contrasty they almost hurt your eyes and animations that are still dumbfounding. You'll want to watch it again.  In perspective, if this had been the first \\"Transformers,\\" it would have been even more mind blowing. But if you can't walk away somehow enriched from some of the best visuals and audio on the planet, a compelling and fast-moving -- if not a bit complicated -- story, some of the most intense action ever, and the biggest-hearted robots in the universe, maybe movies aren't for you.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Why is it that one of the most beloved series of movies from many childhoods, including mine, can't just be released in their original theatrical version?  Consider that basically every movie ever made that released a director's cut *also* released the original theatrical cut.  There are many of those movies that have both on the same blu-ray disc.  I don't know what exactly broke inside George Lucas' head, but I've never known anyone to piss right in the face of their fans like he has.  Don't buy this as it comes packaged with pain.
1609611543|4.0|Guess what?  Turns out wheat isn't good for you.  I mean really it isn't good at all.  After starting to Turbocharge (check that book out, too) I got curious about why I was supposed to stop eating grains- wheat in particular.  Well, this book tells you why.  Documented study after study are referenced in the book about all the various negative effects that wheat creates.  Additionally, the book tells you how to quit wheat with suggestions, tips and recipes.<br />The only negative I have is that it does start to get repetitive after awhile.  By the time it got into how to quit wheat I was like, 'ALRIGHT!! I GET IT!'  Maybe I was easy to convince since I'd already lost 12 pounds in a few weeks after stopping my wheat intake.  The results of quitting wheat show.  In my weight, my skin and my arthritis.  It sounds like hype, but after quitting I'm sold.
B001KX50BK|4.0|I had this on DVD but I can't find it so I had to look online for a replacement.  I was excited to find it on blu ray for such a great price, but be warned that this is not the original version.  If you don't like removed scenes added back in then don't get this version.  I wish I still had my other copy, but this one is definitely better than nothing at all!!!  Love this movie! :)
B004XN3FHA|5.0|I ordered the TK41 on monday and received it today, nice quick shipping so I was happy with that. It came as advertised, nice plastic hard case with extra O-rings, lanyard and booklet. First let me say that I own a bunch of other brands of flashlights, I have a lot of MAG brand in all different sizes from AAA up to 4D cell, and several handfuls of Lawson products lights, etc....I carried my MAG 2 AA light for many, many years on the job and it was always my go to light. But the TK41 on its lowest setting is brighter, and throws the light further then any light I have ever owned. One of the primary reasons I bought this light was I am now living in an RV park in AZ for the winter, the dog run where I walk my 2 shelties is about 100 yards long, with a gate on either end. Some inconsideret folks will sometimes leave the far gate standing wide open, and if I let my dogs off leash in the park at night I had no way of knowing if is was actauly closed down on the far end or not. I can now see that gate on the lowest setting of this flashlight!! It is amazing now far this things throws the beam, med, high and especialy turbo are just crazy bright, I dont have to worry about my dogs running out an open gate now. Yes it is a bit expensive, but the safety of my 2 dogs is worth every pennie to me...I would highly recommend this to anyone needing an above average flashlight.
B004EPZ06Q|4.0|Funny movie with a lot of great moments.  But if you are hoping that it is better than the first one, then you will be disappointed.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|This case is awesome! I really like the slimness of it. It's not hard to insert or remove the Kindle; just follow the simple diagram supplied. And the Kindle won't even think about falling out! It will supply quite adequate protection in normal circumstances.<br /><br />As for the \\"stand\\", I completely agree with a previous review about using the strap to hold the fold into the notch. The rubber backing won't let this puppy slide anywhere. In the few weeks I've owned it, I haven't had any \\"printing\\" on the screen by the felt cover. Most of all, the case is unobtrusive.<br /><br />Big thumbs up! Don't hesitate on buying.
B003L77G8I|5.0|This is a great series and it is so much better on DVD than on TV!  I hate commercials and it great to be able to just pop in a disc and relax on the sofa.
B004EPZ06Q|4.0|If you liked the first one, then you will probably like this sequel. Same premise, same type of humor, and same wackiness.   One of the funnier movies this year.   LOL - I find it funny that all these reviewers are giving it 1 star because they are getting the UV Digital Copy along with the Blu Ray or DVD. That is really skewing the reviews for this. Doesn't make sense to me. Are you reviewing the movie, the Blu Ray, or just the UV digital copy? If \\"just the UV\\", are you giving the entire product package a fair review? Matter of fact, have most of you one-star reviewers even seen the movie? You definitely haven't seen the blu ray since most of your reviews are dated before the release.   Anyways, please ignore all the 1 star reviews related to the UV copy. IMO, these reviewers are not using the rating system appropriately. I understand they want to make a statement because they dislike the UV copies.
B000M5AKP8|2.0|This is a used item that was listed as Excellent or something like that. But it is scratched and one song will not play and another has a skip in it. I shoud have sent it back but for $3 too much trouble. I guess they count on that at that price.
B005KDWUFA|4.0|I love to hear these young men sing, just wish they would do a whole CD in English, I understand some of what they are singing but I know it would be even more enjoyable if I could understand it all.
B000W91RUG|5.0|I caught a few episodes on tv and I just had to start from the beginning. They will make you laugh out loud.
B0052GACNM|4.0|I belong to the generation who spent 60s and 70s as teenagers.  I have listened to only a few of Bennett's hit songs before.  Actually, I enjoyed this album, because performances of each duet partner is sparkling through the duets. Lady Gaga's powerful singing with the big band is delightful and the tune is the best Jazzy duet in the album.  k.d. lang's mellow, comforting voice embraces Bennett.  Aretha Franklin sings in her great way.  Her style is very different from that of Bennett's, but the tune has come out as a wonderful love song.  The excellent talents jump over the difference of genres. His voice is still strong! Great production work!
B003Y5H574|1.0|Clumsy, awkward, situation-driven (as opposed to character-driven). No characters (except for Emma Stone's) are allowed the least bit of believability or spontaneity. Any capable French director would have done much much better, and would have made this kind of farce funnier and more believable. The situations are all way too contrived and there isn't one single spontaneous honest laugh in the entire movie. Big disappointment.
B000001EHS|5.0|Order process was easy and received product within a couple of days.  This item was purchased as a gift for my husband and I'm sure he will love it!
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|Was a great ending to a beautiful series.  This movie keeps you moving no down time for a potty break.  The action is fantastic.  They have kept it as close to the books as you can making a movie which I was very glad of.  It is really nice that all the actors have stayed to the end in there characters it just makes the movie more heartfelt.
B005KCZRI8|5.0|So saw this in the Kindle Fire Music Store for $3.99 and after checking out a few samples, I figured why not?  Man, what a great chance purchase.  Love that many songs start out pretty sparse and simple, but then expand into full-blown productions that still kick ass.  Only regret about buying the MP3s is the liner notes. Would love to know who's backing these guys up.  Wish Amazon offered \\"Digital Booklets\\" for every album. And also that those Digital Booklets were downloadable directly via the Kindle Fire Music Store.  It's kind of insane that Fire (and most Android devices) supports PDF files, but the engineers haven't figured out how to deliver the PDF files along with the MP3s. Or heck, let me at least buy the MP3s and figure out how to download the PDF from the Cloud later.  Yeesh.  But uh yeah, what was I saying?  Oh right, I love this album but if anybody had the liner notes, I'd love a copy.  Thanks!
B004ISVH7U|5.0|I love the fact that you don't only get a CD, but a DVD as well.  I bought it for my dad (he's a fan) and he loved it.
B004EPZ06G|2.0|The movie is almost a copy of the first, except that the funny parts are missing. It's like a bad remake.<br /><br />**(Not much of a) Spoiler: Stu's getting married, Alan inadvertently drugs everyone, they wake up not remembering a thing. Chow pops up naked. They figure things out, get to the wedding last minute, Stu stands up for himself, Mike Tyson shows up.<br /><br />Seriously.
1400052181|5.0|This book is absolutely wonderful. I bought it originally for class requirements but then I actually liked it a lot. It is very readable and the writer tells the story very vividly. It reveals so much of the history and fact that probably many people did not know before.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|Having been a Star Trek fan since the 60's I really enjoyed the clever plot tying all the stories together- I have watched this flick four times and I will watch it again and again- one of my favorites. Gerry
144471032X|5.0|After trying just about every diet on the planet, I finally found one that works!  After almost 5 months on this diet, I am down 35 pounds and feel great. Dr. Dukan offers great insight into why this works and really explains things well.  Please give it a try people. I do not think you will be disappointed.
B005ELQVGW|4.0|Bjork doesn't really make music anymore; she creates sonic events, manufactures sound<br />  environments.  The heart of \\"Biophilia\\" is futuristic & strangely elegant, incorporating experimental<br />  electronics, avant-dance elements, an appreciation for the theatre and an otherworldly sense of<br />  shivering wonder.  Still, as always, it's the unique depth of emotional resonance in the tender-but-<br />  torn naivety of her voice, at once both innocent & seductive, that pulls you in with its irresistible<br />  siren call.  Bjorkland is unlike anyplace else you'll ever visit:  It's beautifully uneasy & subtly edgy,<br />  with an out-of-place sense of calm hiding among the many techno-organic diversions that<br />  habituate Bjorkian culture.  You won't be humming any of this, but you will remember the<br />  experience with a bit of awe.  Former member of KUKL & the Sugarcubes, from Iceland.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|Some levels do not have many different solutions, but they are still enjoyable.  Worth the price for sure... good value.
B005EVVEPK|4.0|Debut album out of London via Glasgow delivers bright, playful, lively guitar twee-pop stamped<br />  with a punky, melodic D.I.Y. ethos that sounds primed to churn out addictive indie hits.  Killer little<br />  reverb-driven pop songs that sneak up and recruit you while you're bouncing around the room,<br />  laughing at the world, insanely humming along. Recalls the Shop Assistants, the Pastels, Best<br />  Coast, Wedding Present, Beat Happening, Frankie Rose and the Outs.  Members from Sexy<br />  Kids, Your Twenties, Bricolage, The Royal We.
B004EPZ06Q|1.0|Ultraviolet Digital copies are not compatible in iTunes !!!! every time you watch it, you need an Internet connection.  which means you are not able to watch in plant, subway any place without wifi!!!! BTW even you willing to watch with internet or 3G connection you need to sign up for two website!!!
B004SD5GZ4|2.0|How could the creators of one of the worlds most used format type create such a horrible and lack luster app?! This is as plain and boring of a PDF reader you'll ever come across. There is hardly any features in this PDF reader. I'm a Kindle Fire user and I use it mainly to read technical books and manuals. Most of them are well over 700+ pages. How on earth Adobe didn't include a \\"return to last read page\\" is beyond my thinking abilities. Every time the app/process closed on the Kindle Fire, I had to manually re-open the document by selecting it and get this, manually scroll back to my last read page! Oh wait, did you forget the last page you were on?! Well too bad! This happened so many times that I actually had to remember each and every time to jot down the page number I was on in a notepad app just so I can resume my reading the next time around. Absolutely ridiculous.<br /><br />The only reason I used this app for a while was also due to the Kindle Fire's horrible built-in PDF reader. There are no controls or features whatsoever to improve your PDF reading experience. With the built-in reader, pages slide/wiggle left to right when I'm trying to advance the page. And no, I did not zoom in! With the Adobe Reader app, this problem was solved. However, it's just too lackluster of a PDF reader in general. If all you'll be reading are general documents that consists of a page or two, this app will definitely serve its purpose. For all other users who need to navigate much larger documents, stay away. Do yourself a favor and just purchase the ezPDF Reader app for $2.99. Yes, I know. It's not free. But trust me, the reading experience is a thousand times better. You'll have so many more options and features to control how you actually want to read your document. I'm not even going to attempt to list the features here because it will be too long. Simply go to the link below and you'll never have to look again for a PDF Reader.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B004R13U6Y ezPDF Reader for the Kindle Fire]]]]
B004WGGQPQ|5.0|I'm a college kid and I love this! It's super fun to make pictures for friends and tweet them! Yayayayayayayayayayayay!
B003JTHESA|5.0|I love this album,no its not the iron maiden albums of the 80s and it should not be we have already heard those and like them.I hate when someone gives a review of a new album and compares it to older albums saying its not the same as it was.IRON MAIDEN does not want to be known only for their 80s albums. iv,e been a fan since 1985  so i,m not a young kid thinking the older stuff is for old people.and i,m not an older fan trying to relive the glory days. here is my list of essential IRON MAIDEN albums for someone discovering them compilations excluded.Killers,The Number Of The Beast,Seventh Son Of A Seventh Son, Virtual IX(yes that one to hear the progression of the band),Dance Of Death,and the Final Frontier.  p.s. Don,t be stuck in 1985 if you are a true MAIDEN fan, UP THE IRONS!!!
B006J38144|3.0|The show itself is a 5, this episode is at best a 3. There's a problem with your finale if previous shows during the season surpassed it, easily. So many story lines that were built up all year, were tore down in seconds. Made it feel like a waste of time.   Kurt Sutter said there may by a 6th or even 7th season. I can only imagine how they are going to drag this one out if that's the case. I like Sons of Anarchy, but how much longer can you drag this stuff out? Like anything, money comes before the story. They don't want to give away all of there story lines when they can still get 2+ more seasons of it.   Season 3 was OK, and the finale saved it. Season 4 was GREAT and the finale diminished it in my eyes. I don't know which is worse. All I know is I'll be back in Charming next year, because it still is one of the best shows on television.
B003UESJF6|5.0|Definitely a top 10 movie for me. I love the humor, storyline, action, acting and animation. I totally crack up in the movie. Super family movie.
B005K17RU0|4.0|I like this app, the weather is very accurate and I do alot of traveling so this is great for me
0767836324|5.0|I love this movie. The more I see it, the more I like it. As a dad, it really hits home. Be the dad to your kids while they are young and with you! Great acting, lots of action. Super family movie!
159102594X|4.0|What made this book shine were the characters.  The magic system and world building were clearly in the background, but as a reader I came to really care about what happened to the 4 or so main characters in the book. The writing is solid and the plot well-paced. A solid choice for any fantasy lover.
1451627289|2.0|From all the over-hpying of this book 40 years in the making, my expectations were bloated right along with the actual book. I literally had to force myself to finish it by keeping away from the tv and then I about threw it across the room (if it wouldn't have broken a wondow) when I read the ending. Seriously, it was all for nothing??? I read that entire 20 lb tome for NOTHNG?? He didn't even get the girl. What a colossal waste of time. The moral was \\"Time travel not good idea\\" and it took about a thousand pages to write that. This book was marinated in, boiled in and served topped with LAME SAUCE!   Oh, I gave it one star for being a really cool idea and another star for being kind of interesting for the first 100 pages.
B0041JJ2VY|5.0|WONDERFUL!!****<br />You will be a happier person, which in turn will make this planet a better place for us all! Loving yourself is the first step in changing your life! Relax and listen to \\"The Power\\" and \\"The Secret\\"...it will change your life!
B005AUWXZ0|1.0|Online for DVD sucks.  Buy at your local video store, target or costco. Ive been getting some interesting conversation about amazon.
B004J2TPSI|4.0|Almost great product, I only gave this 4 star because the on off switch is way too small,and the battery life too short six hour, why not make 10 hours at least. It synchronice well on my Sonpre X-tra strong Bluetooth Portable Mini Capsule Speaker. But overall I'm happy!!!
B005K17RU0|5.0|works fine for me and the graphics are great.  not sure why others have problems with app....no problems for me on my kindle fire.
B000MX7V5M|5.0|Hello, huge Hitchcock fan here.  I've been enjoying Hitch's films a lot lately, and hadn't seen To Catch a Thief until yesterday.  I actually checked this version out from the local library (2 disc special edition).  I must say I was pleasantly surprised since North by Northwest was released just before this film and seemed to overshadow it.  I might be in the minority, but despite enjoying both films, I think this is the better of the two.  Definitely among Hitch's best (Lady Vanishes, Vertigo, NxNW, Rebecca).<br /><br />The film begins quickly and catches your interest.  Without giving away plot, Cary Grant plays an ex-cat burglar being suspected of falling back to his old tricks.  He professes innocence, but due to his spotty record, the police have trouble believing him.  He then takes it upon himself to investigate the recent robberies and try and catch the copycat in the act.<br /><br />Again, no spoilers, but throughout the film we wonder who is the real cat burglar.  Could it be Cary Grant and he is just leading the cops and everyone else on or is it someone else?  It's quite suspenseful and the viewer is never really given a clear picture of who it could be.  It is up the viewer and in the end all will be revealed.<br /><br />But the film is not a true \\"whodunit\\", instead the film is about Grant's character and his interactions with the law, the British insurance agent (responsible for paying out for the stolen merchandise), and Grace Kelly.  We enjoy the comic interactions of Grant and Kelly as well as between her mother and Grant's character.  Most of the actors turn in wonderful performances, and I think that this is among Grace Kelly's best roles.<br /><br />The digital transfer is lovely, especially considering the gorgeous outdoor scenes filmed on location in Southern France.  The use of color works well in this film, the Vitavision or whatever it was that Paramount premiered for use in this film was cutting edge technology at the time and it shows.<br /><br />The special features are on the second disc, and include some pretty interesting little extras.  The most disappointing was 'A night with the Hitchcocks\\".  I really wasn't interested in hearing his granddaughter talk about what she thought Hitch would think about this and that...  More interesting was the casting and the making of documentaries, as well as the documentary about Hitchcock and the Hayes code.  Interesting to note all of the innuendo he got past Hayes, and how he was able to achieve this.<br /><br />So to sum up: spectacular film, great digital transfer, some good extra features (though nothing compared to some of Hitch's Criterion Collection releases).  I would say it's a must see for sure.  Whether you buy or not depends on how much you love the films of Hitchcock, and how often you think you might want to pop this film in the DVD player.isc, and include some pretty interesting little extras.  The most disappointing was 'A night with the Hitchcocks\\".  I really wasn't interested in hearing his granddaughter talk about what she thought Hitch would think about this and that...  More interesting was the casting and the making of documentaries, as well as the documentary about Hitchcock and the Hayes code.  Interesting to note all of the innuendo he got past Hayes, and how he was able to achieve this.  So to sum up: spectacular film, great digital transfer, some good extra features (though nothing compared to some of Hitch's Criterion Collection releases).  I would say it's a must see for sure.  Whether you buy or not depends on how much you love the films of Hitchcock, and how often you think you might want to pop this film in the DVD player.
0307269760|4.0|Munro's new book of short stories is filled with human beings. Just when you think you've found a character above reproach, though, Munro says to look again, and you find the ice has melted in your hands. You get the sense that Munro is very, very good at seeing into the hearts of people and finding we all come up short. The title is a cruel twist on the stories inside; an objective observer of these lives doesn't find much happiness at all here. But is that really the case? It's something---a little glimmer of happiness, maybe, perhaps some small happiness that comes from making it through troubles---that keeps these people moving along through their difficult lives.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|I just downloaded ColorNote Notepad Notes. It is intuitive, very fast to get up-to-speed and productive. I quickly tested some of its features (e.g. archive, email) and they work like a charm. It is easily cusomized for interface, colors, fonts and more. If you like staying organized on-the-go, this is a must app for you.
B005ISZRES|5.0|I've been reading on this book for some time; truth be told, I actually started reading this book about forty-five years ago! I set it down then, never realizing it would take this long to get back to it. Little Women is the story of four girls and their mom and dad during the Civil War. Their dad has gone off to minister to soldiers in the war and the girls and their mom are quite poor. Optimism is a key concept among the Marches, however, so you do not hear bellyaching or whining in this household. The girls find ways to entertain themselves with nary a Nintendo or tv. They continually renew their vow to keep a happy face and try harder to be good. Genuinely inspiring people in this book.
B00003CWTI|1.0|ART??? Where??  I must have missed it.  Here is a tip for the film makers...your characters must be at least semi believable and potentially likable for an audience to care about the story you are trying to tell.  To me this was just an opportunity to throw the F word around.  Horrible waste of time.
1400097029|4.0|The distant past, the recent past. Max revisits the site of his family summer vacations and recollects. He remembers the people he knew there long ago. He remembers the recent death of his wife. He's a sharp man, and all his memories have a cruel edge. It's a strong book, a good book, maybe a great book.
B005K17RU0|4.0|Downloaded without any problems and does just what I want it to. I would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a weather app.
034552554X|4.0|It was interesting to read The Language of Flowers so close to reading Pollyanna. The central character of The Language of Flowers, Victoria, like Pollyanna, is an orphan, but that is the only way Victoria and Pollyanna are alike. Victoria is a wild animal, a child who has spent her life going from foster home to foster home, who has suffered at the hands of many disastrously unqualified foster parents, who has learned to destroy relationships before the others have a chance to do the same. Victoria somehow is placed with Elizabeth and Elizabeth, because of her own difficult experiences with her mother, sees through Victoria's attempts to sabotage their relationship and bonds with her. But this relationship is doomed, too, as both Elizabeth and Victoria can't quite dare to make the commitments to each other that they want to do.<br /><br />At times, Victoria's behavior in the story seemed too extreme to have been accepted by Elizabeth, but that is my one difficulty with the book. I loved the role of flowers in the story, for healing, for building relationships, for happiness.<br /><br />Very good book.
B002ZG997C|5.0|This movie is so dark, and scarry to think of a world without the precious word of God, so much so that it's thought of as magical. The one thing it pointed out to me was the importance of God's book. And the power of God that is a part of the lives of his people. Not necessarily the way portrayed in the movie. But as God's word says \\"With God all things are Possible\\"!
B0001HLVS2|5.0|Master and Commander is a well-written, skillfully-acted movie about a British military ship.  There are lessons on loyalty, friendship and duty.  Not to mention a fantastic sound track.
B002ZG99TA|5.0|Great movie,fast paced, unstoppable!<br />Enjoyed the changing attitudes and interaction between the two men. As they moved forward in trying to stop the train.
B004O3YGMC|4.0|just download the app and install the desktop and your done.  super slick and fast!  worth the three bucks! buy it now!
B00596WEVI|4.0|My husband and I watched this movie together. We were expecting the usual Van Damme movie: a bit cheesy with lots of action. There was lots of action but also a good plot and great character building for the type of movie. Hope Van Damme keeps up the good acting.
B001BKV9TE|2.0|Admittedly, my memory of 10,000 B.C. is a bit unstable after watching it on HBO a few years ago.  I remember the rudimentary plot - young warrior of woolly mammoth hunting tribe is predestined to save his azure-eyed girlfriend from a more advanced Egyptian-like race.  I remember (I think) the opening shot of the mammoth hunt where the young warrior earns his stripes by standing his ground and holding a spear for a mammoth to impale itself upon.  I remember the mammoth tribes journey across several jumbled climate zones (grassland, jungle, desert) to retrieve the young woman, Evolet.  I certainly remember the encounter with the carnivorous terror-birds (Phorusracos), one of the few exciting parts of the movie.  I sorta remember a man from another tribe agreeing to help the young mammoth hunter (can't remember his name) in his quest.  I remember the young hunter being trapped in some watery hole with an enormous saber-tooth cat and the hunter saying something hilariously to the effect, \\"I'll free you if you promise not to eat me\\". He frees the cat and the cat doesn't eat him.  However, the sabertooth doesn't do much else in the movie.  And, yeah, I remember, the Egyptian-like civilization using mammoths to construct their monuments and pyramids (actually not a bad touch).<br /><br />However, what I most remember is a physical impossibility - mammoths galloping like horses over the meadows.  Now, like most elephants, mammoths would have managed at best a shuffling walk - pretty fast but no gallop.  It was logical gaffes like this that actually made me realize what a junk heap of a movie 10,000 B.C. really is, if you stop to think about it.  If you don't think about it, which I did for a while, it's a fairly entertaining pulp B-movie.
B0043KK4N6|5.0|I have watched the DVD Burlesque so many times, that I purchased a CD for the car. The songs are well written and they are performed to perfection.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I have this on my kindle fire and it works great for a relaxing time waster.  I have had no problems and would recommend this to anyone.
0062103377|5.0|This book is a must have for fans of the supernatural series. It is very informative and concise, it tells you many things about supernatural.I have to be honest some of the stories don't go with the tv series storylines but it is still a good buy. I would recommend this book because it talks about all of the regulars in supernatural series.This is a great book!!!
0385344325|3.0|I love Jack Reacher so much and I feel like Lee Child has just sold him out for money. It is so offensive that Child sold the screen rights to Tom Cruise so he could play Reacher. It didn't seem to matter that Reacher is a foot taller and a hundred pounds heavier just to name two obvious reasons he's so obviously miscast. And now it seems like Child is writing the book to support Cruise's portrayal. He usually mentions Reacher size frequently but in this book it's just so casually mentioned that it's hardly noticable. Also, I think the sex tied to the trains is written for a movie in mind. It seems like more of a script than the usual Reacher book.    I would have loved this book about Reacher's beginning but it just didn't live up to its potential. I don't think his dismissal from the service was very realistic. The death scene at the Pentagon seemed contrived to me as was the cover-up.  I just feel let down. I have read and enjoyed this series for so long and I feel so betrayed.  is
0345529057|5.0|You will not believe how mesmerizing this series is! The first three books kept my adrenalin up with every page turn (more times than not, I was actually afraid to turn the page). My life has been on hold since I started this set.  I raced through the first 3 books, and now I'm actually taking phone calls and going out with friends as I read the 4th (in A Feast for Crows, Martin has introduced a host of new characters that I'm finding I just don't care about as much as the original core group of 30 or so that we came to know--and love or hate--in the first 2 books). No matter, though, Martin's ability to transport the reader is spectacular: I've never been so cold or felt so grungy as I travel with these characters around a frozen and war-torn country, sleeping on the hard ground with one eye open, eating every few days (or dusty and hot as I travel through barren deserts with Dany's tribe). I only hope A Dance with Dragons is better than A Feast for Crows, and this generously stimulating body of work doesn't fizzle out.
B005KDWUFA|5.0|This CD is as wonderful as all of their other ones. The music is heartfelt, romantic, and their voices are without compare. I am already anticipating their next CD.
B003IKMR0U|5.0|Quick to learn, quick to play!  Super fun!<br />We love games that we can bring with us to a bar and kick<br />back with a couple drinks and roll some dice but not have<br />to unpack some large game.  This one fits in my pocket.<br />WINNING!
B001UV4XIS|5.0|I liked this movie very much. The story kept you enthralled and the special effects kept you entertained. It was sad to see Harry Potter ended but it was a good ending.
B005UDD1R6|1.0|Of all my videos, this app will play 1.  Yes, 1.  And my video player alternatives?  NONE.  Thanks Amazon.  I understand proprietary (I would want people to HAVE to buy from me, too) but it has to end sometime.  Price is all that the Kindle Fire has going for it.
B001UV4XHY|3.0|I didn't like this Harry Potter movie too much.  It was confusing and the story line wasn't that entertaing but will watch it again to see if I missed something.
B005K17RU0|4.0|Pros: seems quite accurate and have a lot of data compiled together into a nice GUI.  Cons: when no network is available, you can't do anything not even just change some settings.
B003M0H4NG|5.0|New directions in jazz for many musicians. Lush sound mix and Miles is hot. I't hard to believe this came out 40 years ago.
B004TTMYQG|5.0|Very nice GUI and helpful widget to show the whole week calender on my phone. Very easy to add new events. They start to add some new alarm feature which is not bug-free but I believe the developer will make things better.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|You can hear people running around outside the building, entering the building, coming up the stairs and then, BAM!, they are dead.  Highly recommend.  I wish the mute button for chat was a button rather than a switch, would make it a bit easier.
B0018BB20W|5.0|This album is my favorite Moody Blues album with Seventh Sojourn as a close second. It has different types of music in it from rock to melodies.
B004EWEX9Y|5.0|My best friend had bought a similar product to this and it did not work with her computer only put out audio. I double checked with Apples website and this was what she needed to hook up her Iphone4 to her television and get both audio and video. She is totally happy it is clear and works well. I got this priced better then the actual Apple website.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|I really love Evernote for its design and functionality. I do sometimes wish that it were less like a digital notebook and took on more design like qualities.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I can now read the bible while traveling  This is a wonderful app ijust love it. Just click and your ready
B003K025TQ|5.0|This is one heck of a CD.  If you play guitar, prepare to be humbled!  I love the diverse styles represented and as others here have pointed out, the production values are top notch.  The samples here are very representative, so take a listen and then buy it if you like what you hear.  These guys are cookin'!
B004TRJRD6|5.0|The movie is a classic horror film, a definite must have for your blu ray collection.<br /><br />The sound incorporated in the blu ray makes a huge difference as compared to the DVD version.<br /><br />If you like a story of demonic possession based partially on the real exorcism of Robbie Mannheim, enjoy the film and watch knowing it was actually a boy not a girl and the tone of the movie changes to reveal William Friedkin's interpretation of William Peter Blatty's novel with the same name.
B005J4TLQG|5.0|After reading all the online reviews of how well this movie did at SXSW, I was stoked when it came to Blu-Ray. Even though I hadn't seen it, I bought it on faith and I was definitely satisfied. Just the right amount of comedy and action mixed together in a movie that was every boys dream at some point (defend your home town (or block) from invading aliens with a random assortment of weapons. I absolutely loved it! Definitely would recommend to anyone to at least watch if they weren't sold on just flat out buying it.
B0056C6XIA|2.0|Let me start by saying it is OKAY. It is made in China so the quality is shoddy. I have used it for a few miscellaneous tasks and am afraid I will break it. ALL of my other Gerber products have been made in the U.S.A. and are amazing, some have been passed down from my father to me as well and work better then this. I don't know when Gerber sent their products to be made in China but I will not buy Gerber anymore because of it. In an absolute emergency I would use this but it would be my very very last choice. If you are looking for something to throw into an emergency kit that you wouldn't use often I would say you could find better for less money and I would not recommend this.
B003R0MF1W|5.0|By the third season a lot of episodes seem to follow along the same plot lines as previous.  I personally find them all to be hilarious and captivating nonetheless.  I do still enjoy the randomly placed episodes with a Red John update, because it just seems to sneak in and continually complicate things.    All in all I'm more than happy that I purchased this season and will continue to do so for future seasons.
1423140591|5.0|This is one of the few series that I love as much as the children. The kids learn basic Greek and Roman mythology, and have fun reading a great story. Several times the kids laughed out loud while reading (and I must admit I did too). My nine year old often battles the seventh graders for the books, and the series has a story line that even I enjoy. Heroes of Olympus will draw in fans of Percy Jackson and Camp Halfblood, then introduce them to new characters and a new plot that intersects with all the hereos they know and love from the Percy Jackson series. In book 1 we meet Jason, and he leaves many unanswered questions. Book 2 finds Percy and also finds many answers. I highly recommend this series for the whole family!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Very addictive game.  I spend way too much time playing this game.  You have the choice of playing a difficult, or an easy level which is great for children.
B004EPZ06Q|1.0|I just picked up the Blu-Ray/DVD/Digital Copy here on Amazon.  The movie is great but the product itself sucks.  Including Ultra-Violet copies of the film instead of the standard digital copy was a poorly thought out idea.  It speaks volumes to me (and apparently the majority of consumers here) that Warner Brothers has elected to insult their customers this way.  Why irritate people with a locked down, Internet-only copy of the film for portability?  I might not be able to speak for all movie buffs, but I enjoy taking my films with me on the go.  The Ultra-Violet copy requires an Internet connection for viewing which isn't always available.  What a mean thing to do to your customers, Warner Brothers.  What a shame.
B005CA4SQK|5.0|Simply put, \\"The Walking Dead\\" is right now one of the best television dramas of the last several years. I never read Robert Kirkman's original epic comic book series, however, I never read the Harry Potter books or read the Lord of the Rings books either, and yet I loved the film adaptations of those stories to the point I felt I didnt need to. \\"The Walking Dead\\" is brilliant...AND TERRIFYING!! The fact it's on cable (AMC channel)is wonderful. I like zombie fiction. I'm a huge fan of George Romero's legendary \\"Living Dead\\" film series...however, this is something completely different!<br /><br />Most zombie films, the best ones anyway, try to give you compelling heroic human characters who struggle to hold things together while the world we know has been destroyed amidst the dead rising up and the brutal carnage reaches a fever pitch. \\"Walking Dead\\" gives us human characters, who try to always do the heroic thing, yet sometimes the line between heroism and viciousness gets somewhat blurred. I like that. This is a world where everything is upside down, inside out, and even the best intentions can have dire consequences. A ragtag band of survivors, led by Rick (Andrew Lincoln), Shane (Jon Bernthal)and Rick's wife travel through Atlanta trying to seek safe haven from the undead scourge. In the series, the creatures arent referred to as zombies, but as \\"Walkers\\". According to Kirkman, this is a world in which no one has ever heard of or seen a zombie, even in a fictional setting, and this leads to the series giving us a realistic tone to the undead.<br /><br />Trust me, these \\"Walkers\\" are gruesome, and vicious, and scary! There are more scares in this series than what we see in most theatrical features nowadays. You never know when the luck of these human survivors will run out, and thats the power of dramatic tension. Right now we're in the middle of its second season (however, its split in half, with the remainder of the season resuming in February next year). I loved the first season, although it was too short with only six episodes. I had to buy the blu ray 3 disc collection; I'm loving this series soooo much. Kudos to Executive Producer Frank Darabont, co-producer Kirkman, make-up effects creator Greg Nicotero, the excellent cast and the writers who know its not always about the \\"monsters\\", but about the human drama that surrounds it. Well done. Keep em comin'., although it was too short with only six episodes. I had to buy the blu ray 3 disc collection; I'm loving this series soooo much. Kudos to Executive Producer Frank Darabont, co-producer Kirkman, make-up effects creator Greg Nicotero, the excellent cast and the writers who know its not always about the \\"monsters\\", but about the human drama that surrounds it. Well done. Keep em comin'.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|I bought this set because my grandson and I love the Harry Potter books and movies. We have all the books, now we have all the movies.
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|This product does what it says it will by protecting the Kindle Fire. It is lightweight, but the inside of the cover attaracts dog hair like a magnet because of the interior material.
B00361DR4Q|5.0|To be honest with you, I bought this Opera because of the great price break under which it was being offered. I am a ballet lover, and that is the art form most of my dollars go into, but I am beginning to collect some of the great operas too. Verdi is known to have some very good ballet in most of his operas, and this one has some very good dancing included. This opera has several exceptionally beautiful arias by three of the principles, and all expressed themselves very well with their voices as well as their facial and body mannerisms. From the very beginning Gheorghiu was able to show us that Violetta was quite ill, and knowing the story of the lady of the Camelias, was not all that important. The only thing that was slightly confusing was the argument presented by Giorgio Germont as to why Violetta should leave his son Alfredo. I had to read the novel to understand what he was concerned about.<br /><br />All in all this is one of the best operas I have. It is full of heart rending emotion, so it is well to have a few tissues handy. If you can't cry for Violetta, you probably cannot cry for anyone. This opera was taken from the story (and play) written by the Son of the famous author of \\"The Three Musketeers\\" and \\"The Count of Monte Cristo\\", Alexandre Dumas (Pere). His name is Alexandre Dumas (Fils) or junior. The son did not become as famous as the father, but his book (and later the play by the same title) \\"The Lady of the Camelias\\" was very good, and was the setting for this opera, and maybe others, plus many movies and a ballet by the same title, \\"The Lady of the Camelias\\"....[[ASIN:0199540349 La Dame aux Cam&iquest;1/2lias (Oxford World's Classics)]]....If you love ballet, you owe it to yourself to get the ballet, you won't be sorry....[[ASIN:B0025XW95Y Chopin: La Dame aux Camelias [Blu-ray]]]It is also available in standard DVD format.<br /><br />This story, and the ballet, may make you sympathize with the profession of prostitution. If you read the book, you will probably be willing to think kindly of Violetta, since her own father loaned her out to his friends at the age of twelve, but when she discovered how valuable she was, her standard of living increased dramatically.  She was able to collect spend 200,000 Francs per year, a fortune, and no one man could afford her, and therefore, the love relationship with Alfredo/Armond/Dumas, was doomed from the beginning, as he could not come close to keep her with that much need for money. In her day Violetta, the courtesan, was looked upon in a different light than a woman in the same profession today. Violetta was only 23 years of age when she died. So, get this opera, and hear how Verdi immortalized a common, but beautiful prostitute. This story is true, and the person of Alfredo is actually Alexandre Dumas (Fils) himself. The names were changed in the novel, and Verdi also changed the names for his opera.illing to think kindly of Violetta, since her own father loaned her out to his friends at the age of twelve, but when she discovered how valuable she was, her standard of living increased dramatically.  She was able to collect spend 200,000 Francs per year, a fortune, and no one man could afford her, and therefore, the love relationship with Alfredo/Armond/Dumas, was doomed from the beginning, as he could not come close to keep her with that much need for money. In her day Violetta, the courtesan, was looked upon in a different light than a woman in the same profession today. Violetta was only 23 years of age when she died. So, get this opera, and hear how Verdi immortalized a common, but beautiful prostitute. This story is true, and the person of Alfredo is actually Alexandre Dumas (Fils) himself. The names were changed in the novel, and Verdi also changed the names for his opera.
1451627289|4.0|Stephen King at his best.  I couldn't put the book down.    As for the paper and ink part, I cannot say I was as happy with that.  Okay, I'm into paper and ink, obviously.  I purchase a 1st Edition, I want it to be flawless.  Amazon sent a book with some of the pages bleary with ink spots.  The book obviously came that way from the publisher, but I expect better from Amazon.
B005POK858|2.0|I cannot rate this at this time. After 2 minutes of playing the game overloads the phone and the phone restarts.<br /><br />Droid X android OS
B004X80QNG|1.0|The lack of an easy method of syncing with my google calendar is inexcusable in a calendar app. Being terrible at your core competency is not an easy flaw to overlook.
B005ZTFPFQ|5.0|Sorry to you whiners about it not being touch screen controls. Too bad to you morons who cannot figure out that each of the three buttons represent where the missile will be coming from. Up yours to the people who do not know this is not the 2600 greatest hits.   To the rest of you, this is a great way to relive all the classic Atari arcade games.
B0033PSH4U|1.0|This Movie has been my Favorite Movie Forever. When I Found it Here on Amazon I was super excited. So I bought the Movie Brand New Supposley. When I opened the Movie It Turned out to be a knock off Movie you can record From Your Computer. I'm Extreamly upset to have Paid 17.99 For a Boot Leg Movie. It was wraped like other movies you find when you open it You can tell it was made in a house. I want a Re-Fund. I don't Believe in Stealing. The Humanity of people on a hustle!! Do not Buy Any Movies. I will Get word around.
B0068TJLSY|3.0|It won't disappoint. Captures the magic,but could have used better lighting to expose and dwell on the creature longer.  After all it was a high dollar production.
B004ZNAGNE|5.0|I consider DSOTM my favorite album of all time.  universal life themes, great guitar solos, great harmonies.  and a neatly wrapped themes from birth - death...  I'm a pretty big HiFi buff and over the years tried to track down the best sounding DSOTM.  I felt I did pretty good with MFSL gold disc from japan (1988).  now here is where it gets tricky.  The 2011 DSOTM \\"experience\\" is NOW my favorite, even though I think the master tape may have lost some information depth in the amount of ambient information in some of the songs.  however this is made up for by the remixing?  or eqing of the album for the 2011 release.  it feels more dynamic than some of the older mixes.  also the inclusion of the 1974 performance of the dark side of the moon is wonderfully interesting since I have NEVER heard all four of the most well known pink floyd members, except for album.  I did not get the feel that the remix, if that's what they did, deviated too much from the classic mixes we are all familiar with.<br /><br />I think its a fine attempt at preserving and making this album accessible to future generations.  sooner or later I hope to get a full-bit copy of this album and hopefully I will hear a bit more!
B005Y841QC|5.0|James Marsters and Charisma Carpenter (Spike and Cordelia from Buffy and Angel) play married power couple Don and Maggie Stark. The couples marital squabble is decimating the local population. Sam and Dean try and help the couple resolve their differences, but not before Maggie has marked the two of them for death. This was a fun episode. I would love to see Marsters and Carpenter become regulars on their own series.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|It is a wonderful Christmas album with a lot of variety, and of course, Buble's wonderful voice.  I would recommend Michael Buble's \\"Christmas\\" to everyone.
B0063ONP36|5.0|You cannot walk fifty feet in Lilydale without tripping over a psychic - literally. Sam and Dean come to town to investigate a murder and end up learning how the psychic game is played. The boys kick it old school when a ghost is being controlled by a third rate medium. Sam and Dean also got to work through some relationship issues of their own. Great episode, but not a great depiction of the real Lilydale.
B000JQUKKU|1.0|Just pay a couple of bucks for one that is decently formatted and has what the description states. NO Table of Contents, NO illustrations, NO navigation.
B005TPS0WG|5.0|Amy Pond (Jewel Staite - Firefly/Stargate Atlantis) stars as a brain eating monster who once saved Sam from being eaten when they were kids. When the same brain eating deaths occur in a nearby town, Sam ditches Dean and tracks Amy down. Sam is ready to gank Amy until he finds out she was hunting for food for her ill son. Once Dean finds out he does what any hunter would do - unfortunately in front of her son. The son vows vengance and Dean vows to keep what he did a secret from Sam, creating tension between the brothers due to Dean's new found guilt.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Simple solitaire, with a few useful settings tweaks such as right-handed vs. left-handed, etc.  Unobtrusive ad at the start of every deal is a simple way to keep this app free without annoying the user.
B005P5TS5I|5.0|The seventh season kicks off with Castiel as god judging and correcting the world as he sees fit. Dean, Sam and Bobby are no longer his friends and anyone in the world who differs from his opinion (preachers, motivational speakers, politicians, etc.) end up as bloody carnage. Bobby and the boys summon Death (the fabulous Julian Richings) hoping to reel Castiel in. Instead they get an earful from Death about the new big bad called Leviathans. Leviathans are older more evil than anything on earth, and the reason god created purgatory in the first place. On top of everything else, the wall in Sam's head is down and all is not right with Sam's world. This is a strong episode that gets season seven off and running.
0062103377|5.0|If you enjoy the show then you will enjoy this quick read. It gives you the insight from Bobby's point of view. I enjoyed it, not a graphic novel, but fun to read!
B0066KVTKS|3.0|I don't know about you, but I can only take Becky in small doses if at all. To base an entire episode on her warped feelings for Sam seems a waste. Sam under the influence of a love potion and marrying Becky - seriously? Ugh! I did love the twist at the end with the yuppie demon getting his comeuppance from Crowley (Mark Shepard) and Crowley's big reveal at the end. I hope we have seen the last of Becky. This episode tried my patience.
B00322PK2G|1.0|You wont be able to sleep in the same room with this watch. No filming with this watch. No sound recording. no meetings with this watch. Worst watch ever.   It looks cute the first week, but the plastic is very easily scratchable and by the end of the first month it looks like a year old watch.
B0060URV9M|5.0|In a wonderful twist of writing, the leviathans have cloned Sam and Dean into the FBI's most wanted. They are robbing banks across the country and murdering people - all on camera. The leviathans want Sam and Dean out of commission for good. Bobby sends the boys to an old friend so they can redo their aliases and get off the grid. In the B story, Crowley (Mark Shepard) introduces himself (with a muffin basket in tow) to the head leviathan hoping to form an alliance. Excellent episode with hilarious scenes where the leviathan Sam and Dean trash their human counterparts.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Good game easy to play. There are no issues with the Kindle Fire. And that is about it. but I need more words to fill this up.
B005R9PBK8|5.0|The leviathans enter the local water supply and take over the bodies of children and adults. Their mission? To stay out of purgatory and feast their way around the world. Sam starts hallucinating that he is still in hell with Lucifer, and Bobby worries that Dean is drowning in worry about Castiel and Sam. Sheriff Jody Mills (Kim Rhodes) returns as a patient who meets the leviathans as hospital staff and calls the one person who can save her. The leviathans attack Sam and Dean and they are sent to the very hospital where the leviathans have set up camp. This is a very strong episode that keeps the tension high with the loss of Castiel and the introduction of a new big bad.
B0057RCFQS|5.0|These films are some of the technology of the advancement of film. Dinosaurs so real and the surrounding sounds of the jungle backgrounds is amazing. For those of us who have home theater. I recommend this DVD trilogy pack to fellow officianados.
B005VYGE64|5.0|Osiris (Faran Tahir - Warehouse13/Regent) decides to put people on trail for their lives and chooses Dean as his next victim. Sam acts as Dean's lawyer, but both are unprepared when the witness Osiris calls back from the dead is Jo Harvelle. If Dean loses the trail, Jo will gank him. This is a great episode about how the power of guilt eats away at our lives.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I am sooo happy with this app, I now have it on my phone and Kindle Fire! Way to go to the dev on this app! I sign in on both devices ...my twins will open their Kindle Fires on xmas..with this app on it.. we can follow along and make notes, etc., together! You can make notes.. follow plans(several options), highlight verses, etc. This is 100*!!
B006A1NMXU|5.0|When urban campers are attacked in their sleep, Bobby relishes the thought of going hunting in the woods with the boys in tow. The trail leads them to leviathans cooking up something to make humans more pliable, but the formula makes people more aggressive instead. Watching the head leviathan Dick Roman (James Patrick Stewart - voice of many video games/Madacascar penguins/Toy Story 3) dish out punishment to his minions is chilling. The ending where Bobby and the boys escape made me gasp. Another great episode.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I was arm-twisted into reading this book by my tween son.  Sometimes I have to slog through the stuff he finds so compelling (just shoot me if I ever have to read another \\"Warriors\\" book!) but not this time.  Which should not surprise me, because I also loved Collins' debut series, Gregor the Overlander.   Both books share the main aspects I loved: compelling characters with a more complex and subtle set of motivations than you typically see in young adult fiction.  Protagonists with brains, emotions and realistic young adult reactions in a setting designed to bring out the worst and best of its inhabitants.    For the record, I liked the Overlander series a bit better, at least the first few books, but this is in a close second place for my favorite contemporary YA series.  (And leagues ahead of the Lightning Thief, but don't tell my boy that!)
0060987464|5.0|In this book written by Marilyn Manson himself, he shows the trials he faced in life.  I can honestly say this is the best book I have read, and I'm probably going to read it again soon :)
B005H0IW6W|5.0|From the first song you are hooked... Every song is great and helps to get you in the Christmas spirit.... Thanks Michael!!!
B002MQYOFW|4.0|I have heard about this book for awhile now and I saw it for free for Prime members! I am a Prime member. I grabbed it and amazon charged me for the book. WTH? Prime is a ripoff. They (Amazon) need to fix this. BTW I have a Kindle Fire and grabbed the book via computer transfer since I am overseas witout wireless service.  UPDATE 9 DEC 11  Okay I contacted Amazon and they immediately apologized and refunded my money. When I asked why since I am a Prime member did I get charged anyway for a book that said FREE for Prime Members. They told me it was an error on their part and told me to delete it from my Kindle Fire and when I redownload it it would be free. Excellent customer service I must admit.
0596009208|2.0|Don't get me wrong; I can see what the authors were trying to do, but it just left me confused and searching for more precise definitions and structured learning. The attempt to inject humor means that you end up reading twice as much as you need to and have to filter all the junk from what is relevant. The chapters seem to dance around their subjects rather than nailing them down. One major frustration is that the book uses familiar everyday items to describe the concepts and functionality, which is a great approach, but then it totally misses the target on the naming conventions, e.g. when dealing with dogs, don't call the class \\"Dog\\" and then the object \\"Dog x\\" and the array \\" xx Dogs\\". It makes it very confusing to remember what you are dealing with - class, object, method, variable, array, etc. - without refering back to the original definitions/declarations. You end up not knowing your Poodles from your Shitzus - note the typical \\"Head First\\" humor there. When learning, I often like to work backwards, deconstructing the code to see what does what and this naming convention doesn't facilitate that.<br /><br />In addition, the first few chapters have all the data built in and there is no input. As an engineer, I like to see the classic input --> process --> output. Stating or generating the data internally just crowds the concepts and again makes it more difficult to reverse engineer the examples. I want to see more \\"real-world\\" examples that implicitly suggest what the function of the program is and make sense. If I know what I'm trying to achieve then it's easier to justify the code I'm using.<br /><br />At present, I'm trying to keep the faith, doggedly persisting with this book (as is my nature), in the hope that clarification will come in later chapters. I have experience of procedural programming over the years, from the early days of Assembly, BASIC, PASCAL, onto brief glimpses of OO with C++ and have even taken a short look at C# (again I have the Head First guide). Unfortunately, this book is not winning me over and despite several college degrees and a number of patents in my name, I really am finding it difficult to extract a great deal of useful learning from Head First Java. I guess some people just learn differently than others...?nately, this book is not winning me over and despite several college degrees and a number of patents in my name, I really am finding it difficult to extract a great deal of useful learning from Head First Java. I guess some people just learn differently than others...?
B004UID2LC|5.0|The rating system needs to include more stars for this product. I would rate it a 10+. It's easy to use. The App is fast and easy. The downloads were really fast.
1451627289|5.0|I haven't read a Stephen King book since \\"Bag of Bones\\" years ago.  This is a GREAT book and it keeps you reading and I have never read a book this large so quickly.  I recommend it highly!
0439023483|5.0|I heard Rosie O'Donnell mention this book on her show and just had to look into it.  After ordering the book I had second thoughts about my being too old to read it and planned on giving it to my Granddaughter.  When it arrived I just thought I would take a look at the first few pages.  Once I started reading this book I just could not put it down.  My chores didn't get done on time, I stayed up late and just never wanted to put this book down.  I was afraid it was going to be too violent but I was wrong.  I was very pleased that it had such a strong female as the main character.  I can't say enough good things about this book and how well written it is.  After telling my Granddaughter about it (she being 13-I am 70) she is waiting patiently to get it in her hands.  I purchased all three books but have to force myself not to start the second just yet as I know that once I start it nothing else will get done.  Thank you Ms Collins for such a wonderful read.
B003L77G6A|5.0|I love this tv show & can't get enough of Big Bang. I watched all of season 4 in 2 evenings & can't wait for season 5 to finish & come out. If you are a Big Bang Theory fan you will love owning the series to watch anytime.
B004DLPXAO|3.0|I loved this app. I read every chance I get. But this new update takes up over 30 MB. My EVO doesn't have that kind of storage. Please make it so I can move to SD. Tearfully uninstalled.
B005RJ6AIK|5.0|The film was enhanced so much by the proper selection and use of this beautiful traditional Hawaiian music.  There are many beautiful instrumentals played in the amazing slack key (ki ho'alu) style that is so unique and quintessentially Hawaiian. The music is sweet and pleasant and sounds so nice to the ears (nahenahe). Keep in mind, though, that most the instrumentals represent songs (mele) that have words and tell a story that really are quite appropriate to the timing used in the scenes of the film. The vocal selections in Hawaiian language showcase the beautiful poetry of an almost lost language, the beautiful 'olelo Hawai'i. The words tell important stories, envoke emotions, speak of loves both of people and of the land ('aina). Without this soundtrack, the film would have been just another movie.  With this soundtrack, the film is elevated.  Please listen to the samples and buy this soundtrack.  Then explore other Hawaiian music.  You will not be sorry. There are untold riches to be discovered.  Start with Gabby Pahinui, then go on to his sons Cyril, Martin and Bla.  Check out Uncle Raymond Kane and Uncle Sonny Chillingworth -- they are all masters of slack key guitar.  Check out Rev. Dennis Kamakahi, the next generation of slack key masters who came after Gabby, Sonny & Raymond. Dennis Kamakahi is considered the premier song writer (haku mele) of modern Hawai'i though his songs are quite traditional in feel. Slack key master Keola Beamer has mesmerized many people by his guitar stylings and his Aloha Music Camps have told untold people how to play slack key, an art which was close to being lost because of unwillingness of many older musicians to share their family secret (kapu) tunings. Modern slack key master and kumu (teacher) Ozzie Kotani will amaze you with the beauty and soul of his slack key instrumentals.  Indeed, anyone on this soundtrack is there because they have the bonafides.
B005HS00V4|4.0|This is a really new music experience. Peter Gabriel introduced an another feeling for his music. You shoud to hear and see at least two times to familiarize with the songs.
068484267X|4.0|Not quite as good as had been recommended to me but I would read it again - a bit different style of writing - Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country - am I at 20 words yet?
1416550550|5.0|A very complex plot, with history woven in.  I enjoyed the book very much and have been recommending it to all my reading friends.
0307891372|5.0|As you all may know, Skyrim is one of the best RPG games ever made (My opinion) and for one of the best RPG games ever made it needs a strategy guide to complement it and this guide has it all, from choosing the type of character you will enjoy most when playing this game, to finding all treasures scattered throughout Skyrim, to just completing the main quests. They have step by step instructions on everything, literally! It's such a detailed guide that I would say it's the best strategy guide I have bought and for 16 bucks.. it's so worth it!<br /><br />Character Selection:<br />Choosing your character is probably the most important thing in the game reason being, you must choose a character that fits you and your style of fighting. This guide shows you everything you need to know to choose the perfect character. It describes all the attributes (e.g. Destruction, Restoration, Alchemy, etc.) so you know what to increase and what not to increase upon leveling. It also gives you advice on which \\"follower\\" would be best suited for you, that is if you desire one of course.<br /><br />All Quests:<br />If you are ever stuck in a side quest or one of the main quests for a guild or something this guide shows you what is to be expected on that quest so you can prepare yourself. It doesn't say what there is to loot but it says if there is treasure worth getting. On major quests it informs you of special weapons for example, Chillrend. Yes it's back.<br /><br />Basically, this guide is amazing. You have to see for yourself, trust me and get it because it's so worth it!
B002ZG99QS|3.0|Unfortunately the soundtrack is the only part of the movie that gets 5 stars. The story, far too reminiscent of The Matrix (without the gritty violence and a squeaky clean backdrop), also has a major religious context that just weighs down the entire movie in 2 star pretentiousness. And the 5 star soundtrack? Weakened by \\"family friendly\\" violence that just seems nowhere near as epic as the music backing it. The overall most solid way to enjoy the movie is for the visuals, and even there we have some major cases of blue screen disbelief, and Clu's mouth (someone knows what I'm talking about!).  Buy the soundtrack. It's the best part of the experience.
B001RTP48Q|5.0|If you're an old PSB fan like myself, you owe it to yourself to get this one.  Go Pet Shop Boys!  Don't know why I waited so long to get around to this one.
B004P8JPS6|5.0|I don't usually read mainstream novels like this.  But something in the first couple of pages hooked me, and I kept right on going.  It's set in Mississippi, which the author manages to make intriguing, although taking quite a few geographic liberties with the region in question.  But the description of the long road lined with forest.  Yes, that's the way it is.  The villains (and heroes) seem a bit exaggerated, but it makes a good read.  The hero is not naive, and does not hesitate to get involved, but does not become complacent either, and puts everyone to the acid test until the litmus clearly turns.
B005HSG3TC|3.0|The case is tough but thin - lightweight and not at all bulky. However, the stand slips out and unfolds pretty easily. The groove in the back that holds the stand flap in place is not deep enough, so it is a pain to position it to stand in the first place. Then once it is standing, there is no mechanism to lock it in place, and given that the groove is so shallow, the stand can slip out and the kindle falls over. It falls more easily than I would like. Not awful all around, but too touchy for me to give it a great review.  I'd shop around for a more stable stand if I had it to do over again.
B004LROUNG|5.0|This is not a suspense book.  More like comedy.  But with some reasonable intrigue.  The characters are a little exaggerated, but the point gets across.  Mostly, I just couldn't put it down.  You will get insight into lawyers, including little and big firms, into the ridiculous fiasco that passes for both drug and legal industries in our country, and the symbiotic relation between supposed adversaries.  Most pointedly, through an entertaining story without moralizing at all, the author addresses by example the issue plaguing our society and world, i.e. that the dream of using productivity improvements (in any profession) to reduce our workload and increase enjoyment of life, is gone.  A few very successful people work 100 hours a week and make all the money.  The hero, after a drunken binge, uses his Harvard education, wit, and natural caring for people so solve at least his own little corner of this problem.  It's something I need to do in my own life, and the book really inspired me.
B000C13Y2S|5.0|I've had this tripod keychain flashlight for two years now. Saw it a couple Christmases ago and begged my husband to buy one for me. I carry it in my purse and use it often, especially in dim restaurants when we want to read a menu.  We set up the tripod, aim the light at our menues and VIOLA! Hands free light! :) One of my friends just borrowed the flashlight to use during her lab final in college because they dim the lights to be able to show slides so the students can't see their exam papers well. Everyone in her class wanted one!   In the two years I've been using the flashlight, I have yet to replace the batteries. For the price, it is really a handy gadget that no purse or pocket should be without.
B006A819AG|4.0|Musically, this album is nothing less than I expect from The Roots.  HOT!  Thought provoking lyrics over melodic tracks you can enjoy baked or fully awake.  I have every one of their albums starting with Organix and I've been satified with every one of them.  This album shows the maturity of the group and the musical ability to do something different while still satifying their core fans.  That's impressive.  However, timing out at just under 37 minutes, with the last few minutes being instrumentals labeled as Jazz, it does leave you wanting more (had to deduct a star for that).  Outside of the time, I have zero complaints (especially since I got it for $3.99! LOL).    Buy it, sit back relax, and listen to the picture the group paints through their lyrics.
B005G0YP3M|5.0|Great album!  My second favorite Gentle Giant, after In A Glass House.  Clear upgraded sound, nice packaging (especially with very cool reproductions of both the English and the American album covers), and a neat bonus track. I feel this album took the best of early Gentle Giant and improved upon those versions and showed their true capabilities.  Highly recommended!
B005OCFGTO|5.0|Our family isn't into all the behind the scene footage or extended anything. This simple collection was an affordable way to get all of the Harry Potter movies together! Exactly what we were looking for.
B005G0YP3C|5.0|Typically, if someone is reading a review of Gentle Giant, then that someone is at least somewhat familiar with the band.  This is a really nice album; in fact, I've read that some of the members of the group think this may be their favorite.  While not my personal Gentle Giant favorite, this album was a turning point in their sound, I believe.  More polished, yet still exploring.  This reissue is well done; great sound, nice bonus audio, and informative packaging.  A welcomed upgrade to my collection.
0007345623|5.0|That about sums it up. Buy it. Seriously, I doubt any other chick lit books take place in Williamsburg and feature a romantic lead in an indie band.
6304907648|4.0|This is one of those movies that I watch several times a year. There's not one specific thing I can point to as my reason for liking the movie so much, it's a combination of little things. The plot is original; the killer is a copycat killer who copcats a variety of other serial killers. I am a huge fan of Holly Hunter and she does not disappoint in this movie. Sigourney Weaver manages to portray a woman who is both strong and fragile. Harry Connick Jr., though playing a serial killer, is one of my favorite characters. He makes the most of his role and manages to stand out in the movie.   I could have done without the back story of Hunter and her ex- lover/ ex- partner but all in all it's a pretty good movie.
B004FOA84A|2.0|if you are a fan of hidden objects or ihog games from bigfish or Oberon then you are used to the great graphics like the ones in this game. however,  That's where similarities end, game is short &amp; frustrating. I completed almost  all tasks but couldn't change clock to 5:40&amp; therefore. couldn't complete game.  there are no hints or clues, if u are stuck google walk-thru for the game (its all text whereas bigfishgames walkthrus have screen shots.) &amp; you'll see where you are going wrong.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This app works exactly as advertised.  I get calls from the office on my days off asking for help with computer issues and since my coworkers can't always explain what they are seeing on the screen, it is hard for me to be of any help over the phone.  With Splashtop, I no longer have that problem.  Set up on the Fire couldn't be any easier and set up on the PCs with the free download is quick and painless.
B004SIIBGU|4.0|With this app, it functions almost exactly like eBay on the web does.  You can receive notifications, place bids, search for items.  the iPhone version is more robust right now, but I believe that will change in the near future.
B004TRJRD6|5.0|I read somewhere that Martin Scorsese compiled a list of the 10 most scariest movies of all time and I wouldn't be surprised if the 1974 shocker is on his list. Director William Friedkin assembled an excellent cast consisting of Ellen Burstyn (Oscar nominated), Lee J. Cobb, Jason Miller (Oscar nominated) and Max Von Sydow for this classic thriller. The disc is close to perfection with just a few scenes there is some grain but overall one will be pleased with this transfer--just don't watch this alone at night!
B005UKK4Y2|3.0|I love Charlie in IASIP.  Jason Bateman is great in Arrested Development.  Jason Sudeikis is funny dude.<br /><br />But, unfortunately, this movie just isn't that funny.  It is mildly entertaining.  I mean, I never wanted to turn it off.  But there weren't many truly hilarious scenes.  Bit of a disappointment.
B0000E6XH3|5.0|This is a perfect mix of old school anime and Daft Punk's greatest album released. If you haven't seen this movie and you're a fan you really should give it a shot, it's such an amazing thing to watch!
1400069181|5.0|Blake Mycoskie's book describes, in detail, the story of how TOMS came into fruition. He provides all of the good, the bad, and the ugly aspects of starting a business. Not only does he offer business advice from his own personal experience, but also from the experiences of other renown business owners. He believes that every good business has a story to tell, and there are several interesting stories behind businesses we use every day. Mycoskie believes in a lifestyle of giving back, whether in small or astronomical ways. After reading his book, I can honestly say I'm inspired to start something that matters. I believe anyone of high school age and up would enjoy and appreciate this book. His words are beneficial, inspiring, and interesting. I would recommend this book to anyone!
B004X80QNG|5.0|This app is great and works flawlessly. For you Amazon Fire users, there IS NO Google calendar on your device because it is not an official Google product. There is nothing wrong with this app and should not be rated down because your device is lacking.<br /><br />I am really looking forward to using this in my GTD system.
B0010T0QNQ|5.0|...but has grown on me! I just wasn't used to how HUGE they fit, but they are very comfortable, considering I am on my foot all day. Personally, I don't find Crocs attractive at all, but if you are on your feet all day, it does not matter. A definite must get!
B004Y6MU6S|5.0|I loved reading this book. The character development of the main characters was very well done. And during the climax...well, I haven't found myself silently encouraging the hero to make the right decision in a long time. Outstanding. And the unique world that Sandersan creates is amazingly detailed, beautifully described and wonderfully imagined. A touch on the long side, but it's a win all the way around for Brandon.
B0058VW36U|5.0|origionally purchased as the free app of the day on my phone and now that I have a kindle fire, it looks and plays even better! fun and addicting puzzle game. its worth the 99 cents. my fiancee and I both love this game
B002X6DQV4|5.0|This is a good addition to all the CTEK accessories.  I use it in my off-road RZR to plug in a heated seat  cushion for night riding.  The entire CTEK line is high quality excellent equipment .
B005URRCUY|3.0|I was not a fan of the last Black Keys album, so I went into El Camino with a bit of concern.  I'm happy to say that some of the growl and distortion from previous albums has returned.  My only negative criticism is about the amount of production they are putting into their albums now.  This is a great live band with a raw sound.  The edges of that sound get rounded down with this much production.  I notice this immediately when listening to them perform live.  They were on Letterman last night and performed Gold on the Ceiling.  The album version is good.  The live performance was brilliant.  The edge...the dirt and grit of their live sound isn't coming through on their last two albums, and it's a shame.  Great band and a good album, but I wish the dirt wasn't all washed away in post.
0786939532|4.0|I really hate the books following Drizzt because they have overly simplistic plots and characters, and were probably just rushed out to meet a deadline thereby suffering in quality.  However, the Dark Elf Trilogy, which began the whole series, was pretty good. It described the society of the Drow pretty interestingly, and made you sympathize with young Drizzt as he struggled to survive in it.  All in all, I recommend reading this Trilogy and then stopping, because the rest of the Drizzt books are garbage
B001UV4XJ2|3.0|I was unaware that an ultraviolet digital copy is slightly different from a regular 'digital copy'. I order the movies with this feature so I can put my favorite movies on my iphone/ipad. However this ultraviolet copy is not able to go on my itunes. You have to download it to flixster.com and watch it streaming from the website. You can download the flixster app for apple products and watch your movies that way, but you need to be connected to wifi. I never connect to wifi on my phone, and go plenty of places that I have no wifi to connect to on my ipad (traveling for example). So, in short- I would have liked to have the traditional digital copy and wouldn't have bought this pack if I knew.   The movie is great :) Harry Potter is always great!
0765350386|3.0|This book was pretty mediocre. I got it after a recommendation from a friend, as well as author Robin Hobb.  I found that the characters are really shallow and un-developed, and you can't really care what happens to them at all due to this.   The main character (Vin) is particularly blande and boring and barely even speaks.  The world isn't very well explained either, and doesn't seem to have much thought placed into it by the author. Sure there are 'attempts' at it but it just doesn't seem very vivid to me, compared to other series I've read.  I don't mean to be overly critical - this book is much better than completely awful fantasy such as 'Drizzt' series or anything from the World of Warcraft universe, it didn't really seem to pull me in and can't compare to better stuff like Dragonlance, Game of Thrones, LoTR, etc.
1576754227|5.0|This book is a great read in my opinion! I thin that EVERYONE could benefit from reading it! It relates to every aspect of life, EVERYONE has frogs that could be eaten daily!! No one has there perfect solution for situations it their daily life. Will probably re-read this several times!!
B000AJIF4E|5.0|I use these headphones with my Amateur Radio equipment.  I have had another pair in the past which my daughter has now. There are highly rated on eHam review. I love mine.
B0048LPRD2|4.0|Really like this movie.  When at the begining you live the junkie trip of the main character!  The colors, the rythm of the scene... the vision of a soul floating in the air!  If you are epileptic... try to avoid the generic!  Even if I'm not, I was still seing flashes and black dots after seing it!
B0034G4P9E|5.0|This movie hit me hard, harder then my words can do justice.  Growing up like many, with a parent that's an alcoholic...that eventually died from alcoholism this movie made me tear up.  I'm not the stereotypical softee, I'm a special forces vet (10th SFG) that never flinches from movies, but this one hit to the core of my heart.  Like others have stated, this movie isn't just about MMA or fighting, it's more then that.  It's about two brothers that drifted apart from their alcoholic father that by fate end up sort of reunited together.  However, don't expect a cinderella happy ending.    I am ordering this on blu-ray and can't wait to own it, one of the best movies I have ever seen.  Normally, I'll all for sequels but I think we need to end how great this movie is with this one.
B00005N6KG|1.0|It's about $7 for a reason...Unless you hate using the headphones offered by airlines, do NOT buy this item. Wayyyyy too loose; felt like having a a large shopping bag handle behind my head, the audio wasn't loud enough to drown out the crowd/train nose in the subway; at all, and just by looking at it you can tell that a newborn could break it in half. Audiophiles, beware of this item.
B004XNGKBS|5.0|I really enjoy how the text resizes as you write.  Also the word wrap feature is helpful.  This is The Best note app out there in my opinion.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|I'm a really big fan of Stephen King and 11/22/63 did not disappoint. The time travel element is obviously key to the story but the way the main characters are developed is just as important. I also highly recommend \\"Under The Dome\\", which is my all-time favorite book by the author. Can't wait for the next book Mr. King - thanks!
6305428425|5.0|For any fellow former wallflowers, you will love this movie.  I could relate to Romy and Michele's highschool angst and the music is great. In the end, you see that time changes everone, not just Romy and Michele.  A fun girls-night-out movie!
B004SC8YH2|5.0|Once again, Christopher Cross has swept me away and taken me on a beautiful journey with his melodic voice and heart-based lyrics.  This album is amazing - buy it and LOVE it!!!!!
1451627289|5.0|Stephen King at his best and yet another novel that made take back what I said about his most recent ones being among his best, I coundn't put it down
1451648537|4.0|I'm not an Apple person. So if you're an Apple person, you can stop reading now, because you probably won't like this review. I have never liked Apple's closed-system philosophy, nor have I ever liked what I consider their over-priced and under-powered products. I have always liked the open-system philosophy of the IBM PC architecture (which is usually simplified to \\"windows PC\\", but people forget that many different operating systems can and do run on the IBM PC architecture). As far as Steve Jobs goes, until I read this book I never really knew that much about him, other than the usual stuff - co-founder of Apple, father of the MacIntosh, and really, really rich guy. Now that I do know more about him, I have to say, I don't like him.  But I'm reviewing a book here, specifically a biography, and although it can be hard to separate one's opinion of the book from one's opinion of its subject, I'll try.  Basically, I liked this book. I liked it a lot, actually. I imagine it must have been somewhat difficult for Isaacson - who had previously written biographies of Benjamin Franklin ([[ASIN:074325807X Benjamin Franklin: An American Life]]) and Albert Einstein ([[ASIN:0743264746 Einstein: His Life and Universe]]) - to now write a biography of someone who was still alive. As a matter of fact, Jobs' death is not mentioned in the book. I know the publication of the book was hurried after his death, but I would have thought that at least the fact and date of his death would have been in the book. At any rate, if you segment Jobs' life (and the book) as Youth, Apple I, Not Apple, and Apple II, I found the most compelling parts to be in this order: Apple I, Youth, Not Apple, and Apple II. The last segment of the book - Apple II - I found to be rather dry, with a sort of hurried, factual quality to it (for example, subchapters were titled \\"iPod\\", \\"iPhone\\", \\"Apps\\", etc).  The final chapter is clearly different from the rest of the book, and it's easy to imagine that it was cobbled together very quickly on Jobs' death.   However, the first three segments - especially the first two - I found thoroughly absorbing. I am about the same age as Jobs (and Gates), so I have lived in basically the same social environment, and I believe as far as that goes Isaacson has captured the times well. And, as far as I could, by checking other books (for example, the excellent history of the personal computer [[ASIN:0071358927 Fire in the Valley: The Making of The Personal Computer (Second Edition)]]) and online sources, I believe his facts are, for the most part, correct. As I read the book, I was consciously looking for evidence of a fawning, or excessively flattering treatment, but I never really found that to be the case. That did seem to occur more in the last few chapters, but most of the book seemed to be very objective, even critical. The author many times, for example, would interject in parentheses stating when he thought a quote by Jobs was an outright lie. The first half of the book clearly described Jobs' character and motivations much more than the second half. The second half of the book was more of a description of Jobs' career, but even so, most of it - until the last few chapters - was very well written and interesting. Let's face it - Jobs had an interesting life, and although the book is 571 pages of actual text, it will take several more books to describe each facet of his career in detail. One of the most interesting parts of the book, and a part of Jobs' career I knew very little about, was his involvement with Pixar/Disney. As a matter of fact, approximately three quarters of his wealth derives from that connection. He is the single largest stockholder in Disney - by far.  I stated at the outset that I'm not an Apple fan, so what was my motivation to read it? Partly it was my interest in the history of the PC. As was Jobs and Gates, as a young man I also was drawn to the idea of a \\"personal computer\\". My first PC was an Atari 800, andI learned BASIC on it. I used to save programs on a cassette recorder. My second PC was an IBM PC/XT. It had a 5MB hard drive (yes - MB). It's not easy for anyone born after 1990 or so to appreciate the sense of wonder that surrounded the appearance of these machines. I sincerely believe that the drama that Jobs created with his product introductions to some extent stems from a desire to recapture that initial sense of wonder, that this is a machine that can be programmed to do anything you can think of. Another motivation for me was that, in interviews, I have heard the author put Jobs in the same class of great men such as Thomas Edison. Now, Edison is one of my heroes (one of Jobs' heroes as well), and I wanted to see for myself if that was justified (it was not).  Great industrialists are very often (though not always) focused, intensely energetic, ego-driven, and cruel people. And Jobs was all of those. And I don't think I'm being mean here, that's all in the book. The author does not psychoanalyze Jobs, but he does share some opinions, both his own and those of others, as to what motivated him. That topic alone is probably good for another few books. In the end though, the conclusion I drew was that he was not a very nice person, either to know or to work for. Steve Wozniak, on the other hand, apparently was a very nice person, and Jobs seemed to be cordial to him more than anyone else in the book. As a matter of fact, one of the mysteries of the book - for me - is that it doesn't really go into that relationship much at all. It mentions Wozniak, but only because it has to, I mean, he invented the Apple computer! Outside of that, if all you knew about Wozniak was what you read in this book, you would think he was just an early business associate of Jobs.   Steve Jobs was a visionary - no doubt about that. And he had an almost unerring sense of design. But was he a \\"great man\\"? I guess it depends on what you consider a \\"great man\\". But before you decide that, here's another interesting point - Jobs only got Apple back on its feet after introducing the iPod (several versions of the mac went down in flames). For the last 4 years (at least) Apple has received 50% of its revenues from iPod/iPhone sales, and only 25% of its revenues from computers. And the iPhone % is continuing to increase. In other words, Apple today is really a music player/cell phone company. Of course, Apple invented neither, they just improved them. So Jobs is a great man if you define that to be a man who transformed Apple into a domestic version of Sony. Now, that's not an insignificant accomplishment. However, creating a more aesthetic mp3 player is not my definition of a great man. But then, I'm not an Apple person...
0783225849|5.0|Great scary movie, reasonably priced, scared the daylights out of me, title very fitting, watch it and you'll know what I mean
067144901X|3.0|I like this one. It's much longer and many more things to talk about. Multiple animals help to draw interest of my 20-month old baby. We use it every night.
B000JIJPZY|4.0|We have loved this as a back-up playmat that we keep in another room, while we use a larger playmat in our main living area for daily use.    The best feature to this playmat is the tummy-time display at the end with a mirror, rolly-ball, and silky leaf-flap. This continues to be a favorite place for tummy-time.  The little pillow that comes with is pretty useless, but a good idea. We also switch up the structure of this so that the arch is over the actual mat.   This is also a great set-up for play in a bebepod/bumbo chair, as the hanging toys are within reach of a baby in such a seat.   I wish that there were more options for hanging toys...here, they attach with velcro to a small hanging strap rather than a typical loop that you can attach a link to. The giraffe is pretty cute : )  The colors, while bright, are not as obnoxious as the square Rainforest playmat. Another bonus is that this disassembles and folds up pretty compactly.  Overall, if I could only have one playmat, I would stick with the larger Precious Planet playmat, but as another play area option, this one is great!
0307938905|2.0|I can't say exactly what it was that I did not like about this book. Perhaps because it was too 'magical' or 'fantastic' which is a genre I do not especially like. Had I realized the book was a fairy tale I would not have purchased it in the first place. The story irritated me so much I was unable to finish listening to it in its entirety. However, it was well written and the narration was above average, so if you like fantasy you will probably like this book.
B004SBX112|1.0|the game took 4 times to load and when it did the graphics were all messed up,couldnt see half the stuff
0545128285|5.0|I have absolutely no complaints about anything written about Harry Potter except that I can't seem to get enough.  Every time is restart the series and then finish it, I feel sad like I have nothing else to do.  This book is no exception.  A cool spinoff from the Deathly Hallows, even including the actual Deathly Hallows story!  Wonderfully written, this book really completes the series and is a must read.  Come here for this book and others related at a fantastic price: [...]
0441009425|3.0|I liked but didn't love this book.  As hard SF goes, Revelation Space is definitely on the \\"harder\\" end of the spectrum. It's a got a complex, ambitious plot, with all sorts of far future tech casually treated as normal fixtures of reality. The novel's vision of dark, mysterious alien powers, which are behind the disappearance of civilizations whose ruins are found throughout the galaxy, is intriguing. The protagonists are the \\"gritty, complex\\" sort, driven by their own personal agendas, and not unwilling to manipulate or even betray the others. Reynolds does a good job of writing clearly, conveying a sense of the underlying science without over-examining it. He also deserves credit for writing some convincingly tough female characters, without making a big deal about it. The plot wasn't uninteresting.  On the minus side, Revelation Space suffers (in my opinion) from a flaw common to other hard sci-fi, namingly that its intricate plot machinations and cerebral focus don't leave much breathing space for the emotional aspects of the story. Though the main characters are credible enough, it's hard to care about them, and I found myself wishing that Reynolds would slow down on the intrigues, shipboard politics, and space battles, and offer a little more of the awe and wonder that I read science fiction for in the first place. For example, there's a scene towards the end of the book in which a character penetrates a vast alien artifact, but Reynolds barely gives any attention to what it looks like, or the character's reactions. Talk about a wasted moment. Though it's been years since I've read Dan Simmon's Hyperion, *he* made such scenes into page-turner material.  Unfortunately, the audiobook experience adds another flaw: the reader doesn't leave any space between scene switches! This led to numerous rewinds on my part, whenever I wasn't paying close attention. The character backstories get a little confusing.  In sum, your opinion of this book will probably depend heavily on whether or not your tastes already include a lot of hard SF (Vernor Vinge, Peter Hamilton). If so, there's plenty of smart stuff in Revelation Space. However, for other readers, the lack of much emotional resonance might override the other selling points.
0810993139|5.0|I love Diary of a Wimpy kid! From the first book to The Ugly truth! I'm always so interested in what Greg is going to do next! I can't ever put the book down! I bought all 5 books and they are all so funny and interesting! I have books 1-5. I have yet to get \\"Cabin Fever\\" but, I'm so excited to get it! There are so many people who live the series, and I'm happy to be one of them. I love these books, keep writing, Jeff!
B001UV4XIS|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie. It was a fairly close representation of the book, though I was disappointed that the final scene between Harry and Voldemort did not take place in front of the crowd. It would have made for a cheering audience in the theatre if there had been a crowd around them at the end of the duel.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|I enjoy doing majong but this has some new twists to it so it is interesting to play. Definitely a game that will keep your interest & keep you coming back to play again.
0786860707|5.0|This is just the bigger and better animation book I`ve ever seen, really a MUST HAVE for every animator. The book is huge in every way and is very well printed, The cloth cover with a golden pinocchio was a very happy surprise.
B0053VKP8S|5.0|This did exactly what I wanted it to.  My application was converting digital optical audio signal from HDTV into analog audio RCA signal.  I wanted to use my Bose soundock as my surround sound for all TV, bluray and Ipod (one thing for all, small, great sound).  I connected with a digital optical cable (not included)from the TV to the converter, and then connected the converter to the sound dock with an RCA to mini jack (headphone plug, also not included).  Due to the cost of the cables just figure this set up is going to cost you about $20-$25 more when you add high quality cables.  This was not an issue for me as I was prepared for it.  The unit itself is small and discreet so it's easy to hide.  It also appears to be well made, much heavier for it's size than one would think and strong metal casing.  I honestly cannot discern any quality difference between my current application and the one it replaced which was a big bulky surround system (JVC and Yamaha components that had an optical input).  So even with the conversion to analog, the circuitry must be of a quality such that it doesn't matter.  And as one would expect, when connected to the Bose, we get room filling sound.  My one issue was that I was trying to use the TV's speakers in addition to the soundock to achieve a fuller sound.  But occasionally, we would lose all signal from this converter to the soundock.  It could be reset by unplugging and plugging back in but that was a pain.  I eventually just turned the TV speakers off (TV audio menu) and now no problems.  Overall, I would definitely recommend.
0571238343|5.0|The book is just amazing and it came a little late than I expected, but for its size I know it cold happen, feel sorry for the mail man.
B000FC2PKG|4.0|This author keeps you on the edge of your seat. I almost didn't want want to read this book when I was alone. She does a great job with really dark suspense, sometimes a little much for me. But this is a great read overall. I recommend it.
B0063IH60K|4.0|This game is addicting.  The game play and controls are intuitive and easy to learn.  Auto complete is an awesome feature.  Ads are a bit annoying, but the app is free, so no real complaint there.
B000J103PC|5.0|Its a really good girl movie it has a little bit of everything its funny and a little bit sad with a little bit of love.   Bought it used from amazon for a dollar!! Arrived in its case and like new.
0307891372|5.0|This is a great game guide. I would definitely recommend as Skyrim has massive amounts of quests and miscellaneous things to do. The table of contents and index are fantastic. EVERYTHING Skyrim offers is neatly organized in this guide.
B005K17RU0|5.0|far more aesthetically pleasing than the weather channel app with more accurate and dependable information. this app is definitely tops.
B00596WEVI|1.0|I was excited to get thid dvd but it played 10 minutes and thrn froze. The disc appears new but wont play.
B003L77GH4|5.0|another great cheesy vampire story of two beautiful men. season one definately sucked me in and here i am on season two. i will definately be buying each season until its over!
1451627289|4.0|Can't really say much more than so many other reviewers, but I couldn't put this book down.  It was exciting, unexpected, with twists and turns I didn't see coming.  Loved the alternate universe/ post-apocalpytic section and particularly his very interesting view of how would-be politicians would have made decisions!  This is certainly an exciting and wonderful read - just had a hard time holding the book up in bed!
B005AUWY2W|5.0|This product is well worth the money.  I use the blu ray for in home use and the dvd for on the go use.  Although it came in a dvd package, this was the way to go to get the product that was well worth the value.  I recommend buying this product if you want to purchase Cars 2.
0802473156|5.0|Excellent book.  It's a must read for every relationship, romantic or otherwise.  Highly recommend reading this book once a year.
B005KELQEU|3.0|After searching for a kindle sleeve, I came to the conclusion that for hardly any money (or no money, in my case) you can easily sew a very adequate custom sleeve in whatever material you want. It's very simple.  I took the sturdy cloth covering that came in the box with some boots I ordered, cut a simple pattern by using the kindle as a guide, and quickly sewed (by hand) the sleeve. It is basically an envelope. (You could put a snap on the flap, but it is not necessary.) You could even used a little thicker, quilting-type material.   I'm very happy with it; it solves the problem, can easily be washed, and I saved 20+ (or 30+) dollars!
0440241901|4.0|Light and fun and not a Shopaholic clone.  I enjoyed the Shopaholic books but was ready for something fresh!  And Emma was fun, funny, and like some of us feel sometimes!
B006JPS1OM|5.0|I really enjoyed playing this game, I didn't stop cause I couldn't put it down til I was finished! :) this however is the demo but I bought the full version cause I was hooked. buy full version and you will see for yourself! :)
B005K0HDGE|5.0|I will admit I've only read a few of Stephen King's books - I don't have a negative opinion of him or his books, just not my usual genre.  I saw an interview with him discussing this book and the idea of time travel intrigued me - as well as the idea of what America might be like if history could be changed.  I was hooked from the first page.  I could not put this book down.  The story line does not slow down; the characters are likable and interesting.  My only issue with this book is that I didn't want it to end. To that I will add the ending was great!  I wouldn't have changed a thing!  Give this book a try.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Solitaire looks great on the Kindle fire. Solid gameplay - able to tap or drag cards. Ads at beginning of each round are easy to skip.
6305127697|5.0|Richard Gere gives a fine performance as the arrogant super-star trial lawyer lifting a good but familiar plot into a most entertaining picture. Edward Norton is also notably successful in a part that could have gone over the top but doesn't. Supporting actors give the kind of support that helps immeasurably. A Bishop is murdered; his killer is obvious, but the star attorney steps in to do a pro bono job for the notoriety and, as he gets to know the case, because he believes his client to be innocent. Some might be offended by some of the content on religious grounds (for reasons I cannot go into without revealing plot lines); most, will be intrigued by the dilemmas faced by the  prosecutor and the defense attorney. A good film for most people who are not offended by the aforesaid religious issue.
1451627289|5.0|I've read nearly all of King's books and this may be the best, or at the very least in the top 3. Not your usual spooky horror story from him. If someone wrote that I would have probably shied away, but don't. This has the supernatural appeal without the usual level of fear and horror (don't mistake horror for suspense - this has plenty of suspense) I love in his books, but is a SUPERB read. In fact, I think this will appeal to those that don't like the fear factor in most of the King books. I recommended this to my brother, he bought and read, he gave it 5 stars.
B005K17RU0|5.0|works great, everything is automatic, I can see the weather while I read the newspaper. I love android apps. kindle fire rocks.
B005CAAVVQ|5.0|Wow! This is a great recording! I was first introduced to this type of music on a TV show called Lonesome Pine Special a long time ago. I saw on there a band called the \\"Rebirth Marching Brass Band\\" and they were over the top. Little kids mostly playing this foreign blues/jazz/soul/funk music primarily on brass instruments and horns. It was incredible. We those little kids have grown up and we are now seeing the result of the seed that was planted on national television. Trombone Shorty has now put out this second release (his first,\\"Backatown\\" was \\"Grammy-nominated in 2010)and it is an incredible mix of everything like a gumbo of blues, soul, jazz funk,hip hop and bounce. Andrews wrote or co wrote all 14 tracks on this recording and shows his deep roots and broad knowledge of musical styling. This release is like a non stop party. As on a lot of recordings there are a number of guest artists but the one who stands out in my mind is Jeff Beck.... Yeah...that Jeff Beck. As most of you know, Jeff beck is my main dude and it's hard for him to do any wrong! His playing stood out on Do To Me and it is immediately recognizable as him... but I got to tell you. My favorite of all the terrific tracks on this recording is the soul tune \\"Then There Was You\\" (I could swear D'Angelo is hiding in there somewhere).
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|Such a great ending to a fantastic series!  Hopefully the author will produce other ones in the very near future.
B001CTDH76|5.0|This show is so good and the first season introduces the characters well, especially Jane.  Patrick Jane is awesome, for some reason I get this false sense like I'm smarter after each episode.
B004TTMYQG|5.0|I love this app. I use the widget to show me the upcoming days and agendas. it is awsome. I would use this widget not droid.
B0035G04TI|4.0|Finding love is not the biggest challenge, it is keeping it according to Gary Chapman. In his book The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate he builds on this premise.  Chapman, a professional marriage counselor and host of marriage enrichment seminars, uses antidotal stories from his professional experience and mixes in scholarly study to unlock the secrets behind love.<br /><br />This book is meant for anyone who wants to gain insight into love and keeping the passion hot using a few systematic approaches.  The purpose of the book is to help couples stay together and grow their in their love for each other.<br /><br />Like in interpersonal one to one communications a common language is needed.  But what happens if you speak English and your mate speaks Russian?  No literally, but figuratively. Yes the language of love is universal but there are cues and styles that we learn as children and continue throughout our lives.<br /><br />Chapman identifies five distinct love languages.  They are words of affirmation, quality time, receiving gifts, acts of service, and physical touch.<br /><br />Briefly they are as follows: Words of affirmation are giving loving statements, \\"I love you\\", supportive ones, \\"thanks for making me breakfast.\\"  Quality time is spending time with your lover and being present in the moment, learning to be an active listener. Not merely shooting out solutions but being empathetic and loving. It is much more than merely sitting on the same couch watching television but going on a hike, going shopping, sharing in a good conversation over a nice dinner.  In receiving gifts, this refers to not necessarily the monetary value of the gift but the effort and thoughtfulness of the gift.  Lastly, and the most common for most, especially men, is physical touch, hugging, kissing, and sex.<br /><br />Love is a choice and if desired needs to be sought after.  This book is good in making you realize that the secret to a good relationship is one in which you continually work at it and are committed to give much more love than expected.<br /><br />Learning the love language will empower anyone in becoming a better lover in all the senses of the word.at it and are committed to give much more love than expected.   Learning the love language will empower anyone in becoming a better lover in all the senses of the word.
B0034G4ORM|3.0|Overall the Blue Ray movie works great and I am happy with my purchase. The only thing I'm dissapointed with is the movie did not come with a digital copy but in the sellers defense they never said it did. I just assumed that it did because that seems to be the norm when I buy blue rays anymore.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love this game, and this app is a great version. I love this different choices for shuffling/dealing, and the auto-finish is fun. The cards even spin in different patterns when you win! Neat! Overall, great version, especially for a free one!
1576875776|4.0|After reading about her in a magazine I was happy to discover this book of her work.  The new Cartier-Bresson, Atget street photographer. She captures the times with a unique bent. Flipping through the book is like a history lesson from Maier's point of view.  My only disappointment was with the quality of the book itself.
B0061S073A|5.0|This is must have app. if you have a child. my little boy is safe on his own page with all of HIS apps at his fingertips.  The one change needed is the background screen. Ugly brown just doesn't cut it. How about some cheerful backgrounds?
B0063IH60K|5.0|never had a prob with it, love solitaire! this has the option to change card backs and the back ground.
0439023521|5.0|I could not put these books down and read all 3 in about 4 days.  This book series is amazing.  Perfect action and adventure, plus the struggle of life, death and love?  It's great.  I think the series could have gone into a 4th book since it felt like it was rushed towards the end to hurry up and \\"finish\\" the book, but it's not that I didn't know where all the main characters ended up and that their lives were happy.....Overall this is a must read!
0738711500|5.0|it got here a lot faster than I was told it would come in, great packing nothing was crushed or dirty....
0312576463|5.0|It has recently come to my attention that when a contemporary novel gets any sort of attention, let alone high praise, beyond the literary world, anyone who's the slightest literate grabs hold of it by its throat and inflicts a fatal stab. Why are we so quick to shut down and disregard professional critics and their opinions when they give such glowing reviews?  Anytime there's a general consensus that repeatedly says what an important work of fiction an author has created, we instinctively love giving the work the lowest amount of stars available when it our turn to review it? I really don't understand all the negative reviews from everyday readers out there concerning Jonathan Franzen's latest novel, \\"Freedom.\\" In fact, it was precisely these particular reviews that kept me away from the novel for the longest time; that and Oprah Winfrey's endorsement-but that's an entirely different topic. After over a year of successfully steering clear from Franzen's work, I am so angry I wasn't privy to this novel sooner; It was my fault nonetheless,  but I'm attempting to change that by letting readers know to not be afraid or misguided by such negativity.    Freedom, at its basic level, is a family saga about a middle to then upper-middle class family, the Berglunds. Franzen does an excellent job creating believable, readable, relatable, and fully realized characters, if unlikeable (to many readers, but who wants to read about reprocessed archetypes?). The story tends to revolve around married couple Patty and Walter as well as Walter's best friend since college, aspiring musician to then bona fide indie crooner Richard Katz. The idea of modern freedom is also discussed beautifully throughout. What does it mean to live a full life with freedom? How can there be so much turmoil in America and in our own lives when we have such freedom? Much of the time, it's freedom that's the answer to many of our pondering questions on life and love.  I don't want to be quoted as saying Franzen's novel is a masterpiece or the very example of the \\"great American novel\\" (though there's a strong debate for it). I can't say that Franzen's novel is a classic (only time will tell) worthy of accolades from a time when literature really meant something to world. What I will say, and what I can safely say is that \\"Freedom\\" is a great book! When a story is so compelling that it becomes very easily to get lost into, then that would be my definition of a great book. Regardless of what political party you lump yourself into or whether you agree or disagree with current state of the world's environmental climate; whether you voted for Obama or dislike him entirely, Franzen's novel is truly beyond all that. I would easily recommend this book to anyone who truly loves literature and the written word. Ignore the negativity and take a chance. You have the freedom to do so.
B002VWNID6|5.0|I love this movie.  I receive it quickly and watched it as soon as I received it!  The price was great and the DVD was in perfect condition.
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|THIS ONE!!!!  Yep, so much has been written already but I cannot stand to listen a second time so I need to vent...  Unless you are a die hard Lou Reed fan and in your 70's and going deaf yah might actually appreciate it. Otherwise sorry, this album is pure RUBBISH. It should be found under L for Lou Reed not M for Metallica. Sadly it sounds like Lou Reed is reading from a book (Note I didn't say  singing), and I doubt if the backing band which happens to be an incredibly mismatched Metallica were even in the studio. There isn't an ounce of creativity from the lead guitar. I think this album was put together by mail order.  J. Hetfield once said 'We like to keep our fans guessing', gee I'd never have guessed they would do something so f... stupid as put their name on the worlds worst album...   NEXT TIME YOU WANT TO SURPRISE YOUR FANS DO AN ALBUM WITH LADY GAGA so we can all laugh at you and not puke. (She has 10 times the talent too and a prettier face)  Okay maybe not Gaga, how about Ozzy Ozbourne?? Redeam yourselves Metallica... You have hit ROCK bottom...  This is also the first album I have ever thrown in the bin, I wouldn't even give it away because I can't stand the idea of it being given back.  Thanks a lot.
0446573019|5.0|I go hot and cold on David Baldacci books.  Zero Day is hot for me.  Puller is a new protagonist, and I mean new.  An Army CID guy who has a ton of forensic skills, knows a little about guns, is a bad ass and seems generally reasonable to envision.  Some West by-god Virginia landscape and solid characters, well done and with a twist. Who could ask for anything more than a very well written work with a brand new protagonist type? Well, I suppose you could throw in weapons of mass destruction.<br /><br />Robert Cook, author of Cooch
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I have a couple of thousand notes in Evernote and have used it for years.  The key feature is that they support all platforms and sync across them all.  I never lose a note.  I used to cycle through note taking apps, but for years now, Evernote has been my sole app for notes.
B0000040EO|5.0|After coming off a flop or two, I believe after she played Mary of Scotland (which I thought was pretty good); Katharine Hepburn, not to be undone, dove into a romantic comedy with Jimmy Stewart and Cary Grant in a classic film that won Stewart Best Supporting Actor.<br /><br />Storyline: There are already several reviews that totally plot out the plot, but I will say there were several themes that I enjoyed:  Cary Grant's character throwing Tracy Lord down on the ground as she breaks his golf club across her knee; Tracy finding out that she is not in fact a goddess and would prefer being treated as a human being, not someone to be admired and worshipped; John Howard as George Kittredge who is supposed to marry Tracy (John went on to TV fame in the 50s and 60s) and the subplot of a romance between Elizabeth (Ruth Hussey) and Macaulay Conner (Stewart) or rather she holds the torch for him.<br /><br />The other interesting character actress was the smart 14 year old who plays the sister to Tracy, very precocious and looked like she'd be another Shirley Temple, but left acting and Hollywood soon after Philadelphia Story.<br />Bottom Line:  The one-liners and zingers that Grant puts out are great.  Stewart still young after Mr. Smith Goes To Washington and does a great romantic lead as Tracy gets drunk and has a dip in the pool with Connor is hilarious.  A must-see.<br /><br />I heard that Bing Crosby made a 1956 remake, High Society.  This I have to see!<br /><br />VHS Features:  Also featured was a biography of Katharine Hepburn told by the 85 year old actress herself!  She discusses her loves, her  dealings with directors, who inspired her and who did not, and her affair with Spencer Tracy.  She was feisty and active and had quite a philosophy about life.<br /><br />Other special items:<br /><br />[[ASIN:B001KXZGNW TCM Greatest Classic Films Collection: Romantic Comedies (Adam's Rib / Woman of the Year / The Philadelphia Story / Bringing Up Baby)]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0006Z2KXE The Philadelphia Story (Two-Disc Special Edition)]]
B003L77G8I|5.0|I have been a big fan of bones since it first started.  I really enjoyed this season although I would like more episodes per season.
1423136802|5.0|I bought this for my son and he loves this set!  I have a hard time getting him to read and he doesn't have any problems wanting to read!
B004RJMUJO|4.0|very fun but its missing the new update with the pomegranate and also add multiplayre. also it needs maybe more blades and backgrounds. please update.
1904994679|5.0|My Grandson wanted this book for his birthday. He is 10 years old and very much into world records. This book gave him everything he wanted.
B005HV6Y84|5.0|GREAT CD!! Love it! The sound track totally fits the movie. I give it 5 stars all the way. I can't wait to purchase the movie!
B000J103X4|1.0|I know I am in the minority here, but after the fantastic and breath-taking \\"The Documentary\\", \\"Doctor's Advocate\\" came as an immense disappointment.  The easy going, relaxed, but insightful lyricism that I experienced in his debut album was completely lost, filled with needless vulgarity and dry, processed gangsta hits.  I gotta give props to \\"It's Okay (One Blood)\\", but that's about it.
B004ZNB12O|4.0|I bought this album mainly to add to my collection, but also because of the new edit of Time without the obnoxious clocks. But I would really love to see them to put together a one disc greatest hits featuring a song off each album. Overall this a pretty decent collection of their hits for the casual fan.  I wouldve included an edited version of Dogs and Echoes, but oh well, still an album worth buying in my opinion.
B00004T9UF|3.0|I hate to say it, but out of his pre-\\"Show\\" albums, the MM LP is his least interesting.  Sure, songs like \\"Criminal\\", \\"Who Knew\\", and \\"The Real Slim Shady\\" are strong outings, but a lot of the songs just left me scratching my head.  It's a hard album to grade, I would give a 3.5 if I could, but it's not like this album is lacking for praise.  Also, this may sound like I'm contradicting my previous statements, but \\"Stan\\" is the best song that Eminem has ever written.
B0036T31YY|4.0|I just watched it via Amazon Instant Video. It's a good movie. Like the other reviewers said it's rather basic with the elements of time looping and offers nothing super-different and is actually quite predictable by the 2nd or so loop, it still was something that will keep you entertained. The downside is that because this is a horror/thriller/sci-fi(ish) movie the ending is wholly predictable at some point and of course it's not a good ending for you happy movie ending types. In either manner I didnt think this movie was a waste of time.   It actually makes me want to go watch Premonition which I havent seen in a long time and Memento.
B000RG1FMO|3.0|My favorite thing about owning this album is that it was Kanye's last musical effort before he decided to sell out.  I know, I sound like a hipster, whatcha gonna do?  Unfortunately, it is still weaker than his previous two albums.  He has lost a lot of the soul and personalized lyrics of his former efforts, but there are still enjoyable tracks on this record.  Favorites: \\"The Glory\\", \\"Champion\\".
B0013O123Q|4.0|I watched this film with my flatmates on Netflix (speaking of which why isnt this available on Amazon Prime stuff Im signed up for...I mean this film came out in 2000), Mainly because I saw some clip of it on Youtube and I kept hearing about \\"the scene\\", I actually was planning to buy it on BluRay before even truly investigating it (and because Monica Belluci is just smoking...I mean damn!).  Though after seeing it I dont think I really want to own it on BLuRay. After, seeing it though I'd be just fine with DVD copy. The way the story unfolds is awesome and I love that aspect, though because it's done that way when we got to the end of the movie you kind of are less affected by what the director was aiming for (also partially it became predictable towards that point).   Anyway, Im not a movie snob, so Im not gonna \\"empathy and relations to the characters and the breathtaking and captivating emotion that was exhibited by the protagonist\\" and all that ra-ra-ra. I'll say that this movie was entertaining and I'd definitely recommend it as something to watch because it was interesting. Only complaint is in the beginning of the movie I guess the director \\"is trying to set the mood of the characters fustration\\"....lol...so the camera is in very low-light conditions and constantly jittering which causes headaches and annoyances.
B003ZJ0ZX0|5.0|After hearing \\"Billionaire\\" and \\"Just The Way You Are\\", I decided to make a leap and purchase this album.  I'm not usually a fan of mainstream pop artists, but I was absolutely blown away by this album, from start to finish!  Bruno presents a style that's both easy going yet makes you wanna jump up and start dancing.  He and his production team masterfully create songs that are very easy to listen to and enjoy, and just make you feel good.  Even the more \\"emo\\" tracks (\\"Grenade\\", \\"Talking to the Moon\\", \\"Liquor Store Blues\\") have a lighthearted feel to them.  Nothing groundbreaking or challenging here, just allow yourself to be serenaded by Bruno's carefree notes and you will be very satisfied. Favorites: \\"Runaway Baby\\", \\"Marry You\\", \\"The Other Side\\"
B005LJK3AC|5.0|A little dirty, so watch the kiddies, but this movie is hilarious and very well produced.  Highly recommended for those with a great sense of humor looking for a good laugh. Plenty of slapstick comedy, sexy performers and killer acting. I think I have a crush on pretty much all of the main actors, including Jennifer Aniston. Ten thumbs up!!!
B0039ZF8D2|5.0|This is an album I hesitated to purchase, because while I had no doubts about NaS' lyrical ability, I was unfamiliar with Damien Marley and unsure about how he would contribute to this project.  After listening to this CD, I feel downright silly.  Damien easily matches NaS' skill and prowess, and even tops him on a couple songs.  Overall, this album is incredible; from the thematic elements, to the lyrical content to the guest appearances, it is hard to find any flaws.  And \\"Tribes At War\\" is possibly the best rap song of the past few years.
B004UXUUDA|4.0|Ever since my book club read [[ASIN:1250004349 Sarah's Key (Movie Tie-in)]] a few months ago, I'd been wanting to see the screen adaptation. Only one theatre was showing it, and it was never very convenient for us to go there, so I waited for it to arrive on DVD so that I could watch it from the comfort of my own home.  The film adaptation remains true to the novel, but it was unexpectedly shorter than I had anticipated. Like the novel, the film also left me emotionally exhausted and haunted by the true-life events that it chronicles. Although Sarah's and Julie's stories are entirely fiction, they honor the memories of those who lost their lives in this tragic event.  Like the book, the film of 'Sarah's Key' alternates between Sarah's story, which takes place in 1942, and 60 years later when journalist Julia Jarmond begins investigating the Vel' d'Hiv roundup and discovers that the apartment owned by her family has a connection to it.  'Sarah's Key' is very difficult to watch in some places, and I found myself angered by those events and at the people who instigated them. This is not a film to watch unless you are mentally prepared to see death or mental and physical struggles to survive. Unlike the book, however, I felt distant from most of the characters acting on the screen before me, especially Kristin Scott Thomas (\\"Julia\\") and Frederic Pierrot (\\"Bertrand\\"). The novel's character Julia felt warm, conflicted, desperate, and eager, while Thomas's portrayal of Julia seemed to just go through the motions; I'm not very familiar with her body of work, but she did not use facial expressions to the extent that I would have liked to see. As for Bertrand, I absolutely hated him in the book, and didn't have a strong opinion of him either way in the film.  The two actors that stood out the most to me were Melusine Mayance (\\"Sarah\\") and Niels Arestrup (\\"Jules Dufaure\\"). Melusine Mayance delivers a heart wrenching performance as the young Sarah, who tries desperately to getback to Paris to rescue her brother. Niels Arestrup's facial expressions are such a joy to watch; he is able to convey so much emotion and I literally sat at the edge of my seat holding my breath just watching the most tense of his scenes. I've since seen him in 'War Horse' and I look forward to seeing him in many things to come.  Bonus Features:  These are definitely worth taking the time to watch; you'll learn about the author Tatiana de Rosnay's road to publication as well as the development of this film, meet Melusine Mayance and hear the director speak about her, and see what life is like on set in between filming.
0451169514|5.0|I hesitate to recommend this book, because, simply put, it is the most frightening work of fiction I have ever engaged in.  It strikes at the very core of fear, because the monster itself is a manifestation of its victim's fears.  Because of this, the part of the brain that separates the fictional aspects of a horror story will fail you.  Seriously, I was not prepared for how terrifying the book is, (and I've read Carrie, Salem's Lot, Pet Semetary, Misery, etc) and had trouble sleeping.  Even as I write this review, I am overcome with unease.<br /><br />Stylistically, this is an amazing book.  The juxtapositions between the two timeframes-- the protagonists' childhoods and their adult encounters with It-- elevates the story to a whole new level.  And King effortlessly examines the frailty of the human psyche, especially when the threat is fear itself.  This is why the monster has no name, only It, and I felt just as much a victim of It's horrors as the characters.<br /><br />All in all, read this book, enjoy it-- just don't expect it to be easy.
B00013AXEE|5.0|This is one of the most refreshing and entertaining books about writing I have ever read! A truly enjoyable read!
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|Let me start of by saying i am a Marine currently deployed , These books have made time go by so much easier. I cant wait to go home and watch the upcoming movie!! must read
B0038M2AZA|4.0|Sometimes I forget, HBO makes some of the best entertainment available anywhere.  This is one of those.  Claire Danes gives a remarkable performance as Temple, an autistic woman who has become a professor of animal husbandry at the University of Colorado (I think).  Her journey which starts here in high school, shows how determination, a unique intelligence and a mother's refusal to let her daughter be minimized has been an inspiration for many with similar afflictions.  Granted, there are scenes difficult to watch, but for the most part this is an uplifting story of some special people and certainly worthy of the Emmy awards the movie received.
B004SKIPXW|5.0|again beside getting capt.america ,i needed some 3d movies to watch so i took a chance on this movie and again this movie is full of surprise and action and the 3d is more in your face effect thru out the movie also a must watch
0783231202|4.0|One thing you can say about Steven Spielberg is that his films are always compelling.  When he steps away from fantasy and takes on serious subject matter he seems to remember that he must keep the audience involved.  In this historical drama, a slave ship sailing from Cuba to the U.S. in 1839 is overtaken by the slaves.  Their journey began in western Africa where they were captured and taken to the Cuban slave market.  During the rebellion numerous crew members are killed by the captives.  The ship is eventually captured by the U. S. Navy and the slaves are taken to Washington for their fate to be determined by the courts.  Several entities made claim to the \\"property\\" including 11 year old Queen Isabella II (a young Anna Paquin) of Spain, the naval officers who snagged the ship and the \\"owners\\" who purchased the slaves in Havana.  With a fine performance by a then unknown Dijimon Hounsou as the leader of the slaves, the film documents the hellish events the slaves endured on their passage.  This includes a memorable scene where 50 are stripped naked, tied to a net full of rocks and sunk into the sea.  This because the ship masters underestimated the needed rations for the trip.<br /><br />Much of the drama takes place in the courtroom however.  An attorney (Matthew McConaughey) is hired by a group of abolitionists led by Tappan (Stellan Skarsgard).  After winning a couple early decisions to set the slaves free and return them to the native country, Baldwin (McConaughey) enlists the help of elderly former president John Quincy Adams (Anthony Hopkins).  The current president Martin Van Buren (Nigel Hawthorne) manages to circumvent the previous court and refer the matter to the Supreme Court for final resolution.  He is concerned that in 1839 the states remain divided over the slave issue.  The southern states still have legal slavery, the northern states do not.  He does not want to go down in history as the president who allowed the inevitable civil war.<br /><br />Hopkins has one great scene (and an Oscar nomination) where he makes an impassioned speech before the court.  He has a couple points of historical significance.  First, the slaves were in fact free in their home country and were illegally kidnapped and brought to America.  Secondly, he prevailed upon the independence of the court from the executive and legislative branch.  Even though 7 of the 9 justices were from the South, Adams prevailed and the slaves were returned to their homeland.  The film is provocative, deliberate and of historical significance.eat scene (and an Oscar nomination) where he makes an impassioned speech before the court.  He has a couple points of historical significance.  First, the slaves were in fact free in their home country and were illegally kidnapped and brought to America.  Secondly, he prevailed upon the independence of the court from the executive and legislative branch.  Even though 7 of the 9 justices were from the South, Adams prevailed and the slaves were returned to their homeland.  The film is provocative, deliberate and of historical significance.
B005IZLPME|5.0|i was really worried about this movie n got cause i just purchase 3d so i had to find something in 3d to watch and wow this movie is excellent in 3d the story and vivid 3d 1080p was serperb not to memtion with my dlp mitsu this movie is a must worth it.
B0063IH60K|5.0|love it when I am on the bus train plain love it it is great and kids love it to
B004NOCCEG|1.0|For  documentary, this movie is far from objective. It's almost as bad as watching a Michael Moore film: a bunch of cleverly edited gotcha questions and responses
6304711891|5.0|No need to examine your fundamental beliefs with regard to Right and Wrong. No Moral Dilemmas. No profound Lessons to be learned. No concerns as to the Motivations of the Characters. Nothing to do but, sit down and enjoy,  as the cover blurb for the DVD says, \\"A Slam-Bang Action-Thriller\\" (citing Roger Ebert). Sean Connery, Nicholas Cage and Ed Harris play their assigned stereotypes to the hilt and are absolutely believable in their unbelievable roles. The stunt coordinator and crew deserve the highest honors for their series of explosive exhibitions, the supporting cast is excellent in their exaggerated take-offs on vicious government officials and debased mercenaries. All in all, its a happy, if momentary relief, from the dreary political, economic, social and military news which fills (in late 2011) the news media.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|it's awesome, predicts very well very smooth, works great on my galaxy. i think that sometimes it is reading my mind
B001UV4XHY|5.0|It is a great movie. It came new in the case as stated and it got here pretty quickly. The only thing is that it is only the DVD...none of the other cool figurines and toys that the movies usually come with.
B005HSL626|4.0|This is a great game that I love 2 play! kind of repetitive though and fruit slice has none of these ads! Fruit slice is also free! but there are only four ways to play
B0061JPYX2|5.0|Beautiful send off. Ronsen does this album with detailed love and care. All the covers are excellent and the originals are beautiful. It's not Black to Black, but for as quickly as it was thrown together, this certainly does Amy justice and you have to think she would be happy with it.
B000U7SN8O|5.0|I had no idea that this album could be as great as it is. Its separate elements I have heard on other albums (folk. lo-fi, old timey oddities & historical references, horns not unlike Dylan's Rainy Day Woman #12 and 35, quirky but appropriate vocals) but nothing together quite like it. It's fueled by a beautiful passion and vision maybe just a little bit north of bipolar tendencies and/or schizophrenia.  Mangum sings like this might be his last shot to have the world listen and maybe he was right. I can't get this music out of my head and I'm glad its there.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I love this game. It's a great way to occupy waiting in line,being on hold or ignoring otherwise boring interactions :)
B005K17RU0|5.0|This is a great app to have! Easy to use, and because it's always in the ongoing app section, its very easily accessible. I would recommend it for sure.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Love that it does most of the work with just a touch.  Other than that, Solitaire is pretty much Solitaire.
0062101897|5.0|I could hardly wait until I received the book in the mail, which arrived in a timely matter.  It was a magical  experience seeing the actors growing from chilhood in their personal lives and their characters.  I would highly recommend buying one or more for yourself and your friends as well.
B0043URV8M|1.0|I had to end up ordering another one, because when I opened the wrapper and the case there was no CD in it. I have never had this happen before. I was very upset as it was a gift for my husband. I will think twice now before I order again.
B005FLX2WC|5.0|I am happy I bought this great Duo album. Joe Bonamassa always makes good records, and this CD is of great quality.
B006FTCH2E|5.0|This is one of those films that seems made for people who are meant to see it.   It has wisdom for those who are ready to hear it.  It suggests questions for those who are ready to ask them.  It presents possibilities for those who are ready to acknowledge them.   A jump to the left or a step to the right...a perfect mirror image can become distorted by the tiniest of cracks. Which way do you turn when you encounter a fork in the road?   If your ideal film is one that has you hitting the pause button multiple times not out of boredom but because you just HAVE to stop and ponder the implications of one line or another...if your love of movies is rooted more in trying to understand \\"reality\\" than trying to escape from it...then this film will be an amazing and extraordinarily worthwhile experience. However, if you're just looking for something to allow you to delay for a few moments or hours or years your inevitable confrontation with yourself, I would avoid this at all costs.
B005OCFHHK|5.0|For a good price, you can have the full movies-pack for Harry, and in the best quality around.... completely necessary...!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Use it for lists, coupons, receipts, we tags, anything you want to archive.  Replaces several other apps like chrome to phone and notepad apps.  Best part is cloud sync so your info is available everywhere.  I use it on mu Android, Fire, notebook, and desktop.
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|I had thought that the difference between the DVD version wouldn't be big, but I was mistaken- the quality of the versions is beyond I imagine, and all the extra material I just haven't see the half of it! Some more interesting that others, but all good material...!
1466208686|5.0|Excellent book!! Worth the money. It increased my confidence level to a great extent. The book covers almost all interview techniques. Thank you, Gayle.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|I purchased this product a month ago for my PC Gaming Build, it performs well as describe in the specifications. I used it to cool my intel i5 2500K overclocked at 5.5 GHZ with a stable temperature ay 49 degress celsius. I probably recommend this product Cooler Master 212 hyper plus heat sink with 120mm fan.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|I love games like it is a great game and works great on kindle fire I played it on my computer before I even got my kindle fire
0060873027|5.0|This fascinating Crichton sci-fi thriller begins as a murder mystery, and takes the reader on a \\"Fantastic Voyage\\" to a type of \\"Jurassic Park\\" - on a micro level - with a band of graduate research students led by the brother of a murder victim. An entertaining sci-fi page turner.
B000002J0B|5.0|\\"Houses Of The Holy\\"  #1  (1973).  The Birmingham rockers returned with their 5th release \\"Houses Of The Holy\\", in early 1973.  This album has a more relaxed feel to it, there are some playful songs and it has a lot of atmosphere on a few tunes.  Here's what's inside, the thundering \\"The Song Remains The Same\\", a classic, nice blistering guitar by Jimmy.  The sweet \\"The Rain Song\\", their #51 hit \\"Over The Hills And Far Away\\", nice acoustic strummer, that turns up the volume after around a minute, Plant in fine voice here.  The funky \\"The Crunge\\", good keyboards by Jones.  The playful \\"Dancing Days\\", probably the loosest Zeppelin got at this point.  Their #20 hit in \\"D'yer Mak'er\\", a reggae infused tune, another light hearted attempt of humor.  \\"No Quarter\\",  brings back that early Zeppelin sound, very moody, but still sounds great.  And the album ends with some of Jimmy Page's greatest riffs in \\"The Ocean\\".  They would take off another two years from recording and come back with their 2 album release \\"Physical Graffiti\\".
B005IU1OMA|5.0|The Art of Flight with Travis Rice shows some of the most amazing footage ever captured in world of back country snowboarding. The duo with Red Bull Media House takes you into the riders world combined with Go Pro faceshot footage showing first hand what its like to ride some of the most intense terrain never ridin. The quality of the HD camera footage with the pure ability of Travis Rice makes Art of Flight a must have for your collection, unlike any other snowboarding film you have ever seen. [[ASIN:B005WY3TI4 GoPro Camera HD HERO2 Outdoor Edition CHDOH-002]]
B00005QDW5|5.0|I have had this compilation for a bit now. Just did some A/B listening to it in comparison to some of the more recent remasters - not the 2011 vintage mind you. Quite good sound! I like it. I can pick it out on a random play vs. the other album cuts. More punch. Cleaner. More balanced frequency response. Just my 2 cents.
B0066W1AZK|5.0|I play on my Cruz and the app is flawless. Cpu opponent is excellent. Great tool for chess training. I recommend this for any level of chess player. Definitely worth downloading.  Writing this review was the most painful part of the process.
0439023491|4.0|I won't say much about the book itself . . . with 1,000 other reviews already posted there is not much else to say. Its a really good read, but there are some issues you will have to deal with.<br /><br />* The love interest switching between two boys constantly. Most of this book is awesome - the love story part feels cheap and tacked on and takes away from the rest of the story.<br /><br />* Sleeping together. For a young adult book, lots of sleeping in the the same bed with boys. Nothing really happens . . . but a 17 year old boy and girl sleeping in the same bed? That's enough for me to call it awkward.<br /><br />* Violence. I really like this book, but parts of it are pretty violent. Hard to know what age to recommend it to. My suggestion is for parents to read it with their children and judge when its age appropriate. Some of the violent issues that come up in this book are kids killing other kids, kids being beaten, a young boy shocked to death, and a story about a girl ripping another child's throat out with her teeth.<br /><br />Despite the awkward love interests and the violence, this book has a lot to offer for young adults. Read it first, read it with your kids, or read a lot more about it before you recommend it to them. The lessons and the fight against corruption are powerful, and the story is told at a perfect pace that will certainly keep your kids interested. Recommended.
1400064627|4.0|This is a delightful novel, peopled with characters that leap off the page and stick with you after you have closed the cover of the book. I actually miss some of the characters from \\"Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe\\", and that has only happened to me a few times in my reading life.<br />I am not going to get into the rehash that many of these reviews seem to focus on about this novel not being like the movie. For the record, I love the film, but it is a different creature than the novel, and yes, the novel is the superior work. Fannie Flagg also wrote the screenplay for the film, and she chose to make a different story for that medium, and that is fine. But don't read the novel expecting it to be the film, it isn't.<br />\\"Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe\\" is really about the people and less about the plot, and I like this approach to the text very much. It is told as a series of vignettes that come in non linear order. The jumping around is purposeful, as it mimics how memory comes to us, and how we remember and reflect on our past and those that peopled it. These memory flashbacks are interspersed with the linear story of Evelyn Couch and her friendship with a retirement home bound women named Ninny. Flagg has captured small town southern living in the early and mid twentieth century wonderfully, and Whistle Stop is filled with very interesting characters. Too many for me to write about here. Some are good, and some bad, and Flagg refrains from judging any of them. She just presents them as they are, in their own elements, and lets the reader do the rest. To her immense credit, they are very real people. As three dimensional as they come.<br />There are times when I felt the text was a little hokey in that it is not a constantly well written book. However, those flaws are few and far between. To compensate there are many moments where Ms. Flagg's prose is wonderful in its colloquial simplicity, and raw human power.<br />I will return to Whistle Stop again. No higher praise for a novel. If you have never been, you should drop in for a visit.in. No higher praise for a novel. If you have never been, you should drop in for a visit.
B00004WG2F|2.0|Not recommended. 10 minutes was more than enought for this movie. Thanks to fast forward. Boring. Couldn't get into it.   Nice nature. Violence.
B004G600A4|5.0|Ordered two copies of \\"Tangled\\" - my 2 1/2 year-old grandson's fabvorite movie - one for his house and one for ours.  Both arrived in excellent \\"used\\" condition, and on time, as promised.
B005G4TJUC|5.0|I am so glad I got this Transformers Video for my younger brother he is going to love it and it is in brand new condition. Thank you for this great Christmas present at a great rate !
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Wow it works great, it's like installing windows on the Kindle Fire<br />i can use Google Chrome and watch TV shows from my HD Homerun using windows<br />media Center,and play DVD movies as well.<br />Maker sure that media center is in window mode not full screen, you could move the window around on the kindle fire too fit the screen perfect.<br /><br />Pretty much anything you could do on the desktop can be done on the Kindle fire,<br />not bad for only $2.99
B0000041DF|5.0|Rachmaninoff: Concerto No. 3 in D minor, Op. 30 / Tchaikovsky: Piano Concerto No. 1 in B flat minor, Op. 23 is a 1995 compilation album that features the amazing pianist Martha Argerich. The first recording is lead by Riccardo Chailly as he leads the RSO Berlin. The second recording is led by Krill Kondrashin as he leads the Symphonie-Orchester Des Bayerischen Rundfunks. Argerich is as amazing as always and showcases her immense brilliance on these very fine recordings. Highly recommended indeed. 5/5.
B001EC3JME|5.0|It holds all types of flashlights from my Olight to my 4D mag.! It takes about a week to break in but after that is works great. The rotating belt clip is great for holding the flashlight while you are walking and don't have an extra hand to hold a light to see where you are walking!
B004GCK6XO|1.0|In this highly implausible movie, death, who has been around since the world began, for no logical reason decides to personify himself for the sake of an unremarkable business executive. Brad Pitt, with hair that looks like it was cut off and pasted back on, decides to use the body of a young man who had just met the business man's daughter. So he arranges a car accident. Using the body of the deceased young man, he introduces himself to the main players. But rather than coming off as Death (which had some real possibilities had this been a dark comedy), he appears more like an alien from outer space and is clueless about the social mores of modern man.<br /><br />This movie had some potential, but it is horrible. The actors do what they can, but the script is terrible! It's really just a bad movie on all levels.
B0009FU0ZQ|5.0|This was a great murder mystery that even had a great side plot that tied in to the overall story!!   After seeing the horrendous movie Reversible Errors, a similar Tom Selleck vehicle, I wasn't looking for much in this yarn. Boy was I wrong! This mystery kept me up on the edge of my seat and had me wondering how it would be solved.  My one quibble is they revealed the antagonists a bit too early. Despite this, I understand it was necessary to move the plot along and it worked fairly well. Although I was hoping for other suspects so the protagonists could interview other \\"persons of interest.\\" However, that would have necessitated dropping the subplot whioch was simply too integral to the story to discard. I liked how the story came together. Even the minor characters worked well. Viola Davis, Mimi Rogers, etc!   Buy this DVD and you won't be disappointed. In the next couple days I'm going to see Death In Paradise. I'll give you that review when I'm done with it.    A. Nathaniel Wallace, Jr.
0316067598|5.0|An absolute page turner. If you love your country and family and enjoy the freedoms that you have then this book is a must.One story about one mission is an eye opener. The training ,sacrifice and love of country is truly inspiring. Makes me wonder how I stack up. God bless our military. God bless our SEALS.
0060855924|5.0|My favorite Discworld novel. Rincewind the wizzard who can't do magic and Twoflower the Discworld's first tourist bumble through a series of hilarious adventures. The humor is as much from Pratchett's sarcastic/humorous narration style (reminiscent of Jerome K. Jerome or Douglas Adams) as from the plot.
B004EPZ03O|5.0|\\"The Muppets\\" is a wonderful movie that manages effortlessly to appeal to both the younger adult and mid-life crowd who watched them on TV years ago (and saw their previous films in theaters) as well as young kids who laugh at Fozzie's jokes (sometimes so bad that they're funny anyway) including the one about \\"fart shoes.\\" The plot moves along at a good rate, never too fast or too slow; and the song and dance numbers kept me very entertained. The cameos by Mickey Rooney, Alan Arkin, Zach Galifianakis, Whoopi Goldberg and many more add to the movie's charm and excitement. I also liked the numerous references to days gone by: Kermit has a Rolodex for his contacts and no computer; there's an \\"80's\\" robot with that awfully annoying screeching \\"handshake\\" when the modem starts up; and the old posters from the days of \\"The Muppet Show\\" are great to see in this film, too.<br /><br />When the action starts, we quickly meet two sweethearts Mary (Amy Adams) and Gary (Jason Segel, who also co-wrote the script) as well as Gary's brother Walter (voiced by Peter Linz). Gary is rather close and sometimes too protective of his brother Walter; this sometimes irks Mary because she wants romantic time alone with Gary--not to mention a marriage proposal from him. Walter soon realizes that he has a lot in common with the Muppets--in fact, it turns out that he is actually one of them himself! (That may seem like a spoiler but when you see the film it's immediately obvious as Walter looks very, very much like a Muppet.)<br /><br />When their coveted vacation to Los Angeles finally comes, Gary and Mary take Walter along with them to Los Angeles where Walter wants to tour the Muppet Studios and see everything that has to do with Muppets. Much to Walter's horror, they discover that the old Muppet Studios is barely alive save for a few brief tours by a burnt-out guide (Alan Arkin). Walter steals away to secretly explore Kermit's old office but has to hide under the table when people enter--and that's when Walter discovers that bad guy Tex Richman (Chris Cooper) and his flunkies plan to tear down Muppet Studios to drill for oil and incredible wealth. Walter, with the help of his brother and Mary, must then try to find Kermit or at least one other Muppet to let them know what danger their old studio is in--and what the Muppets must do to save the studio provides the rest of the plot. Needless to say, there's plenty of problems just finding and recruiting the old gang of Muppets; Fozzie is doing a really bad tribute act in Reno with the not so pleasant \\"Moopets;\\" Miss Piggy is working at a Vogue magazine office in Paris and Rowlf has retired quite happily.<br /><br />Watch \\"The Muppets\\" for the nostalgia; and let your children experience the wonder of this fine troupe of puppets and actors. The plot is somewhat predictable although there is an unexpected twist or two near the very end; but through it all the film retains its heartwarming qualities and that's terrific.er discovers that bad guy Tex Richman (Chris Cooper) and his flunkies plan to tear down Muppet Studios to drill for oil and incredible wealth. Walter, with the help of his brother and Mary, must then try to find Kermit or at least one other Muppet to let them know what danger their old studio is in--and what the Muppets must do to save the studio provides the rest of the plot. Needless to say, there's plenty of problems just finding and recruiting the old gang of Muppets; Fozzie is doing a really bad tribute act in Reno with the not so pleasant \\"Moopets;\\" Miss Piggy is working at a Vogue magazine office in Paris and Rowlf has retired quite happily.   Watch \\"The Muppets\\" for the nostalgia; and let your children experience the wonder of this fine troupe of puppets and actors. The plot is somewhat predictable although there is an unexpected twist or two near the very end; but through it all the film retains its heartwarming qualities and that's terrific.
0441013597|3.0|Frank Herbert weaves an impressively complex tale set during a time of \\"stagnation\\" in the human race, who are now spread throughout the galaxy and governed under a harsh feudal system. Plot threads include paranoid politics, mystical religions, mind-expanding drugs, prophecies, ancient feuds, and plots within plots all centered on the inhospitable desert planet of Arrakis. Despite all its complexity and imagination, the book is not among my favorites. The paranoid, scheming world the characters live in made them all unsympathetic, merciless pragmatists who wielded (or even created) religion as a tool. I enjoyed it as kind of a dystopia, but felt no connection to any of the characters.
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|I love the Harry Potter series. Amazon was prompt and courteous on their service. Thank you. I hope there will be more Harry Potter spin-off's in the future.
B0025UHKNS|4.0|Just got this watch.  First run was very frustrating as the display kept changing randomly and then was stuck on a GPS signal screen.  This was NOT the information I was hoping to see during my run.  I figured out that my skin and clothing were bumping the bevel and causing this.  You can lock the bevel by simutaneously pressing the 2 side buttons.  Also set the displays to scroll.  After I figured this out, this watch is giving me exactly what I was looking for.  An accurate distance/pace measure, heart rate/calories, and easy tracking on my PC.  I also use the HR monitor only for winter indoor workouts, works great.  Only reason I did not give 5th star, is that the 1st run was so frustrating, I cannot give 5 stars.  Garmin needs to instruct to lock the bevel in the quick start guide.  Updated: Feb 7, 2012  My watch stopped connecting to satellites, which is very frustrating as I had 2 weeks where I was not able to use the watch.  I contacted Garmin, they suggested updating the firmware and restting the watch.  This worked for a day and then the watch again would not get a signal.  Garmin offered to fix the watch under warranty, but said it would be $110 if the issue was determined to be non-defect.  I returned the watch to Amazon for a replacement.  I am giving this watch another chance as I really like the capabilities and accuracy.  Through 2 runs, the replacement is working great.
B0050SYS5A|2.0|First of all, I think this should have come with the Kinect in the first place.  Not everyone lives in a giant house with tons of space.  I just have to say that.  I've been waiting for this for a long time and was just reading some reviews before placing my order.  I see the reviews are MIXED.  I have a possible explanation that i hope some people will try and let me and everyone else know if it worked.    Kinect's sensors aren't as good as you think.  And it REALLY doesn't tell you what you need to get it to function at its best.  If you are a pale person, wearing white, against a white wall, It WILL have trouble following and seeing you.  It's annoying, but for the BEST results playing, wear a brightly colored shirt that's a solid color without graphics on it and a bright pair of tightly fitting gloves (nothing too bulky or baggy like winter or work gloves.  I just use obnoxiously colored rings from the dollar store for little kids party favors and a pair of rubber bracelets, or sometimes my red gloves I wear to the gym for lifting.  The more you look like you're filming a motion capture sequence, the better.  Also, Make sure your room is VERY brightly lit.  Unless you can take a picture in that room WITHOUT using a flash, it's not bright enough.  It uses a camera too.  And finally, Make sure the wall behind you isn't all busy.  Not covered with posters or a room full of people watching you play, Not a cluttered dresser or bed filled with tons of stuff.  If it can't be helped, Just cover it!  Buy a bag of clamps from home depot or Lowes for $6 (the plastic ones in the shape of Jesus fish) and hang a sheet behind you, plain solid colors of course, preferably something light green or blue, the opposite color of skin tones.  Clamp it to the door and to a shelf or dresser or something.  Doesn't have to be perfect, just enough to hide the busy parts.  If there's nothing for you to clamp onto, just buy some PVC pipe for a few dollars while you're at home depot gettingthe clamps and build and rack to hang it on.  I GUARANTEE your Kinect will work better if you do this.    So, How does the ZOOM fit into this?  It has its own lenses to refocus the Kinect, but I'm SURE the lenses are not as good quality as the built in ones on the Kinect.  Are they even made of glass?  So, I'm sure the lenses magnify, but also BLUR the image slightly that the Kinect is receiving.  So, all these things that can cause the Kinect to have trouble seeing you are made worse by the burring.  Here's a test:  have the Kinect take a picture with and without the Zoom on it and compare sharpness.  If you do the stuff i recommended above, the ZOOM might work a lot better.
B001BPJJ9G|4.0|The movie looks fantastic as the colors are so vivid and sharp from the sets to the costumes. The tale the injured stunt man weaves is magical and, quite frankly, very violent (but doing it stylistically takes a certain edge off it).<br /><br />The annoying feature of this flick is the young girl he tells the story to. Her accent is cool to listen to but half the time I could not decipher what it was she was saying. Her acting was great but it got a bit annoying having to crank the volume and go back to find out what she said most of the time.<br /><br />All in all a great effort and I look forward to more from this director.
B000H4QD1O|5.0|Firefly is undoubtedbly the best series ever canceled after just one year.  Please God let them either make another movie or bring the TV show back! Lol.
B001H5X7KC|5.0|Ben Stiller is one of the most unfunny comedic actors out there but sometimes he is able to make himself mildly interesting (Zoolander, Starsky & Hutch and Dodgeball). On this, though, he hits the thing out of the ballpark. From the opening fake commercials and movie trailers to the entire script, casting and total laughfest (if you know your Apocalypse Now and Platoon scenes, you're in for a treat), Stiller proves that given total control he can do the job.<br /><br />The DVD extras are classic as Robert Downey, Jr., stays in character on the commentary track.<br /><br />Also, as this is the first Blu-Ray disc, all I have to say is...uh, there's not much difference in quality with Blu-Ray, folks. Sure it looks great but as do ordinary run-of-the-mill DVDs so what was all the fuss about?
B005V20JKI|5.0|best game on kindle fire. worth the money. if you are a beat em up gamer the this is for you. great time killer.
B000OVLBF8|4.0|Classic B movie fare. Nicolas Cage (as Johnny Blaze)channels his inner Elvis in some of the moves and gestures (watch the way he points to the crowd). Eva Mendes proves she can sure fill out a dress and is excellent eye candy. Plus you get a flaming motorcycle ridden by a guy with a flaming skullhead! What's not to like?<br /><br />Well, one thing is the typical Marvel Comic storyline which has the superhero all angst-ridden over his powers and predicament. Why can't Western superheroes not just be like Japanese superheroes--accept you have powers and start kicking evil butt?<br /><br />Gratuitous Peter Fonda shows up as the devil and thankfully a gratuitous Sam Elliot shows up halfway through to explain the whole storyline.<br /><br />The main flaw with this movie, though, is not enough Ghost Rider flaming skull action and too much Nic Cage and Eva Mendes attempting to act.<br /><br />The extras are boring--two audio commentary tracks and a couple of making ofs. But the soundtrack rocks thanks to Aussie band Spiderbait and the Melbourne sets are tremendous.<br /><br />All I can add is when is Ghost Rider 2 coming out and whomever gave this just one star needs a sense of humor. How can you not like the fact Johnny Blaze eats jelly beans out of a martini glass and is into monkey TV shows. This stuff is beyond classic on the intentional or unintentional comedy scale.
B006C45CFG|2.0|Not good as a western and very short on science in the science fiction category. A couple of big name stars that will surely be nominated for razzies.
0679720200|5.0|The first time I read this book it had a strong impact upon me.  It is a short book but tells much; but so many short books have so much to say.  This is a compacted way of writing, but this is a great book.  The story begins when Meursault gets news of his mother's death in a Home for Aged Persons where she has been for three years.  Her son never visited.  He hated to lose his Sundays travelling back and forth.    This trip would take him two hours one way.  But Meursault didn't do anything on Sundays but walk up and down in his apartment and watch passersby in the street from his window.  The book is set in Algiers, North Africa, a land of dazzingly bright sun, and  hot weather.  The story is told by Meursault himself.  His apartment is located in a lower class section of the city.  He is an office clerk, bored with his job, bored with life in general.  Meursault and his mother never had been close, just two roommates who live together to save money.  He is devoid of feelings.  He is concerned about his employer being upset about his having to take off to go the his mother's funerals.  Ash Wednesday Prayer:  From dust you came, to dust you shall return.    Existenselism:  I exist, therefore I am.  Stoicism:  Studied indifference.  Meursault meets Marie Cardona who had been a secretary for a short time in his office.  The two begin dating, sleeping together.  Marie wants to get married, Meursaut is indifferent.  Perhaps this is the thing to do.  He can care less one way or another.   There is an elderly man in the apartment, Salamano by name.  He has an old dog he beats and curses regularly.  The dog and the old man war with each other.  Then one the dog dog runs away, probably tired of being beaten.  Old Salamano weeps.  The dog is never found though the old man looks all over for him.  Meusault becomes friends with another man in his apartment, Raymond Sintes.  For a man with no feelings Meursault goes out of his way to get in good with Raymond and does his bidding.  This is where all his trouble begins.  Marie, a pretty girl, wants to get married.  She loves Meurault.  His employer wants to promote him and send him to Paris.  But...  Raymond is a pimp.  He has a mistress, an Arab girl.  He beats her up.  Her brother and his friends are after Raymond.  Meursault loves the ocean, loves to swim.  Raymond invites Meurseult and Marie to a little bungaloo on the beach belonging to a friend.  The friends go to visit.  The Arabs follow them.  Then, in the heat of the day, Meursault shoots and kills the Arab with a gun belonging to Raymond.  This man has done nothing to Meusault but has a vendetta against his friend.  Meursault is sentenced to death by a public guillotine execution.  He languishes in jail.  He doesn't mind.  It's all the same, work, jail.  Then Meursault thinks about his love of the ocean, his love of the city of Algies, his favorite time of day, his mistress and her love.  And he realizes he will miss all this.  But he doesn't believe in God.  His mother didn't either as far as he knew.  But at the end she wanted a church funeral.  She made friends in the Home for the Aged, had a boyfriend and a woman friend who wept uncontrollably at the funeral.  She never made friends at the apartment.  She felt the freedom ofleaving this world, not being tied to a body, to existence, to break the bonds of humanity.  Her son realized he was happy even though he waited for his execution.  He knew how she felt for he felt the same way.   The universe looks down on earth and her people with indifference.  All born must share the same fate, all must die.  And that's the way of the world.
B006G2124E|5.0|I was raised in the south during the 1950s and this movie really captures the spirit of the times. If you are expecting a comedy, it has a few very funny moments, but this is a dramatic movie saturated in realism.
B005V1WZ10|3.0|Jonathan Davis still can't catch a break with older fans of Korn. He's long lost the ability to return to his roots of singing ugly melodies in offbeat pitches, making them beautiful when mixed in with his band mates own ugly guitar riffs and effects. But what this album does is hide those inabilities, letting his voice stay as the single pitched, monotone growler that he's been ever since \\"Untouchables,\\" and it creates a new sound with the help of various electronic mix artists in Skrillex and company. Davis still thinks that yelling out curse words at the top of his voice is a powerful tool for his songs, but fortunately those moments come few and far between in this album.  Most of the tracks you find are of the generic sort, not outright embracing the full on sounds that electronic garage rock can produce, but also not sticking to the standard formula of nu-metal. What you get here are the various examples of Davis' current singing styles, guiding the overall mix of each song that accompanies the verses he creates. The guitar noises are present, but are heavily transformed by the mixers that you wouldn't notice them all too much anyways (let alone the bass, which makes you wonder if Fieldy had any part in playing any instrument for this album at all). But while the tracks here do feel somewhat uninspired, they do represent a nice throwback to \\"Helmet in the Bush,\\" the second to last track from Korn's first album.   As a Korn fan you'll find an enjoyable song somewhere in the track listing because you want to hear Davis' voice being put to a good beat; it's just that they're scant. I personally think \\"Burn the Obedient\\" is their most aggressive, and most enjoyable, track on this album, but everyone will find their own personal flavor.  For now, this album gets three stars because it's finally a new avenue for Korn to explore. Fans who were left wanting after The Matrix poorly mixed the \\"See You on the Other Side\\" and \\"Untitled\\"  albums should finally be satisfiedas this new outing fully embraces the electronic sounds that were barely there for the aforementioned titles. Let's just hope that Korn sticks with this new avenue and truly reinvents their sound, as their last few outings have been tired and uninspired.  Tracks to look at:  Burn the Obedient  Illuminati  Narcissistic Cannibal  Get Up!
B005D9MUWY|4.0|Shouldn't autospace after period. Shd b able to type e.g., e. g.,  w/o backspace. Also too often suggests inflected forms (stops & stopped & not stop. Ok, bad example. It doesn't do it w stop, but it does w others...) At least they fixed the forced space after numbers.
1451627289|5.0|Stephen King's 11-22-63 is quite the heftiest book I've read in recent years, but it holds together because of the main character, Jake Epping. It's a first-person narrative, and Jake's venture back in time to save JFK from assassination is believably motivated even though Jake wasn't yet born in 1963. There's a long sequence in Derry, Maine, before he goes to Texas, and this sequence proves not only suspenseful in itself but a kind of rehearsal for what he does in Texas. There's an emotional interlude between those two settings, and it's a welcome breather!  There are some nasty characters in this novel, but some very sympathetic characters as well--especially Sadie, a woman Jake meets in Texas. The personal story makes the book truly exceptional and emotionally resonant. Somehow, reading this book has reminded me of reading Charles Dickens--whose style and stories are hardly like Stephen King's, yet the two authors seem to have a similar storytelling genius.  The time travel in 11-22-63 can also be seen as analogous to the real-world practice of rewriting history, both in the media and in one's own memory. Jake's biggest antagonist in the story seems to be time itself, and that conflict makes a surprising climax and resolution. Both were a surprise to me--I truly couldn't foresee how the story would turn out.  I've read three of King's previous novels, The Shining, The Dead Zone, and It, and found all three extraordinarily good, but it's only with 11-22-63 that I've realized how he's carried on the tradition of great storytelling that was developed in the 19th century novel. He says he thought of writing this novel back in 1972, but didn't think he could do it then. What he did then was develop his dramatic narrative techniques through a genre that came naturally to him--I guess you could call it \\"horror fantasy\\"--but it seems he has always been a gifted storyteller.
1401216676|5.0|Remember Watchmen? That amazingly awesome graphic novel that redefined the comics industry? The one with the great writing, intricate story, and decent artwork? Well this one is by the same writer(Alan Moore), has the same kind of genius writing, the same kind of mature atmosphere, but guess what? The artwork is purely AWESOME(in bolds), with the garish colors of the original replaced with Brian Bollond's original vision for this masterwork.     The Joker escapes from Arkham Asylum (again) and hatches a plan to turn one of Gotham city's finest citizens, Comissioner Gordon, completely looney. This plan involves shooting Gordon's daughter, Barbara(Batgirl), in the spine, a permanent event in the DC universe. Running parralel with this story is an origin story for the Joker, although whether these events really happened or not is purely for the reader's interpretation, just like the thought-provokingly ambiguous ending. The Killing Joke is fairly short, but included is a story about a boy who plots to kill Batman, which is a very nice inclusion in this hardcover book.    The bottom line is, if you have any interest in comic books, Batman and his supporting cast, or great literature in general, this is a great book to read and have in your collection.
B0063IH60K|5.0|great game- only downside is that I'm becoming a couch potato hermit.  ive stopped going to work, shaving, calling my friends, bringing in the newspaper
B0063IH60K|4.0|great game at great price!. the ads are not too bad. good for passing time at a airport or the doctor's office.
1419702238|4.0|I got this for my 11 year old as soon as it came out with Amazon's pre-order program, which I LOVE.  She thought it was really good, but it wasn't her favorite.  She also thinks, for what it's worth, that he needs to stop writing this series because it's getting \\"purposeless.\\" ha  After she read it, she passed it around to several of her classmates, all of whom were chomping at the bit to read this latest book and all of whom enjoyed it.
B002HK9IDQ|5.0|I used this video as an introduction to music theater to a Girl Scout troup for their music badge.  These girls - age 11 - 14 - had never heard of My Fair Lady. The video was complete - 3 hours long - even with a built in intermission.  The music is amazing, the acting superb, the dance scenes delightful - exactly as I remembered it from years ago.  But the show never ages.  The girls loved it and came away singing and smiling. It is truly a gem in the crown or musical theater.
0374275637|5.0|This book came in perfect condition for a great price.  Love the book, very well written & interesting to read.
B004AU07O0|1.0|I love to listen to Christina Aguilera, most of the time.  I'm glad that I listened to her Christmas album before I purchased, which I did not.  Could hardly recognize the songs as Christmas songs.  Too much roller coaster of her voice. The music was definitely wrong.  Sorry Christina, stick to your kind of music.
B005K17RU0|4.0|Work's pretty darn good on my fire,  love the radar. Have not had one problem getting the information that I requested from the sit.
B005N0PJJO|4.0|Amazing wordsmith; though, I have to admit, there were a few editing errors. Though I highly doubt it was the author's fault. i think something went wrong during it's publication from traditional paperback to the kindle book. Some words were not separated when they were clearly supposed to be separated with a space. But no biggie, it didn't distract me that much from enjoying the story. Christian Grey is one yummy male alpha and I cannot get enough of him. I'm not into the whole Dominant thing and BDSM, but any woman would have to make an exception with this lead character. He makes it acceptable in a way that'll churn your insides because you're not sure if you'll approve if you were in the lead female character's position.  Nonetheless, buy it, read it, see for yourself.
0446563048|4.0|If you enjoyed Richard Branson's Losing My Virginity, Delivering Happiness by Tony Hsieh is worth a read.<br /><br />Delivering Happiness is the autobiography of Hsieh (pronounced Shay), who sold his first company to Microsoft for $265 million at age 24.<br /><br />He is now CEO of Zappos, the online shoe retailer that was acquired by Amazon in 2009 in a deal valued at over $1.2 billion.<br /><br />Not bad for a 35 year-old whose business ventures began at the age of nine with a worm farm.<br /><br />While I enjoy reading business books, when I started The Reading Experiment it was not my intention to review them. However, I really liked Hsieh's story and he has some great life philosophies.<br /><br />Delivering Happiness doesn't have the same level of glitz, glamour and adventure as Losing My Virginity.<br /><br />But Hsieh has the same entrepreneurial spirit and infectious enthusiasm as Branson and his journey to fame and fortune is equally remarkable - plus, Hsieh is an all-round nice guy.<br /><br />About halfway through, Hsieh explains the Zappos company values, its corporate culture (the company has been ranked 15th in Fortune magazine's Best Companies to Work For list) and its obsession with customer service. This was my favourite part of the book.<br /><br />I also enjoyed Hsieh's insights at the end of the book into what makes people happy.<br /><br />My only criticism is that Zappos doesn't ship to Australia :)<br /><br />Click on my profile above to find more of my recommended reads and visit my website to register for free email updates.
B005UA0FLE|5.0|I was watching 60 Minutes last Sunday when they interviewed Buble. They mentioned this was the top Christmas album of 2011. I flipped open the laptop and was typing \\"Amazon\\" while the interview was still on TV. I listened to a few of the previews and downloaded it on the spot. My wife loves this album too. The only song I have never heard before is \\"Cold December Night\\" which is a great one; but Buble's style makes all of them a joy to hear.
B005LJK3AC|2.0|I wanted to like this movie, I like the actors that play the characters of the Horrible Bosses, I thought that Jennifer Aniston look amazing in her role, and that they did not make a better dialogue for her and the others. It was a really bad remake of Office Space to my opinion. It was to obvious that they were really horrible, but at the same time I felt no sympathy whatsoever for the working guys. They were just a group of lonely men with no future, nothing to like about then. I just didn't felt they deserve better bosses that the one they got, I think they have what they deserved. Really bad movie, at times was entertaining but it was just to over the top and to exaggerated.
0439023521|1.0|I thought this book was HORRIBLE. It had a horrible plot and the reader could NEVER tell how much time was passing. Katniss has no sense of direction in the book, and does not know how to deal with ANYTHING. I don't recommend this book to anyone who likes a fast paced, suspenseful book. OVER AND OUT.
B004SH40BQ|3.0|This is a great enhancement to my iPod Nano, but I can only get about 4-hrs of battery life.  Not very good for all day at work, just a two workout at the gym is all you'll get.
B005I6EVUG|5.0|Item arrived in good condition and was more than expected. High quality and feel it will protect the Kindle very well.
B0058VW36U|3.0|The game is great but it has since been updated with new levels on the Android Market.  Here you don't get the new levels yet.
B003L77TZI|5.0|The CD is really fun to listen to and sing along and dance with. I listen to it in the shower and when doing my makeup and it gets you in an upbeat mood. I started laughing when I heard the song Peacock, it is freaking hilarious. You will love the mix and variety of songs. Very fun!
B005HI4LMS|5.0|TUCKER & DALE VS. EVIL is the most refreshingly original horror/comedy in years.  Tyler Labine and Alan Turdyk as the titular heroes are just superb as the two \\"good ole boys\\" who are mistaken as redneck killers by a group of vacationing college students.<br />Usually the students do stupid things and get bumped off by the maniacal killer.  In this film, however, the students are just really dumb and \\"off\\" themselves in hilarious fashion.  The chainsaw/hornets nest and the woodchipping sequences are priceless, but all the \\"kills\\" are creative genius.  Katrina Bowden as the heroine Allison plays perfectly with Labine and Turdyk, and the whole cast is great, especially Jesse Moss as Chad, the real nutcase.  Writer/director Eli Craig is to be commended for his debut effort.<br />The film is quite entertaining and welcomely original in a tired genre.  This is one movie I could see earning a sequel--if it's as good as this one.
B005HWUCMC|5.0|I love listening to music when I take a shower/bath and this is my new favorite CD to listen to. Rihanna has a beautiful voice and the music on the CD is diverse. There are some nice softer songs and some dance and songs to sing to which I love because I like to listen to a variety of music types. I really like the California King Bed and the 2nd Love the Way you lie.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|A superb group of actresses elevates this gentle, touching and ofttimes humorous exploration of friendship and loyalty in a prejudiced 60s Mississippi.<br />Though ponderous at times, you can't help getting involved thanks to the marvelous acting ensemble:  Viola Davis as the strong Aibileen; Emma Stone as the determined Skeeter; Octavia Spencer as feisty Minny; Bryce Dallas Howard as the coldhearted Hilly; Jessica Chastain's tragic Celia; Allison Janney as Stone's iron-willed mother; Cicely Tyson's brief appearance as Stone's former maid; and Sissy Spacek's turn as Chastain's dotty grandma.<br />THE HELP is beautifully filmed capturing the period extremely well.  The closing song THE LIVING PROOF performed by Mary J. Blige is a definite Oscar contender.<br />A surprise box-office smash, THE HELP should be a big contender for this year's Oscars.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B003X5UFWW|5.0|This is a great movie. Beautifully made, fantastic martial art and a very interesting storyline (based on real life and historic events).
B005V1WZ10|5.0|I just downloaded the album here from Amazon and I have to tell you that it sounds great. It incorporates a little bit of electronica and industrial. Sounds like Orgy meets NIN. They definitely have other material that is better than this, but it's well worth buying.
0312370830|5.0|This is an incredible story of a woman who learns a shocking story about the apartment of her husbands family. You will not be disappointed.
B005K17RU0|5.0|This app works fine on my Kindle Fire.  Nice look and easy to navigate.  Shows all the pertinent details like Multi day forecast and hourly temps.
0811866351|5.0|It is a hell of a book, :) it really inspires me and it help me a lot to improve my work
B0063IH60K|5.0|Fun to play when bored.  Great time waster.  A little simple on graphics, but passable.  Better than most iPhone apps.
0811875555|5.0|I personally love this movie, and reading this book was an awesome book to see the movie from other perspective. The perpective of the work and effort that  was put on the movie.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|It's not often that a single movie can pull out every emotion the human body can produce in one viewing. This was accomplished by watching The Help.  I wasn't sure what to expect outside of the fact that it was full of top-notch actresses. I am willing to go out on a limb and say this was the best movie I've seen in 2011 based on how it connected emotionally.  You will hate Bryce Dallas Howard's character, Hilly, as her racist venom stays just beneath the surface. Your heart will break while watching a little girl and her pathetic excuse for a mother who has no idea that a girl needs to feel special and loved.  The ladies who make up \\"the help\\" don't come across as the stereotype nor a caricature that insults.  This isn't emotion manipulation either. These ladies simply know how to act and create an authentic experience from the days of the growing unrest in the South during the 60s.  Skeeter(Emma Stone) has returned to her home after graduating with a degree for writing and getting a job with a paper. She wants to write a book from the maid's point of view, (\\"How does it feel to raise a white woman's baby when your own child has to be on its own?\\")  This is a movie everyone has to watch. You will laugh till you cry, and probably cry till you're exhausted. But you will finish this movie in awe.
B005974CNA|5.0|I would consider DT's new album, A Dramatic Turn of Events to be an instant classic and just as impressive as any of thier other offerings.  Despite this being my first review to share on Amazon of any product, I am usually careful as to what I say when voicing my opinion on bands because, everyone has different tastes.  Furthermore, I still consider myself a \\"new fan\\" of Dream Theater as well as the metal/prog. metal genres out there.  This is because I was not officially introduced to this genre until a few short years ago.  However, since then, my album collection has grown substantially, thanks to bands like Dream Theater.   Ok, enough of the history lesson.  Back to the album at hand, DT, A Dramatic Turn of Events.  I feel it is an album that captures all the adjectives you can use to describe DT.  The result, one powerful album.  It is hard to question or doubt these guys, with or without departured drummer Portnoy.  Until ADTOE, I could not tell you my favorite album by these guys.  They all offer something different that resignates in my brain, via my listening ears.  It is their overall sound that has made them to be what I would consider an amazing, and quite possibly, my personal favorite band.  And I would go on to say that this project will go down as my favorite of DT.  Long time fans that have heard them play songs like \\"Pull Me Under\\" a half a dozen times may disagree.  But DT is still making their mark in a very big way.  They continue to have a stronghold in this genre of music by maintaining their consistency, and churning out such refreshing work.
B004097IKW|2.0|JDF is the saving grace in this production as far as I am concerned. I found myself frustrated at the complete lack of movement for one thing - singers constantly rooted to the spot individually or in lines.  The lighting was also dreadfully dull.  In short, there was little visually appealing in this production.  Its not one I will put on again too often - as one earlier reviewer advised ... go back to the CD collection and enjoy some fine singing without the frustrating and uninspiring visual impact.
B0055SWM08|5.0|This is probably one of the better puzzle vanes I've found on the kindle so far. It's your basic 'break free ' game but done very well.
B005MYEQ9U|5.0|This opera is sensational in every respect. First of all, the story is gripping - huge tension and drama constantly.  Secondly,  the music is glorious.  Finally, the singing is superb - from everyone.  Netrebko is thrilling with her fabulous singing - oh, those top notes! - and acting.  Garanca is a close second - she is a real match for the virtuosity of Netrebko and earns well deserved rounds of applause at the end for her performance.  I thoroughly recommend this DVD to anyone who, like me, missed the Met HD performance but would like to see Netrebko in the role. You will not be disappointed.  I only wish this opera was performed more regularly by the major Houses.
0596007124|5.0|This book is highly recommended for lern about design patterns, this book explain the conceps really easy to undestand and show the power of each pattern.
0811879542|5.0|Whoa! Who would have thought that the adults would enjoy this book as much as the child? This book is wonderful for children of all ages.<br /><br />I bought this book for my two year old granddaughter. It looks like a rather simple, plain book until you open it up and start reading. It is so interactive that mommy, daddy, grandma and Violet were laughing with joy. Shaking the book, wondering where the dots would go and what color would appear. First on the left, than on the right, now in yellow, now in blue. Turn it upside down and now one dot and then many- like balloons! There are so many versions of this one yellow dot and so much fun for all.<br /><br />Herv Tullet has created a masterpiece in a book with dots, who would have thought?  No need for any electronic games, pop-ups, jsut the imagination of the child and the reader. I can see how much fun this would be in group of children. But, one child is all you need, and really, we are all children at heart. Just 'Press Here'!<br /><br />Highly Recommmended.  prisrob 12-10-11<br /><br />[[ASIN:0811879542 Press Here]]
B001UV4XHY|5.0|i liked this movie because it was the best out of all the others, it gave me the same feeling it got when star wars came out.
B004RJMUJO|4.0|Great game, very addicting. My only problem with it is that, on my tablet, my palm constantly brushes against the pause button in the middle of the game (I'm a lefty). I have to hold my hand at an awkward angle and it gets tired very quickly. If it weren't for this usability issue, I'd give it 5 stars.
1599218011|5.0|This is the only review I've ever been compelled to make. I'm not exaggerating when I say that this book changed my life forever. I read it 4 months ago and since then I've gone vegetarian, devoted my yard to growing organic vegetables, I juice regularly, meditate, and generally find myself moving toward a cleaner more conscious way of life. I've read various books on all of the above, but Kris Carr has compiled the PERFECT roadmap for a healthier, cleaner life with this book. I love her forever for what she's done for me and my family! ( my mom and husband also went vegetarian) this book is amazing. Seriously. Buy it, you'll be so happy you did.
B0062P332Y|3.0|Within two weeks of September 2011 we had as many remakes of Peckinpah's weakest era of movies - \\"Straw Dogs\\" and then \\"Killer Elite\\". At least this pretty much just takes the title and runs with it. It mixes in a bit of history from the late 70's and early 80's  (this movie takes place in 1980)  involving \\"The Feather Men\\" an organization within the British government that, using their \\"light touch\\" on geopolitics, were involved in the killing of a shiek's sons in Oman. In this version Jason Statham is a mercenary hired by a dying shiek to kill the British SAS guys who killed his sons. This way the family honor will be returned and his one living son can take his place in the hierarchy and the British government will ultimately reap the political and economic rewards for helping to bring all this about. He accomplishes these tasks but now, Clive Owen, playing the SAS guy employed by \\"Feather Men\\", wants to get back at Statham's character for killing three of his SAS guys. The movie's a pretty good mix of more believable \\"spy stuff\\" and action that's still pretty hyper-stylized. I kept thinking about movies like \\"The Wild Geese\\" and \\"Dogs of War\\" which came out about the same time this movie takes place and it struck me how this IS kind of like those movies but with the hand-held camera \\"this is happening right now\\" Jason Bourne type action, from this current era. All in all I don't come away with an overall strong impression of what makes this movie stand out from the other action movies this year. \\"Hanna\\" was sort of an \\"art action movie\\" and \\"Colombiana\\" was a slicked-up, modern grindhouse movie. This has some great sequences like Statham fighting off two guys while cuffed to a chair, but this mix of Bourne era movie action and post-Watergate/pre Iran Contra conspiracy stuff ultimately just all blurs together. The parts are greater than the whole. Still though as remakes of 70's Peckinpah go, this one could be seen, as the more elite compared to it's original, but then even that wasn't quite at the top its form.t then even that wasn't quite at the top its form.
B005AUWY90|4.0|We have seen this movie at theater already. But my son still very enjoy this one and watch several times even with his friends at home.
B0053YGYO4|5.0|all good, exellent product, punctual shipping, everything were ok! Thanks amazon!Sorry for my poor english, I hope you can understand me!
B005K17RU0|5.0|This is a great weather app! It is compact, yet it has everything you need---forecast, radar, etc.  It runs great on our Kindle Fire.  I have been very pleased, and I recommend this app without hesitation.
B000ZOXDFA|5.0|A peek into a woman and her fears and her jealousy from the absence of love and the comfort of a mans touch. As a Queen faithful to her marriage vow to her country remains true. Tested by loneliness, betrail and war contiues with courage and strength as she demonstrates her devotion to the people of England as their protectorate mother. The childless and unwed Queen excelentaly portayed by Blanchet's  second role as The Virgin Queen. She is a protestant and resistant of the European contining religious warfare sorrowfully must adhere to the laws of her country in the execution of Mary Stuart Queen of Scot's(her blood cousin)by her faith. Regardless of the pain and matters of the heart, refuses to be dominated by foriegn laws or faiths, holds fast to her own faith in God. A great example how even having the greater advantage can work against you as with the spanish attempt was unsuccessful. I highly received great pleasure and definatly reccommend the this veiwing without exceptions of the two of Elisabeth's of this series.  (as a college student: I give a thubs up for  the acount of this nonfiction lesson in History on a personal level)
B005URRCUY|5.0|I'm not a wordsmith when it comes to reviews but I became a Black Keys fan on \\"Brothers\\" and love the older stuff too. This album is just as good as \\"Brothers\\" to me. Different sound for sure, rockier, but it takes a great band to be able to continue to do new things and the Black Keys have put together a great album here. Love it.
B000U0F7RG|5.0|This really is every episode of the gilmore girls ever! Its got a great case and it's well structured and the bonus features are pretty great as well.
B004LROMSO|4.0|The story of King Arthur has been told many times in many different ways. For some, it gets tiresome. For me, as long as the rendition is good, I'll keep watching. Camelot is the STARZ network's shot at this epic tale. Be warned, I am no historian and I watched this purely for entertainment, not to relate it to medieval history. If you are a history buff, there are a couple other reviews posted where you can get a better look.<br /><br />Arthur and Morgan (Morgana) are brother and sister but Arthur isn't aware. He is kind of a player and lives quite care free. In the mean time, Morgan returns \\"home\\" to castle Pendragon after being sent away to live with the nuns. No surprise, Uther meets his end. Morgan is ready to be the top dog in the Pedragon clan until Merlin shows up with Arthur. Now the two become rivalries.<br /><br />We see the characters that we've come to know from other tales, with some differences, almost like alternative universes. Arthur is really like a lost boy forced to come into his own. Morgan is just off her rocker. Merlin has an interesting history and the story of the Lady of the Lake is a bit of a twist. I'm not going to give away any more than that.<br /><br />Being from the STARZ network, there are some scenes of graphic violence as well as graphic sex scenes (although not to the level of Spartacus). If you like other stories of Camelot and are in this for pure entertainment, give it a shot. If you're a historian, this will probably just annoy you.
1419702238|5.0|This was one of my all time faves of this series.  Gave it my grandkids when I was done and they loved it too!
B005H9B2CE|4.0|This movie was very good, and much better than I expected.  Great story that was well developed and sequenced.  The special effects and visuals were excellent like the rainbow bridge.  I recommend it.
8862937148|5.0|Well, not really, but after using Day-Timer for over 20 years, it's hard to compare. I think this is my 5th year using this style - I'm used to it and it works for me now. Plus, you can't beat the price - about 25% the cost of re-filling my Day-Timer. The other big plus for me is always having the previous months info with me all year. I often refer back to notes I've made on the right page of each week. I haven't had any of the problems with mine that others have said they've experienced. Several years ago a couple of my Moleskine's fell apart in the binding area and the paper pocket in the back, but over the last 3 years, this model has held up for me just fine. I bought my Mom and wife one to use for 2012 - both previous Day-Timer users like me - we'll see how they like them this year. Cheers!
0307891402|5.0|Exactly what my son was looking for.  It helps him get through the game. He loves this book. If you play this game I would recommend this book.
B004UID2LC|5.0|This app works great on my Amazon Kindle Fire! No problem what so ever. And I specifically use it to get free music. With this app watch videos in HD quality, download videos in video format, mp3, or acc format! Easy to use, usefully, and free!
B000KE1P7S|5.0|Absolute perfection. This is the purest rendition of Jane Eyre ever filmed. Streaming version includes over an hour of footage that was cut when released on VHS in the US. The additional footage really enhances the story and it is a real treat if you've watched this a hundred times and thought you'd seen it all. Clarke and Dalton give the best performances of their careers. This is a BBC mini-series filmed in 1983, so production values are very low by modern standards, however, any concerns about production values will be dwarfed by the richly crafted script, integrity of the casting, consummate acting, and superb direction. This is Bronte's vision of Jane Eyre incomparably realized and finally fully available in the US.
B000002J1U|5.0|Why?  It's because it's not mainstream Zeppelin.  It's not what everyone is used to hearing.  It dares to be different.  This album won't appeal much to all the sheep out there in society who expect everything to sound the same from any given artist.  Robert Plant, when speaking about Led Zeppelin III, says, \\"I think it was one of our finest moments.\\"  Myself, I like this 1970 album.  It's probably my second favorite behind Physical Graffiti (1975).  It's mostly an acoustic album, but this album seems to be all over the place, if you will.  What I mean by that is that there's a mixture of different styles of music.  There are folk and bluesy songs, hard rock, soft rock, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, etc.  From the weirdness of Hats Off To (Roy) Harper to the acoustic precision of That's The Way, to the awesome vocal performance on Since I've Been Loving You, this album will satisfy your need for something different.<br /><br />So for all people who have an open mind and think for themselves instead of what the critics say, this album comes highly recommended!
B005D9MUWY|5.0|Would be the best keyboard out there if it had keys to easily move around the txt and make corrections instead of trying to hit between letters with a fat finger on a screen like Thumbs has.
B005LCECU6|4.0|Nearly 37 years prior to the recording of their latest Cleveland performance during the 2011 Time Machine Tour, this CD showcases Rush during their first Cleveland recording.  Neil Peart had been with the band exactly 4 weeks at the time of this recording.  His father had barely enough time to take his picture off the wall at the International Harvester store where his son had until recently sold tractor parts full time.  Here we see Lee, Peart, and Lifeson performing what was essentially was Rutsey's material.  The three 1975 tracks at the end of this CD are the only Peart penned pieces of this CD.  The drum solo at the end of Working Man gives us a mere taste of things to come.  From an audiophile standpoint, this is hardly Rush at their best.  It is evident that this is not an \\"official\\" Rush release.  There is no post-production mixing.  Feedback and an annoying \\"hum\\" from an apparant ground loop is evident in many of the tracks.  Howver, despite it's technical shortcomings I really like this CD for it's historical value.  Unfortunately, the \\"Bonus\\" 1975 tracks represented here are really subpar and really don't offer anything that hasn't been much better done on their first two official live albums \\"All The Worlds A Stage\\" and \\"Exit Stage Left\\".  I only include them in the review because they are there.  They are not a part of the original Cleveland performance and actually are more of a distraction than an addition.  I am debating on whether or not they will even make it to my I-Pod.  The gems of this album are clearly their previously and still \\"officially\\" unreleased tracks.  This album is literally dripping with unreleased material.  At least 6 of the 12 tracks represented in this setlist are previously unrecorded live performances.  I have always preferred Live CD's that are \\"historical\\" in nature, in that the setlist is an actual recording of a given night.  And while this one is definitely the rawest one in terms of both production values and content, itis also one of their best.
B004FOA84A|3.0|This game was ok. It sort of falls into the Myst category of games. But it's really REALLY short. It's so short, it's almost like a preview of the full version. Plus, the ending is so lame.... Yeah, this game was a big letdown.
B002VPE1XY|5.0|Ummm .... there's nothing like leather, and my camera actually sighed when I slipped her into it.  That - or I left something on and I'll discover it next time I'm shooting something!
1592400876|4.0|If someone would have told me that this book was written about British English rather than American English, I probably would not have purchased it. I am so glad no one told me. This was a delightful book about punctuation--yes, sounds oxymoronic, but it is true--and its importance in our ability to communicate and express ourselves accurately. The author also does a great job of explaining how punctuation is done differently in America. I found it to be a great review, but I also learned some things.<br /><br />If you are concerned about the current state of grammar and punctuation in the English language, this book is for you.<br /><br />If you cringe every time you see \\"your welcome,\\" this book is for you.<br /><br />If you laugh uncontrollably as you pass by signs with misplaced or omitted apostrophes, this book is for you.<br /><br />If you want to improve your writing skills, this book is for you.<br /><br />I also enjoyed this book, because it made me feel that I am not alone. Punctuation is important. For instance, there is a difference between \\"Let's eat Grandma!\\" and \\"Let's eat, Grandma!\\"<br /><br />Sticklers unite! Read this book. Your grandma will thank you.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I have 4 locations saved and all sites come up quickly. appears that he forecast appears to be more accurate than other weather sites  recommend getting this app
B004EPYZUI|3.0|I really like Watchmen, the style in particular, so I thought Sucker Punch was worth a try.  I waited until it got cheap on Amazon-- good thing.<br /><br />Just watched Sucker Punch for the first time. It had its moments & I don't regret spending the 2+ hours for the extended cut, but trailer was more enjoyable and more exciting. Watching the movie makes me want to hear Panic Switch. In addition to Panic Switch, the trailer had Led Zeppelin When The Levee Breaks. Wow! Why weren't they in the film? Instead I get to hear Bjork?  Ugh.<br /><br />I went in with low-ish expectations, and found some scenes and quotes I really liked.  But I understand why the critics hated this.
B005ERX1Z0|5.0|I must admit that my expectations were not too high on purchasing this Blu-ray, but I'm glad I was wrong. The movie itself needs no real explanation, tons of stars (a little too much Burt Reynolds for my taste, though), fighting (Jackie Chan's first Hollywood movie) and fast cars add up to some great entertainment.  Picture quality is very good considering the price and the disc even manages to squeeze in a commentary. The highlight has to be the out-takes displayed during the credits, so funny!<br />If you want a movie that doesn't require too many brain cells, this is the one for you. Just plain fun
B004WGGQPQ|1.0|stupid thing got all the way to my phone and never loaded. Awsome now it just sits in limbo. can't play with it can't delete it.
B003O86FMW|4.0|Good lord, this series needs to slow down! Too many people die. Too many tangled plot threads, too much angst. Its too much like a drugged up twilight. With, I swear, more angst. Suzy Collins really need to focus on one of the two things.<br />Is Katniss in love, or is she killing people?
B0000017CA|5.0|A death metal rock band from the 90's...and one of my favs - Acid Bath! I'd love to see a reunion tour of the band these days - what a show to catch!
1594744769|3.0|Ransom Riggs' novel Miss Peregrine's Home For Peculiar Children must be considered on two levels: (1) as an artistic challenge, to spin a story around a collection of found photographs, and (2) as a novel in its own right. On the first level, I'd have to say it's a decent achievement. Riggs does weave a story around the photographs, almost all of which are found photos from various collections, that almost - _almost_ - has you believing it. But it is on the second level, as a novel, that it ultimately disappoints.  For the first hundred or so pages, it's truly engaging, but after that it seems to dissolve into the disappointingly familiar, failing to live up to the fairly high expections the first part leaves you with. It is, in the end, a book that could have been brilliant but instead settles for ordinary. Which, considering the title and principal characters - peculiar children - seems at odds with its own themes.<br /><br />Jacob Portman is a sixteen year old boy whose life is dull and completely lacking in the extraordinary until his grandfather Abe suddenly dies under mysterious circumstances. As Jacob tries to understand what happened to his grandfather, he finds himself digging into Abe's past, starting with the stories Abe told him as a child and a set of strange photographs that almost certainly were fakes. Ultimately Jacob's digging leads him to an island off the British coast in search of an orphanage where his grandfather lived for a time as a boy. What he finds there turns his world upside down.<br /><br />As a writer, Riggs' style is quite engaging and he quickly draws the reader into Jacob's world from the opening paragraph:<br /><br />\\"I had just come to accept that my life would be ordinary when extraordinary things began to happen.  The first of these came as a terrible shock and, like anything that changes you forever, split my life into halves: Before and After. Like many of the extraordinary things to come, it involved my grandfather, Abraham Portman.\\"<br /><br />Riggs is also good at filling in the details of Jacob's world. He starts by subtly developing the relationships - between Jacob and his grandfather, between Jacob and his parents, between his father and his mother's family, his father and his grandfather - creating in depth and complexity a believable familial web. He is also good at filling in the various settings Jacob's story takes him through, making them both visual and atmospheric, as when he first explores the Welsh orphanage his grandfather told him so many stories about:<br /><br />\\"Standing in a tomb-dark hallway just inside the door, I stared frozenly at what looked for all the world like skins hanging from hooks. After a queasy moment in which I imagined some twisted cannibal leaping from the shadows with knife in hand, I realized they were only coats rotted to rags and green with age. I shuddered involuntarily and took a deep breath. I'd only explored ten feet of the house and was already about to foul my underwear. Keep it together, I told myself, and then slowly moved forward, heart hammering in my chest.<br />--Each room was a disaster more incredible than the last. Newspapers gathered in drifts. Scattered toys, evidence of children long gone, lay skinned in dust. Creeping mold had turned window-adjacent walls black and furry. Fireplaces were throttled with vines that had descended from the roof and begun to spread across the floor like alien tentacles. The kitchen was a science experiment gone terribly wrong -- entire shelves of jarred food had exploded from sixty seasons of freezing and thawing, splattering the wall with evil-looking stains -- and fallen plaster lay so thickly over the dining room floor that for a moment I thought it had snowed indoors. At the end of a light-starved corridor I tested my weight on a rickety staircase, my boots leaving fresh tracks in layers of dust. The steps groaned as if woken from a long sleep. If anyone was upstairs, they'd been there a verylong time.<br />--Finally I came upon a pair of rooms missing entire walls, into which a little forest of underbrush and stunted trees had grown. I stood in the sudden breeze wondering what could possibly have done that kind of damage, and began to get the feeling that something terrible had happened here. I couldn't square my grandfather's idyllic stories with this nightmare house, nor the idea that he'd found refuge here with the sense of disaster that pervaded it. There was more left to explore, but suddenly it seemed like a waste of time; it was impossible that anyone could still be living here, even the most misanthropic recluse. I left the house feeling like I was further than ever from the truth.\\"<br /><br />For the first hundred pages or so, Riggs does weave an intruiging tale, built around the photos lavishly interspersed throughout the novel. But once Jacob finds what his grandfather meant for him to find, the novel unfortunately descends into familiar territory, a sub-genre of scifi/fantasy that's been well mined over the years - children with special powers and gifts that have to hide themselves from the rest of the world - going back at the very least to John Wyndham's 1955 novel The Chrysalids and Zenna Henderson's 1961 novel Pilgrimage: The Book of the People, with elements of James Barrie's 1904 classic Peter Pan (children who never grow up) and James Hilton's 1933 classic Lost Horizon (what happens to people who leave their special sanctuary) thrown in for good measure. Riggs' novel is good for what it is, but in the end it is something that we've seen before. And worse then the familiarity is the predictability. For the last two-thirds of the novel, neither Jacob nor any of the other characters do anything which the reader can't see coming a mile off. All of which is disappointing because one gets the feeling from its strong and unique beginnings that it could have - and should have - been extraordinary.<br /><br />Recommended as an experimental work for other writers to consider trying, and as a decent enough novel if you can overlook the high expectations it builds and accept it as merely a slightly different working of familiar themes and ideas we've seen done countless times before.ing entire walls, into which a little forest of underbrush and stunted trees had grown. I stood in the sudden breeze wondering what could possibly have done that kind of damage, and began to get the feeling that something terrible had happened here. I couldn't square my grandfather's idyllic stories with this nightmare house, nor the idea that he'd found refuge here with the sense of disaster that pervaded it. There was more left to explore, but suddenly it seemed like a waste of time; it was impossible that anyone could still be living here, even the most misanthropic recluse. I left the house feeling like I was further than ever from the truth.\\"  For the first hundred pages or so, Riggs does weave an intruiging tale, built around the photos lavishly interspersed throughout the novel. But once Jacob finds what his grandfather meant for him to find, the novel unfortunately descends into familiar territory, a sub-genre of scifi/fantasy that's been well mined over the years - children with special powers and gifts that have to hide themselves from the rest of the world - going back at the very least to John Wyndham's 1955 novel The Chrysalids and Zenna Henderson's 1961 novel Pilgrimage: The Book of the People, with elements of James Barrie's 1904 classic Peter Pan (children who never grow up) and James Hilton's 1933 classic Lost Horizon (what happens to people who leave their special sanctuary) thrown in for good measure. Riggs' novel is good for what it is, but in the end it is something that we've seen before. And worse then the familiarity is the predictability. For the last two-thirds of the novel, neither Jacob nor any of the other characters do anything which the reader can't see coming a mile off. All of which is disappointing because one gets the feeling from its strong and unique beginnings that it could have - and should have - been extraordinary.  Recommended as an experimental work for other writers to consider trying, and as a decent enough novel if you can overlook the high expectations it builds and accept it as merely a slightly different working of familiar themes and ideas we've seen done countless times before.
B0064X7FVE|5.0|Local weather and forecasts, but also has tabs for video and other things. Most weather widgets disagree on local weather, but this has been pretty good compared to the awful Wii weather utility. I can get more detailed information on my browser, but I don't generally bother.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I like it a lot. the only down side is that it spent refresh as often as it should. at times it is telling me the weather from over sn hour ago.
B004SD5GZ4|5.0|I never liked Adobe. It was always updating, getting into my Boot/startup and generally invasive and annoying. Then I started reading books with it. My Pandigital Novel didn't display some EPUBS well but it was very friendly to PDF. I converted my library to PDF and was pleased that the Kindle Fire had native PDF capability. What it did NOT allow was any file structure in the DOCS tab. I was NOT going to put a few hundred books in the Fire and not have them in subfolders. This app doesn't DO all that much compared to more elegant viewers, all I want is a PDF utility that can enlarge fonts and turn pages. You can select scroll or page view, no night time option, but I don't really use that anyway. I can also use my Easy Filer to get at my file tree and open the Adobe Reader from there. I really love the Kindle Fire, but I thought there could have been better interface, a decent file manager and the ability to access sub folders.
B004I8WD7S|5.0|The case fits my iPhone 4s perfectly. The openings are a little larger then on most cases so I can use accessories without having to remove the case. The material is just the right texture to balance between protecting the phone yet not sticking in my pocket. The screen protector was the real surprise. It went on very easy and is hardly noticeable. Amazon put together a great little product especially for the price
B004T6IBNY|5.0|I've been a pinball fan for years. I was really sad when my 4 MASSIVE pinball games became unplayable on my newer operating systems. The ball physics are quite good and the tables not overly complex, since I AM playing on a small screen. I got the free app and bought the full version a few days later. My wife doesn't like the noise when I play it in bed, but that's what the volume control is for. Very nice when you're stuck in a waiting room or just killing time.
1451648537|5.0|This covered Job's from every angle and was completely unbiased.  Steve Job's was definitely one of a kind and a PIONEER.  He set out to achieve perfection and \\"change the world\\", and he did it! His methods ran the gamut from BRUTAL, imature and Bipolar, but he brought unique products to the market, over and over again.  This is a MUST READ BOOK!!
B004EBZX6W|5.0|It's Free ? Hard to believe. This has such an elegant display it's fun to just LOOK at. I checked the WiFi at my workplace and was ASTOUNDED.  Way cool and a not just for the tech minded. I don't even want to TRY another analyzer, this is the one. Just swipe the display on the Kindle Fire to change views.
B001HN6922|5.0|This DVD was a birthday gift for my 6 year old grandson.  He was thrilled with it.  Has watched it several times.
B004I1AGTM|5.0|On my opinion this is one of the best martial arts movie.Good action and story line.It is always best to have a martial arts movie that show a specific school of martial arts,in this case Wing Chun which a branch of the southern shaolin martial arts.Donnie Yen acting is impressive too.So watch or just own this DVD and see for yourself .
B004UXUX7S|5.0|the Descendants is just a fantastic movie about family relationships. I enjoyed the independence of the teenage daughter.  I thought the family really came alive and the father #finally got it# by the end of the movie.  GThe scenery was beautiful.  The ocean was such a beautiful  color.  The greenery was so lush, just like Hawaii.
B001AQO446|5.0|I love The Blues Brother since I sow the movie for the first time. And I will love them for my rest of my life!!
B000VE439Y|5.0|I only had to wait 10 days for this DVD to be delivered from the USA and it was delivered in perfect condition.  I hadn't watched the film for a few years and found it is as funny as ever maybe even funnier my 12 tear old son got a copy as well and I hear him quoting parts of it.
B005NKIQ26|5.0|My daughter likes it very much and she loves Justin Bieber. Merry Christmas for everybody and a Happy New Year ho ho ho
B0000CEB4V|5.0|This a very moving concert tribute and I enjoyed it immensely. Recommend it to everyone who loved George. Product arrived in a timely fashion and in excellent condition.
B0054TKBBA|5.0|I have Netflix and this was recommanded to me, loved the show. Great new actors and story line, it's totally different from the original movie. Reminds me of Supernatural with a werewolf twist to the story. I also love this show so far that there's no vampires in it. I'm tired of all the vampire shows that are coming out. I'll take a werewolf show anyday.   Can't wait to see season 2.
B001UV4XJ2|2.0|I own the previous 7 movies on bluray, so I have something to compare with.  The image jumped at least 5 times  while I was watching the movie.   I can not download my digital copy because I live outside the USA, if I knew, I would have bouhgt the bluray only set. There should have been a caveat.
6304806426|3.0|It's most surprising that so many of the reviewers who dislike \\"The English Patient\\" object to it largely because of the adulterous relationship between the characters played by Fiennes and Scott Thomas, as if the subject itself should be taboo.  Do they not realise that adultery and romantic triangles that turn out badly have been among the most prominent subjects of world literature since literature began?  They can go all the way back to Herodotus (ca.484-425 B.C.) as both Binoche and Scott Thomas do in the film; they will find those subjects over and over again. Where would most of the classics in literature, theater, opera and film be without them? If there is any blame to be placed on that score, it should go to Ondaatje, who wrote the book, not the people who made the movie.  The problems with the movie aren't the burden of any such silly moralistic baggage: it's just too long, too chopped up, too soapy and too pretentious.  The three stars are for Scott Thomas's delightful charm in her early scenes.  Can't really blame the guy for falling for her.
B004XGN8W4|4.0|I was looking for a solid travel carrier and this seemed to have all that I was looking for. It has the nice hard case and carries the 15\\" monitor and console very nicely. The side bags carry the cables and eye comfortably. If I want to get picky, I would suggest some sort of angle/back support for the monitor when opened and being played. Two, it really needs a strap. I jury-rigged another strap to fit, but the strap holders were pretty tiny, so I struggled fitting a strap. Three, it would be nice to be able to store your discs with the carrier. Four, the most serious problem was the short hdmi cable connecting console and monitor. It bent out of shape and rendered useless the first day. But like I said, it was pretty much what I was looking for, because I do carry it everyday in my travels. I recommend it at this point.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|i love this game.  i was worried it would not work on my coby kyros but it does.  i bought the add free one because i heard it played better.  it only froze up once.  its the best
1610452607|5.0|This review first appeared on my blog, Jacob's Caf (jacobscafe.blogspot.com).  I haven't read any of Charles Dickens' original writings since probably middle school. At that point, I know I never really appreciated the beauty of his work and words. I recently listened to christianaudio's version of A Christmas Carol, which is one of their best audiobooks yet. Simon Vance's narration was excellent, with an engaging dramatization.  At a recent Bible study, someone brought up how A Christmas Carol was particularly a message about caring for our neighbors. While most of us have heard the story many times, hearing Dickens' original words really sent the message about the power and importance of loving our neighbor. While God was never explicitly mentioned, the Gospel is written all over this classic.  While it is a short book that can be easily found for free, christian audio is also offering it for free for this month!  Disclosure of Material Connection: I received this book free from the publisher. I was not required to write a positive review. The opinions I have expressed are my own. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission's 16 CFR, Part 255: \\"Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.\\"
1849801800|4.0|This book is something that I would recommend to anyone who wants to learn about practical applications of mythology, leadership cross-culturally, or simply pick up some new, interesting management styles.  As someone with a major interest in folk tales, I always find it interesting when people can find ties between the stories people tell as a pastime to the modern world.  In this way, \\"Cultural Mythology\\" allowed me to see the gap between what is seen as \\"old world\\" and \\"new world\\" bridged through knowledge acquirement.  The nice thing about this book is that it doesn't merely focus on one section of the world, such as Europe; instead, it enables the reader to see many different cultures, which lets the reader not only get a much broader view of the world as well as leadership styles, but also allows them to compare and contrast across very different cultures. It also gives the reader a wide variety of ways that culture has inspired practicality: one sees superheroes, gods, epics, and even figures from history, all the while learning how their traits or ideals have passed down to the modern world to change it for the better.    It was fascinating to see how much mythology and belief systems have impacted people's daily lives, even today; one may believe the stories they heard as children to be `silly' or `ridiculous' and yet use techniques or styles from these stories and never know it.  The book allows people to perhaps learn about where their ideas for good leadership come from and how culture may or may not have influenced that.  I only wish this book had a bit more in it!  The authors did a great job of giving the reader a wide variety of countries, but some places, such as France and Italy, both ripe with mythology and ideal leaders, were left out.  I suppose there may have been a reason for this, but I'd really like to perhaps see a new version of this book where they do have some of the more prominent, missing cultures involved.  All in all, it was a reallyfascinating read and I was quite happy to have picked it up; I feel like I have learned more, both about the mythology I have studied as well as myself as a leader.
B00004YYDI|1.0|i loved this movie but was unable to play it on my older DVD player. i had to use my computer. it should have been indicated that there was this limitation.
1423140591|5.0|Books are the perfect gift for anyone. They send this item the day after I submit my order, I received this packagewithin a week. The books were new, no problems with it nothing bad to say about this purchase. Thanks
