0553565915|5.0|Being an openminded art student whose brother just passed suddenly, I was ready to look at the other side of life-with this book.  I was scared to face the reality of his death and yet wanted so much to get closer to his  spirit.  Her descriptions of death and conversations with the spirit world  only widened my imagination about the wonderfullness my brother must be  experiencing.  The book was truthfully real and simply read.  Betty J.  Eadie's story has inspired me to paint my feelings about my brother with  halos of light surrounding the figures heads.  I wanted to show the love I  was sure he was sending me through our spiritual connection.  Without a  doubt, I wouldn't have felt as comfortable expressing- nor would be able to  express as well, without reading her book. Thankyou Betty... For those of  you who have read this book (you'll know what I'm talking about), I think  this book is the reason she had to come back to earth....
B000002H70|5.0|From the opening chimes of plainsong to the closing chords of untitled, a brilliant work of textured, interlocking guitars and synth.  Just don't listen to it alone in a dark room.
B000001ELF|5.0|I LOVE THIS CD, I ACTULLY LOVED IT WHEN I HAD IT ON 8 TRACK TAPE IN THE 70'S.  THE SONGS ARE PURE ROCK AND THE GUITAR WORK IS FANTASTIC.  SOMETIMES SPACEY, BUT ALWAYS FUN.  ALTHOUGH PAUL STANLEY'S SOLO EFFORT ISN'T A TOTAL  LOSS, MOST OF THE MATERIAL THAT IT CONTAINS SOUNDS OUTDATED. WITH CHEESY  BALLADS AND LAME ATTEMPTS AT ROCK ANTHEMS.  IT HASN'T STOOD THE TEST OF  TIME THE WAY FREHLEY'S ALBUM DID.  GENE SIMMONS AND PETER CRISS SOULD HAVE  MADE AN EFFORT TO KEEP THEIR ALBUMNS OUT OF PRINT, BOTH ARE MISGUIDED,  BORING, AND VERY HARD TO LISTEN TO(ESPECIALLY PETER'S).  BESIDES FEELING  THAT THIS DISC IS BETTER THAN THE OTHER SOLO ALBUMNS, I THINK IT IS BETTER  THAN ANY OF THE KISS ALBUMNS THAT FOLLOWED IT, FROM DYNASTY TO PSYCHO  CIRCUS.   ACE'S VERSION OF &quot;NEW YORK GROOVE&quot; ALONE MAKES THIS  ALBUMN WORTH OWNING.   I JUST WANT TO SAY THAT I AM A HUGE KISS FAN AND  THIS REVIEW COMES STRAIGHT FROM THE HEART!
B0000029LG|5.0|&quot;Michael, there is no legal regime here...&quot;  They dont care about us, Stranger in Moscow and Little Suzie are the best songs on this album.  If you really want to appreciate Stranger in Moscow more, watch the  video.  Little Suzie didnt get enough press.  Hell, it didn't get any!  It  is easily the best song on the album.  We get to hear Michael at his best  and most enduring, and if you listen to the song on a good soundsystem, I  guarantee you'll cry. <br />I've had this album for over a year and I just now  learned that Scream is a good song.  See the video.<br />Oh yea, the 1st CD is  good.  Why isn't Smooth Criminal on it?
0812550706|5.0|I read this novel three years ago on the recommendation of my father. Since then I have reread it two times, and each time it was like discovering it all over again. Each time a new piece of the story would  come together for me, telling me more about the why's behind the actions of  the characters. If there is one fiction novel that I would recommend more  than any other, it's _Ender's Game_.
0671027344|3.0|About 30 pages into this book, I couldn't help but groan, &quot;Why do I keep picking up books like this??&quot;  But my reaction was premature.  Being patient brought me further into the story and I began to see where  Chbosky managed to be somewhat original while paying homage of sorts to  earlier, well-known, similarly themed writings.  All the same, there is not  that much new here.  This book is like a re-mix collection -- samples of  all the classics and a few more recent hits thrown together with a modern  beat.   A reader would be better off following the reading plan which the  character Charlie does.  Because, like all re-mix collections, its okay  sometimes...but the original tracks are better.  For me though, the major  problem with the story told by Chbosky comes near its completion.  Don't  worry!  I don't ruin endings for people!  However, let me comment that in  most troubled teen lives there is not one &quot;major&quot; problem on  which the feelings of being a misfit can be blamed.  In this tale however,  we are given a &quot;cause&quot; and once discovered, Charlie can then move  out of his role as misfit and into that currently glorified social role --  victim.  Due to this, the ending is a little too easy.  Teens and others do  not live in a world where one cause explains everything.  Their literary  counterparts shouldn't either!
1572522232|5.0|This movie is an amazing feat of music, directing, and atmosphere. Turn off the lights, sit back, and be scared out of your hair.
B000001ELD|1.0|I think that this album should have never been released. A little better than Criss' solo album, which is not saying much, Radioactive and See You Tonight are average at best while the rest is BAD!
B00000DLVA|4.0|I first bought the single, My Favourite Game, then thought I'd buy the album. Originally I just listened to it once and then put it away. But then I saw the video for Erase/Rewind and it hasn't left my cd player since.  Although most of the songs are not as zippy as Lovefool, Marvel  Hill,Erase/Rewind, and Hanging Around are great tunes.Put in your player as  background music, and you'll see.
B00000AF95|2.0|When Gene Simmons said that he did not like any albums after Lick it Up, there was a reason for it. Simmons was barely involved in this album and Mark St. John may have been the worst Guitar player in Kiss history just  because he never would have fit into the band.  Heaven's on Fire is a very  good song but I would be hard pressed to think of another song that is  good.
0553212478|5.0|this book is the best book I have ever read next to the bible.  So good I own somewhere around 10 copies of it and I read it often.  It is the greatest book written by anyone to ever write a story with passion and  terrror.
0380778556|5.0|Reading Rebecca was a class assignment that, at first, I did not think would be much fun.  I proved myself wrong in this case.  The ever-changing plot was wonderful.  The nameless narrator did a great job telling the  story from her point of view.  It made you feel as if you were at Manderley  with them.  I have read a lot of good books, but I would have to call this  one my very favorite.  I, personally, cannot wait to read the sequel, Mrs.  de Winter, by Susan Hill.  I would definetely recommend this classic novel  to readers of all ages.
0140346406|5.0|I am an Elementary school librarian and my fifth and fourth grade students loved this book. I read it outloud and it kept the interest of all my students.  Since reading the book, it has been in circulation and students  are eagerly waiting to get their chance to check it out.
B00000ADG2|4.0|i think in any kind of music her voice is so wonderful to listen to it wouldnt matter if the tunes were ugly or not.
0345409671|5.0|When I read this book, I was hoping that it would be just like the other 4 books in the Vampire Chronicles.  Nope, this book isn't like the other 4, in fact, Anne Rice takes Lestat down a different way than I thought that  she would.  I really love the Lestat character, and he's really  interesting...  I just hope that the &quot;Vampire Armand&quot; is better  than this one is, and any other Vampire Chronicles books that Anne Rice  produces in the future.
0385493800|5.0|After listening to the abriged audiobook version of The Testament, I was so moved by the story that I immediately read the full-length version and found it one of the most inspiring novels I have read in a long time. It's  no wonder that it became the #1 NY Times best-seller so quickly. As an avid  Grisham reader, I have always found him to be a master of suspense with  socially relevant themes. The Testament was a pleasant surprise with its  theme of spiritual recovery and redemption reminiscent of the best of  Graham Greene. I admire Grisham for his ability to write such a popular  best-seller without the gratuitous sex and foul language so prevalent in  other writers of this genre and for his skill in writing a book that is  both suspensful and inspirational.
B00000ADG2|5.0|This is one great Cd!!!  I am not a great fan of hip hop, but the songs really do sound better than any hip-hop I have heard.  YOU GO GIRL!!!
B000000W6R|5.0|If you like the Smashing Pumpkins (Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness, Adore) you'll definitely love this album.  This album was produced when the Smashing Pumpkins were fresh and angry.  Siamese Dream is perhaps the key  in the Smashing Pumpkins most recent success.
0385493800|2.0|I've read all the Grisham novels; I preordered this one because I've enjoyed everyone and had trouble putting them down.  This one was boring and I actually skimmed some parts to &quot;get on with it&quot;.  The  author didn't develop the characters well; the alcoholic was totally  non-believable. It seemed he was trying to fit too much into one book; I  would have loved to see more character development, especially of the  wealthy family...there was a gold mine there.  I won't rush out to buy his  next book...its back to paperback for Grisham with this reader!
0780623134|5.0|Who can possibly deny that this movie should have won an Oscar for best picture in 1994?  This is by far among the greatest masterpeices in the history of film.  From the beginning moments of Andy contemplating murder  in his car, to the final glorious reunion in Zawantaneo (is that right?),  this film moved me.  I experienced the gamut of emotions.  <br />The  characters were brilliant and alive, as well as the cinematography and  music.  The original score, similar to those done by John Williams (Star  Wars, Indiana Jones), added to the suspense and energy.<br />I must admit that  I am not a big Tim Robbins Fan, but his performance in this film was more  than sufficient, and Morgan Freeman blew me away as usual.  If you haven't  seen it yet, you don't know what you're missing!  Get it now!
B00000DLV1|5.0|You be the judge, however, the sounds of Portishead's latest surely do come close. When you first hear those strings on &quot;Humming&quot; and the sheer emotivness as the cellos' kick in paralyses you. The record plays  itself through and you only get up to hit &quot;repeat&quot;.   Again.     The recreation of the bands songs are excellent with all the pieces in the  right place, Only this time the jig-saw is much much bigger. To do any  justice to the album you should only listen to it through a high quality  stereo system, With a good sub woofer.
6305041156|5.0|This is the classic story of an aging Japanese lord who, with confidence, divides his land amongst his three sons.  As predicted by the youngest (and least favorite) son, things go awry and the sons, beset by greed and  confusion, declare war on each other.  The father, with nobody to turn to,  is saved by the most unlikely of people.  This is a masterpeice of cinema,  and is both visually and emotionally stimulating.  I saw this movie as a  child, and it was a great pleasure to finally capture it on DVD!
0395759242|5.0|I read this great book on the advice of a friend, and it opened up a scary, complicated and inspiring history of colonial-era Central Africa that I had never before appreciated.  Hochschild writes in a very engaging  style, alternating between well-researched accounts of ivory/rubber  extraction in the congo and biographical profiles of individuals who figure  prominently in these accounts.  I read through the book's 350+ pages in  about 2 1/2 days!   I would have liked to have read more about the  CONSUMPTION of ivory and rubber during the book's period of focus  (1860's-1910's), so as to compliment the author's tremendous work exploring  the extraction of these commodities in the Congo.  Also, some overview of  rubber manufacturing, and other aspects of this commodity (marketing, etc.)  would also have lent me a broader understanding of ivory and rubber  commodities.  Nonetheless, the author states openly at the book's outset  that he is focusing upon Leopold and his 'Congo Free State,' and he covers  this subject admirably.  A great read, a great recommendation.
1558801871|5.0|This is a masterpeice.  Bleek Gilliam is a talented musician and the leader of the Bleek Gilliam quartet, a famed jazz band in New York.  Bleek has a problem.  He has three loves in his life.  He is forced to choose  between his two worshipful lovers - Indigo and Clarke, and his true baby -  his music.  Further complicating his life are his lifelong freind and mooch  - Giant, and his bandmate, Shadow.  Giant is in and out of trouble, and  Shadow longs to move out of Bleeks shadow to form his own band.<br />This is a  visually stimulating film.  Spike Lee's uses of colors and lighting creates  a mood that is essentially Jazz.  The ambiente atmosphere of the film is  highlighted by outstanding music composed by Branford Marsalis.   <br />Mo-Better blues is an urban tale that will strike at the heart of all.   Those who are new to Spike Lee's brand of photography are in for a treat.   Also be sure to check out other Lee classics Do the Right Thing, Jungle  Fever, Crooklyn, and He Got Game.
B00000I3JD|5.0|This cd displays Lauryn Hill's intelligence and talent to make beautiful music. This cd has helped me through some hard times and it has given me new hope. I can liston to it a 100 times and I don't get bored. It's a good  balance between mellow songs(like Ex-factor) and upbeat ones (like Doo  Wop). Lauryn Hill has found the right ballance between appealing to a  persons mind and their emotions. Every song on this album could be released  as a single, in my opinion. I recommend this album to everybody.
B00000AF98|5.0|I don't care what anyone says, this CD rocks. After the mediocre albums 'Asylum' and 'Animalize' Kiss bounced back with this awesome CD and it's one of their best.  Die-hard Kiss fans hate the fact that Kiss had  abandoned their hard rock roots for hook-laden glam 80's rock but I love  it.  Every track is guaranteed to have your head bopping.  Pop it in the CD  player and crank it. It sure beats the crap out of the music made today.   Check it out!!
B000002C4C|4.0|The album is very good, but don't get it if you're hoping for more of Mariah's older stuff- this one's very different, it has much more of a rap feel to it, and 'Honey', 'The Roof', 'Breakdown' and 'Babydoll' are the  ones that show this most.'The Beautiful Ones' was a let down, but 'Whenever  You Call', 'Butterfly' and 'My All' prove that Mariah is still very much  the talented diva she always was.
0679720200|5.0|The book that inspired the debut single from seminal British band 'The Cure,' Albert Camus' 'The Stranger' is a great primer for anyone at all interested in the literary context of this controversial song.  The story  of Meursault is a harrowing one, highly intellectual and thought provoking.   A great introduction to Existentialism as well as an expansive literary  work, Camus' `The Stranger' will intrigue generations to come.  Highly  Recommended.
0136879721|2.0|This book was great at the start.  It promised to be really fascinating material, and there is some really eye opening information presented.  But to any one who has read the bible thoughtfully, Dr Murphy's interpretation  and presentation of scripture is erroneous.  I know that concrete results  are presented, but the conclusions - where the bible is concerned - are  more accurately termed as Dr Murphy's opinions.  <br />The subject of the  subconscious mind fascinates me, but I would rather get my facts from  another source.  I personally find the mixture of religions with facts a  little off putting.  For example, if the bible, which I am familiar with is  misquoted, what about the sources that I am not familiar with?
B000002KHY|5.0|James had a great career and this album sums it all up.  His simple songs were an influence in a troubled time.  Simply the best!
6305342776|5.0|I'VE WAITED SO LONG FOR THIS.  AND NOW IT'S TIME FOR ME TO GO OUT AND TAKE THE RESPECT AND PROMISE WHICH I'VE EARNED, WHICH ONE MAN REFUSES TO GIVE TO ME. THEY NEED TO RELEASE THE WONDERFUL SOUNDRACK ON CD ALSO.
B000002B7M|5.0|Put shortly, this is one of the best albums, ever. Maybe the best. Randy's guitar is awesome, and the Ozman's vocals are as good as ever. This album is much more than crazy train, though. although that song is excellent,  there are many worthy cuts on the album. Steal away the night is a great  song, and Revelation's vocals will haunt you. I don't rocks, and Mr.  Crowley is a little creepy, but excellent non the less. One can almost cry  at the heart-felt guitar and Dee, and many would, if it weren't for the  savage opening chords to suicide solution. Buy this now, and forever hold  your piece. RIP Randy Rhoads.
6304539258|5.0|In this movie, George Lucas picks up where Stanley Kubrick left off in Odyssey 2001. Dazzling special effects, combined with a somber story that could easily have been lifted from the pages of an Edgar Rice Burroughs  novel and great acting on the part of the characters, makes this a national  landmark. Many people criticize Lucas' refitting of the original trilogy  because he seems to be tampering with something best left alone. I  disagree. The addition of Jabba the Hutt and Luke's meeting with Biggs make  the later scenes--of Solo's imprisonment in Jabba's palace and Biggs' death  during the offensive on the Death Star--have more of a three-dimensional  feel to them. (I wish they hadn't taken the Wolfman out of the cantina  though. He was my favorite character in that scene.) As a whole, the movie  is great. What makes it even better is the effective ending where we  realize there will be at least one more confrontation with the Empire  although the Death Star has been destroyed. It would have been better  though, I think, had Peter Cushing found some way to get into the later  movies. He was the best villain in the movie with the possible exception of  Prowse's Vader. Overall, though, a great movie and one any sci-fi must  love.
B000009QPE|5.0|This is as good as thrash gets, and if not for Megadeth's &quot;Peace sells...&quot; this would be the best thrash album ever. Even Slayer could never repeat this performance. This is a monumental achievement and is  definitely one of the most influential classics ever. If you don't have it,  you're missing out. If thrash metal can be art, this is it.
B000001Y42|3.0|I first heard of this CD from a friend about a year and 1/2 ago so I listened to it, and it was awesome.  Just about every song on the album is a potential chart topper.  The mix between rock and rap is executed  perfectly.  My only problem is that now that it is getting popular, a lot  of people think they are hard core limp fans when the only song they listen  to is faith.  Faith isn't even the best track.  COunterfit, Pollution, and  Stuck are definitely the three best tracks.
B00000FCBC|4.0|This is not a great double-CD from start to finish, but it has it has enough bright spots to be make it worth the money. Of the newly recorded material, &quot;It's Electric&quot; and &quot;Astronomy&quot; are terrific,  but the Mercyful Fate is incredible and needs to be heard to be believed.  However, &quot;Turn the Page&quot; and &quot;Loverman&quot; are  unlistenable. This rest is okay, but not that exciting.<br />Highlights of the  second disc (older material) include &quot;The Small Hours&quot; by  Holocaust and &quot;Blitzkrieg&quot; by Blitzkrieg. Suprisingly, the  Motorhead covers are uninspired and terribly inferior to the Motorhead  originals. Still, there's some good stuff here. Overall, this is well worth  picking up, but don't expect to like every song. There are some real  clunkers on this album, which is disappointing when you think of some of  the great songs in metal history that were neglected in favor of some more  mainstream offerings.
B00000255O|5.0|The spacey instrumentals utilized in this album are mind-blowing. One must keep in mind when listening to this that it is not merely electronic; this is band music void of overdubbing with funk and jazz components that the  best electronic artists of today could not duplicate with computers. A true  musician in every sense.
B000001FTD|5.0|This Anthrax's best album, making it one metal's pure masterpieces. If this isn't a five-star album, then there aren't any five-star albums on this Earth. Easily one of the best five thrash albums ever, and it's  actually probably in the top three. It doesn't get any better than this. A  must have for any serious metal fan.
6300215512|5.0|this is my favourite quote from the movie, and the way she says it! This is a masterpiece, another timeless movie like we don't get anymore nowadays; just go for it
B000001FFR|4.0|This is one of the best early thrash efforts better. A great album, but not Anthrax's best. That would &quot;Among the Living.&quot; Still, this is a must have for any metal fan. Sounds even better today than it did back  then.
B000001ZSF|5.0|I like this album containing his new efforts. As long as I know, Jean used and played the new instruments(synthesizers) such as Young Chang K-2000 for this album. So the sound is somewhat different from his previous works:  more sophisticated sound. This must be his another success. The last  track(Chronologie Part 8) is most impressive. Just try!!
B000002H33|2.0|This is one of those mediocre metal abulms that somehow is considered an all-time classic. The fact is, this album was a big disappointment to real thrash fans at the time of its release, and it unfortunately sounds no better today.<br />The CD has one true great metal song (Disposable Heroes), one very good song (title track), some sub-standard thrash (Damage Inc. and Battery), and a bunch of pretentious, mid-tempo junk (Leper Messiah, Welcome Home (Sanitarium)) flung in between. As a result, the album fails to build momentum and is a deeply unsatisfying listen by the album's end.<br />I'm still not sure why the masses love this album, but they do.  Perhaps it's because this album was clearly not hardcore thrash, owed to its softer, melodic side. But if you want that, pick up some '80s Iron Maiden; it's several times better. If you want thrash, several albums were released that same year of much better quality (Megadeth's &quot;Peace Sells...&quot;, Slayer's &quot;Reign in Blood&quot;, Metal Church's &quot;The Dark&quot; to name a few). <br />In all, this album wasn't even a top five metal album the year it came out, let alone the best album of all time. Though I personally don't think Metallica has a classic album (&quot;...And Justice for All&quot; is even more boring than this stinker), &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot; is a solid album and contains the band's best song (&quot;Creeping Death&quot;). If you're just getting into older Metallica, start with that one.
0553274503|5.0|I just finished reading the book &quot;Flowers for Algernon&quot; and I really enjoyed it. I found it interesting to see life from a different person's perspective. It made me grateful for the things I have. I would  recommend this book to anyone who's ready to see life through the eyes of  another person.
0780624890|4.0|Good entertainement. Funny stunts and  ya know everything else you ask from such a film.
B000002C2E|5.0|I thought Bob's best work was behind him, but I was wrong. &quot;Not Dark Yet&quot; is one of his finest songs, definitely the best on this album. As always, he demonstrates on this and other songs that he can sing about  anything, using any words, and still marvelously make great rhymes.  &quot;Make You Fell My Love&quot; is a truly great love song. It's no  wonder that this beautiful song has been covered by at least three artists  that I know of and nominated for a songwriter's grammy in country music  this year. The final song &quot;Highlands&quot; is a little drawn out, but  still demonstrates Dylan at his story-telling best.
0385484518|5.0|It is the most heart warming and moving story I have ever read.  I am thankful for Morrie Schwartz; for his wonderful tribute to all people and to Mitch Albom for writing this book so the world could share this  inspirational story.  It is a reminder to all on what is 'truly' important  in life and the many lessons to employ and live by. Thank you Morrie, Thank  you Mitch!
0671688782|5.0|As a practicing psychiatrist I have had the opportunity to use this method in a wide variety of clinical presentations, including children with obsessive/compulsive disorder, attention deficit disorder, conduct  disorder, depression, severe anxiety disorders, phobias and various  acting-out behaviors including fire-setting.      In all cases where the  mother was willing to hang in there and use this therapy I have seen very  significant results. This includes some cases where the child had been in a  multitude of therapies for several years in which they were continuing to  deteriorate prior to using holding time.       When the mother is able to  participate in an honest and emotional manner, the child does not feel they  are being held against their will but are engaging in deep and moving  emotional contact with someone they love and want to feel close to.     In  fact, the major problem I have found is the resistances encountered on the  part of the mother who has a poor tolerance for aggression and intense  affect, whether it is coming from the child or repressed within themselves.  This frequently comes out as the defense of wanting to protect the child  from feeling such painful feelings that can come out in a holding time  session. Unfortunately, this defense is shortsighted, as it allows the  disappointments, fears and resentmentss to build up, and, not being  discharged and let go, end up creating those neurotic character traits that  we mental health professionals see every day in our treatment of adults.      Hopefully this book will be a step  forward to create the world where  adults have grown up to be comfortable with their feelings, not needing to  hide them. It's  as simple as that.
6303965415|4.0|After seeing the movie &quot;Persuasion,&quot; I was impelled to do two things at once:(a) buy a copy of the novel; and (b) learn more about the works of the lead actors, Amanda Root and Ciaran Hinds.  Jane Austen's  story-telling is incomparable, but this adaptation, with its excellent  cast, screenplay, and direction, is nearly as good as the real thing.   (P.S. If anyone needs help writing a love letter, be sure to read Captain  Wentworth's note to Anne Elliott toward the end of the novel/film.  It is  probably one of the most heartfelt and passionate declarations of love in  English literature.)
B00000HYXB|4.0|Blind Guardian really show their talent in this album! The album is based on J.R.R Tolkien's Silmarillon and it is by itself a musical story which you enjoy listening to. The music is strong and the vocals really great.  Highly Recommended. Best Songs:Nightfall,Blood Tears
B000002B30|5.0|I realize that Born in the USA was Bruce's biggest commercial success, but the four songs from that album on Greatest Hits do not even compare to  Born to Run, Thunderoad, Badlands, The River, and Atlantic City. This CD is  worth having for those songs alone; they are phenomenal! I was disappointed  to see that Tunnel of Love was not included. Perhaps one of the  oft-overplayed Born in the USA songs could be dropped to make room for it  (I don't think My Hometown would be missed). Perhaps I'm giving the  impression that I don't like the album, but it really is great for the  early stuff and later gems like Streets of Philadelphia and Secret Garden  (thankfully without &quot;you had me at hello&quot;). I'm just a little  tired of Born in the USA.
0399128964|5.0|At first, Dune's complexity and length (mostly length) were a barrier to my reading it.  I've read Heinlien, Assimov, and others.  After I saw the long version of the movie, I felt there were too many unanswered questions.   I knew that a respected science fiction author would not leave that many  stones unturned.  So that day, I began reading the book.  I found that I  could not put it down.  I read each page fully looking for the clues and  the complex plot twists.  I was held in an almost suspended state as my  mind's eye watched this drama unfold.  The only thing that I wish was  different, is the description of Gurney, &quot;an ugly lump of a man&quot;  (page 31).  My mind kept seeing Patrick Stewart and I don't believe he is  &quot;an ugly lump of a man.&quot;  This book is only the start of a  complex and unique saga covering issues that transend time.  If you are a  light SCI-FI reader, try reading this book with the eye of yesterday, of  today and of tomorrow.
B000002MIF|5.0|Heartbreaking, in the best imagineable way
6304346107|4.0|How interesting to have two films based on the same novel be released within months of each other!  &quot;Emma&quot; is considered by many to be Jane Austen's finest work and has a level of complexity that is more suited  to a mini-series than a mere movie of two or three hours.  I don't know how  the screenwriters and directors decided on what to keep, what to cut, and  what to re-work, but the two film versions are different enough that I  didn't mind seeing them both.  I do, however, greatly prefer the one with  Kate Bickensale as the title character, which was originally aired on the  cable channel A&amp;E.  It is a more faithful adaptation of the novel and  has a more structured and cohesive storyline.  Bickensale's interpretation  of Emma has been criticized for being &quot;too dark,&quot; but I believe  her Emma is a more accurate portrayal of the novel's heroine than Gwyneth  Paltrow's is in the other &quot;Emma.&quot;  In fact, all the characters  (e.g., Jane Fairfax, Frank Churchill)in this version are handle with more  care and detail, and that is enough to make this &quot;Emma&quot; a more  satisfying experience for me.
6302136105|5.0|This video could have shown some more positive components of the Doors and their road to Platinum Record Recordings. That probably would have lengthened  it quite a bit. But, it would have been worth it. The good  points of the movie were:<br />1.Oliver Stone did a well job of directing.  Many parts of the story weren't left out.<br />2.Val Kilmer did an awesome job  of portraying Jim Morrison, right down to the exact mannerisms.<br />3.The  music is kick ass!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0375707972|4.0|&quot;The Reader&quot; has been a bestseller in Australia for about six months so I was surprised to receive an email from Amazon to let me know that this was Oprah's newest book club selection.  Not that it worried me.  In fact this proved to be of benefit as this meant that I could read a book  at the same time as it was supposed to be and not the two months later when  it actually arrived on our shores. The reason I think that it has done so  well here is not so much that it is about the Holocaust but more so that as  people we are fascinated and intrigued and are constantly looking for some  sort of understanding of why we do the horrible things we do to each other.   This is is why I think what the &quot;The Reader&quot; sets out to do and  what it actually  involves is not so much the telling of the people of the  Holocaust but those looking back on it.  To read statements further down  this page by people who haven't even READ the book troubles me as it would  seem to me that this idea that &quot;The Reader&quot; is set in or is  predominantly about the Holocaust is being pedalled.  Those reading this  review please understand that it is not.  In fact it will be interesting to  see when they make the movie - and you know they will - whether they focus  on the love story or the courtroom angle.  This is a lovely little story  told in a very big way.  Sure there are some times when you can really see  that this has been translated with some inappropriately short sentences,  but once you get past it you'll find like I did, I'm sure, that &quot;The  Reader&quot; is a story about us as people and not so much the Holocaust.
0670813028|5.0|The first novel I read was IT. I was instantly struck. After reading IT I read all books from Stephen King but this is still absolutely the best novel I have ever read. It's horror, romance, gripping and I could not put  it away. For all of you who have not read this novel yet, GO GET IT AND  PLEASE READ IT....
0385493800|5.0|This story is (I think) quite a change from Grisham's other books, but nonetheless completely absorbing. An attorney who has been in and out of rehab for alcohol and drug abuse is sent to a remote area somewhere in  Brazil to locate a young woman working as a missionary with an indian  tribe, who has just become the sole beneficiary of a multi-billion dollar  estate. In the process, the attorney faces many dangers and his own  mortality, eventually coming to grips with his life and his problems,  probably for the first time. He comes back to civilization a totally  changed man.  Grisham's treatment of the subject of Christianity and  committing one's life for God's service is honest and sincere, and  thought-provoking. I finished this book feeling tremendously satisfied.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|the best songs are pretty fly, the kids arent alright, and have you eve
6301543408|5.0|The best Star Trek movie ever !!!!!!! This movie rocks!! It has action, adventure, comic relief, and we see the great friendship there is between Spock and Kirk.  If you liked the series then you are going to love the  movies.  A must see. (Especially if you are a Spock fan)
B000002LUB|5.0|About time Dio's reunited with Sabbath. Dehumanizer reminds me of when I used to walk around my neighborhood blasting &quot;Rainbow in the Dark out of my boom box! It's in the same class as Dio's holy diver album. It's  classic 1980's Black Sabbath with Dio. Ozzy was good but Dio with Tony  Iommi and the gang rules. Every song is awesome.
630469797X|3.0|Anchor Bay DVD's have quickly become my least favorite DVD maker.  Unfortunately most of my favorite movies are being released under them.  <br />The transfer is good, but either(a)this DVD was one of their first  generation released DVD's or (b) they were just too lazy to fit the whole  movie on one side and my biggest peeve...they didn't even have a running  time programmed in.<br />I have since seen them get better.  Day Of The Dead  actually has a running time.
0790740443|4.0|This is one of those types of movies like Road Warrior where the action works best with less talking. Nice popcorn movie.
0140177396|5.0|I first read this book when I was 11 or 12 years old, having chanced upon it in my parents' collection.  I recall sitting in the basement and reading it straight through in one afternoon, at times reading through tears.  The  novella affected me greatly.  Afterward, I remember, I felt strange and  shaken and unable to fully define the powerful experience.  A wonderful  book.
0451191153|5.0|None of us can aspire to be Howard Roark, just as none of us can aspire to be Jesus.  They are both ideals in their own respect. Rand creates an ideal that challenges conventional thinking - and conventional religious  philosophy.  She challenges the concept of altruism and gives new meaning  to the concept of &quot;self&quot;.  <br />When one considers that every  action we take is self-motivated and every relationship is based on  &quot;value for value&quot;, one would have to agree with her premises.<br />I  first read the Fountainhead in 1970.  I have re-read it four times and  still believe it is one of the most important pieces of modern literature  ever written.  It is only eclipsed by her masterpiece, Atlas  Shrugged.<br />P.S. The more I read the criticisms, the more I hear Ellsworth  Toohey.  When Toohey, Roarks most ardent critic, finally approached Roark  and asked him what he thought of him, Roark replied &quot; I don't&quot;.
B000002BHE|5.0|I must say that this is one of my best CDs. When I listen to her music, I feel her every words. Her love songs don't make the heart ache like some love songs do, but actually transcend the listener to a deeper  understanding of what love is all about!
0767817478|1.0|This idiotic movie couldn't be saved by its special effects, which weren't all that great (the new, &quot;high-tech&quot; Godzilla looks like a drooling shoebox).  You'll love this movie if you have never seen ANY other  movie to compare it to:  Lots and lots of bad acting, bad plot, and actors  that I wished would all be killed before the first twenty minutes were up.   This is the first movie I have ever walked out of and got a refund---If you  HAVE to see Godzilla destroy a city, rent the original.
0375707972|3.0|The Reader could've been one of those truly riveting, thought-provoking books which linger in the minds of readers because of the humanness of its characters against events and conditions devoid of humanness.  However, Mr.  Schlink's executions renders the characters, especially the protagonist, so  detached and aloof and without human depth that the story itself losses its  sting.  The first part was exquisitely written but once the narrator grows  up, the novel falters.  Mr. Schlink seems fearful of empowering the  narrator with anything more than the basest and most rudimentary of  emotions when the situation, the importance of the story itself, called for  it.  A good read, but not the one it has been made out to be...
0792151712|1.0|What happens when you mix the current teen idol, a girl with a forehead so huge you could land a B-52 bomber on it, and a plot so stupid that only a horrible director like Cameron could have written it?  You get  &quot;Titanic,&quot;  the ridiculous blockbuster of all time.  While the FX  are remarkable and the costumes are lovely, the hilarious  &quot;tragic&quot; death of Leo comes three hours too far away from the  beginning.
B000002I99|5.0|This 1975 album is important for several reasons.  It established Cooper as an artist who could combine complex musical textures into an album that pleases musically astute individuals without alienating his headbanging  fans.  Secondly from a production standpoint, it shows producer Bob Ezrin  as symphonically in touch.  This album serves as a great trial run to his  1979 masterpiece, &quot;The Wall&quot; by Pink Floyd.
0385493800|2.0|I was very disappointed in this novel.  Although I applaud Mr. Grisham's attempt to get away from superhero lawyers and the streets of Memphis, he did so without any direction.  The characters are poorly developed and  flat.  They are either evil and greedy, or drunks.  Even the protagonist  only changes his ways when he is led to do so, either by his therapist or  this faultless &quot;angel&quot; in the jungle.  The various subplots do  not fit together very well.  And, in the end, the hero of our story just  capitulates to the slimy offspring of the writer of The Testament. I kept  waiting to care about someone or something in this book.  It never  happened.
B000002KBU|5.0|After reading the other reviews listed here, there's not much more I can add.  Quite simply, this is my favorite album of all time.  Seldom does something ever speak to my soul the way this album did.  Thank you Joni for  making this album and just being you!
0395925037|5.0|One of the most powerful books I have ever read, Mein Kampf gives the reader a personal look into the life of Adolf Hitler.  His views were strong from when he was young, and all it took was for him to get into  power to achieve his goals.  The fact that such a man could do what Hitler  did is so terrifying, and this book is a great look into all that this man  was.  It is a good histrical piece and very important to the people of the  world.
B000002TYX|3.0|The first CD is pretty lame. About half the songs are live covers. There are also some audition tapes. Not all that much. The second CD is better. Hilarious versions of &quot;No Reply&quot;, &quot;I'll Be Back&quot;, and  &quot;One After 909&quot;. I also think this version of &quot;8 Days A  Week&quot; is better than the original version. I agree that this is mostly  for die hard fans.
080018789X|5.0|this movie is one to remember as one of the greats.  It has everything from little kid humor to dramatic love scenes.  WOW!!! This movie deserves nothing but the best remarks
B000001E18|5.0|Zooropa is the logical follow-up to Achtung, and the social-statement precursor to Pop.  It is dark, foreboding, witty, and persistent.  The songs stick with you, not only because they are beautiful, but because the  message they send is powerful and prescient.<br />Zooropa is a profound  political statement about the current state of the world (e.g., ``Be a  winner / Eat to get slimmer&quot; from the title track) with a kind of  bitterness that shades every subsequent newspaper reading.<br />And it's just  a beautiful album.  I think a lot of people oppose it because its style  differs so much from that of the more-classic-rock U2 albums (``The Joshua  Tree&quot; and before).  On ``Zooropa&quot;, U2 felt they had hit a wall;  they had exhausted the possibilities of the rock medium.  So they forged  their own path.  And because everyone loved ``Achtung Baby&quot;, it's hard  to see how they got to ``Zooropa&quot;.  Give the album a good listen,  though, and I think you will see where they came from.<br />This is one of my  favourite albums, and confirms U2's place as my favourite rock group.
0783226063|5.0|If you enjoy an intelligent science fiction story line that actually makes you think, along with a very different idea of what the future looks like, this one is  for you.  I never get tired of watching this film because the  story and the setting is so fascinating.
0380725398|4.0|Mary Yellan's sense of adventure and spirit not easily tamed really captured me. I thoroughly enjoyed her excursions on the moors. Daphne Dumaurier did an excellent job of transporting you there. Mary Yellan's  loyalty to her Aunt Patience is to be commended (staying on at the Jamaica  Inn throughout all of the strange occurrences when all she had to do was  leave). Jamaica Inn is a good piece of classical work. If your daughter  likes Nancy Drew mysteries she should try this classic.
0553573403|5.0|This book was absolutely spell-binding, and I found myself constantly up past my bed time to find out what would happen next. George Martin has a very special when it comes to characterization and in my opinion is even  better at it than the infamous Robert Jordan. The plot is complicated and  clever and will leave you yearning for more after its completion. A  magnificent piece of work.
6300248569|5.0|I think this is the best version of this English classic to date.  Garvie presents a much more spirited and enjoyable Elizabeth compared to the A&amp;E/Beckinsale mercenary one.  Rintoul is the strongest  characterization of Darcy I've seen, Olivier and Firth make him seem  vacillating and weak in comparison.  The only drawback is the usual inside  sets of the BBC, but the outdoor grandeur and the quality of the acting  make this show worthwhile viewing over and over.
6304806418|5.0|a must not only for a MADONNA-fan
0679457313|1.0|So disappointed in Roy's first book.  What exactly was the point? -- did she actually think describing in detail the horrendous conditions in India would hold our interest throughout the book.   Set the scene but get on  with it.
6302759110|1.0|I wonder, how many of the reviewers have actually read the novel by Bram Stoker.  The concept of Dracula, in his original manifistation, was the embodiment of all sexual taboo's of the 19th century.  Self-love (can't put  the actual word), incest, homosexuality.  There is no love in Dracula.  So  why, I ask, did Copolla, turn it into a love story?  Dracula is not even  close to a love story.  The movie was excellent.  I gave it one star  because he titled it &quot;Bram Stoker's&quot; Dracula.  It is nothing like  the novel.  Dracula is evil, disgusting, and heartless.  In the movie, he  is an avenger.  He is turned into a man (not a beast) obsessed with  reuniting with his lost love (ridiculously portrayed in Mina).  I love  Copolla, but....I couldn't get past the fact he tacked Bram Stoker's name  to a story that has nothing to do with the original Dracula.  I  will put this forward.  How many people want to kiss a dead, rotting,  self-loving, incestuous, adulterous, corpse?  That's exactly what Dracula  is, not a handsome, gentleman.  And couldn't they find someone better to  play Dracula?  I like Gary Oldman, but...god....he was too pretentious and  too *nice* to be Dracula.  In my opinion, Mr Hopkins would have made a  *wonderful* Dracula.  Read the book, you'll know why.
6305265488|5.0|You might say &quot;Cinderella&quot; is a story ment for little girls. This is not so with this movie. Not only did it have the traditional love story of Cinderlla, it aslo had things a boy would like too. The sword  fights were really great. Not mention that it had a lot of good humor. This  updated version brings the longtime classic into the 90's. The story no  longer portrays Cinderella a this weak girl who lets everyone walk all over  her. It give the main character a chance to take pot shots at the ones who  are making her life miserible. I aslo liked the scenery.Along with a few  historical figures this has to be the best version of  &quot;Cinderella&quot; I have ever seen. But, the best thing I really loved  was the costumes. They were very origanal.I really loved Drew Berrymore's  costume. I think this was the best performence she ever givin.Next to her  performence in &quot;The Wedding Singer&quot;. Finally, it gives a version  of &quot;Cinderella even an adult would enjoy over,and over again.
0440219078|5.0|Even though I am 17 now, I still think of The Giver as one of the best books I have ever read. I can't wait until my brother is old enough to read it because I loved it so much.  Lowry creates an really interesting world  that leaves the reader wanting to read more and more.  It doesn't matter  what age you are, 12 or 40, its a great book for all ages.  It definately  deserved the award that it received.
0380789019|4.0|You can feel Neil Gaiman's playfulness throughout the story. He has blended his past as a comic book author (and there is NO inference here that Neverwhere is &quot;comic-like&quot;) with a nicely polished style  that comes together as a story filled with plenty for the mind and all the  senses.<br />Mr. Gaiman's storyline feels like a modern day, twisted and  tweaked &quot;North by Northwest&quot; - a Cary Grant of today, an innocent  man completely out of his element, thrown literally into the sewers and  dragged into events totally out of his control.<br />Mr. Gaiman has produced a  winner, and I can't wait for another to hit the shelves.<br />Keep writing,  Neil.
B000002SE0|5.0|I feel that it is my duty to note that this recording of Turandot is perhaps the best i've ever heard.  Nilsson and Corelli are amazing in the title roles, and they both bring superb examples of their artistry to the  cd.  One can say without hyperbole that they are probably the best  interpreters of these roles in this century.  Hearing this CD will be a  great joy to anyone who loves this opera, Puccini, or even opera in  general.  In short, this is a fabulous CD.
B0000025ZF|5.0|This 1984 masterpiece was actually proposed by Roger in 1978 as a Pink Floyd project, but was rejected when bandmates chose &quot;The Wall&quot; as the more appropriate of the two concepts, being less personal.     Now,  as you can see from the reviews (mostly either 1 star or 5 stars), most  listeners either got this record for what it was, or completley missed the  concept.  If you are a fan of &quot;Pigs On The Wing&quot;, &quot;Nobody  Home&quot;, or &quot;Empty Spaces&quot;; and can appreciate &quot;The  Wall&quot; for its artistic genius and ability to go beyond music, than you  will have the capability to truly enjoy this record.  However, if you're  more a fan of &quot;Money&quot;, &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;, or  &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; (all good songs), and are looking for a  melodic, pleasant classic rock sound, this album is not for you.   Basically, due to the removal of his bandmates, Roger was able to shine and  produce his music exactly the way he wanted it to sound, which, if you  really listen into the songs, is rather ingenious.  The absence of David  Gilmour's guitar is more than topped by Eric Clapton's bluesy solos and  acoustic embellishments.  What I believe to be the best attribute of this  record (as no one else can do) is Roger's ability to draw you in, both  musically and lyrically, to the changing images of the &quot;dream&quot; he  is having throughout the album.  This is an album for people who experience  their music.  This is by no means a cd to be played at a party (unless its  a get-together chock full o' hallucinagens), this is an album to listen to  right before bedtime, by yourself, on headphones.   In sum, because  &quot;The Wall&quot; carried the Pink Floyd name (and budget), Roger was  able to create a reknowned triumphant album using multi-media rescources.   This album is artistically parallell (though not nearly recognized as such,  due to its un-orthodox style and self-indulgancy), yet in a way surpasses  &quot;The Wall&quot;.  He creates even better imagery whilst utillizing  only one form of media. Thanks to his use of continuous tracks, beautiful  acoustics, spacey and emotional guitar lines, unorthodox embellishmental  percussion, amazing vocal and spoken word parts, and an all-together  dreamy/flowing sound that can bait you in to the story, and feel his  emotions like no other record can, Roger Waters proves that allthough  seldom recognized, he was the true genius of Pink Floyd.
B0000004V2|5.0|The previous reviews are 100% correct.  Not only is there not a bad track on this record, there isn't a bad note.  This is a timeless recording, as influential and progressive today as it was when it came out.  I challenge  anyone to hear it and then try to get it out of their head.
B000002C1W|2.0|WARNING: If you've heard classics such as &quot;Dark Side Of The Moon&quot;, &quot;Meddle&quot;, &quot;Animals&quot;, &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot;, and of course, &quot;The Wall&quot;, then DO NOT believe that  this is the same band.  True, there is some good songs on this record:  &quot;On The Turning Away&quot; is a beautiful song; &quot;Sorrow&quot;  excellent musicianship; and &quot;Terminal Frost&quot; wonderfully  composed.  However, this record is by no ways up to the standards of the  Pink Floyd name made proffitable by songwriting genius Roger Waters.  This  record is incredibly lavish.  It's a typical high-budget Reagan-era  disaster.  The radio garbage overrated hit &quot;Learning To Fly&quot; is  hardly comparable to Waters' &quot;The Tide Is Turning&quot;.  Cheez-o  filler like &quot;Dogs Of War&quot;, &quot;New Machine&quot; play key roles  in the unpleasant 80's yucc-o sound this record can't seem to shake.  It  lacks the continuity of a true PF album, as well as the musical and lyrical  conceptualism.  No, it's not a horrible 1980's rock album, but it's not a  Pink Floyd album.  The argument that the band evolved is null and void.   Evolution is a natural process that occurs through time.  In '68 Barrett's  influence transfused its way into his pupil and successor, David Gilmour.   Over the next 15 or so years, Gilmour and Waters evolved together to help  create &quot;The Pink Floyd Sound&quot; (the bands original name).  In my  mind, that sound died when &quot;The Wall&quot; came down. Just as  &quot;The Final Cut&quot; is not a true PF representation, &quot;A  Momentary Lapse Of Reason&quot; is not either.  As one other clver reviewer  stated, these guys really are &quot;The Surrogate Band&quot;.
B000001FVL|5.0|About ten years ago I had this album on tape, my  knowledge of  music was limited so I expermented a lot! The Buggles,Age of modern music was one of my first purchases, and I liked them very much. Listen to the words and you  will understand.
B000005J48|5.0|Another truly great rendition of Piazzolas music as done by Gidon Kremer and some other very fine musicians.  The most fantastic piece, Buenos Aires hora cero, involves a harpsihord that dissolves all classical stereotypes  of the instrument.  Other pieces invole an excellent clarinet, and Cafe  1930 is a beautiful arrangement of the originally flute and guitar  &quot;Histoire du Tango.&quot;  A very excellent cd, and a must for any  Piazzola fan.
B0000025KI|5.0|this album is solid from top to bottom and runs the full spectrum of emotions from hungry heart to stolen car.  i love the transition springsteen is able to make from songs like im a rocker to drive all night.   a must have for any springsteen or rock fan
B000002L7R|5.0|It would have been easy to change the key of &quot;Let's Go Crazy&quot; and release the album to sure-fired pop success.  However, the man chose to create an album based on a feeling &amp; a time- it is wonderful.  GET THIS  ALBUM, you will love it forever.
B0000025D0|5.0|this is arguably springsteen's best work.  its gritty, depressing and emotionally draining.  however, the music is so powerful that you come away feeling inspired.  i love the boss and this album justifies those feelings.
0812550706|3.0|I believe Card made the book &quot;simple&quot; so his message could reach a larger audience. I think he's saying our beliefs have to be knowledgeable about the world than reflect the best in the world back on itself. However  when the job of bringing out the world's best nature is placed on the  shoulders of one child, it crushes his spirit. <br />Also I don't personally  believe in Mormonism, but if all good/smart people could become Card's for  their side there'd be hope. That's not elitist because the average people  would still be the doers, because dreamers without doers are impotent.<br />In  least that's what I got out of it.
6305095442|5.0|Though not a huge horror fanatic,I have to say that this,for me,is the funniest,scariest and of course,most spine-tingling horror movie of all time.<br />    If I have a bad day at work,I just think of this movie and my  day brightens.<br />    Thankyou Bruce et al,for your vision and artistry.
6303471714|3.0|First off, who works out in a bustier swimsuit?  This workout is more a music video featuring Cindy tossing her hair around.  Instructor Radu is highly annoying (couldn't they have dubbed a better voice?) and does count  way to fast.<br />However, the video does make you work and is an overall good  strength builder.  I don't know much about safetey, but you can adapt like  the last reviewer said.  The workout kind of grows on you.  And I just  ignore Cindy's hair and Radu's voice.
B0000073Y2|3.0|This CD combines the first 2 releases by the pride of the Ruhr,  Sodom.Their debut mini-album, In The Sign Of Evil, is extremely fast and  heavy, although it may have benefitted from guitarist Grave Violator (love  that name!) using some decent pedals! The lyrics are definitely from the  Venom school of Irreverence, containing such treasures as `My life begins  at midnight twelve, masturbate to kill myself' (from `Blasphemer'), and  such clever rhyming schemes as `Witch, bitch, no sleep in Sodom' (from  `Witching Metal'), all barked out in a very disturbing guttural grunt.  Unfortunately,as the new packaging does not have the lyric sheets that  accompanied the original vinyl releases, deciphering the lyrics will prove  an uphill struggle for the uninitiated.Also unfortunate regarding the  packaging is the absence of the band pictures, especially those on `n The  Sign..',which include an Angelripper with a serious bowl haircut and an  inverted crucifix practically embedded into his throat! Nevertheless,`In  The Sign...' is a brilliant piece of intense Black Metal, and its power and  speed make it one of the best releases of its type - certainly more intense  than Kreator's debut (Endless Pain), fine and all a release as that was.  However, what drags down the quality of this disc to a 3* rating is the  inclusion of `Obsessed by Cruelty'. It proved to be a big disappointment  for fans of their inspired debut.It's songs tend to sound poor and  indistinct, and overall, almost tedious. It may be of interest to those who  have the original European vinyl release from 1986 that what is contained  on this disc is in fact the version that was released in the US at the  time.Both contain the same songs, but with an obviously different sound.  Thankfully, `In The Sign..' appears in its' brilliant original state. Sodom  released many subsequent albums, of varying quality. However, if you love  the likes of Venom, Possessed, Dark Angel, Bathory, Kreator, etc., make  sure and get your hands on this, and their brilliant 3rd release,  `Persecution Mania', the CD of which contains the great `Sodomy and Lust'  ep,as well as a reworked `Outbreak of Evil' (from `In The Sign...'), and a  very impressive rendition of Motorhead's `Iron Fist'. Finally, their `Agent  Orange' Cd is also worth investigating, and contains a good cover of Tank's  `Don't Walk Away'. Enjoy this legendary German band, and Witchhunter's  outstanding drumming! Check out their web site for more info
B000000OUJ|5.0|This album is definitely one of the best rap records of all time. Its got great beat variety and hypnotic lyrics that keep you waiting for every next verse. Every song puts pictures in your mind like a telepathic vibe coming  through your speakers. A must own for anyone that knows the true roots of  hip-hop (Which whould exclude all down south rap wannabes with no lyrical  skill)
0887306667|4.0|If you are a marketing student pass this one up. For the rest of us, this is a great book. It can be read in one sitting, yet it provides valuable insight in the world of Marketing. Buy the book, it just might pay for  itself in the long run.
0399143904|4.0|Thought this was much better than his last one but still something lacking...Just couldn't give it five stars. Good group of main characters just wish I would have found out something more about them. If they are  part of the plot of his next book then Clancy needs to do a better job  focusing on their work not just their personalities.
6305265488|5.0|This movie is perfect for all the romantics of this world.  The childrens story Cinderella is retold no longer as a fairy tale but as a true story.  The scenery is wonderful!  You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll want to watch  it again and again!
6304490119|4.0|Right up there with the good Star Trek Voyager episodes, Stargate packs a creative storyline with some wonderful special effects.  If you don't have Dolby Surround Sound, or better yet, Digital DTS Surround with 5/6-channel  output, get it!  Films like Stargate, whose sound is as great as the film  itself must be heard and seen with quality equipment to enjoy all its  offerings.
B000002TQV|5.0|This album is excellent! At first it seemed like just another album, but then, it started to grow on me! I love it now! RAdiohead is an outstanding band, and this album is really great and it is the best radiohead album  yet, o.k. computer was great, but this was really really GOOD! Anyone  interested in an excellent rock album, check this out! The Best!!!
0441172717|5.0|Frank Herbert has done what so many sci fi authors    fail to do--created a plausible suggestion of the distant future of mankind, without all the lengthy descriptions of dumb gadgets that litter most sci fi novels. Bravo!  It doesn't get much better than this folks. Even the most staunch hater of  the sci fi genre would enjoy it. The only way the characters might not be  totally realistic is that they are all highly intelligent (and that's not a  complaint!) They are unique and intreguing, and the ending to this and the  others in the series are far from predictable. I've never completed a  series of books (six in all) so quickly. And at the end you'd just kill to  be able to become a Bene Gesserit! Happy reading!
0451191153|5.0|I have not done a comparison of other books rated at this site, but a total of 195 customer comments thus far appears to indicate, at the very least, that this enduring work has had much influence, positive or  otherwise.  I read the book many years ago, and it impacted me personally  in both positive and negative ways.  All in all, I cannot say I'm worse off  on account of it, but who can really say?<br />From a literary perspective,  you will find few books written with more eloquence or passion than this  one.  Ms. Rand was, in my view, a very talented woman, perhaps a flawed  genius  .  .  .  The plot is intricate, fascinating and tightly woven.  As  a lawyer, I recall the courtroom scenes as being somewhat naive and  &quot;Hollywood&quot;, but most people are not attorneys, so one can live  with that minor discrepancy.<br />Ms. Rand eventually became dogmatic, as did  her philosophy and later novel; seeds or hints of this can be seen in the  Foutainhead.  The book is very appealing to the young--with its passionate  idealism and black and white view of things; therein lies a material danger  that young minds can be drawn in to the dogmatism and  &quot;judgment&quot;-- against themselves and others--causing significant  psychogical harm. By the same token, if not turned into a cult or  inflexible system, if read with an instruction of caution (perhaps from a  teacher or parent), the book can give some sense of insight, direction and  meaning to the &quot;abyss&quot;, the world of an adolescent. <br />I  understand that Ms. Rand and her philosophy became so dogmatic so as to  become almost a cult, or, at the very least, a religion. People who  disagreed with her were even excommunicated, as though Ms. Rand was the  Pope and her detractors were errant followers.  This has happened with many  influencial systems throughout history (e.g., Freud and his followers).   Too bad. The book, and to a lesser extent, her philosophy, has many  wonderful qualities.<br />Depitethe foregoing concerns and cautions, the  book, all in all, is a classic.<br />Give it to your children and students,  but teach them to be strong and think on their own.
0812034465|5.0|I really enjoyed the Southern content and the way Harper Lee described the characters and environment around it.  I would definately read the book many many more times.
0790705141|3.0|Looks like I'm going to ruin this movie's average 5-star rating by giving it only 3.  Yeah, it's scary.  Especially those creepy little girls:  &quot;Come play with us, Danny. . .&quot;  But there are too many problems.   Why, exactly, did Jack go mad so quickly?  And the cook--why did the movie  even bother to include him?  We see him receiving little Danny's terrifying  psychic cries for help, flying cross-country, renting a snow-cat, driving  it thirty miles across up an icy, treacherous mountain, entering the  hotel--and getting axed in the back almost immediately.  In the book, his  character had a much more important role, and survived the attack to help  the mother and son get out of the hotel.  I'm no Stephen King fan, but this  is one case where I thought the book was superior to the movie.  Synopsis  of review:  it's a good scary movie, but doesn't deserve a perfect score.
B000002BUY|1.0|Not only do they go out and rip off the name of a very good Death Metal band, but they pass off the garbage they play for &quot;music&quot;?!  I think not!  Just look at the album cover and you get a general idea of what  the excrement of the MTV generation produces.  Stuff like this should be  kept underground, literally...I mean, buried in a cemetery and eaten by  maggots; the same maggots who listen to Limp Bizkit and Korn.
0790739917|5.0|Nicolas Cage has got to be the sexiest man ALIVE!!  He totally made this movie.  It is so Romantic...so Sensual...and such a beautiful love story.  This movie is a definate must to see !!
6305265488|5.0|I have many versions of this beloved classic and did not think this would meet up to the standards.  I was proven to be delightfully wrong.  Drew is a most believable Cinderella and the visuals were stunning.   My  compliments.
B0000065TL|5.0|This video provides a totally in-depth look into the (not always) private life of one of my favorite pop superstars. From the rehearsals, direction and staging of her monumental show; to the antics behind the scenes with  her primarily gay dancers...THIS IS THE BOMB!!!
0804102988|5.0|This is a sweeping historical saga in the Michener vein, with clearly drawn characters and some of the most beautiful countryside in England.  What makes it particularly interesting is that the story happens around and  along side the great events of history, making the characters and the story  all the more believable.  It was a sensation when published, and rightly  so.  It is wonderful.
6302373921|5.0|This documentary-style video shows how Depeche Mode, a band with shockingly little radio airplay, could sell out the Rose Bowl (a feat only a few other artists could do). Their incredibly loyal fans (of which I am  one) were able to make this happen for them. You will feel as if you are  one of the &quot;roadies&quot; along for this great ride down Route 66. I  thoroughly enjoyed the misadventures of the fans chosen to follow the band  through all their 101 concerts, as well as the concert performances  themselves (DUH!). This video is an absolute, no-brainer, must-have for any  respectable Depeche Mode fan!!!
0375707972|4.0|This is an interesting book in that it reads as a simple novel of a young man's first sexual experience with an older woman, and yet we all know it is so much more than that.  Like all stories relating to the holocaust it  is disturbing and I found myself thinking of the story long after I  finished reading it.  But I also wanted more - I wanted to know more about  both of the major characters, and what drove them both.  I wanted more of  the history, horrifying and disturbing though it is.  I wanted to identify  with them both because what makes a truly great book is the ability to  absorb the reader into the story.  It is a very good book, but it just  falls short of being a great book.
6305265488|5.0|I'ts so good to watch a movie where you can sit and enjoy as a family. This show is by far one of the best I've seen lately. The performances of the actors was fantastic. I've always like Drew Barrymore and feel that she  has outdone herself in this movie. Three cheers and more for all those who  took part in the production of Ever After!!!! It will be on my shelf for  evermore.
6305265488|5.0|I saw this movie and I loved it.  I recommend this movie to all those who love romance.  Many of the movies today have vulgar language.  I find it refreshing that this is the one movie that does not have vulgar language. I  will definitely buy this movie.
B000002J27|5.0|Genesis comes back with a bang after Peter Gabriel's departure.  Although quite different from the Gabriel Genesis, Trick of a Tail manages to capture Genesis' progressive style beautifully through exquisitely played  tunes and ballads.  The shift in style can be attributed to the necessity  to accomodate Collins as a lead vocalist, since he is specially adept for  softer and more melodic songs.  Also, I am especially impressed how the  album sacrifices nothing in regards to lyrics, as these remain  quinessential Genesis (considering Gabriel was a major contributor to prior  albums).  There are also some instrumental masterpieces such as &quot;Los  Endos&quot; and short sketches in the middle of songs like &quot;Robbery,  Assault and Battery&quot; and &quot;Ripples&quot; (check out Banks on the  keyboards!).  A different Genesis? Yes.  But certainly one that manages to  exploit each members' fort as never before.
B00000255F|5.0|Growing Up on the Jersey Shore, you can't get away from the Boss.  But, I dont care where you are from - Blasting Thunder Road, Backstreets, Night and Born to Run as you tooled down the strip in your new convertible is a  dream of any 16 year old boy.  Meeting Across the River and Jungleland are  Bruce at his best, and the most overlooked songs on this disc.  If, by some  cosmic misallignment, you dont already own this album - BUY IT TODAY.
6301978900|5.0|One of the ten best films ever made. The best performance of all time (Robert De Niro). A brilliant masterpiece of cinema.
B000002BPS|5.0|hjhjkghghghghkjghghkjjjjjghjkghjghghkgh
6304143184|5.0|This story shows uncanny parallels to the story of Jesus of Nazareth, and is a post modern classic. If anyone says this film promotes children lying to thier parents, they should ask themselves how they would act any  differently in the same situation...  Please make this movie available  for  mine and all generations that believe that compassion and empathy rule over  scientific advancement and personal gain.
0385493800|4.0|I really enjoyed this book. I have read all of Grisham's and I thought this had very good and different twist.  It kept me guessing as to the outcome.
6303418287|5.0|All right, Frankenstein should be done exactly like this. Anyone who thinks otherwise needs to read the book. It has the sea captain everyone else decided to leave out of the movies. It has a monster that LOOKS like  what Mary Shelley envisioned. Also, it doesn't add anything to the original  story but accepts Mary Shelley's story as she wrote it without all the  ridiculous trappings of the peasant mob, the windmill, and the namechnge  for Frankenstein. People who downgrade this movie just don't know what  they're talking about and need to read the book to see if Branagh didn't do  better than James Whale at protraying Frankenstein.
0380789019|5.0|Having read very few fantasy novels, I am not a proclaimed expert.  All I know is that I was soooo intrigued by this novel.  The dark underworld of the London subway made for a fas- cinating setting.  I loved each  character:  Richard Mayhew, Door, the Marquis de Carabas, Mr. Croup and Mr.  Vandemar.  The good ones were so good they made me ache, the bad ones were  so evil they made me shudder.  And then there were the ones you were never  sure of.  I cannot recall a book in which every scene was so vivid in my  imagination.  I have since bought everything I have been able to find by  Gaiman. Just finished Stardust, a wonderful tale of two worlds.  Looking  forward to Smoke and Mirrors and the Sandman collection.
0788812408|5.0|I think that the The Little Mermaid is Disney's best movie.  I love all of the Disney movies but none as much as The Little Mermaid.  Any one who has not seen this movie by now come to earth because is is the best classic you  will ever see.
0385493800|3.0|&quot;The Testament&quot; is a vast improvement to John Grisham's last two novels, &quot;The Street Lawyer&quot; and &quot;The Partner&quot;, but still not in the league with his earlier works like &quot;The Firm&quot;  and &quot;A Time to Kill&quot;.  I particularly liked the storyline dealing  with the Phelan family's actions after the death of their father, this  should have been developed further.  I agree with other reviewers who say  Grisham's description of Nate's trip through the jungles of Brazil was too  drawn out for its overall contribution to the story.  This material can be  skimmed without much impact on the flow of the story.  Finally, the Rachel  Lane subplot was also interesting, but again could have used more  development.<br />Overall, Grisham has improved this time around, but he  should take more time (say, two years instead of the usual one year) and  write a damn good book, like we know he can!
0679777547|2.0|I barely made it through this book. For me it was incredibly boring. The plot lines were complicated, but that's OK. I figured I'd get it at some point; never did and never did care if I did! What was particularly odd is  that there really are two different intertwined plots or stories and you  keep wondering how they're going to be inter-related. By the end of the  book (if you make it) you discover the secret -- they're NOT! I really  dis-liked this book, found it boring and the characters uninteresting and  flat. Two stars is a really generous rating...
6305291489|5.0|I originally saw this movie becasue of Lindsay. I loved this movie because of Lindsay. Okay, no, I'm not obsessed with Lindsay. The movie really is awesome. And I'm a guy. A teen. And yet, I probably would have liked the  movie if Lindsay wasn't in it. Heck, its a Disney movie! And all PG Disney  movies are pretty good... except for flubber, that was just okay. But the  Parent Trap was better than any Disney film. Ever. Until they let me in  one, that is. ;-)
B000001ESF|5.0|2112 is without a doubt one of RUSH's best.  I first heard RUSH when I was a freshman in high school (Grace Under Preasure) and have been hooked every since.  The first side (I too remember albums) of 2112 is AMAZING, but the  second side (or half for you youngins') is equally AMAZING.  Whenever I  listen to 2112 (or anything by these guys) I think to myself WOW, this is  only 3 guys.  Alex, Neil and Geddy are without equal.  Their music is  tight, complex and a pleasure to listen too.  I doubt you'll ever hear a  simple 4/4 beat in anything they do.  I just can't say enough good about  these guys, hands down the greates power trio, ever.  (TRIUMPH is another  good power trio out of Canada if you like RUSH you'll like TRIUMPH).  One  last word of caution to anyone thinking about buying a RUSH CD for the  first time,  they have a lot of (GREAT) stuff, so you'll end up spending a  lot of money (but, you will NOT regret it for a second)
B000001OAA|5.0|garbage is such agreat band. i hope that more people recognize their genius and give them the awards theydeserve.....miss manson has the voice of a queen......her and gwen stefini of no doubt should get together and  tour.....garbage rules!!!!! come back to salem sherley!!!
6300151379|5.0|I saw it on the Disney channel once and I taped it.I LOVED IT!!!It is the best movie made by Henson.I would like to get the real thing,so PLEASE,PLEASE,PLEASE BRING IT BACK!!!!
B000002NJS|5.0|This has got to be the best CD on earth. I luv this CD so much. Madonna is the best singer on this earth. It's great she won &quot;BEST POP ALBUM&quot; at the 1999 Grammys.  All the songs are great especially The  Power Of Good-Bye, Ray Of Light, and Nothing Really Matters. This is the  best album!!!
B00000253N|5.0|This album was made during a critical period of Dylan's life. People thought he was a has-been, that his times as a songwriter were gone; his marriage was falling apart. Like all great works of art, Blood On The  Tracks is a product of hard times.<br />I've been listening to Blood On The  Tracks for months now. Each new listen seems to bring something new to me,  something I didn't notice the last time. That's because these are not  ordinary love songs; they are filled with emotions such as love, anger,  regret, sorrow, despair, loneliness. Even in the most bitter lines, you can  feel Dylan's passion. His writing and singing have never been better; you  can feel his heart pouring off of every song.<br />This album is to be  listened from start to finish; the song cycle is maybe the best in rock  history. The album starts with one of his best songs, Tangled Up In Blue, a  great story of love found and lost (...I heard her say over her shoulder/  We'll meet again some day on the avenue...) (...The only thing I knew how  to do/Was to keep on keeping on/Like a bird that flew/Tangled up in  blue...).<br />Simple Twist Of Fate, You're A Big Girl Now and You're Gonna  Make Me Lonesome When You Go are often unfairly overlooked; they are among  Dylan's best love songs. Idiot Wind is perhaps Dylan's angriest song  (...You're an idiot, babe./It's a wonder that you still know how to  breathe...), Meet Me In The Morning is a great blues song, and Lily,  Rosemary And The Jack Of Hearts is one of his most off-the-wall  compositions (...The cabaret was quiet except for the drillin' in the  wall...).<br />Then comes the most emotionally affecting trilogy of songs in  the history of rock.<br />If You See Her, Say Hello is one of his most  beautiful songs; who can't identify himself with the narrator, trying to  accept the loss of the one he loves? (...I always have respected her for  doing what she did and gettin' free/Oh, whatever makes her happy, I won't  stand in the way/Though the bitter taste still lingers on from the night I  tried to make her stay....) (...If she's passin' back this way, I'm not  that hard to find/Tell her she can look me up, if she's got the  time...).<br />Shelter From The Storm is perhaps Dylan's best song. The first  five verses, with the narrator describing the time he met the girl who  saved him, are the most beautiful ones in his, or anyone else's, career (I  came in from the wilderness, a creature void of form./&quot;Come in,&quot;  she said, &quot;I'll give you shelter from the storm.&quot;) (...She walked  up to me so gracefully and took my crown of thorns...). Then comes the  final five verses, dealing with the loss of that woman (...Now there's a  wall between us, somethin' there's been lost/I took too much for granted,  got my signals crossed...), going through anger (...I offered up my  innocence and got repaid with scorn...), but eventually ending in the  desire to get her back again (...If I could only turn back the clock to  when God and her were born...).<br />The last song, Buckets Of Rain, with its  haunting melody and painful lyrics (...Like your smile/And your  fingertips/Like the way that you move your lips/ I like the cool way you  look at me/Everything about you is bringing me misery...), ends the album  on a perfect note (...Life is sad/Life is a bust/All ya can do is do what  you must./You do what you must do and ya do it well,/I'll do it for you,  honey baby, can't you tell?...).<br />This album may not have the importance  and impact of Bringing It All Back Home, Highway 61 Revisited and Blonde on  Blonde, but Blood On The Tracks speaks to the heart and, for that reason,  it will never get old and become dated; it will never be forgotten by those  who are affected by it. <br />Blood On The Tracks is just what the title says:  the heart of rock's greatest poet is in every song here.
B000002UVX|5.0|Never before has an album inspired the hearts and souls of rock and roll lovers around the world. Hendrix displays the masterful talent that has captured our attention and rewritten the book of music history.
B000001FW9|4.0|This second outing by Gentle Giant is much more ambitious than their debut. The musical ideas here are also much more complicated. It takes repeated listenings for the power of this album to sink in. The highlights  here, though, are excellent. &quot;Plain Truth&quot; is probably Gentle  Giant's best song. &quot;The House, The Street...&quot; and &quot;The Moon  is Down&quot; are also very memorable. This is probably not the best place  to start if you're new to the band (Try Octopus or Free Hand first) but  certainly this is an album that all established Gentle Giant fans must  have.
6304994540|5.0|I model my life after The Dude.  I wish I could get away with wearing a bathrobe to school...
6302969352|5.0|This movie is not to be missed.  Kurasawa had an eye for many things, but he saw the essence of compassion best.  'Seven Samurai' gives us spectacular action sequences, but more importantly, it gives us a glance  into the human heart.
1573226521|5.0|After finishing this book, I sat for a long time and thought of the deeper meaning of a piece like this. There are pop culture landmarks and the affected youth tones, yet something really strikes me as sublime about the  novel. I'm not claiming this to be the greatest book ever, not at all. Its  just a very unique and lulling book... my moods would shift with the book  and in the end, after it was over, I was lost in it's magic.
0784010188|5.0|Terminator 2: Judgement Day kick
B00000FCBC|1.0|Here we are 1999 and the band that should of retired takes another stab at immortality (or is that infamy??). As usual, it's more of a pathetic joke to us old schoolers.    I haven't heard the whole disc, but I've heard the  Thin Lizzy cover &quot;Whisky in the Jar&quot;... majour *CRINGE*.  I'm  embarrased for them. The version Lizzy did had musical depth and feeling.  Stale-allica (oops Metallica) has neither. This is a band thats always  relied on sheer brute force to hide thier musical weaknessess. The 1980s it  was cool, and they had some originality however boys - this is the 1990s  cheesy retreads don't cut it. This cover is a butchering at its worst....  It's embarrasing... Phil Lynott is turning in his grave.<br /> The other one  &quot;Turn the Page&quot; .... God.... the lads are so out of touch. They  are choosing songs that they feel are influences, and thats cool we all  have favorites. However, when you just don't have the vocal range (yes  James - you can't sing). It makes you look like beyond cheesy. A good  musican knows what they can and can't play.<br /> Now, I've just taken the  Mold-allica (ooops Metallica) to task for being sell outs and trying to do  something they just aren't good enough musicians to pull off. I have to  give them thier due for being in there with the Metal years in the 1980s  and being right up there with the other bands. But, as where Slayer has  stayed honest, Cheese-allica (oops! Metallica) have become the Smashing  Pumpkins of the psuedo Metal world. They take themselves too seriously. The  90's will be remembered though as the &quot;look how pathetic we've  become&quot; years.<br /> Just one humble old schoolers opinion
0780624890|5.0|This movie is just plain cool.  Lots of action.  It's like watching a comic book.
0375707972|5.0|A really different kind of book from Oprah but one that is powerful and compelling.  I'm glad to see Oprah pick something so thought provoking.  I would like to suggest that she pick FRIED CALAMARI next month.
B000002N3J|5.0|Madonna's Something to Remeber is a true piece of art, with some of the best ballads of her career gracing this exquisite cd.  Some notable songs include her smash ballads &quot;Rain,&quot; &quot;Take A Bow&quot;, and  &quot;Oh Father&quot;.  This gem also includes the somewhat harder to find  soundtrack hits &quot;I'll Remeber&quot; and &quot;This Used to be My  Playground&quot;.  Making their first entry into a Madonna cd are the  sultry remake of Marvin Gaye's &quot;I want You&quot;, the acoustic  &quot;One More Chance&quot;, and the intriguing sequel to &quot;Take A  Bow&quot;, &quot;You'll See.&quot; Don't miss this madonna masterpiece!
0316152196|5.0|Just when I thought I was figuring this book out, Connelly throws you through a loop.
6300214753|5.0|This movie is such a classic.  It did have its problems with all movies, but the charchter of Ferris is what makes the movie.  Ed Rooney did give an oscar worthy job, but the best people are never recognized for their work.
B000002WE9|5.0|This 1974 concert is one of my favorite Elvis recordings.  &quot;Lawdy Miss Clawdy&quot; and the magnificent &quot;Why Me Lord&quot; are worth the price of the album alone.  Never have I heard Elvis' voice in such fine  form.  A staple in any Elvis fans' collection.
6303430570|4.0|i saw clerks and thought someone ought to speak an intelligent view about the film.  with a budget of only 30,000 (give or take a little) kevin smith skillfully creates a plot that happens around the motionless existence of a  jersey convience store. its not gross or even vulgar, its real.  people do  say things about sex, and as shocking as that may sound, sometimes they  even get graphic. it should also be noted that kevin smith's message in the  movie, is that only acceptence of such events like people discussing their  sexual past, can lead to true understanding. when you try to hide, your  girlfriend winds up having sex with a dead guy in the bathroom of the local  7-11. and in a secondary note, randle is the second coolest character ever  (banky edwards, of chasing amy, is the first).
6304913176|5.0|Two famous names, titans of their occupation, work together to provide the public with the most spectacular sci-fi adventure since Star Wars.  Heinlein's epic talent has given us a vision of how gruesome war really is.   Verhoven has used talent actors and EXTREME special effects to relay this  image of war into our minds.  The effects of war haven't been shown this  vividly since Born on the Fourth of July.  5 Stars, for excellance both on  the screen and in the mind.
6305262063|5.0|Brings a little spy-action thriller to a world that has been lacking it for a couple of years now.  Someone has finally come up with a decent post cold war plot that is not too stereotypical in nature.  Well Done!!!!!!
6305265488|5.0|This is a movie I have seen with my daughter and will in the future see it time and again with my grand-daughters.  It is timeless, romantic, funny, and all this with a human twist. It makes a person believe in dreams again.
B000005ILF|5.0|As always, Sting manages to speak right to my heart with this recording.  I am a die-hard Sting fan. I buy everything he puts out and 'Mercury' has been att the top of my list since its release.  Whenever I am feeling down  or lonely, Sting is there to comfort me.  'You Still Touch Me' touches me  and takes me right to that place in my heart where the memories lurk.   'Pilot' gives me the encouragement I need.  'La Belle' makes me smile.  'Brought to My Senses' brings me to my own. Sting has been with me for many  years and has never disappointed me. This is the one I keep in my car and  one at home to have Sting with me always!
B000001FKY|5.0|Hysteria is the most successful album in the 80's and remains a rock classic
B000002HH9|4.0|Yes, this one sounds awful familiar.  But Cureheads who insist that the band return to 1980-83 (Pornography &amp; Faith era) are caught in a bit of a time warp.  What makes the Cure infinitely enjoyable is their ability to  always reinvent themselves.  From poppish, dry punk (Boys Don't cry,  Seventeen Seconds) to heavy, murky gloom-rock (Faith, Pornography...my  least favorite period) to an unabashedly quirky and catchy pop group (Head  on the Door, Kiss Me, Kiss Me, Kiss Me) to Arena rock (Disentegration) to  psychadelic throwback (Wish and Wild Mood Swings).  And I would actually  argue that the Cure, in certain respects, have gotten better.  No, Wild  Mood Swings may not be Seventeen Seconds (my favorite Cure record), but  their songwriting has reached a new level (just listen to Jupiter Crash).   The Cure have become, for me, a classic &quot;chill out&quot; band.  I'll  put on Wish, Disentegration, Wild Mood Swings when I simply wish to flop in  an armchair and pour a glass of wine.  Their music, like Van Morrison (I  know, I know, odd comparison), always soothes me.  Don't know why.
0385493800|3.0|One has to admire a writer who will veer away from the usual topics explored in his or her writing and tackle a new arena.  And, in this regard, Mr.Grisham is to be applauded.  Gone, is his typical disenchanted  lawyer working for a big corporate firm who, in the end, leaves his high  paying career frustrated over the legal system.  Instead, Mr. Grisham  presents us with a Brazilian adventure and while a lawyer is at the center  of this novel, his characteristics are largely different than previous  Grisham lawyers.  The novel begins strongly with Troy Phelan, one of (if  not the most) the richest men in the world preparing his last will and  testament before his death which his children anxiously await the  inheritance.  However, a surprise for Mr. Phelan's family transpires and  the novel now takes on a Brazilian adventure in search of Rachel Lane, a  missionary who has devoted her life to God.  Here is where the novel  faulters.  The journey to Brazil is long, tedious to read and holds little  interest.  For over 250 pages, Mr. Grisham rambles endlessly and, because  this is new territory for him, his writing suffers.  Yet, when the  adventure concludes and we are back in the courtroom, &quot;The  Testament&quot; once again comes alive.  And although we have a lawyer,  Nate O'Reily, who is tired of practicing law - more for his own demons  rather than the injustice of the judiciary system, he is cut from a  different mold than other Grisham lawyers and, in the end, he chooses  something similiar, yet different than other Grisham attorney's.  &quot;The  Testament is a decent read in which spirituality and the faith in God are  explored.  I hope Mr. Grisham continues to tackle new ideas in the future  and, as he becomes more experienced in writing out his realm, one can  anticipate more expierenced, intelligent writing.
B000002JR8|5.0|I've always heard about Pantera from friends, but I never gotinto buying their CDs.  Well 2 weeks ago, I got this CD and was blownaway by the pure power it holds.  To me, it's like old Metallica with an awsome make-over.  With Vinnie's awsome drumming, to Dimebag's superb guitar works, to Phil's good vocals, you've got yourself a masterpiece album.  After hearing it, I bought the other CDs they released and am glad I did.  For anyone who likes Metal Music, I recommend anything Pantera has released.  They're an awsome band who has made their own identity, unlike otherbands out there today.
0783226551|2.0|Scorsese's remake of &quot;Cape Fear&quot; was just a poor excuse to put Robert DeNiro in a horror film.  Even though the camera is excellent (as usual), the acting is simply atrocious.  Nick Nolte gives one of the worst  acting performances in the history of film, and only Steven Spielberg (who  produced this ball of yarn) could've talked Scorsese into this mess.
B000002UAR|5.0|On the fifth day Christ was born, on the sixth day the Beatles released Revolver, which soon changed everything.
B000001EGA|5.0|Usually when you purchase an album, cassette or cd, you expect to have a couple of tracks that you're not crazy about. But there's not a dud on this title!! Every song is wonderful, just **try** and pick a favorite! This far  outshines &quot;Yellow Brick Road&quot; in that the whole album tells a  story of two incredibly talented people who happened to find each other.  That is a miracle in itself...
B000002H70|5.0|When you listen to this album, it unfolds your soul and lets you breath.  You believe in things that you once thought were untrue and then it happens.  You become addicted to every song for it seems so personal.  This  album is a compilation of emotions that spill over into territory that we  almost never get the chance to fully experience.  Every song from begining  to end is without flaw and the more you listen the more you hear.  This is  the one album I can not live without.
B000001EG6|5.0|When I first heard this album, I could not believe it was from the same guy who did &quot;Crocodile Rock.&quot; The range of emotions on this cd are incredible. &quot;The Greatest Discovery&quot; never fails to make me  cry. &quot;First Episode...&quot; and &quot;I Need You to Turn To&quot;  always bring tears and wishes that someone could love me like that. I fell  in love with Elton and Bernie through this album more than 20 years ago.  &quot;Sixty Years On&quot; is one of my all-time favorites. I have  purchased several copies of this title through the years. I just keep  coming back to it and am amazed each time at the emotion that these songs  can conjure up.
B000002HRE|2.0|Well, Metallica and Bob Rock have done it again - the sound of this album is incredible, it's just too bad the songs aren't of equal quality.  &quot;Fuel&quot; and &quot;Devil's Dance&quot; do have the energy and  toughness that hearken back to Metallica's glory days when they were a  relative unknown, worshipped by an army of unwavering fans who found the  band by word of moutch and bootleg tapes of their scorching live  performances.  Much has changed and so has the music (no small thanks to  MTV - the exploiters of all good things musical, and some not so),  thankfully Metallica hasn't resorted to the AC/DC-Judas Priest tactic of  pumping out the same songs redressed every couple of years.  The fact that  they have been able to vary their sound and stay successful is a tribute to  their talent.  However, ReLoad and Load will sit on the shelf gathering  dust while I listen to Master of Puppets.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill's debut is off the hook.  Slammin.   Few singers can communicate emotion so effectively, even with a single note.  You really are a gem, baby girl.
B00000DR52|5.0|This soundtrack is of the best I have ever heard. Created by Ryuichi Sakamoto, David Byrne (I) and Cong Su, it takes us to the time of the Imperial Chinese, the Conflict with the Republic and the ending we all  know.  Winner of the Academy Award Oscar in the cateogory of Best Music,  Original Score. A must have!!!
B000001FVL|5.0|This album has the sound of typical early 1980s music, but stands out in a way.  The lyrics are reminiscent of a &quot;Blade Runner&quot; type of existence.  Overall, it is hard to pick a favorite song, but I like Living  in the Plastic Age and Astroboy.  Johnny on the Monorail has a train sound  that you would expect if it were a high-tech train.  Clean, Clean has a  part in which the instruments take on a carnival sound.  What I like best  in this album is the way Horn and Downes voices were manipulated to create  a hollow-subdued tone (Listen for this sound in Video Killed the Radio  Star).  One rarely hears this feature in music.
0792151712|2.0|Yes, the Special effects of 'Titanic' were pretty good, and the acting, in particular by Kate Winslet was ok too. But the fictional romance was absolutely not necessary for the movie. There are a lot of scenes noone  would mind to be cut... if 'Titanic' would have been shorter it might have  been better. Also, I don't know how others feel, but I find it sick of the  people in Hollywood that they try to make money of such a sad thing like  the sinking of the Titanic.
B000002C25|2.0|This album is a bloated, boring mess.  The songs are overlong and overloud--they remind me more of Meatloaf than anything else.  I can't believe this is the same band that created the brilliant &quot;(What's the  Story) Morning Glory&quot;....Avoid this ridiculous album at all costs.
B00000BKDV|5.0|It was one of the middle Maiden albums I bought about eight years ago and it still holds my favorite song, &quot;Revelations&quot;. On top of that it has &quot;Flight of Icarus&quot;, &quot;Die with your Boots On&quot;, and  anthor favorite &quot;Still Life&quot;. What more would any Iron Maiden fan  want. It holds true to the Steve Harris standard of history with the  excellent riffs and Nicko on some banging drums with only vocals that can  be done by Bruce.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I loved this CD the first time I heard it, and each time I listen to it something new strikes me. No, it's not the same as Jagged Little Pill, but it's just as raw and honest.
B000002J1C|5.0|The other reviews here have it absolutely right--this is an infant prog band which decides it wants to rock. Hard. If there is a more compelling guitar piece in contemporary music than Yours is No Disgrace, I've not  heard it. Steve Howe simply dazzles on this gem. Add a couple of Yes  classics, like All Good People and Starship Trooper, and you've got an  album full of music to which today's popular &quot;musicians&quot; couldn't  even begin to aspire. This one will not disappoint.
B0000025RI|5.0|While many people doubt that this is the greastest selling album of all time, 40 million people can not be wrong. Jackson has had some tough times because of the scandal, his weddings, and all; but his music is good.  &quot;Thriller&quot; is Jackson at his best! Jackson, along with  &quot;Thriller&quot;, and &quot;Bad&quot;, also did exceptoional work on  Free Will, and &quot;We are the World&quot;. If we all stoped and listened  to the words of &quot;We are the World&quot;, we all would be in a much  better place.
6303965415|5.0|The somber tone that Jane Austen intended for this story is superbly played out on the screen.  You can actually feel the weight on Anne's heart as she becomes aware of Wentworth's change of circumstance and quietly  observes his growing attachment to Louisa.  I applaud Amanda Root's  portrayal of such an intricate character!
B00000255F|5.0|On Born to Run, Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band put forth more than music.  They threw a party.  It contains all of the elements of a great bash.  You have men and women getting together, you have guys being  guys, you have elation and trajedy. Bruce Springsteen is the best scribe my  life has seen.  Combining his prose with the seamless musical execution of  Clarence's sax and Roy Bittain's piano, it is therapy for the mind.  It  takes me to the places I want to go.  I have listened to this record  hundreds of times and pull different meanings from the words each time I  hear it. Bruce - your my Elvis
6304383827|2.0|This version follows the novel more closely than the A&amp;E version, but it lacks depth.  The humor is almost campy at times.  It seems they were so concerned with following the novel exactly that they forgot about quality.   The scene catching butterflies is particularly bad.  I guess we should  leave Jane Austen novels to the Brits to get a realistic portrayal.
1573225517|4.0|But I liked it. It's worth reading, well written, gritty and depressing, funny sometimes, full of mental conflict and  music I've never heard of... maybe Hornby tried a little to hard to be kool (and I no how to spell it  the write way) and I hate the main character so much I cringe and spit on  the pages. Sometimes the most enjoyable books have the most annoying  narrators, but praising Hornby is probably just encouraging him to stay on  the limiting guy-writing train that is so shallow you feel deeply about it.  Everytime I finish books like these I make a new vow of celibacy, but I  don't know how long that'll last. It's a big paradox. The narrator's  whining is highly attractive (KICK MYSELF NOW!)
6304346107|5.0|Although this version doesn't follow the novel as closely as the other, the storyline is much better and the actors are much more in character.  I actually liked this movie better than the book!
B000002N2Z|5.0|This album is much better than their first. although there first album was good, this album shows that the deftones have really learned some things. This is one of favorite CD's. definitly worth giving it a try. you will  enjoy it.
6305263248|1.0|i was hyped to see this movie, but that all left me in a matter of mins. i was bord threw the whole thing. only thing i can say good about it was &quot;its shot on location!&quot;
0312853238|5.0|I have read Ender's Game around eight times now, I have bought four copies (I give them away), and every time I enjoy it more. To me, this is not science fiction, because it isn't fiction. The situations are unreal, but  the emotions, conflicts, and interactions are all real. I have felt  everything Ender feels, the fear, hope, desperation. And I have always  finished it with a feeling of expectation and faith in the future.
B000003JAB|4.0|I have missed this album, ever since my 33 died in a flood. It is best enjoyed when you're down and overwhelmed, because the incredible guitar work expresses your soul so well. Its downright haunting; especially Bridge  of Sighs. After 20 years, this remains one of my favorite albums, where I  enjoy EVERY SONG.
B000002MZ9|5.0|When I first heard &quot;Downtown&quot;, I knew I had to own this CD. I also like &quot;Peace And Love&quot;, &quot;Throw Your Hatred Down&quot;, &quot;Act Of Love&quot;, and &quot;Big Green Country&quot;. Neil (along  with Pearl Jam) sound great. Sounds like they were enjoying themselves,  too. This CD is worth 10 stars in my book. Worth playing over and over  again. Neil Young never disappoints, he always leaves you wanting more.  Rock on Neil! LONG MAY YOU ROCK!!!
B000006NPY|4.0|Before Adore came out I heard not too good reviews of it. But being a true Pumpkins fan I ignored these and bought it. To be honest I couldn't be more pleased. This is definately their most experimental album, but you can tell  they are maturing as musicians. Adore has true Pumpkins style-songs that  rock and ones that are mellow and everything in between. My advice to you  is to ignore any bad reviews and give Adore a chance.Once you listen to it  1 time the whole way through I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
B000002NJS|5.0|No other Madonna album will let you feel the way you will feel when you listen to it. It was one of the best of the year and still amazes me after being out for a year now!!!
0880794968|4.0|Mary Hanson-Roberts has taken the line art from the original Rider-Waite deck and inserted her own tone gradations in more attractive watercolors.  If you're interested in tarot history, but want something more visually  attractive, this is it.  <br />Unfortunately, the line art from the orginal  remains.  If you take a close look at the pen drawings, you may realize  that Colamn Smith simply wasn't a very good artist.  The figures' faces all  seem to be male, and the proportions are terrible.  <br />In short, a  historically important deck made aesthetically more appealing by Mary  Hanson-Roberts' reworking.  Get it simply for the reason that all the books  refer to the RW tarot.  I myself use the New Palladini for actual readings.
B000002URV|5.0|Do as the voice of enigma says - turn off the lights and relax .. and enjoy. It is an excellent album.
B000006OAM|5.0|I'm sorry that some don't appreciate her music. That's fine with me, less people between her and me at the concert! This album is beautiful. She's both a brilliant poet and an intensely deep and touching musician. These  tracks are not autobiographical, in fact &quot;thank you&quot; is not  written to her fans. You'll have to listen to appreciate this album, and if  you do - you'll be touched by her strength and her spirit.
0780020685|4.0|...Great.  If you like westerns such as The Good the Bad and the Ugly, or Once Upon a Time in the West.  Or maybe your obsessed with Bushido Blade.  In any case, if you can look past the subtitles and culture shock, you will  find an excellent film about 7 diverse samurai.
B00000ADG2|5.0|This is one of the BEST albums ever!  Lauryn's talent is truly unmatched.  She is righteous and represents purity, without being &quot;preachy&quot;.  She is a skilled lyricist/vocalist and I look forward to more of her  artistry in the future.
B000002MUQ|3.0|I enjoyed this outing. Let's face it, this is the last Van Hagar CD you're going to get.  The lyrics are no worse than any previous VH Albums, and there are some nice textures and mood pieces that I don't recall in any of  their earlier stuff.  Though it's clear that Eddie is having himself a  pity-party at times, this has enough juice to include in the O'l  collection.
6305090564|4.0|It wasn't very original. It was too much like the Aliens movies with cheaper graphics. It also didn't end very well if you can call that an ending. But because I liked the movie Aliens and Famke in this movie, I  think it was fun to watch.
6303972810|5.0|This is the best movie of this genre i have ever seen.  The main reason is the human (can I say that about Nelwyns(sp?) qualities of the two main characters, Madmartigan and Willow.  They are such diverse souls, the rogue  and the quiet family man.  Yet they encounter such wonders and deal with  them together while learning a mutual respect for each other.  Also, the  villains are unique and much more rounded than you see in many movies of  this type. The most endearing thing about this movie is the humor.  The  movie is not afraid to poke gentle humor at itself and the actors get into  this spirit nicely.
079073639X|2.0|Not even the acting of Clemens, Stone and Hoffman could save this film. It was too frustrating to watch even after finding out towards the end what it meant. They might as well have all been stoned which would have made more  sense about all those hallucinations.
0440214041|4.0|Overall, I thought that the Pelican Brief was a good, quick read that kept you interested until the end of the book. However, if you look very closely at the plot, you will see that there are a lot of unbelievable elements in  it. Would a young law student's opinion really matter to top government  officials? And could that same young law student elude experienced  assassins and FBI agents? Overall, I would say that the Pelican Brief is  successful in its attempt to capture a reader's attention but misses the  mark slightly in accuracy and reality.
0451191153|5.0|Rand's characters are critisized for being too static, and it is true, they are static, but purposely so.  If all the characters in the novel went around contridicting themselves in all there actions, then the whole point  of Rand's books would be loss.  Roark can't be dynamic because he  encompasses an ideal.  If he contradicted the ideal, he would not be Rand's  hero of the novel.  I would also like to add that just because a novel is  plain stated does not mean it is intellectually inferior to so called  complicated novels.  The whole philosophy is plain stated because it has to  be in order not to contradict the philosophy.  Any one who makes the above  argument is intellectual inferior.
0780622545|4.0|A visually stunning and deeply philosophical movie that keeps you guessing about the true nature of its own comic-book-style reality right up until the end. The characters and world are deeper and more subtle than they  appear on the first viewing, so watch the movie more than once! Two faults:  The opening &quot;spoiler&quot; narration, which was forced upon the  screenwriters by their bosses who believed the audience too stupid to  understand the first half of the movie without it, and the overdone  climactic scene where the whole mood of the movie changes into an  Arnold-Swarzenneger-style blow-things-up-for-no-reason type battle. This  also seems grafted onto the rest of the movie artificially. Fortunately,  the plot recovers from that stupid scene and returns to a fantastic and  optimistic ending more in line with the theme and mood of the movie. NOTE:  This is NOT a pessimistic, depressing movie as the theatrical trailer  suggests! To the contrary, it is a very inspiring tale of the human spirit  overcoming darkness. The script, woven artfully out of American idioms and  cliches from many historical eras, is also wonderfully laced with  understated humor. This movie won't appeal to everyone, but those who like  it will LOVE it.
B000000WHX|5.0|I bought this CD a few days ago, listened to it and decided to take it back. &quot;It's allright&quot;, I thought, but I couldn't understand why people considered it so groundbreaking. A few days later I thought I'd give  it another try. Man, am I glad I did. What a revelation! I just bought  &quot;Mezzanine&quot;, and although it's quite different from &quot;Blue  Lines&quot; and very dark, it too is a total masterpiece.
0790733226|4.0|This movie has disappointed many a sci-fi fan expecting to meet some aliens. So be warned: no little green men (or big purple women)! But if you want to think about and imagine what it might really be like if we made  first contact with an extraterrestrial intelligence today, you'll LOVE this  movie. I read Carl Sagan's book, and thought the movie was much better--the  movie had less fire-and-brimstone-style anti-religion preaching, and more  of a thoughtful, focused, storyline. (Plus of course the obligatory  hollywood-style romance.) If you want space ships and laser guns, skip this  one. But if you want Earth-bound drama and edge-of-your-seat suspense,  don't miss it.
0375408266|4.0|Once I started reading, I could not put it down.  The author describes the complex relationship between Michael and Hanna in such a way you can almost tell what they are thinking and why.  A different book that makes you think  for a long time after you have finished it.
6304675348|2.0|This is a pretty annoying movie.  I admit, once in awhile it startles you a bit, and sometimes it's even vaguely funny.  But it's really nearly impossible to get past the oh-so-hip &quot;look at us; we're spoofing  horror films&quot; attitude which is amply in evidence throughout.  It's  not a total waste of time, but that doesn't mean it's worth seeing.  And  really, the best way to see it is on Friday night in a theatre with a bunch  of screaming high school kids.  THAT'S certainly an interesting cultural  experience.  And...be sure to avoid the sequel like a cholera epidemic.
6305265488|5.0|This was such a great movie!! I liked the spin they put on it. Cinderella wasn't like a damsel in distress, she could take care of herself. I thought it was funny also. What a great movie to watch! I loved it!!!!!!!
0783225784|5.0|Awesome
0767811046|5.0|Nowadays when most of the well financed directors haven't too much to say and the Others were silenced by the lack of funds, it's a blessed miracle  that real masters of the Art, like Paul Verhoeven can still  create and  expose their masterpieces. No, this apears not to be for anyone! Some of  the comments made by viewers confirm that. Another case of &quot;pearls  before swains&quot; syndrome? Or, maybe &quot;bad propaganda&quot; against  Hollywood intruders, who might polute the uniform, brainwashed and  braiwashing &quot;credo&quot; of the Holly Capital of the Movie, with a  new, dangerous spirit. Judging by some of the reactions one might think so.  But,it might just be the swains... Luckly for me, I guess, I've missed the  book... and watching the movie (for the first time on the TV, and having  missed the very begining ) I didn't know it was a Verhoeven movie, so the  bias was zero.I thought it was a Lucas or Spielberg movie, but then, again  it had a different vibration and intensity! It was, same as in other Paul's  movies, like if the Director is making love to the Viewer, through the  actors and the action on the screen. Real Art and it's express through Love  and an outstanding mastering of the meanings of the Trade.To me,this movie  is a masterpiece, together with a few selected other &quot;stars&quot; and  &quot;encounters&quot;. An experience, like hearing Hendrix or Led Zep for  the first time, in their own times...acts of love. Specially when coming  from a Director who's a novice in the SF. And here is the catch: when you  are so good to be able to create landmarks in a variety of  &quot;genres&quot;, than you become dangerous. Because people start paying  a different kind of attention to what you have to say, start thinking,  start getting ideeas.And you become their Teacher. Pro or anti-nazi?  The message it's much more universal and broader. But remaining  on Earth I though of anything from the Roman legions to our brainwashed  kids and up to &quot;the bug&quot; present among<br />us.The one that the  present weapons (medicines) cannot distroy. Propaganda? There is  none! The only allegory consist in the fact that the Enemy isn't located on  a faraway planet, but is omnipresent among us. And if our children want  this Blue Planet to stand a chance, they WILL HAVE NO CHOICE, but fighting  and hopefully destroying the Enemy who killed their loved ones. This was  the message to me. As human, real and vibrant as it comes. Thank you one  more time Paul. And I'm sure that among those who didn't understand are  quite a few who got the message like a bulett, and their reaction is a pure expression of their inconfortability...or fear. The rest of us? Festivelly  enjoyed it and thanked God one more time, that we're not with the Bugs...
B000002U82|5.0|This has to be the best of all times.  15 years on the top of the charts.. it's as original now as it was then.  I actually wore out 3 albums when vinyl was the only thing around.  True Floyd fans or purists should get the  Gold CD.
0399230033|5.0|My sister sent this book when my son was only a month old, and he has been read the book almost every day in the subsequent 15 months.  With very few words, but the most expressive illustrations, this book tells the story of  a naughty gorilla who frees all of the animals in the zoo and leads them  into the zookeeper's house and bedroom. <br />Simple as it is, the book  provides lots to talk about--the names of the animals as they join the line  to the zookeeper's house, the little mouse with the banana, the toys in the  animals' cages, the surprise of the zookeeper's wife when she realizes the  animals have bunked down in her bedroom.  (You almost get the feeling this  is not the first time this has happened.) The little touches are wonderful,  my favorite being the peeled and eaten banana  at the end, after the little  mouse totes it around throughout the book. <br />This is my favorite book of  my son's and I believe he understands the humor of it. He's now climbing  the stairs and I can get him up to his room by promising we'll read  &quot;Goodnight, Gorilla.&quot;
0783229569|5.0|It sure doesn't! For anyone who has ever vowed a drug-free life, but wants to know what they feel like, &quot;Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas&quot; is for you! The extreme camera angles, the blurred, intense pace, and the  trippy (and actually, humorous) naration by our &quot;hero&quot; Raoul Duke  make this movie an unforgettable experience. Yes, it't true, the plot is a  little hard to follow, and the characters are hard to sympathize with, but  that's what makes the movie such a head rush. You see Raoul Duke and his  lawyer, the frightening Dr. Gonzo, as they inhale, inject, and smoke what  seems like every drug known to man into their bodies.        Probably the  best thing about this movie is how unpredictable it is. You don't know what  these two druggies are going to do next, and that fact has you on the edge  of your seat, frightened more than a person on an acid trip. &quot;Fear and  Loathing...&quot; Is one wild ride.
B0000057C5|5.0|i never thought music that i cant understand could be so good!!!!!!
B000002KH3|5.0|This album after over 20 years still remains as one of the best ever produced.  I have every Van Halen album made, and this one still is my favorite.  There is not a bad song on this whole album.  I just wish that  Eddie and the boys could find that cutting edge sound again that made them  the number one rock band of the 80's.  If you don't already have this  album, definately pick  this one up so you can hear what Van Halen and good  rock n roll truly sounds like.
B000002OMN|5.0|Everyone I know that's heard this CD has either loved or hated it, but they always remember it!  Meat blows everyone away with his huge style.  You sing along with &quot;I'd Do Anything for Love&quot;, &quot;Rock and  Roll Dreams&quot;, and &quot;Objects in the Rear View Mirror&quot;, cringe  at &quot;Wasted Youth&quot;, and defy the world with &quot;Everything  Louder than Everything Else&quot;.  Meat's voice has matured over the  years, and he sounds better than he did in his first &quot;Bat&quot;  albumn.  This CD is not for the faint of heart!
0790740443|4.0|I've loved everything Kurt Russell has done since Escape from New York,however this story seems rather one-dimensional. You can pretty much predict the following scenes way before they happen,as well as the  ending,due to following old formulas that have worked well in the past for  less demanding audiences. Action being of paramount importance,this  production delivers,meeting all expectations. Special effects,while not top  notch,are only marginally below what might be expected for a high budget  si-fi. Emotional behaviors of men trained exclusively for war are well  conveyed throughout,but may miss the mark for those not exposed to the  rigors of diversity. The DVD version has both widescreen and standard  formats,something that should be included on all discs. Well worth the  price of admission.
0783113943|5.0|I own this movie. From the very first time I saw GIA, I fell in love with every part of it. Angelina Jolie's performance is absolutely flawless. If you havn't seen it, you don't know what you're missing!
6305041156|3.0|I highly recommend watching this incredible motion picture,however be prepared for poor translation to DVD. There is no digital compensation an soundtrack emulation is miminal. No effort was taken to enchance or even  capture faithfully the original masterpiece. Kurosawa would never have  agreed to this graphic travesty. That being said,the production is bested  by none, though &quot;Kagemusha&quot; comes very close. If you can tolerate  the graphics,it is still a must,unless there is hope of a superior video  translation.
B000002GJS|5.0|Waking Up The Neighbors does just that.  Adams has created one of the best collection of songs in the industry.  Everything I Do is the main feature of this soundtrack, a former #1 hit.
B000002H2H|5.0|METALLICA are some of the worlds greatest musicians.They have inspired myself to play and learn everything about the guitar and this album truly shows their creative side at it's utmost best! I would give it 10 1/2  stars!!!
0385493800|5.0|Greed and money. Fighting for money power. The depth of the personalities portrayed is true to human characteristics.Maybe a few readers will survey their lives to see if they fit any of the catagories. I thought the mental  trip to Brazil was rich, and would suggest this book find a place on  everyone's bookshelf. I plan to lend this book to all that will read it.
B000002JKA|5.0|INTENSE!  You will find no better musicians anywhere.  I don't always like the vocals... but man can these guy's play!!  If your into progressive music, look no further.  This is the best cd out there period.
0792833236|5.0|Raging Bull is the film based on the autobiography by formermiddle-weight champion Jake La Motta.  Jake La Motta is a visiousfighter who was renowned for his powerful punches, which gave him the name &quot;The Raging Bull&quot;. He is also a very jealous man who often assumes that his wife is having affaires with several men. This makes him an angry violent man which costs him the love of his wife and his brother. Robert De Niro plays the part of La Motta with sheer excellence and Joe Pesci as his brother is just as good.This is simply one of the best films money can buy. Get it and watch it again and again. A KNOCK OUT.
B000002MY3|5.0|Every song on this album is awesome! With number one songs like: &quot;You Oughta Know&quot;, &quot;Hand in my Pocket&quot;, &quot;Ironic&quot;, &quot;You Learn&quot;, and &quot;Head Over Feet&quot;, this ablum is the  best album by far. Alanis has sold almost 30 million copies of this album,  which is more than any other artist has ever done. I love Alanis Morissette  and everyone should own a copy of this cd. You won't be disappointed with  this cd.
B000002IST|2.0|It's not hard to see why the boys put 'Fading Lights' as the last track of the album. It's like Queen did with 'The show Must Go On' on Innuendo. It is their coda. If only they could have put as much into the rest of the  album, it would have been their best post-Gabriel.  The first half is  tolerable. The second half is saved only by 'Living Forever' and  &quot;Fading Lights', possibly one of their best collaberative songs. It  seems the rest of the songs were left overs from Phils divorce days or they  wouldn't fit on his 'But Seriously...'  Don't get me wrong. I am a HUUUUGE  Genesis fan. The first time I heard 'I Can't Dance', I had never been so  excited about a Genesis release. Maybe as time goes by, I will learn to  appreciate this album more. But I just can't seem to help myself from using  that auto-select button on my cd player.
B000006OAM|5.0|This CD reveals Natalie in all of her glory, exposing her as the truly gifted and remarkable talent she is.  Every word is to be savored as a gift from a very wise and insightful soul.  In addition to the mind-blowing  lyrics and haunting melodies, her impenetrable voice is at once soothing  and ethereal.  This CD has gone beyond any possible expectations, and will  surely stand as a classic for all times. This is nothing less than pure  perfection!  Thank you, Natalie, for sharing your gift of enlightment!
B000000OTY|5.0|I was lucky enough to catch this tour in London at Earl's Court in '93. I almost quit going to concerts. There was no way ANYBODY could match that show. If you didn't give this cd 5 stars, then you obviously have never  been witness to a Peter Gabriel show. See him if you get the chance. Then  come back and apologize for reviewing a perfect album as an imperfect and  unknowing person.       You will be forgiven.
630518299X|5.0|i watched this movie twice in the cinema and i loved every bit. this is the most spectacular film i have ever seen jim carrey at his very best Brilliant,Amazing, What has not been said
B000002OVJ|5.0|GREAT CONCERT WITH GREAT TRACKS! A MUST FOR EVERY WHO FA
B00000DHZJ|5.0|This is by far the best Hendrix cd that is on the market. On it you will find all of his best stuff. If you were only to buy one Hendrix cd, this needs to be it. This is truly one of my favorite cd's of all time!
6305265666|5.0|An excellent movie! The photography is lush, the locations and costumes are exquisite and at last there is a strong female lead in an action adventure. As the parent of a seven year old daughter, I am always looking  for movies with intelligent, assertive female leads in movies that will  keep a child's attention.This film has it all.Drew Barrymore and the rest  of the cast are sublime. Highly reccommended !
6302732778|5.0|If you haven't  seen it I envy you because everything will be new to you and you will feel the feelings and reactions that the director and actors intended you to feel. My only regret about watching it so many times is  that now when I watch Blade Runner I can't feel the feelings that I had the  first time I saw it. I remember my anxiety during the chase in the building  and the awe of Roy's last words.
B000000OSW|5.0|This is the album when my friends finally understood what I have understood for nearly 30 years. Peter Gabriel is the best song writer and performer in the world.
B000002A3T|5.0|Division Bell is a good album. Although it does not have the craziness that Syd Barrett or Roger Waters approach to making music, it is still a good album. Dave Gilmour shows that he has talent in his own right. Must  for Pink Floyd fans. Very relaxing and soothing sounds along with positive  lyrics like than track, &quot; A Great Day For Freedom.
0780622642|1.0|One problem after another! STUPID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0767802659|3.0|&quot;Starship Troopers&quot; is one of the few modern movies to parody man's Need to Fight. Like &quot;Star Wars&quot; before it, the director, Paul Verhoeven,  transplanted the classic Cowboy-versus-Indian Western to  the stars. Fortunately, he dropped Heinlein's 'techno-soldier' approach in  the book (too similar to &quot;Robocop&quot;?) to focus on the lead  characters' reactions to the horror of battle. The acting is about as good  as it can be given the emphasis on action and lack of story depth. Director  Verhoeven's Futuristic parodies on current society are funny and  entertaining, as usual. Don't watch it expecting anything but  excitement  and some laughs. (Keep the little ones away from the show, though, it does  get extremely graphic in parts.)
6300271285|5.0|This is the best movie! I have watched it over 20 times! I also owen the CD. If your looking at buying the broadway one, DON'T!!!!!! Get this.   Rick Morranis is the perfect guy for the part of Seamore.EVERYONE should  get this movie.
B000002J0B|5.0|This is their last real &quot;planned&quot; album as such in which the listener can go from beginning to end without having to change the song.<br />What makes Houses Great is that it is experimental; Zep uses their  success from &quot;IV&quot; to lead listeners in a new path. #1 is a  tribute to world music, #2 is a ballad written almost completely by Jimmy,  #3 is the bread-winner, #4 is a poor effort by bonzo and jonesy to sound  like james brown and other &quot;funk&quot; artists... (note-they changed  the lyrics on this one. &quot;I wanna tell you 'bout my good thing, I ain't  disclosin' no names, but-(s)he sure is a good friend) The song was written  about the bandmate's lovers on the road. #5 (Dancing days) will always be  remembered even though it's not very good, #6 (d'yer maker-the name refers  to a really bad jamaican joke, and that's the punchline) is also an  experimental breadwinner-reggae song that went awry, #7, No Quarter was an  ode to Satan and is P/P's communion on stage as Jimmy's bow solo was  &quot;back in the day.&quot; The Ocean was written about the  &quot;ocean&quot; of fans that Robert sings to on the road, and musically  was supposed to signify the evolution of rock to reggae for the band.
0425163407|1.0|Patricia Cornwell's writing has deteriorated in direct relation to her ascending fame.  Isn't it clear by now that the character of Kay Scarpetta is essentially herself?  Does Scarpetta really function as an M.E. anymore?   The plot was as weak as the story was long winded.  With each book, the  characters lose another dimension of their personalities.  It's time to  take a break Ms. Cornwell.
6305252521|2.0|I had heard what an excellent movie this was. perhaps if I hadn't I would have enjoyed it a little more.  The Truman Show was an interesting idea, but if this was the best show of 98, then movies must have really sucked  that year. Actually, I saw much better movies in 98 so I know this is  actually just a lie.  I didn't hate the movie, but I didn't like it either.   I have been more excited by the contents of a tissue after blowing my  nose, but I threw the tissue away.  I would do the same with this movie.
6304813759|5.0|Top comedy combining from-the-belly laughs with subtle social commentary.  Played at a theatre in my small city [40,000] for an unprecedented SIX months thanks to word-of-mouth.  A must see!  The relationship between Gaz  &amp; his kid, the overweight guy [Mark Addy] and his wife, even Gaz and  his ex-wife are compelling.  I don't know how the Brits do it, but  characters who have only one line are so believable and memorable, e.g. the  clerk at the unemployment counter, having heard rumors the group is going  to strip at a club, looks up with such a look when the guy tells her he  hasn't worked and says 'That's not what I heard.'  Her only line and she  becomes a real person.  By the way, this year's sleeper is 'Little Voice'  with Michael Caine.
B000002JSJ|1.0|I'm a big Zep fan, and I'll still tell you that besides Coda, this is their worst album. The band was going through a lot of turmoil at the time and it definently shows. Robert sang from a wheel chair while Jonesy wasn't  even around half the time (notice; no keyboards on the entire album). It  was recorded in a basement in stockholm because none of the bandmembers  could go back home due to a tax loophole.<br />Anyway, stay away from this  album. Robert's voice is ragged, there are no distinctive riffs, and Jimmy  extends the only 2 halfway decent songs (Achilles and Nobody's fault but  mine) about twice as long as they should have been.<br />Notice: Robert wrote  the song &quot;nobody's fault but mine&quot; about how jimmy made him and  the other bandmates sign a deal with the devil trading their souls for  early success. He believed that his wife's near fatal accident was a result  of his pact...when his son died the next year of a mysterious virus, he  almost left the band completely. Plant sings that he was young when he did  it and didn't know better. Jonesy didn't sign the pact, but the other three  did...he was the only one not to have experienced severe trauma in his  life, and it's suspected that this is why he is left off the p/p reunion  effort.
6303832563|5.0|What an incredible movie!  And what a shame it is not available..
B000002JSN|3.0|Listen to me. If you're thinking about buying physical graffiti, I won't discourage you, but I'm an expert zeppelin and can tell you that these people really don't know what they're talking about.<br />First, let me tell  you that I am a devout zeppelin fan; I own every single one of their albums  and know more about them then 99% of the fans out there. I can honestly say  that Physical Graffiti is highly overrated.<br />At this point in their  career, Zep was going into the &quot;addiction&quot; phase; it took them 18  months to put this album out compared to the usual 9 months for others. To  compensate, the band made it appear that they had created 2x as many songs.  But oh contrare! The Rover, Houses of the Holy, Bron-Yr-Ar, The Wanton  Song, Boogie With Stu and Night Flight were all &quot;left-overs&quot; from  previous albums that they never used. (Night Flight wasn't even their song;  the Rolling Stones wrote it!)<br />Kashmir, one of the only reasons to buy  this album, was written before they got into the studio, so that leaves a  few good songs left--Ten Years Gone (which sounds like Page and Plant  material), Trampled Underfoot (which was ripped off from Stevie Wonder),  and In The Light (which they wrecked; the studio version sounds much  better).<br />You may argue that the album was successful because it sold 10  million copies. True, however, by that time, Zep had made such a name for  themselves that the fans would have bought almost anything. And because it  was a &quot;straightforward&quot; rock and roll album, it was exactly what  the fans wanted.<br />Their next album displayed a band grossly plagued by  addiction, however, because of their name, Zep went platinum before the it  even came out in stores. However, their problems were so deep that it has  only sold another million in the past 23 years that it has been on  sale.<br />So, that's how it is, and if you want to buy this album, go for it  because I'm not trying to stop you. All that I'm saying is that Zep was  beginning to grow wary because of addiction problems at the time, and put a lousy album out as a result.
B000001ZS4|5.0|this is one of the recordings that pushed me down the inevetable slipery slope of electronic music making... <br />  about 15 years, and a few synths later, I came to brose this site and read the reviews. I decided it might  be nice to listen to Equinox again and took it out of the CD rack after  more then 5 years of not hearing it.<br />  DAMN! it's good! even better then  I remembered.  Together with Zoolook this is my favorite jarre works.
B000002JSR|1.0|This album is awful; even worse than presence. Seriously, I'm not even going to waste my time reviewing it it's THAT bad. If I could give it zero stars I would.
044022425X|5.0|I  got Outlander on loan from a friend, and found myself needing the next before she got a chance to bring it to work. I went out and purchased the set of four and have reread them and loaned them out in between. Jamie has  become a part of this twenty first century nurse's life,too. I have always  loved this style of book but there are few words to really express the all  encompassing thrill of running through the heather and smelling the fresh  clean,preindustry air with these delightful and vibrant characters. They  beckon you to delve through the stones.....
B000002J1U|5.0|This album has only sold 4 million albums in the past 29 years it has been out...please, help led zep sell more! This album was bashed by the critics-especially Rolling Stone (see above) to such a degree that Zep  refused to talk to anyone in the press until 1973! And after that, in  almost every interview he did, Jimmy Page bashed Rolling Stone (Zep was  never on the cover of the magazine).<br />Anyway, Zep decides here that after  II, they do not want to be &quot;categorized&quot; as a heavy metal group  and breaks trend to put out an album in which half of the songs are  accoustic. They're good songs, but better when played in concert. That's  The Way and Tangerine are probably two of the most well-known of the  accoustic bunch for the group (besides &quot;Going to California&quot;),  but the annoying mandolin in the background only gets in the  way.<br />Immigrant song is always played on the radio, but a far superior  version can be found on BBC sessions. Celebration Day is also a quality  pure rock song that is overlooked. Out on the Tiles, a Bonham song, sucks,  pure and simple. But, the other songs make up for it, even though the  studio version of &quot;hats off to roy harper&quot; was far superior to  this one. Despite this, buy the album. There are far more good songs than  there are poor ones, and it is their most highly under-rated album. Thank  you.
0440217563|5.0|I got Outlander on loan from a friend, and found myself needing the next before she got a chance to bring it to work. I went out and purchased the set of four and have reread them and loaned them out in between. Jamie has  become a part of this twenty first century nurse's life,too. I have always  loved this style of book but there are few words to really express the all  encompassing thrill of running through the heather and smelling the fresh  clean,preindustry air with these delightful and vibrant characters. They  beckon you to delve through the stones.....
0790740443|5.0|Everyone always complains that Kurt Russel doesn't say enough in this movie but I thought it made the movie cooler. The weapons and action in this movie are really great.  The sets and special effects were also very  good. Although Paul Anderson could have had better music in the movie.
0375707972|5.0|I have noticed some of the reviews below complaining about not being able to fully empathize with the main character; that he seemed distant and shallow.  I think that that is exactly the point of this book; He himself  (the person we are &quot;hearing&quot; from) cannot express a fullness of  emotion. He experienced such a crushing sense of numbness over the whole  ordeal, with all of its past and present implications, that in writing  about it, he exhibits a detached, almost exhausted, sensiblity. <br />The part  that impacted me the most was during the trial, when Hanna says to the  judge, &quot;Well, what would you have done?&quot; .  It made me ask myself  that question. We, who have never stood in the icy snow in a flustered  panic as a church burns to the ground, should not be so quick to blame.
0767802519|5.0|I have the Professional on DVD and thought it was a really great movie. It has cool action scenes that involve whole swat teams.  This movie also has a lot of emotion. I think that this is Luc Besson's best movie in my  opinion.
0783230621|4.0|Dante's Peak is a reasonably good story, well acted with excellent special effects and Richard Snell's makeup effects are awesome. I rate the story four stars, but the transfer and sound are a full five stars. We need a  rating system here that separates the film from the DVD quality. This was  my first DTS CD and I have to agree the sound is MUCH better than Dolby  Digital.
6305014140|5.0|I don't know how many times I said &quot;OH MY GOD!&quot; while watching this movie. Great animation, good story, cool characters, and great action scenes. Highly recommended for anyone remotely interseted in anime.
6300151379|5.0|The first time I saw it, I just totally fell in love with it!!! Unfortunately my sister taped over my only copy of it!!! I WISH TO BEG:&quot;PLLLLLEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSEEEEEE&quot; re-release this  movie, it deprives everyone of one of the late Jim Henson's greatest  works!!!
6300216268|5.0|&quot;Suicidal&quot; Harold hooks up with a woman sixty years his senior. Unfazed by his love of death and obsession with dying was little-old-lady Maude. Both loved going to the funerals of complete strangers and dining in  the middle of construction sights; Maude was not bashful in helping herself  to others property, especially the automobiles she cannot drive! Most funny  are the many ways Harold scares off the blind dates his mother finds him  (the third accidentally one-ups him), his military uncle with the  pull-string &quot;arm,&quot; as well his mother herself: as Harold pretends  to dangle from a noose she ignores him in disgust, making a phone call. A  cult-classic; a guity pleasure. Not something to sleep through.
6300214753|5.0|If you like funny movies,or are a student in school, this movie rocks!! There is nothing wrong with this movie, it is down to earth but soo funny! I wish I could skip school like ferris!!
6305265666|5.0|A movie for the whole family.  Danielle is a young woman of character no matter what adversities that come at her.  Always looking for the good in any area of others  lives.  This movie is one that you won't grow tired  watching.  My family has seen it 4 times.  Drew Barrymore plays a great  Cinderalla.
630512065X|5.0|I've seen this movie ten times and I love it more each time.  The thing is, Everytime you watch it, you notice something else.  I LOVE Rum Tum Tugger, and my two favorites are Mungojerrie and Rumpleteazer, along with  Mr.  Mistoffolees and Grizzabella, but I like Bombalaurina and Jemima has a  beautiful voice... I love the whole movie.  It's so magnificent.  I'm  buying the movie soon(I've been renting it)and i'm getting the official  book, I constantly borrow my friend's old CATS book, and I can play MEMORY  on the piano, and soon many more songs from it.  I LOVE It so much.  If  you're thinking about watching it than do so, because it's so fantastic,  it'll blow your minds!  (If you know where I can get the muzic to these  songs, pleeze email me!!!)
0374266425|5.0|I love a book that really challenges you to think about our world.  This book is just such a book.  Weaving in a beautiful and mysterious plot (suiting the theme of philosophy well) Jostein Gaarder takes us on a  journey- through a fairly complete history of philosophy. READ THIS BOOK
044022425X|5.0|I was given Outlander as a retirement gift and have read the next two books so far.  Spellbinding story-lots of passion and pretty gritty descriptions of everyday life in different places and times.  It makes you  feel somehow connected with these passionate people.
6305079900|2.0|I can't believe it, this movie on DVD has the original sound that it did in 1984 - what gives?  This of all movies should be in Dolby Digital.  My advice is to keep your VHS copy.  If you don't have a VHS then you may as  well get the DVD - just don't expect any spectacular sounds
B00000FCBC|5.0|Most bands start with cover tunes, not this band.  Definitely adds spice and variety to their repetoire.  Love the Whiskey in the Jar!!!!!!
B000002WU9|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS THE PERFECT MIX OF HARD BEATS AND QUALITY LYRICS. EVERY SINGLE TRACK IS AS GOOD AS IT COULD POSSIBLY BE AND THE RZA'S PRODUCTION IS IMPECCABLE. THE GUEST RAPS ARE ALSO JUST AS GOOD AS RAEKWON'S AND THIS IS  EASILY THE BEST SOLO ALBUM THE WU-TANG HAVE PRODUCED.
B000002513|5.0|The Best of Bruce's early jazz-tinged, tumble-of-words work (my favorite period for Bruce).  My LP simply wore out playing it.  After listening to this, you will be changed forever.
0375707972|2.0|I read this book in one night. I thought that there was going to be a climax of sorts; that something amazing or unexpected would happen; nothing did. I didn't like the way the author portrayed the characters. I thought  that the beginning of The Reader was good, but I didn't enjoy the ending.
078401213X|5.0|The complication that this film depicts is the paradox of the simple nature of the universe vs. the complicated system that perceives it.<br />One viewing is not enough. Two viewings are not enough.<br />A Mind Trip with out  chemicals
B00000G28U|4.0|To be honest, this is the first Metallica album I've bought.  But throughout the years, I have heard their music either on the radio or on MTV.  All I can say is that they have matured tremendously!  Let me  explain...<br />We'll start off with Disc 2.  Disc 2 contains all the cover  songs they did back in the 80's (with the exception of &quot;Motorheadache  '95).  It also showcases Metallica at a time when they were into playing  simply loud speed metal having at least some song structure with either  little or no production at all.  And actually, I enjoyed it!  I think their  cover of Queen's &quot;Stone Cold Crazy&quot; is a standout in  particular.<br />Disc 1, on the other hand, showcases a Metallica after the  &quot;Black Album&quot; (personally I think the &quot;Black Album&quot; was  the transitional point between the &quot;old&quot; Metallica and the  &quot;new&quot; Metallica).  On this disc, Metallica has gotten away from  the speed metal of the old days (which is NOT necessarily a bad thing),  honed their chops and skills and become much of a cohesive unit (don't get  me wrong, the unity was always there).  Among the standouts on Disc 1 are  &quot;It's Electric&quot; and yes, &quot;Turn The Page&quot;.  The only  letdown is &quot;Mercyful Fate&quot;.  Personally, I would keep Disc 1 in  addition to Disc 2!<br />Cover songs or not, Metallica have shown that they  have come a long way.  To me, by comparing Disc 1 and Disc 2, I can  definitely tell that Metallica has matured both musically and artistically.  Now alot people would say that they've sold out.  In a way, they're right:  the band has sold out many concerts and albums from day one.  And I think  that's the main reason why many people are upset that they &quot;sold  out&quot; in that sense by going mainstream.  Well, SO WHAT!!! (pun  intended)
0898159156|5.0|This book gives ALOT of very good and useful information from feeding your plants all the way to the rarest sundew.  If you've ever even thought about growing carnivorous plants, you HAVE to get this book.
B000003TA4|5.0|As I'm typing this, the CD is playing on my stereo (&quot;Come As You Are&quot; to be exact).  All I can say is that Cobain and company give their all and then some!  To me, pure, raw, unadulterated emotion is what  made this CD (and the band) the phenomenon it is after all these years.  Cobain pours ounce after ounce of energy into each song with Novoselic and  Grohl playing fearlessly and ferociously behind him!  Although the band is  no longer around, they will always be remembered!
1558216847|4.0|I found this account fascinating, however, I question the validity.  Some of the details don't seem to make sense.  For instance,  would the wife of the prison camp commander really help a prisoner.  Even if the escape took  place while the camp commander was away he would still be severly punished  (maybe even end up a prisoner himself).  Also, the author does not talk  about the inhuman/unspeakable brutality of these prison camps.  The British  soldiers who found the men and the doctors who cared for them - where are  their accounts or even medical records?  So while I found the book a  engrossing adventure I am sceptical of its truthfulness.
B0000062GE|5.0|Stabbing Westward first caught my attention when I was listening to What do I have to Do?, the big single off of their second cd, Wither Blister Burn and Peel. I loved the cd and then I bought Darkest Days the day it  came out. At first I was disappointed but each time I listen to it, I like  it more. Literally every song is excellent. The title track starts out as a  collection of different instruments and keyboards all the way through to  the musical masterpiece, Waking up Beside You, which is without a doubt the  best song on the cd, closely followed by Save Yourself. All in all, this is  the best cd I've ever owned and will only be topped by their next album.
0684843749|5.0|This is the best book about bodybuilding or wieghtlifint out there!!  It gives you info. on practically anything  you would need to know and is well worth the money.
B000003TA4|5.0|This is the most important album of the 90s, and it shows through this album. I think it's safe to say: If it weren't for Nevermind, would other important bands like White Zombie, Smashing Pumpkins, Rage Against The  Machine, Hole, Marilyn Manson, KoRn etc. have caught on?
0783228457|3.0|The movie is thought provoking.  It is not boring, despite what Ebert has to say (and I generally agree with the fellah).  Uts not a date movie, and its not something you should see if you're feeling down.  Truely horror.   And it'll make you hate your T.V. (that's good, I think) . . . .
0451191153|5.0|Sure the characters are idealized that is a major  tool of fiction.  I read The Fountainhead with no knowledge of who Rand was and knew nothing of her philosophy. This book is her masterpiece. Atlas Shrugged does not try  to hide her massiah complex, and suffers for it. I could not put this book  down, I missed a day of work because I called in sick to finish it. This  book as a novel  is better than every book I have read(except old man &amp;  the sea). If you want a book that will grab hold of you and make you think,  this is it. I can see how she may have created a cult like following. It  took me a few days to adjust my thoughts back to the real world.
6300274268|5.0|Alice in Wonderland is a wonderful video for all ages! Unlike some Disney movies that can be frightening for some younger children, Alice is a great story for everyone. The Mad Hatter and the Walrus and Carpenter are great!  The poetry is timeless, too. I would highly recommend this to everyone and  anyone! Enjoy!
B0000027RL|5.0|Ten is one the greatest albums of pearl jam. For me is one of the best albums that i listen and you can play many times and you can not getting bored because it feels the wild energy inside of the songs, and Eddie  express what he has inside his mind.
B00000FCBC|5.0|I love it ! This is a great collection of what Metallica was of yesteryear, and what Metallica stands for today.   For all 'fans' that hated the LOAD sessions, this should shut them up.  The cover songs on disk  one are heavier than on their past couple of releases and even a couple of  surprizes are included (Free Speech / Die,Die My Darling). For always  HATING Segar's 'Turn the Page', this is turned into a great heavy metal  song by the group.  Great job once again ! By the way, check out the  backside photo of the METALLICATS on the CD booklet !  It shows us that  these guys have a great sense of humor !
6300263673|5.0|this movie brought back so many memories that i started quivering - the split of workers at a resort is so real - what goes on is even more real - in other words the rich and poor do not mix - but somehow in this movie the  director made it work - reality does set in - patrick is an absolute joy to  watch with his leading lady jennifer - they made it work - a must to see
B000000WF9|5.0|Michael Nyman definitely deserved an Oscar for this score.  Not only did the score work well in the movie, but it is also a great artistic achievement in it's own right.  This is a &quot;must buy.&quot;
B000003TAR|5.0|This cd blew me a way. Its hard to belive they duplicated nevermind but they did.
630529142X|5.0|To put it simply another one of Adam Sandler's movies about a dumb guy becoming a hero. I saw it twice and I loved it both times. I laughed so hard it made me cry. Now some people like this kind of comedy and some  don't. Slapstick is Slapstick. Not everyone loves the 3 stooges. Not  everyone loves Adam Sandler. But I do so I give it 5 Stars!!!
B000007RV5|3.0|A lot of songs on this CD are rocking the house like nobody's biz-itch, like STUCK, COUNTERFEIT, POLLUTION, FAITH, but there are also some otrhers that are filler and skippable.  Overall, though, it's a good buy, the CD  gets you pumped up, so buy it if you like loud, F'N guitar, screaming, and  DJ Lethal.
B0000011N5|5.0|One of my earliest memories is of my father in his post-hippie days, singing &quot;Epistle to Derrol&quot; and plucking inexpertly at his guitar for me.  I never quite figured out all the words until recently when my  parents dug up this very album in its original 2-volume LP set.  Of course,  my enjoyment of Donovan is personal, but I think there is a universal  appeal here too...an inexplicable ethos hanging between folk and the  absurd, but delightfuly so.<br />--Justin Laird Weaver  &lt;uweavj02@umail.ucsb.edu&gt;
0790733226|5.0|I loved this movie because it was an educated account on mankind's most intriguing mysteries of all: &quot;Are we alone in the universe?&quot; I was moved to see all the motivation and energy portrayed in Jodie Foster's  role as Ellie Harraway. Harraway was reminiscient of the classical  scientific hero. A character who persevered regardless of the odds from  critics, managers, government officials.. etc. It really inspired me as I  was watching the movie to see the extent through which Harraway had her  goals implanted in her head and there was NOTHING on earth to stop her. In  my opinion, the type of passion depcited by her is the mark of truly  succesful people in history such as Einstein and Edison.     I also loved  the idea that the movie was so conducive to thought.It depicted the  classical debate of science and religion... The movie helped congeal the  idea on how there are so many principle tenets in science that scientists  can not completely explain. Like religion, one needs faith to believe in  science.<br />  Finally, those who were disappointed at the ending of  &quot;Contact&quot; I think missed the point. The finale accentuated the  fact that the search for extraterrestrial life is one of the most elusive,  difficult mysteries to solve. Sure, the first reaction would probably be--  &quot;Hey! Where are the aliens?&quot; But after the movie when you ponder  about it, it was the best way to end such an enigmatic topic. The fact is  that we do not know the answer yet as it continues to be a realm which will  continue to give us surprises in our search for answers. Even when mankind  does confirm (or negate) the existence of extraterrestrials more surprises  and mysteries will spawn from those &quot;answers&quot; such as what our  role really is in the universe if life is commonplace throughout it...   This movie was absolutely excellent! I definitely recommend it to any  astronomer, aerospace engineer, or any space buff!!
B000000XB9|5.0|Creedence Clearwater Revival has exerted so much influence over modern rock music that it's not funny.  Granted, John Fogerty's guitar abilities will never be confused with the likes of Jeff Beck, Jimmy Page, Hendrix,  Clapton, or Santana, but the grittiness of the lyrics as well as the  originality of the folk-rock put forth by this quartet is truly legendary.   Add it to your collection NOW.
0792140923|2.0|Why does everyone love this movie? It must have been one of the most boring movies I have ever seen. The reason why I did not care for the movie at all was because it had no plot. There was no point to the movie at all.  The film was just about this nerdy guy running around and getting beat up  on by bullies, while being felt sorry for by everyone else. Is this the  type of film that is supposed to keep me riveted on the edge of my seat?  The only reason it got 2 stars from me is because I have respect for Tom  Hanks as an actor in better movies such as &quot;Big.&quot;
0385493800|3.0|An enjoyable read.  Still not representative of the fast pace, page-turning writing that Grisham became know for in his earlier writings.  I read the first 10 chapters of The Testament in one sitting, then the book  started to slow down,  and at times it actually bored me.  Grisham's  earlier books were captivating, enthralling, and suspenseful.  This was not  the case with The Testament, (or The Rainmaker, or Runaway Jury).  Perhaps  its too much to ask that an author's writing continue to mature over time  (like a good wine).  Am I wrong to expect for an author to live up to  his/her end of the reader-author relationship by writing from a center of  conviction, not commercialism?  Don't get me wrong, I didn't despise the  book, ( I felt totally let down with The Rainmaker, couldn't even finish  it!), it just doesn't measure up to his earlier writings (A Time To Kill,  The Firm. . . ).  But when all is said and done, . . . I'm still a  dedicated Grisham fan,  I have everything he's written and overall he's  provided a quite enjoyable reading experience.  If nothing else, The  Testament convinced me that I need to prepare a will immediately!
0780623134|2.0|This movie must have been one of the greatest snores of the decade. It just did not have any substance to it. I was hardly riveted to my seat as I was watching this. The film was very slow and there were very few parts the  I actually enjoyed. I do not know why this movie got high ratings.... but  for me, it was one of the worst in some time.
0375707972|5.0|I was shocked to learn that Oprah had recommended this novel. I read this book last year and I think of it often.  Disregard the &quot;bad&quot; reviews and check this book out!
B000001DU5|5.0|Although it seems that Tears For Fears receives little time on the radio, they have recorded several beautiful songs.  Their ability to coordinate words and music is matched by few other bands.  This collection of songs  represents their ability well.  It is amazing to read the reviews of their  work which slight their efforts.  It makes one wonder where the criticism  comes from.  Perhaps it is jealousy.  This album is a great collection from  a group that seems to have received little recognition beyond the Songs  From the Big Chair album.  This collection stirred me to listen to all  their music.  And while it is sad that Curt Smith and Roland Orzabal do not  record together anymore, their music remains a treat.
6305364613|5.0|O.K. may not be the original, but so much better! The 1996version of this movie will capture you in the new plot. Actress ClaireDanes and actor DeCaprio re-do a fine job in this movie. Younger viewers may have to see it a few times to understand the language, but older viewers will be aware from the play we all learned in high-school. The beginning of the movie will make you want to stop watching, but if you hang in there, you will feel the true emotions that Shakespear wants you to feel, though if he were alive, i don't think he would like this modern version. I love romantic tradegy, so by saying i love the unexpected, fatal ending, i am not giving much away, since everyone knows they die....but this time Juliet choses a different weapon for you to experience that i will not tell! The book is also avalaible here. It as Shakespear's real play and the now movie version in one. The two CD soundtracks for the movie are two great discs to own too. The movie tunes include: Gargage's &quot;#1 Crush&quot; and &quot;pretty piece of flesh&quot; by One Inch Punch. One final comment: The guy who plays Friar Lawrence is cool in this movie!
0790705141|5.0|I'm not going to repeat what pure genius this movie is, but as a corollary to that obvious fact, my first reaction to &quot;The Shining&quot; was how stunning the choice of music was. Most of the music in this movie was  concert music written by modern 20th century composers such as Krzysztof  Penderecki, Gorgy Ligeti, Witold Lutoslawski, etc., all of whom are  Eastern European composers, all of whom have personally witnesssed Nazi and  Soviet crimes against humanity, which has made their music desperately  haunting, as if one were looking into the abyss of human evil and despair.  Kubrick, besides being a visual genius, has an unbelievable musical sense,  and chooses the music in his movies VERY carefully. The soundtracks to his  movies (which often include music by his daughter, Abigail Mead) are just  as interesting as the films themselves. Check out the soundtracks to Full  Metal Jacket, 2001, etc.
B00000HZFH|5.0|After much harassing from a good friend, I recently bought PFNO.  It blew me away.  Keep it like a secret equals that effort.  In some ways, I wish the band would remain a secret.  This music transports you at the same time  it evokes pensive thoughts and draws out dormant emotions.  One of my  favorite lines is as follows,  &quot;I don't like this air, but that  doesn't mean I'll stop breathing it.&quot; (from &quot;Center of the  Universe&quot;) I don't quite know what it means (though I'm not sure I  want to) but I like it, which, in some ways, captures my strong feelings  for this music. Another favorite line is from &quot;Else,&quot;  &quot;You're not as smart as you require.&quot; &quot;You Were Right&quot;  is another notable song. Thanks to the band for creating such beautiful  music at a time when such things are tragically rare.
B000002LJA|5.0|This album is one of the all time classics! There will never be another \\"Back On The Block!\\" For example, when would anyone ever be able to gather together such talents as found on 'Wee Be Doin It'(Ella  Fitzgerald, Sarah Vaugh, Al Jarreau, Bobby McFerrin, Take 6 and Siedah  Garrett)again? You could never hope to find more legends than heard here.  The music is incredible! There is something for everyone. A sampling of  other artists includes; Ice T, Big Daddy Kane, Kool Moe Dee, Tevin  Campbell, Andrae Crouch, Herbie Hancock, The Brothers Johnson, Ray Charles,  Chaka Khan, Phil Perry, James Ingram, Syreeta Wright, Paul Jackson Jr,  Howard Hewitt, Jennifer Holliday, Dionne Warwick, Luther Vandross, James  Moody, Miles Davis, George Benson, Dizzy Gillespie, Gerald Albright, George  Duke, Sheila E., El DeBarge, Greg Phillinganes, Al B. Sure and Barry White.  IS THAT GREAT OR WHAT?
0385493800|4.0|In some ways, Testament seems the most thoughtful and sincere of Grisham's books that I have read.  In the second half of the book some very deep seated beliefs seem to emerge, taking on an almost mystical quality towards  the end.<br />It is clear that the author was captivated by Brazil.  His  description of the journey into the wilderness is beautifully done, and  captivates the reader with its detailed descriptions.  I did not find them  tedious or unecessary, but rather added to the flavor of the book.  He took  us there.<br />In summary, Grisham seems to be growing as a writer; growing  away from the interesting and absorbing, but nonetheless vapid, genre of  &quot;good airport reading&quot; into a novelist with something to say.  I  say, read the book, and stay tuned.
0790735172|5.0|Only Bruce Lee had the combination of all three coupled with great screen charisma. Segal, Van Damm, and Chan are pale shadows next to Lee, who had the soul of a philosopher, the mind of a visionary, and the speed and  strength of a dragon.  See this film.
6304504012|5.0|This movie is deffinately worth watching.  Madonna sings Andrew Lloyd Webber's music as it should be sung.  It has a definate plot that is very good and depicts a piece of Argentina's history very well.
0767819543|5.0|Made in a country with little tradition on cinema, Central Station is a wonderful surprise. Fernanda Montenegro's particular show... Certanly, a strong candidate to Oscar 99.
0440117658|3.0|It was ok. it was written in the usual eccentric vonnegut style, but i couldn't really get into it like I did with Bluebeard. Maybe i'm not reading into it deeply enough, i'm sure that's part of the case, but  whatever. I found the whole tumor imagery especially disturbing, but i have  to say that Rudy's playlets were hilarious.
0871137380|5.0|I originally had one intent for reading this book.  To gain some insight about what happened to a young man I had graduated high school with.  He was Delta operator Daniel Busch.  I remember vividly the friendly  proclamations between he and I.  Proclamations about who was joining the  more elite fighting force.  He was joining the Army to chase his dream of  becoming a Ranger.  I was joining the Marine Corps to prove something to  myself and everyone I knew. Dan surpassed his goal of becoming a Ranger.   He became one of the elite Delta Force operators.  I am very proud of him  and wish his family the best.       As for the review of the book...it was  simply one of the most thought provoking pieces of literature that I have  ever read.  I may be biased, but you deserve to read this.  The detail  achieved by interviewing everyone involved and then interlacing their  stories is unbelievable.  I felt I was a member of the unit on several  occasions. A feeling which I hope never becomes reality.  To every member  of the Armed Forces of America, I salute you!Gunnery SergeantDaniel  FandrichUnited States Marine Corps
0671027344|5.0|Stephen Chbosky has captured the essence of being a teenager in this book, while appealing to  the adult reader with an intelligence and insight that keeps you tantilized and unable to put the book down. The Perks of Being a  Wallflower touches on so many of the feelings and aspects of high school  that it made me feel like I was back in my own locker-filled hallways.  The  story of Charlie, though more tragic than most people's high school lives,  sucks you in as you relate with what  he is thinking and feeling at that  time in his life.   A captivating novel, and I look forward to the next  work from Mr. Chbosky.
6305291500|5.0|This is a great movie to cuddle up with your husband/wife or best friend and eat popcorn. You laugh at the movie, you cry at the movie. It's a classic!
B00000DLUV|5.0|We saw and heard &quot;One night only&quot;. We have ordered the CD and would advise anyone to order this that has a taste for quaility music. The Bee Gees have given us great pleasure with music you can listen to and  dance to!!! Their music is always at our parties for all ages to enjoy.  Those critics who don't care for this type of music try going back to  school, educate yourself to good music and manners!Keep up the good work  Bee Gees!!:)Your fans for life, Jeff &amp; Marie
0792839846|5.0|This film deserves all of the accolades heaped upon it. Quick-paced, full of unexpected plot twists, visually very rich and varied, and peppered with humor in a very-underplayed &amp; successful manner.<br />Enjoy it for the  intrigue, enjoy it as a WWII memoir, enjoy it for the humor, enjoy it for  the superb acting, enjoy it for the music, and enjoy it for the love story.  This is a film which somehow magically grows in its appeal as the viewer  grows in life's experiences. If you've never had the love affair of your  life fall through your fingers, then by all means, go do so. Then, when you  re-visit Casablanca afterwards, you'll find it speaks truthfully and  poignantly to the pains you might have from love affairs that ended too  soon.<br />The themes are wonderfully resonant with the viewer...redemption  from past mistakes, knowing when to act and when to keep your peace, and  the sacrifice of the opportunity of a lifetime (the chance to resurrect the  love of your life) for a greater good -- joining the fight against  oppression-- ...damn, what an unparalled film!<br />Not only is this a  must-see...it's a must-own! Or, so it seems to  me...<br />jfgeorge@earthlink.net
0790733226|5.0|With all the special features and the easy to use way it is laid out, I would gladly and enthusiacticly recommend this DVD to anyone.  This movie would be especially interesting to anyone who enjoys Carl Sagan, Science or  Science Fiction.  This is also a good movie for those struggling with the  separation of science and religion.  Get it!
0790740443|3.0|Well, it ain't no terminator but there is pretty good special effects and good action.  Kurt says maybe 50 words throughout the whole movie but he certainly did bulk up for the role.  Worth renting.
6304702205|1.0|Evil. I was forced to watch it in orchestra class. I have never seen a gayer movie. Some odd little man playing music and dancing! Yeeeeaaaaa!
0375707972|5.0|I sat down in the cafe at Borders last night and read this book from start to finish.  It hit me on so many levels and the translation is really good.  I highly recommend this one--much more hard-hitting than many other of  Oprah's selections (and written from a male point of view for a change!)
B00000I8DY|5.0|A sound and bright performance of this cosi. As a listener you can hear the instrumentation of the work. The tempi are quick. The singers sings with a lot of inspiration, a joy to listnen to it.
6305291446|5.0|I see almost every movie that comes out and in the horror department of 1998 HALLOWEEN H20 is the only one of the year worth seeing. Jamiel Lee Curtis is awsome, she was intense &amp; filled with emotion. What a great  job. The only thing I would have like is for about ten more minutes of the  action which the movie led up to wonderfully. This is the best since the  origional, I don't think its fair to compare them, they are both (Halloween  &amp; HALLOWEEN H20) the best of there time. I think H20 is even a little  better than Scream, which by the way was a dedication to the original  HALLOWEEN.
6305076650|4.0|No, this is _not_ the &quot;best movie ever made,&quot; but it _is_ as bizarre and depraved as you've heard.<BR> The film has a...  Unique style, and songs that are actually _good_ (understand, I usually detest musicals).   The acting is much better than you'd expect, and the story's relatively  deep.  All in all, an incredibly fun film that's worth more than a few  viewings.  None of the characters is really endearing, but you can't help  but love 'em (how could they do that to Columbia?  [sniff!])<BR> The  Special Edition adds two musical numbers:  Once in a While, and  Superheroes.  Superheroes is in the theatrical version, but Once in a While  is (thankfully) only available here.  The songs are tacked on to the end of  the film, not inserted in their places.
0790736942|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS BY FAR THE SCARIEST EVER MADE.  WILLIAM FRIEDKIN IS THE DEFINATE MASTER OF TERROR. THE STORY OF A LITTLE GIRL POSSESED BY A VERY NASTY DEMON.WATCH OUT FOR THE SPECIAL EFFECTS VERY GOOD FOR THE TIME FRAME.  ALSO PERFORMANCES BY BURSTYN AND MILLER ARE PHENOMONAL.
6304078102|4.0|This movies shows what great things ordinary people can do. Holland is very limited, but uses those limitations &amp; strengths to the best of his abilities.<br />Yet, I too have a problem with the ending. It seemed mildly  defeatist. When government's give up on the arts are we all supposed to?  That's pretty reflective of reality &amp; I think that's why there's one  voice of opposition to this film.<br />Still to discredit the good in this  film for the ending is a mistake. Also the ending reflects reality &amp;  maybe was supposed to make you say &quot;Wait a minute, if they all care  why do they nothing?&quot;.
B000002GEV|5.0|Dear all,<br />This is one of my oldest and dearest memories:<br />I remember a small child...(... I know what you're thinkin'...) I remember how he used to climb that cabinet (... See what you're seein'...)so he could reach for  the vinyl records and then (...) pick up the one with the bars floating in  the stars... I remember him listening to it on the \\"Dual\\" turntable  (standing beside me as I write this words) over and over again,  endlessly... Although the words were put a side, I remember him singing  along.  The world seemed full of music... (If everyone was listening, you  know...) That mysterious brand new record that his father had just recently  bought still exists and is also standing beside me. Although the tracks  aren't in the same condition as they once were, I still sometimes rather  prefer to listen to it than the new age CD. I enjoy waiting for those same  old jumps between the words as they were made two decades ago. Precision on  handling the turntable arm was never achieved by that time...(... Don't do  this and don't do that!!!) It all happened in 1974...  The small child was  3 years old, and always lived inside of me.<br />As time went by, other  records surged... Elton John's \\"Don't shoot me I'm only the piano player\\";  \\"Crisis! What Crisis?\\"; Dire Straits's \\"Dire Straits\\" and a few more that I  can hardly remember... By the time \\"Breakfast in America\\" and the \\"Wall\\"  were released I was about to begin high school. And when Supertramp finally  came to Portugal (one week before the Paris concerts) I had no one to tell  me that the band which had made the music of my childhood would be playing  in two live concerts in Lisbon, so I missed both concerts. And that... was  my \\"Crime of the Century\\"!<br />Between 1979 and 1985 I completely forgot  Supertramp, don't ask me why! I most often listened to Dire Straits than  anything else. I even remember the Cannonball video clip and, although I  could find it surprisingly familiar, I couldn't make any connection to my  childhood's only favourite band.<br />This black period in my Supertramp life  story ended in 1986  when I was in a summer camp lying in my bed, falling a  sleep (...dream dream dream dream dream along...), after an exhausting day.   The guys from the room next to mine were listening to some old tapes,  which I could listen through the wooden walls. And then... Magic happened!   The most familiar and intriguing,  sweetest and enchanting notes were being  played on one harmonica; then came the guitar; then the voice (I can see  you in the morning...); finally the band joined in apotheoses, awaking long  lost dreams and memories of the past... (-You're comin' along!)          I  jumped out of my bed, went into their room and started shouting:-\\"I know  that! I know that song!... What is that ?!?! Who are they ?!?!?!?!?!?\\" I  sat along and sang every song from the beginning to the end, without being  able to pronounce  a single word. I didn't know the lyrics! (They were  staring at me, speechless...)  I asked someone to describe me the cover of  the record, and one said:-\\"It's got stars all over and...\\"; \\"Two hands  gripping floating jail bars\\"- I interrupted. I borrowed his tape, which I  listened over and over again, endlessly...<br />From that day, I knew that  Supertramp would always be with me, in my life, as it had always been,  since 74. <br />Thank you SAM!<br />Lus Gouveia
0684874350|4.0|It's hard to imagine a life as difficult as one lived by Frank McCourt. The religeous commitment, the poverty, the drunkeness, and above all the squalor. I can't remember reading anything historic that recounts what life  was really like 50-60 years ago, much less living it.
6304140711|5.0|This movie ROCKS. Reese is beautiful, Mark is hot, and together they are unstoppable. Ive seen this movie a thousand times i can never get tired of it! They make the perfect acting team on this movie i cant imagine anyone  else in their places!
B000002NHN|5.0|LOREENA IS THE QUEEN OF RELAXING MUSIC THE MUMMER'S DANCE IS THE BEST TRACK BY FAR ON THE ALBUM.  IF YOU LIKE MUSIC WITH A IRISH GAELIC SORT OF FEEL YOU WILL LOVE THIS
6304119046|5.0|For Kane power is a tool that ultimately crushes him. Power is ambiguous, but it can be as harmful to the wielder as the victim.<br />As for those who say this movie is inaccessible, maybe you're trying too hard. I loved it as  a child. I thought &quot;Lonely guy, who was a sad kid&quot;. Not really  far wrong was I? The rest may it expand, but I'm not sure it really changes  it.
0684833395|5.0|If Saving Private Ryan is the greatest war movie ever made, Joseph Heller's Catch-22 is the greatest war novel ever written. It combines the horror of All Quite on the Western Front and the dry humor of a J.D.  Salinger novel. The anti-war message is all too clear in this novel. It is  not underminded like The Thin Red LIne or The Naked and the Dead, but full  in your face. The sorrowful character of Yossarian makes you hate, pity and  enjoy his company all at the same time. The assorated cast of characters  will leave your head spinning but enriched at the end.
B0000065O1|5.0|I enjoy Cindy's first video, &quot;Shape Your Body.&quot; Now that I worked out with &quot;The Next Challenge&quot; what perfect title to fit this tape. It is a challenge and effective workouts. I can't wait for her  next, next challenge video.
0784011931|5.0|JAMES CAMERON NOT ONLY HAD THE TITANIC, BUT HE CREATED THIS LITTLE BEAUTY. BY FAR THE BEST IN SPECIAL EFFECTS ENTERTAINMENT. LINDA HAMILTON DESERVED AN OSCAR FOR HER PERFORMANCE AS SARA CONNER, BUT UNFORTUNATELY SHE WAS  SNUBBED. A MUST SEE FOR SCHWARTZENEGGER FANS.
6302820448|5.0|This movies has a guy trying to get a girl, car chases, explosions, cute animals, great music, etc.<br />It also shows that if the meanings we give life are artificial they still matter. As well as the value of doing the  best with what life's given you.<br />Should be watched by all existentialists  &amp; science fiction fans too, I say. Everyone else too. You won't learn a  thing if you don't want to. Well, maybe a little.
B00000294R|5.0|When I first heard this album, I couldn't put it down. My friends would complain cause I never gave any other albums play. The tape was stolen with my truck a couple of years back. I recently went on a search to find it  again, during which I heard the horrible news that Big L had been killed.  He was one of the most lyrical MC's around and I was awaiting his next  album. Hip Hop, and the world,  has suffered yet another great loss. My  condolences go out to his family and everybody else who knew the  man.<br />R.I.P. Big L
B00000ICD9|5.0|exelent movie, all good about live things, but true love happend not very often, mybe 10% on the wold.
B000002NHN|5.0|I'm going to stray a little by saying if you buy this album and like it and are like me searching for other celtic groups to listen to, try Altan. My god hasn't anybody heard of Altan! It amazes me they're not as well  known as Loreena and dont get me wrong I like Loreena and this album. The  mummers dance, the highway man and about four others are great songs.  However I have yet to hear Enya (Though she's on the way) and know nothing  of this Calidad or Caldad(Whatever) but take it from someone who's just  started his journey through the celtic sound. I heard Loreena I liked her,  I heard Altan I liked them equally. They dont have the middle eastern flare  Loreena has but if your attracted to the celtic side of Loreena then you  wont be dissapointed with Altan either.
B000001TVD|5.0|Aside from maybe the best of Hendrix's work, &quot;Maggot Brain&quot; has to be the best ten minutes worth of guitar ever played by a human being. And it don't stop there by any means, as the songwriting on &quot;Can You  Get To That&quot; and &quot;Super Stupid&quot; for example is great. But  the true star here is Eddie, and if there was any justice in this world  HE'd be the Eddie that got all the respect.
047158651X|5.0|Covers everything with extreme detail. Especially good for classes w/ rigorous examinations. Uses concepts of physics and chemistry to provide excellent coverage of all biochemical processes.
6304618344|5.0|Nicolas Cage and John Travolta were fantastic...no near brilliant...in Face/Off.  The plot was very interesting, I have never seen anything like it before.  Cage and Travolta were truly convincing, first with Cage  playing the bad guy (I love that line in the plane...&quot;Would you be  grateful if I let you...?&quot;  The epitome of evilness, I swear.)  I  found myself rooting for Cage throughout the rest of the movie however.   Travolta was truly evil.  It was delicious.  You gotta see this movie.  I  had low expectations, thinking it was another cliched action/thriller...was  I ever wrong!  [ And it was really funny to watch Cage get high. :) ]
B000002G7G|5.0|I remember the original mix, I heard it night after night on our back porch so the neighboors could hear. I heard it pissing on the stairs and finding our works in the dirt in the mourning. These mixes are different,  they're better.
0790737345|5.0|Truly, this is the greatest movie I have ever seen in my life.  Nicolas Cage gives the most stellar performance of his acting career.  I loved the entire movie, except for the ending.  But despite that tragedy, Seth's love  for her will always be eternal, and he will die happy knowing he had just  that one night with her.  This movie really inspires me.  It gives me hope  that there really can be true eternal love in this world.  If you plan to  watch this movie, (and you should, you really should), don't forget your  box of tissues.  You were wonderful, Nic.
0790705141|5.0|I love this movie. The first time I saw it as a young child it scared the hell out of me. And now even today as an adult I still become tense at certain parts of the movie. The Shining is truly one of the best moveis  ever made!
0380789019|5.0|Having already read The Book Of Dreams, Sandman:The Kindly Ones, and Sandman:The Dolls House I sought after the Novel Neverwhere. I heard lots of good news about it and I was becoming more of a Neil Gaiman fan with  every book so I grabed it not only to read...but add to my growing  collection:) I heard that some fans would be a bit disappointed but I  wasn't at all!! I loved every single part including the ending and loved  each and every character!! Neil alo has a good use of his foreshadowing  techniques and I was enthrawled to finding that even the most trusting  character can be very deciving in the end. I wish everybody to get it and  try it out, they will definatley enjoy it. Hopefully as much as I did!!:)
1573226521|3.0|Garland describes the beach and the lagoon beautifully, but he also drags in intellectual content that he doesn't seem to know what to do with.  For example, the idea of infinite possible worlds comes to nothing.  The  narrator Richard is a believable, brave, flawed guy, but Garland doesn't  seem to know if he wants us to take Richard as hero or anti-hero.<br />Toward  the end, Garland doesn't seem to know quite how to finish, so he throws in  some gratuitous violence and murders.  It could have been rounded off much  better!<br />By the way, what in the world is a &quot;thousand-yard  stare&quot; (last page)?<br />Recommended, with reservations.
B000005DQR|5.0|This stunning album takes hip-hop in a direction.  A great direction, but more importantly, it brings some dynamism to a genre which is dominated by purist formula songs.  I'll admit, I am not a hip-hop fan, but I am  certainly a DJ Shadow fan-- it is experimental, strange and wonderful.
B000001GS2|3.0|How can anyone prefer Carlo Bergonzi in the role of Canio to Giuseppe di Stefano?!  Bergonzi's voice, even in the supposedly top form, as on this recording, has way too much vibrato to admit of purposeful emotional  characterization.  He always sound half-hysterical because his voice shakes  so bad; so when he needs to sound hysterical, there's no effect!  The best  Pagliacci to buy is, by far, the Callas/di Stefano 1954 version, also  featuring Tito Gobbi, Rolando Panerai, and Nicola Monti.
0783231202|5.0|I THINK THAT EVERYONE SHOULD SEE THIS MOVIE REGARDLESS OF WHAT NATIONALITY YOU ARE. THIS MOVIE DETAILS THE TRUE HORROR THAT AFRICAN AMERICANS WENT THROUGH AT A TIME WHEN NO ONE WAS WILLING TO TAKE A STAND AGAINST SLAVERY.  THE MOVIE WAS A TRUE EYE OPENER TO WHAT AMERICA WANTS US TO FORGET.
B0000029AP|5.0|This album is truly one of my favorites! I recomend that any Aero-fan should go out and buy it if they haven't already! It's pure Aerosmith without a doubt.
6305265488|5.0|Danelle's mother has been daed for some years and her father re-marries awidow whith two daughters.  While ridding on a horse, Danelle's father has a heart attak and dies.  The step sisters and step mother put Danelle to  work.  Danelle disguises in her mother's fancy clothes and meets the prince  and falls in love with him.  I'm not telling the rest because you should  see the movie and find out for yourself!
0671688782|5.0|For parents who have felt alone, depressed, angry, abandoned, or in despair, Holding could be the solution.  As an adoptive mother of a hyperactive child who suffered from disrupted attachment, this therapy  saved my sanity and gave me hope for the future. It taught me the power of  unconditional love.  Holding is hard work, as it confronts not only our  children's pain, but the pain of our own long-forgotten childhoods.  It  forces us to look at the past in relation to the present in order to break  the pattern of our own mother's mothering.  Holding is not child abuse when  the mother is honestly responding to her child's emotions.  It can be  percieved in a negative context because it awakens our own memories of  verbal and physical abuse.  For most Americans growing up in the 50's and  60's the motto was &quot;Go to your room and don't come back until you can  behave.&quot;  or &quot;If you don't stop crying I'll give you something to  really cry about.&quot;  These responses reinforce the belief that we must  be bad if we have angry feelings.  Holding teaches parents to listen to  what their children are saying by providing a safe place for positive and  negative feelings to be expressed by both mother and child.  I sought  Holding as a desperate attempt to regulate my traumatized child.  What I  discovered was that it not only changed my daughter dramatically, but it  cured my depression, taught my husband to express feelings, and even  softened my denial-stricken parents.  But like anything else worth striving  for in life, it takes courage and perseverence in order to change.  Like  dieting, you can't expect to lose 30 lbs. after one work-out.
0792837541|5.0|If you're a true movie &quot;purist&quot;, you owe it to yourself to own the widescreen version of ANY of the great musicals.  The beauty and choreography of Brigadoon is only half as effective in any less a format.   I enjoy watching this movie so much because it is very apparent that they  had an absolutely joyous time making this film.
0792140923|1.0|Having worked for many years with the mentally retarded I was shocked by Hanks portrayal.  He has taken a serious and debilitating human condition and turned it into a cheap and tawdry satire.  He has created the  impression that people with this disability can achieve a level of  functioning that is, through no fault of their own, impossible, and further  eroded tolerance for these people by creating the impression that they do  not achieve these impossible goals simply because they have no ambition or  willingness to do so.  If my children were still young you can bet they  would not see this.  Only Gary Sinise as Lt. Dan Taylor the Vietnam amputee  turned alcoholic indicated any empathy with the human condition.
630512065X|5.0|We love this movie!  We  especially love Rum Tum Tugger! He's SOOOO CUTE! so is Mr Mistoffolees!  But I guess our fave charecters would be Mungojerrie and Rumpleteazer.  In fact, we watched the movie over, and  over, and over...  We have the old brochue book, the new official book, and  have posters.  We wake up to this movie sometimes at 5 in the morning.   Lauren(One of &quot;we&quot;) slept once through it, and thought she saw  the whole movie, she loves in so much!  We watch it any time we can(we rent  it..we're getting it soon)  Although are favorite five i order are:  1)Mungojerrie&amp;rumpleteazer 2)Rum Tum Tugger  3) Mr Misstoffolees  4)Etcetra 5) Bombalaurina.  We're singing Mungojerrie and Rumpleteazer for  a talent show.  We hope to meet Jo Gibb and Drew Varley one day, and act in  the play when we're older.  We have the old version album, and hope to soon  see it live.  We just can't get enough of this movie!!!
0783216890|5.0|Remember vividly being glued to TV during this event.  Movie elicited same heart stopping tension even though knew the ending. From my perspective this seems to be one of the few movies retelling recent historic events  that is accurate.  All players really seemed to get into the swing and of  course enjoyed seeing my favorite actor Gary Sinise as Ken Mattingly.
0385493800|5.0|I read this book expecting another easy reading yet enjoyable episode with John Grisham and his band of attornies and corruption. Instead, I was pleasantly surprised of an easy reading, enjoyable episode of attornies and  spiritual growth. Very nice turn of events. The book is a typical  &quot;page-turner&quot; by Grisham, but the message that something is more  important that money and power and the discovery of that  &quot;something&quot; is uplifting and doesn't diminish the fun of the  book. I recommend it to anywone who enjoys Grisham.
B0000024SI|5.0|bob, i, and peter costello went to a lft party in greenwich village, in 1965, peter was so straight, and when we walked through theloft looking a the freaks, bob, looked at peter and, said something is happening here and  you dont know what t is do you mr jones, i will never forget this moment. I  was also in a taxi cab with mr zimmerman when we toured lower 2nd ave i  manhattan, when he penned desolation row.  this was an extreme privilege to  me and i had nver forgotten the moments we spent together, lee barrett,  natchitoche4s, louisiana
0671027344|5.0|Steve Chbosky's PERKS OF BEING A WALLFLOWER, empirically speaking, is an epistilary novel covering a span of several years in the life of a fifteen year old boy who is experiencing the growing pains of being a teenager in  America.  Moving beyond the empirical, it is a testiment to the eternal  struggle of what it is to be human.  Letters written to an anonymous  &quot;Dear Friend,&quot; Chbosky's Charlie addresses the reader directly,  appealing to that empathetic thread which binds us all together, being  human, living on this earth, sipping from the same cup which is experience.  And it is in this way that Chbosky celebrates the trials and tribulations  that face youth in a visceral and immeadiate fashion: not the political  landscape and ecological mess our next generations are inheriting from us,  but the personal, the emotional, the soul.  Chbosky's tome to the American  teenager is a love song to life.  And in the end, a touching reminder of  that part of the journey which, in many ways, set our feet upon the paths  we currently tred.
0553573411|5.0|And I've read a lot. From Anthony to Tolkein to Donaldson. This series stands out for its incredible characterization. These people, espescially the main character, act real. Fitz is not some invincible, golden-haired  hero that fantasy is usually known for: This dude is REAL, with real fears,  weaknesses, failures, hopes, and goals. The passages where he talks about  his realtionship with Molly struck a really familiar note for me, something  I could relate to when I was younger and in love. Robin Hobb knows young  men better than most hack male authors out there.       And the villan!  Regal is the &quot;best&quot; villan I've read. cruel and evil, but human:  not some supreme god of evil. This punk makes the reader hate him, and  makes the reader want Fitz to win. The book is sad, but I firmly believe it  to be a triumph of fantasy literature, and a great measure of what fantasy  can be. If you can't get into this series, you're either dead, dumb, or too  used to fake fantasy characters to care when a real, vulnerable hero comes  along. Great job, Ms.Hobb
B00000DHRZ|4.0|Offspring has made some good C.D.s and this is one of them!!Not as good as &quot;SMASH&quot; but, okay. I hope the next C.D. is better. <br />The Offspring is my #2 favorite band, KORN is #1.
630197767X|2.0|I felt like Rocky 1 was the worst out of the 5 movies. Even Rocky 5 was a better film. The movie was so dull and did not really inspire me at all. Unlike the other 4 movies, Rocky 1 took forever to start. Movies such as  Rocky 3 and 4 made me feel like I was Rocky and that I wanted to beat the  adversaries (Drago and Lang). Whereas, in Rocky 1 I never felt anything for  the character. The training and fight scenes were so lackluster. Balboa  felt like a 2-dimensional character throughout. Finally, the fight scene  with Apollo was the worst fight scene out of the 5 movies. It lacked  emotion and the excitement was nowhere near say the Rocky 4 or even the  Rocky 3 quarrels. Part of the reason I guess Rocky 1 was so bad because  Stallone did not actually direct it (whereas he directed 2 through 4) even  though he wrote the script.   I am not sure what everyone saw in it but it  is definitely not at par with any of the other 4. Maybe the ratings from  critics and all the hype it got prepossesed people into liking that film.  Personally,  I have no earthly idea. Even with the above, I am a great fan  of Rocky, and excluding the way over-rated original (one of the most  over-rated films ever) , the Rocky series (especially part four) was one of  my all-time favorites.
0399143904|3.0|This book was disappointing - I have always liked and looked forward to certain author's works - Mr Clancy among them - after reading this I will not be in any hurry to read his next output - My main objection to this  book was I felt Clancy was on a soap box too much.  Also the action  sequences seemed to be the same thing over and over - I can always go back  and reread his earlier works - which I have started to do.
6303148352|2.0|People were raving 24-7 when this movie first came out. They were all so amazed by the special effects: the loundess of the dinosaurs, the fear that the T-Rex instilled, the dinosaur variety in the movie..blah, blah, blah.  From this I was very reluctant to see the movie at first because it seemed  like people were way more excited about the movie's external beauty (its  special effects) then what REALLY was important, the plot. It's like the  patrons who watched this movie never saw Hollywood special effects before.  Granted, special effects are cool and all but they can not turn a boring,  pointless movie into a good one. After all (at least for me) what gets me  riveted to the edge of my seat is how good the storyline is, not  hollywood's attempts to make a movie aesthetically pleasing. Geez, I guess  we can keep the populace entertained by making a movie just about special  effects and dumb noises... Forget the plot, just put all the scenes with  explosions, and cool gunfire etc.. Rather than make a movie why don't we do  this, it seems like a cacophony of noises entertains the populace more than  a REAL movie does anyhow... <br />   My point is that this movie had no plot  whatsoever... No purpose, no storyline. (It was just an accumulation of  noises..) I finally decided to rent the movie some time after it came out  since I was curious about it.. I was actually expecting to enjoy it since I  am interested in dinosaurs and archeology (and since everyone loved that  film so darn much!). However, after watching Jurassic Park, all FOUR  members of my family disliked the movie! I do not blame them. VERY BAD  FILM!
0701103019|5.0|I was nine years old when I found a copy of Charlotte Sometimes in the local library.  I was in boarding school in England at the time, and the impact that Charlotte made on me was &quot;close to home&quot;! In the past  14 years since I first shared Charlotte's world, I have never forgotten  this book.  Now to find it on Amazon.com is wonderful, I thought that I'd  never find a copy! And to find out there are sequels!  I am so greatful to  Amazon.  Now I plan to share this book with my future children some day.  And yes, I too was sure that &quot;The Cure&quot; did write the song for  this  book.
B00000F1D3|4.0|Cher's new release is a new direction for the Diva! I had to listen for several nuances to determine if she was going for the gimmic to cover up for vocal loss, etc.. Wrong! She is just having fun. After all, that is  what it is all about, isn't it? A great new effort, from a wonderful  artist. Probably a good one for the 70's set too! Great job. You go girl!
B000005J56|5.0|Este disco es uno lleno de maravillosos ritmos Cubanos que sacan el africa que todos llevamos dentro!  Es un disco que al menor asomo de su sabrosura unifica el alma Caribena no importa en que parte del mundo te encuentres!
B00000DHRX|5.0|I have really enjoed the music on Older!  Hope that you keep up the dancing music &quot;Fast Love, Star People,  and also Jeasus to a Child!&quot;  I hadn't heard anything from you since Wham and I am glad  that you are back.  Keep up the great work!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This has got to be the best cd I have ever had even though the song feelings can get boring, number 3-4-5-8-10 r the best for my opinion. definetaly recommended.
B000008M54|5.0|This is a wonderful album. You will especially enjoy this if you like the irish-folk sound. Beautiful music, lyrics, and voice.
6300151379|5.0|I have seen this movie since I was a child, and I love it very much.  I do wish it would be re-released on video.  David Bowie is breathtaking in it, and it is a showcase for Jennifer Connelly's talent.  Such a great movie  deserves and audience.
015626224X|4.0|I just returned from a 4 star hotel visit to London and Paris and found this book to really open my eyes to what life outside of luxury is like. It really makes you think about what you really need to survive and live  happily. Orwell demonstrates that life is richly satisfying with or without  money and that, as his character Paddy shows, every man can be down and out  and still be an intellectual seeker.<br />Also enjoyable are the many debates  Orwell poses about the futility of most working class jobs and the  questionable political principles surrounding the operation of  &quot;poor-houses&quot; in major cities.<br />I highly recommend this book to  anyone and everyone who wants the chance to think about what one really  needs in life in order to truly LIVE. Marvelous.
B00000DATR|3.0|Unlike TB and TB2 this album doesn't reflect the best Mike Oldfield. There are tubular bells in the album but that's where the resemblance ends. You will probably like it if you really like Songs From Earth. If you don't  like over processed music, don't bother.
B000002L9B|4.0|I recently purchased this CD as part of the gradual conversion of all my old Prince stuff from LP, and I've fallen in love with it all over again. There is no one who writes songs as completely as Prince. Everything is  orchestrated to lush perfection -- it's as if you're listening to  sequential mini-symphonies.<br />Try listening to it in the car, on a winding  country road on a warm summer day. Open the windows and sunroof -- and  crank it. It'll be 1986 all over again!
6305265666|5.0|This movie was perfect.  Excellent performances by the entire cast, especially Drew Barrymore as the spirited Danielle, and Angelica Houston who was the consumate evil stepmother.  It was funny, moving, and  incredibly romantic.  I also liked that it took a favorite tale I'd loved  as a child and made it realistic enough to believe that this is how it  REALLY happened.  Wonderfull movie.
6305169187|2.0|Forget that this movie had a plot a simpleton could write on the back of a matchbook, what it's real claim to fame should be is making Steve Buschemi a cliche. It will be quite a long time for me to once again think him funny  after his pathtically over the top performance in which every line he  uttered appeared to be with a wink. Like he was saying &quot;Here you go  idiots, here's another &quot;Funny&quot; one liner.&quot; It got to the  point where I was literally embarrased for him. I will have to watch Fargo  10 times to cleanse the bad taste from the left side of my brain.
0784011796|3.0|Unfortunately, despite the promise of its premise -- a paranoid mathematician stumbles onto a numerical secret sought both by Hasidic Jews and Wall Street stockbrokers -- Pi fails to carry through.  The storyline  keeps one watching even as it strains and tears before one's eyes.  A chase  scene involving evil finance-bankers strains the film's credibility, and an  aged mentor's insistence that computers seeking the secrets of pi become  conscious before they die appears out of nowhere to dazzle and bemuse the  viewer.  The latter flaw is especially gauche because the rest of the film  is relatively plausible and supported.  Still, aside from some acting  gaffes and irritating, repetitive camera-jouncing hallucination scenes,  this film is thought-provoking and worth seeing.  Pi is a testament to the  brilliance of its director, but it left this viewer unsatisfied with its  easy conclusions.
0767802659|5.0|This was the first DVD I watched with my new Home Entertainment system.  I was looking for a DVD that would test my system to the max and Starship  Trooper did just that! The picture quality was excellent and the sound  through my 6 piece speaker system was superb.  I also like the fact that it  was in the 1:85.1 ratio and not in the very small 2:35.1. I'm still having  a hard time getting used to this widescreen format.
6305226296|5.0|the bee gees  have  one  of   the  best  bands  in the  world  and  i  have  the  cd. of  the  bee gees  with  one  night  olney and  one  more  cd  with  them  and  it  is  saterday  night fever  on  it  and  i  am  a   big  fan  of  them thank  you  so  much  from  chris j coombes.....
0425132153|5.0|The best work I ever read, hillarious! I just couldnt stop anymore and read it in one go.  Now that I read the story already five times I still cannot - by no means - get bored by this really good piece of work! Read it  and you will know what I mean...
6304765231|2.0|I'll keep this short.  A previoulsy viewed video copy is better than this dvd.  First off there are absoultely no extras what-so-ever.  The laserdisc I have of this film is in THX, and has a interview with Brandon Lee at the  end of it.  This dvd is in dolby digital, just like that laserdisc, but is  missing all of the other cool things.  Sorry, but this dvd was a rush job,  it is obvious that Disney/Miramax just wanted to get the film out on dvd  without putting any real effort into the translation.  The picture is far  too dark at times and the sound is not as punched up as the laserdisc.   This would have been a great dvd if the effort to make it so was there.
078401213X|5.0|I just wanted to add to the laudatory reviews that, as I watched the film, I couldn't get over the idea that I was seeing the premiere work of the next &quot;Stanley Kubrick&quot; (and, compared to Kubrick's early work --  &quot;Killer's Kiss&quot; and &quot;The Killing&quot; -- &quot;Pi&quot; is  VERY mature, indeed).  Aronofsky's biting humor and fearless themes of  intellect-gone-haywire, the high-price of high-technology and the still  Simian power-drives of paranoid humankind -- coupled with a detailed use of  claustrophobic POV-camera angles (shades of &quot;Clockwork Orange&quot;  and &quot;Strangelove&quot;) and the magical mutation of  the everyday  world into a &quot;Twilight Zone&quot; nightmare -- reminded me of Maestro  Kubrick.  I am in no way saying that Aronofsky is copying Kubrick, but they  are both artists with similar sensibilities who are acutely sympathetic to  the social, psychological, religious and scientific tremors rippling  through the second half of the 20th century.  They know that the world's on  fire, but their rigorous intellects drive both men to create films in which  the flames are thrilling, frightening, and funny... and that warm spot we  feel is our own flesh melting. Now that, sadly, there is no Stanley Kubrick  to make Stanley Kubrick movies there is an even greater need for the work  of Darren Aronofsky.  I hope he can stay the course.
6301986024|4.0|This is not a movie where you'll need to analyze your feelings or those of the actors on the screen. It conveys the essence of the positive style created in the 60s (yes, there was something positive about the 60s).   Steve McQueen is at his best as the man who has everything, but is still  wanting more. He is at his best, beacuase this role is not like anything  else he ever mastered during his film career. Enter Faye Dunaway who aside  from having the wardrobe of a model, does have beauty and brains too. Man  meets his match! A great movie, if you are wanting just entertainment and  an escape.
1573226521|2.0|I read the story in two sittings.  Unfortunately, I thought it was too weird for anyone over 30.  The ending was grotesque; I love it when a book keeps me thinking about it days or weeks after I've read it.  However, this  is one memory I want to go away quickly.  Don't think I'll read any  sequels; don't think I'll waste my money on the movie.
0425107469|5.0|I now wonder what it is that my dog is barking at in the middle of the night... The book was great! I read it in 2 days, and I'm 12(13 in a month)! Einstein is a cute and humorus character.  The couple is good and  deeply made.  The hitmen is the perfect character to add a twist or two.  The attorney is so willing and daring.  And, the Outsider is creepy and  makes you feel pity at the same time. Well done Dean!(This was my first  Koontz book and I intend to read Hideaway next)
0800141326|5.0|he is a god very cut
0802130208|5.0|A masterpiece.  Hillarious, Wonderful, A Gem
0790737973|5.0|'Sphere&quot; although it is not &quot;Star Wars&quot;, is probably one of my favorite movies. Every time I see it, I find out something about it that I didn't know before. If have seen this movie and did not like it, maybe it  was because you thought it was really weird and made no sense. You might  enjoy it more if you read the book and then watch the movie again.  (Although the book is different in a lot of ways, it will clear up a few of  the questions you might have.) I have to admit, if the person that wrote  the movie had stuck to the book by Michael Chrichton, they could have made  it a better movie. But don't blame the cast, they turned in great  performances, and they made the movie great. All together I liked it alot,  even thought they could have made it into more of a suspense/thriller the a  horror film.
B000002O5L|5.0|This is a very good Petty album. It has some of the Heartbreakers and most of the Traveling Wilburys (Jeff Lynne, George Harrison, Roy Orbison, and of course Tom Petty). The only Wilbury not on this, I believe, is Bob Dylan.  Anyway, if you like Petty, you should get this album!
078401213X|5.0|For anyone with a sense of high, high, HIGH concept and scientific/spiritual adventure, however, this film is one of the finest I've ever seen. The dark, edgy cinematography is unusual and  atmospherically appropriate, the acting is very good, the music sets the  post-modern, bleeding-edge timbre of the world, and the plot has enough  depth and twist to leave some of our less inspired thinkers behind. And  like any good film that aspires to the level of art, it has inspired deeply  divergent and often passionate reactions from those who see it.<br />A sort of  warped cross between Good Will Hunting, Eraserhead and Jacob's Ladder, Pi  manages to capture in under two hours the sort of deep, paranoid,  multi-layered huge concept plot that books like Eco's &quot;Foucault's  Pendulum&quot; accomplish only in hundreds and hundreds of dense pages. Pi,  too, is very dense, and done in a way that clearly does not appeal to  everyone... but it works.<br />While I personally find this film to be utterly  brilliant, I can see why some might not appreciate it; others actually hate  it. I've heard some disproportionately negative reviews... so negative that  there would appear to be something deeper going on under the surface for  these folks. It is a disturbing, edgy film that deals with concepts that  are beyond some people, and that others simply do not want to have  explored.<br />One criticism I've heard that seems completely off base is that  the film has no plot. Even on first viewing, the plot seemed perfectly  clear to me - tortuous and requiring solid attention, but discernable and  beyond clever. Granted, after viewing the film with friends, we had a  discussion that proved my take on the plot merely an interpretation, not a  definitive treatise. But any film that can inspire the kind of reactions  that Pi has and still remain open to multiple interpretations deserves a  special place in Hollywood: that all-too-sparse shelf for films that also  qualify as true art.<br />If you can appreciate movies for an intellectual and  visceral challenge and enjoy watching something that isn't simply handed to  you with a dumbed-down plot formula for cheap laughs or mere adrenalin, Pi  will keep you coming back. I am buying it as soon as I finish writing this  review./>If you can appreciate movies for an intellectual and  visceral challenge and enjoy watching something that isn't simply handed to  you with a dumbed-down plot formula for cheap laughs or mere adrenalin, Pi  will keep you coming back. I am buying it as soon as I finish writing this  review.
B00000HZFH|2.0|While this album does have its high points, how can anyone in his or her right mind say it eclipses the last effort, Perfect From Now On, which, in my mind,would have receinved 5 stars.  This recording deserves little more  than two stars for selling out.
0451188470|1.0|Yes, Danielle Steele fluff.  I couldn't finish it although I forced myself through 3/4 of it.
6305226296|5.0|IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN THIS VIDEO YOU NEED TO SEE IT AND I PROMISE YOU WILL ENJOY IT AS MUCH AS I HAVE.
B000002JS6|5.0|I grew up with these tracks running through my head all the time. The cd craze and my getting into it, left my &quot;Album&quot; in the sleeve. Today, after all these years and a life time of changes in my life, I  listened to the sample clips and had to order it. My friends, i felt 12  years younger. I'm finally Back in Black. The sound is worth a thousand  words. Chills, Chills.
0380799006|5.0|I find that most parenting books just end up making a person feel guilty or like there is no way they can possibly do all the things the book suggests.  In this book (although it certainly helps you to see how far you  have to go!) I have found that putting the suggestions into practice is  made so much easier.  I still sometimes find myself saying something  unrecommended, but I catch myself and step back.  And then I start over  again.  Other people have even commented on things that I say to the  children (that i got directly from this book!) and it makes me so proud!   We are all trying to do the best we can with our children, and having two  or more children can be so hard at times.  How do you keep both children  happy?  When you have only one it seems a bit easier, and having two seems  like such a good idea!  Then when the second child comes along things are  so different!  I think large families are wonderful, but I also think this  is the ideal manual.  Every parent (and/or sibling) should read it!
B000002HPV|4.0|I cant give this cd 5 stars as I did to her other cds only because a couple of the tracks are skip-worthy.  &quot;Pluto&quot; and &quot;5 Years&quot; and maybe even &quot;Unravel&quot; are all great songs mentally  but musically they arent much.  Sung by anyone but Bjork they would be  trash.  I would have scrapped them for some ambient or acid jazz songs.   Still, you should buy this or be flogged.
078062369X|5.0|To all those people who wrote bad reviews on this film: Why bother telling us what you think when you're so outnumbered? Open your eyes!! This is the Newest Thriller. Blade is one bad son of a bitten mother. I saw it twice in  the theater and watched it 4 times when I rented it for 3 days. I was  enthralled every damn time. This whole film is A#1. Everbody scream  &quot;SEQUEL!!!!!!!&quot;
6304056958|5.0|1939 was a great year for the movies!  &quot;Gone With the Wind&quot;, &quot;Wizard of Oz&quot;, &quot;Rebecca&quot;, too many others to list, and &quot;The Women&quot;.  A hilarious, sharply written movie about the  cattiest group of women you'd never want to meet.  Unlikeable they may be,  but there's not a dummy in the group, and there are no lulls in this  wonderful film.
6300214753|5.0|This movie is the best!  I've seen it about a million times.  It's really funny!  I love the parade part when Ferris (Matthew) is singing the songs!!!!
0375707972|4.0|Upon receiving this book as a Christmas gift, I was unsure of what to expect.  It didn't sound like a book I'd normally read, but over the holidays boredom set in, so I picked up the book.  Was it ever a pleasant  surprise!  The events that took place were surprising, yet interesting and  attention-getting.  The book presented a good picture of post-war Germany.   I couldn't put it down I was so glued to the pages!  A good read!
0792837983|3.0|I can't believe that Nabokov wrote this--though I've read that his screenplay was butchered and that the final product had little to do with his original plan.  The acting is great, especially James Mason, but the  way that Peter Sellers' &quot;Quilty&quot; character kept intruding into  the picture was distracting and annoying.  In the novel (and in Adrian  Lyne's recent version) Quilty's character is foreshadowed, but doesn't make  an actual appearance until the very end.  Shelly Winters makes her third  appearance as a disposable love-toy (she made a career out of those roles;  ever see &quot;A Place in the Sun&quot; or &quot;Night of the  Hunter&quot;?) and is perfect in the role.  Sue Lyons is amusing, but  obviously a little more &quot;womanly&quot; than the original Dolores Haze.   Worth seeing, but read the novel to understand the magic of Nabokov's  creation.
B00000HZM4|5.0|Slow Turning is the second of three landmark albums (Bring The Family and Stolen Moments being the others) that established John Hiatt as the pre-eminent singer-songwriter of the late 80's.  Unfortunately, the wisdom  of the material was mistaken by most of his new fans (and eventually Hiatt  himself) as &quot;fun&quot; Adult Contemporary.  At the time, however, this  was a big step forward, personally and professionally, for Hiatt.   Replacing his previous band of legends (Ry Cooder, Nick Lowe and Jim  Keltner) with his touring band, The Goners, this is Hiatt's best sounding  album to date.  Sonny Landreth plays just about every guitar under the sun  to perfection.  Ken Blevins and David &quot;Now&quot; Ranson provide a  perfect blues-rock rhythm-section.<br />John Hiatt has always been a top-notch  author of acerbic wit.  He shows major signs of growth here, however.  Slow  Turning exhibits a more mature, resigned and happy man.  &quot;Though  love's not earned / Baby, it's our turn...,&quot; he sings on &quot;Drive  South.&quot;  His comic flair has been perfected by the likes of the  interstate dragnet search for a car with &quot;Tennessee Plates,&quot; and  the adventure of two irresponsible youths and their baby &quot;...who shot  up an automatic teller machine / Took the money for the laundry and drove  away clean...&quot;.<br />Hiatt treads familiar territory with &quot;Icy Blue  Heart,&quot; &quot;Ride Along&quot; and &quot;Paper Thin.&quot;  The  difference here is that his not-so-lovable losers finally seem to have  turned a corner, looking inward for a first time.  &quot;...And if I knew  love,&quot; he states in the first song, &quot;Well, I don't think I'd be  here / Askin' myself if I've got what it takes...&quot;.<br />&quot;Slow  Turning&quot; is the best Hiatt song I have ever heard.  It's theme is  universal (&quot;...Life is short and here's the damn thing about it /  You're gonna die, gonna die for sure...&quot;) and comical  (&quot;...You  think you've come so far / In this one horse town / And she's laughin' that  crazy laugh / 'Cause you haven't left the parking lot...&quot;).  Like a  spinning record, an image any music lover would, he describes the process  of growing older and wiser by realizing your potential through knowing your  limitations will not keep you from succeeding.<br />&quot;...It's been a slow  turnin' / From the inside out / A slow turnin' / But you come  about...&quot;<br />With this album, John Hiatt has come about.
B000006OAM|3.0|Having read most of the reviews of Ophelia posted here, I have to agree that the CD is weighty, a little somber and maybe not - as a whole work - quite as good as Miss Merchant's previous efforts.  However, I would still  recommend Ophelia on the basis of three wonderful songs:  &quot;When They  Ring The Golden Bells&quot;, &quot;Frozen Charlotte&quot; (both featuring  Innocence Mission) and &quot;My Skin&quot;.  These songs seem simpler than  others on Ophelia, and more personal as well.  For those who like Miss  Merchant's voice, but not Ophelia, try The Wishing Chair, a record from  Miss Merchant's days with 10,000 Maniacs.
B000000W5B|5.0|This album does not share in the limelight of the famous Stones albums such as Exile on Main Street and Sticky Fingers, but to me it may be their best album.  2 of the first 3 songs are some of the most overlooked great  songs in classic rock.   &quot;Coming Down Again&quot; is a beautiful  haunting tune sung by Keith Richards with a great sax solo.  This may be  the best song on the album.  The opening 3 songs are then followed by  &quot;Heartbreaker&quot; and &quot;Angie&quot;, which to anyone who has  listened to classic rock stations over the years, knows are truly great  songs.  Side 2 of the CD includes &quot;Winter&quot; which is almost as  good as &quot;Coming Down Again&quot; and equally as obscure.  This CD has  an overall feel that makes the effect greater than the sum of the  individual songs.  This is what elevates it in my eyes.  If you're looking  for the famous hits like &quot;Satisfaction&quot; or &quot;Tumbling  Dice&quot;, this isn't the CD.  If you're looking for a great overall  &quot;feel&quot;, this is second to none.
0679428887|4.0|I found Harris' novel to be exciting and thought provoking.  I enjoyed the images of modern-day Russia interwoven with those of the Soviet Union in the 1950s.  The ending may be considered far-fetched, but not beyond the  realm of possibility.  Especially when one considers the last Japanese  soldier of World War II who surrendered 25 years after the fact.  I enjoyed  the book and would recommend it highly.
0471603864|5.0|It's a good thing that Griffiths has written this book about particles.  So many other professors have tried but have failed miserably.  Griffiths on the other hand is a gifted writer and teacher.  This book is well  written and easy to learn from.  The text includes a chapter on bound state  and another on home to calculate amplitudes from Feynmann diagrams.  You  won't always find mathmatical rigor in this text, but it will always be  claer and readable.
6305265666|4.0|Ever After is a wonderful retelling of the Cinderella story.  It gives a depth to all the characters.  I would wish for just a bit more strength from Drew's Danielle, but having her kow-tow to Anjelica adds to the story.
B00000AFWW|1.0|Now that Kurt is no longer around to write her hit music (Live Through This), this album shows just how untalented Courtney is. Terrible, Fleetwood Macish bland middle of the road late 70's soft rock rules again.  Please watch &quot;Kurt and Courtney&quot;. The truth will set you free.
0609603086|1.0|I can't believe that the same author wrote both Pillars of the Earth and this book.  The characters are stereotypes, the plot is predictable, the premise is unrealistic and these are the good points of the book!  One of  the worst books I've ever read.
0790739909|1.0|This is merely a pale remake of a beautiful German film from 1988 called &quot;Wings of Desire&quot;. Like Roger Ebert once said, why remake a GOOD film?  Remake a BAD film and make it good.
B000000OF6|5.0|This is the best collection of Queen hits. They are one of the most creative bands of all time. Their singles hold up well over time.
6303165680|5.0|Hugh Grant and Andie MacDowell at their finest.  Also a great performance by Kristin Scott-Thomas.  A must-see that is one of my very favorite romantic comedies.  And by all means, buy the soundtrack!  It's one of my  favorites, as well.
0060925000|3.0|Beautiful lush scenes and characters evolve from the first page of this big (huge) novel.  I read it religiously following the plots of the many characters.  Beautifully written prose drives you to the finish that is  unfortunately lame.  With so many characters, and such a promising begining  and middle, the ending is anticlimatic.
0140143505|5.0|This is a true story--that's always a plus for me--about correspondence between a New York booklover/writer and the staff of a used and antiquarian book shop in London. These business correspondents evolve  over the years into members of a kind of extended family.<br /><br />The book is  rather amazing because it is a quick read yet packs a powerful emotional  wallop. To enjoy this book, you have to be open to books that explore  compassion, emotions, and human relationships in a non-glossy, realistic  manner.<br /><br />Normally, I'm a one-read guy. I read a book and pass it on. Yet,  I've read 84 Charing Cross Road three times -- so far -- in spite of seeing  the movie version three times as well.<br /><br />I'd place 84 Charing Cross Road  among my top five favorite books.<br /><br />Rodney
B000002KNI|3.0|This is a wonderful place to introduce anyone to some of Paul Simon's or Simon &amp; Garfunkel's work beyond the radio hits. The obvious hits here sound perfunctory, particularly &quot;Me and Julio Down by the  Schoolyard&quot; and &quot;The Sounds of Silence,&quot; and there's no  excuse for the faux-jazzy treatment given &quot;Bridge Over Troubled  Water&quot; or the awful synthesizers cluttering &quot;Still Crazy After  All These Years.&quot; That said, &quot;The Boxer&quot; here comes close to  its original achievement, &quot;April Come She Will&quot; is utterly  gorgeous and evocative, and this particular &quot;American Tune&quot; is  wonderful with Art Garfunkel's lead (he breathes, &quot;I'm so in the  mood,&quot; before launching into it). The live atmosphere doesn't really  add or detract much, though the duo does interact some with its audience.  This recording functions well as a greatest-hits record, expanding on Simon  &amp; Garfunkel's sterling Greatest Hits album, but anyone who enjoys this  one should seriously consider delving further into the full canon and  hearing the originals.
B00000F1D3|3.0|What Cher may lack in voice quality and range is compensated for in the production of this cd.  Cher's distinctive voice coupled with the fun, discoesque feel of the music and it's slick production make this a cd worth  adding to your collection.  Most of the songs are easy to listen to.  The  disco flavor of all the songs is a tad repetitious but not abrasive.  The  omission of the last two tracks, &quot;Love is the Groove&quot; and  &quot;We All Sleep Alone&quot;, before release of this cd would have made  &quot;Believe&quot; perfect.  All the other tracks make a cd of seamless  fun and energy!
B00000AFGM|3.0|The new Manson Album (mechanical Animals) is a whole new animal.  Manson forsakes his hard grinding style for harmony and melody.  I think this album shows how much range Manson and the crew have. Frankly i was  pleasantly surprised.  I am sure people will complain about the change but  all music evolves and changes and this time (in my opinion) the change has  been for the better.
B000003N7K|5.0|I fell in love for the first time and this album was definetly the soundtrack for the whole relationship.  The Historical Monte Vista section of San Antonio in the winter will always have a special place in my heart.  One should walk that area while playing this music for a magical  experience.   While that relationship is long over my love for this  album(and the rest of Mr. Coltrane's work) has only blossomed.  &quot;Dedicated To You&quot; has to be one of the great ballads of all time  and Mr. Coltrane's gentle interpretation fills  the listeners sense with  the graceful warmth of love's first bloom. &quot;My One and Only Love&quot;  is one of the most dangerous songs ever written too. If a man plays this to  the women he loves its pretty much all over and  time to visit the  preacher.  Your single life is over so be careful fellas!:-)<br />&quot;Lush  Life&quot; on the other hand, perfectly shows the other side of the coin.   I captures the loneliness of a love thats died and teaches the listener the  meaning of bittersweet. One of the best aspects of that ended relationship  is that it led me to discover more of Mr. Coltranes work and for that I'm  eternally grateful. <br />What I would give if I could of been a fly on the  wall when they recorded this album!  I hope to the next person who listens  to this album for the first (or one hundredth) time will allow music at its  purest; fill their heart, mind, and soul with love's most wonderful  message:<br />Love is patient; love is kind. It does not envy, it does not  boast, it is not proud.<br />It is not rude, it is not self seeking, it is not  easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil  but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always  hopes,, and always perserves.<br />Love never fails(and Thank God for  that!)<br />Enjoy!
B000006OAM|5.0|You have to hand it to Natalie Merchant; no one out there even comes close to her original lyricism and layered musical production.  she stands out in what can sometimes become a truly pop-oriented wasteland of singers.  I  bought &quot;Ophelia&quot; based on sampling the first track at a Border's  bookstore.  I was mesmerized as she sang. Then last night, I got the chance  to hear her live at a concert I attended.  She opened the night with her  first track, &quot;Ophelia.&quot;  The heavy drums that pounded the music  into your head reminded me why I bought her album in the first place.   Natalie Merchant will do her music and enjoy her music.  Seeing her onstage  reflected that attitude she emits on her recordings.  She knows that she  can get down on herself, but she is going to have a good time anyways.  Her  album is at times forlorn, but is ultimately sentimental and touchingly  deep.  Some songs make me cry and cause regret, others make me happy to  still be breathing.  This album is a stellar achievement from an artist who  still knows how to make music courageously personal.
0784010528|4.0|Although the DVD sounds great and looks great and there's still morons who just don't get how necessary widescreen is, I think this DVD was meant to be.<br />The only think I didn't like about this film is that we really only  get to see about 30% of what Jim Morrison's personality was like, we never  really learn a lot from this film. All we see is a man obsessed with drugs  who ocasionally sings. And not the great friend he was to the rest of the  Doors or the amazing poet he turned out to be.
6304826133|1.0|This movie had a frightfully boring plot that shouldn't find its way into a below-average TV Cop Show, let alone a major motion picture.  Stallone could have been a 2X4 without being any less wooden.  The plot was boring,  the characters were boring, I fidgeted in my seat for over an hour and  couldn't take it anymore.  Tell me how it ends...
0393312836|5.0|Its views on society are radical yet believeable; an excellent book with a powerful message.
0783229526|2.0|This movie had so much potential I can hardly stand it.  After the first ten minutes, I thought I was in for a hilarious 'trip' the whole way through.  Unfortunately, the amusing reactions to the various drugs and the  equally amusing narrations by the Duke himself, were replaced with  disgusting, drawn out scenes of vomiting and attempted suicide.  This is  something that needed to be there in some form because of the nature of the  film, but it could have been shortened considerably or just simply alluded  to and replaced with comedy or plot development.  At least I didn't hate it  completely like everyone else I know.
6304316267|5.0|NUMBER ONE IN A FIELD OF ONE. &quot;IT WILL BLOW YOUR GOD DAMN DOORS OFF!&quot;
0380778556|1.0|I tried on two seperate occasions to read this book.  The first time, six months ago, I didn't finished the first 100 pages.  The second time, I got up to page 134 and quit.  This book couldn't hold my interest for very  long.  There is too much detail written and not enough plot.  I would not  recommed this book to anyone.  It is in my bag of books to take the used  book store for trade.
B000006V5H|5.0|This album traces Farnham's development as Australia's leading entertainer. The songs range from moving ballads such as 'Burn For You' and 'Angels,' to uplifting songs with their inspiring messages of hope eg.  'Have a Little Faith.' This album highlights Farnham's status as a premiere  performer with amazing vocal capabilities. It is something that will be  enjoyed by people of any generation!
1565112601|5.0|I have reviewed the customer comments/reviews which you have on-line on this particular publication (Spin Selling by Neil Rackham), BUT all reviews appear to be on the hardcover version -- do you have any reviews on the  abridged audio cassette  version and how it compares to the hardcopy book?
0375707972|5.0|I couldn't put this book down!  It's very easy to read, and yet it's an extremely powerful and evocative story.   I couldn't help but wonder if it's  semi-autobiographical Mr Schlink?
0131103628|5.0|I haven't received the book yet, but I have a question:<br />Which compiler might I consider using to work out examples and experiment with my new knowledge?  I am running Windows NT 4 SP4.  Will VC work?  Wacom?  Any  advice appreciated!
B000002IV8|5.0|I Hear Black was, IMO, Overkill's first true album.  The album when they left the standard thrash formula behind.  Where the vocals became just as important as the bass.  Where the lyrics became more important then the  guitars.  This is the album where Overkill grind out their niche in the  ever changing world of metal.  Where, they plant their flag on the top of  that world, taking their place as it's masters.  They've come alone way  from their FEEL THE FIRE days.
6303686796|4.0|I saw this film for the first time this passed weekend. Having only seen DeNiro in recent movies it was startling to see his appearance when he was in his 20s. The same for Sybil Sheppard and an even younger Jodie Foster.  The story of DeNiro's/Travis Bickle's descent into insanity and the  illogical redemption by society doesn't quite ring true. Nevertheless, the  story is quite compelling albeit discomforting because one can relate to  Travis' lovelessness and frustration with society. Well worth seeing but  bring a strong stomach for the violence at the end.
B000003T9B|1.0|The worst of the Overkill albums.  Nothing here to indicate what this band would become.  Hindsight is always 20/20.  And that's a good thing, if this had been my first Overkill album, it would have been my last.
6305265666|5.0|Drew is one of my favorite actrsses and she proves how great she is in this modern day fairy tale.  I loved it!
B000002B7M|5.0|I'am 18 years old i've been an ozzy fan for a long time.I recently ran across    Blizzard Of Oz the  original copy(not the remastered).I would like to sell this cd,at the highest bidder.Ifsomebody out there is  interested give me a page.c-yaa
B000002GF8|5.0|The first Police song that really mesmerized me was &quot;Walking In Your Footsteps.&quot; I can still remember a high-school classmate of mine bringing a cassette player and playing that song in school. I thought it  was sort of mystical. The kind of song that renders mutiple layers of  meanings and interpretations. &quot;Synchronicity&quot; is one of my  favorite albums, along with Sting's &quot;The Soul Cages,&quot; Paul  Simon's &quot;Graceland,&quot; and U2's &quot;The Joshua Tree.&quot; It's  simply hard to label it as a rock album or whatever--it transcends barriers  and defies categorization. It has been classicized by Sting's Voice and  Bass Playing, plus Andy Summers' Guitar Playing and Stewart Copeland's  Drumming. This is one of the soundtrack-albums (pardon the word) of my  life.
B0000026WD|5.0|This album was well worth the wait between it and BAD, and much better.  I think a lot of people are obsessed with the rap-like music on this album (of which I am admittedly not fond), but I think it's just an example of  Michael trying to stay on top of current trends, like Blood on the Dance  Floor...<br />The genius of this album is in songs like &quot;In the  Closet,&quot; &quot;Who is it,&quot; &quot;Give in to me[the best  one]&quot; &quot;Will you be there[sappy, but well done]&quot; &quot;Keep  the faith[gets better and better as the song reaches its climax &amp;  conclusion]&quot; and, of course, &quot;Dangerous.&quot;<br />Give us more of  the art, Michael.  Let us see your genius.  The rap and dance mixes are  just a fad...
0812548094|2.0|I bought this book hoping that it would be as wonderful as the Jordan series from which this author borrows heavily.  What is so disappointing is that this book is merely a detailed outline that the author has failed to  embellish.  What I got from Jordan's books, Kathryn Rusch's Fey series and  George R. R. Martin's books were fully developed characters and plots.  I  was able to fully immerse myself in a new world and believe that world  existed.  Goodkind, while writing a good yarn, has failed to make the  characters interesting, has failed to describe the countryside.  I have no  idea what sort of trees grow there, what the mountains look like, what  clothing the people wear, what the native food tastes like.  I am left with  a one-dimensional story that while promising, should never have been  released without the detail to make it come alive.
B000002GBJ|5.0|If you have ever had an opportunity to see Yes, as I have 8 times, you will really be able to appreciate this outstanding display of classical,electric collection of keyboard work by one of the masters, Rick  Wakeman.  Live he puts on an absolutely outstanding show!  To see his  intensity playing live is one of the best experiences one would have for  live music.  I purchased this &quot;album&quot; in 1977, and am still an  avid fan and listener to Yes and Wakeman.  A must listen to for any  progressive or classical keyboard fan!
0780622545|5.0|Fascinating movie with the Blade Runner type darkness and horror that makes it so captivating.      Imagine waking up in a bath tub without knowing who you are but with several clues than seem to lead... Somewhere  add to this strangers so malevolent that it is palpable from the other side  of the screen following and chaseing without giving any true clue to their  purpose, There you have Dark City, in a nut shell. Enjoy at will!
630233683X|5.0|Gene Kelly once said &quot; A show that is really a show leaves you with a kind of a glow.&quot; This film certainly meets that criteria. It's just plain good old fashioned entertainment with plenty of  zest,warmth,humour,romance and of course great songs.
6304711891|5.0|The Rock was so awesome, it is by far the best action movie i've ever seen. AN EXCELLENT PURCASE IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GOOD ACTION MOVIE!
6300215717|5.0|Yes, it does live up to its sterling reputation and exceeds it! And Hepburn and Peck are perfectly cast! This is my favorite movie - touching, funny, romantic. You will love the characters and the worlds they live in  and want to spend more time with them. There will never been another  Audrey.
B0000025ZB|1.0|Pop Kulcher Review: According to Amazon.Com, people who bought this cd also bought greatest hits collections from Boston, Journey, Foreigner, and Styx. What I'd like to know is, where ARE these people? Is there any way we  can round them up? Our safety is in jeopardy as long as they live among  us.<br />Now, personally, I know some people who own one of these albums,  maybe even two. They're good people -- culturally famished, obviously;  lacking in taste, unquestionably -- but not necessarily people you'd cross  the street to avoid. But people who own ALL FIVE of these albums? I must  admit, it's difficult to visualize the sort of person whose record  collection includes Styx, Foreigner, Boston, Kansas, and Journey. I suppose  they would have a bit of Bad Company, Survivor, REO Speedwagon, and  Meatloaf thrown in for the sake of variety. The walls would no doubt be  adorned by posters of Molly Hatchet and black velvet unicorns. X-Men comics  would litter the closet floor; a few faded photos of Heather Locklear would  be tucked beneath the mattress.<br />While it is tempting to gather these sad  misfits and lock them away from civilized society, we must -- MUST -- hold  out some hope for their redemption. Find these people, my friends, find  them SOON. Buy them a Clash album, some early R.E.M., some Replacements.  Offer them moderate doses of the Velvet Underground and Sonic Youth and  Pavement. With care and nurturing, we CAN redeem them. Onward!
0790729652|5.0|gjhhgjhg
0062502182|5.0|This book is amazing.  It makes you want to go out and conquer the world.  If you have a dream and are scared to follow it, this will give you confidence.  If you don't know where your life is going, this may give you  insight into what to do.  It's easy to read, and you won't want to put it  down.
6305256209|5.0|Basically, if you like the film, you are going to love the box set. I got mine through the post this morning. Here in Britain we don't get too many box sets, and the ones that we do get aren't too good. But this is amazing.  The Box itself is well made and looks wonderful. The video contains an  excellent widescreen print of the film (wonderful quality)plus the BBC  documentary The Fear of God - 25 Years of The Exorcist. Incidentally, this  is a different version to the one shown on the BBC - it doesn't feature  Mark Kermode at all, or the interviews at the BBFC (which are out of date  now anyway) presumably as this video was to be released in America. It does  feature some extras not in the original doc, for example - it's structured  differently, with the Spider Walk being slightly differently edited, along  with extra snippets of interviews and a couple of extra behind the scenes  films. Plus an introduction by William Friedkin, the director. There is  also a very nice booklet detailing the film's history, a CD with music (no  tubular bells - which has also been edited out of the documentary.  Copyright problems?)from the film and the original score, plus a film frame  and 8 lobby cards. It doesn't seem as if Warners have sabved money  anywhere, except for the fact that I would have liked the documentary and  film on different tapes, and would have liked to have seen the meeting with  the doctor that was cut (I believe that it is on the DVD). Anyway, it is  still well worth having.
0316152196|4.0|Until this one, I liked Connolly's non-Boschers, The Poet and Bloodworks, better than the Bosch stuff, simply because I didn't take to Harry's tortured soul. Now that he's becoming un-tortured (even without a wife),  Harry seems a more balanced and focused character.  Unlike some other  critics, I don't mind the  racial themes. Rodney King did happen and   relations between cops and minorities aren't exactly wonderful, in LA, in  New York and most other major cities. I even liked Connolly's little  self-promotions, like the ad for a movie called &quot;Bloodworks'' with  Clint Eastwood. I'm not up on inside Hollywood stuff, but I guess something  like that is on the horizon.
B000002X0Z|5.0|I mean cassette...I got the cassette.  We were ridin' and the first side went off.  We were talkin' and stuff and the tape flipped and we didn't know it.  All of a sudden we heard vultures flappin' and barkin' and we all  were lookin for the birds.  That was scary.  The tape is out cold, though.
0679416781|5.0|the english patient is my favorite book for a million reasons.  the writing is amazing.  if you're looking to read quality writing, this is it.  the book is so original in its style that it had me mesmerized.  the third  person narrative voice does justice to all the characters and the narrative  voice of almasy creates haunting beauty on the page.  this is a book with a  complex story, incredible, three dimensional characters, and writing that  is the best that i have ever read.  the spiritual nuances are phenomenal.   this is a book i have read time and time again and it touches me on a  mental, emotional, and spiritual level.  there are a few books that help  complete a person.  this is definitely one of them.
6302468027|5.0|This movie might just be one of the better definitions of comedy. It is a bit sad, but the divine acting sure makes up for it. Seeing this movie does require being slightly mature, but it really isn't that rough. If you're  hunting around the movie store for a good middle-of-the-night comedy, then  this is your best bet. No question about it.
0679457313|4.0|this book is excellent not because of the plot nor because of the story. it is excellent, rather, because it is a lyrical masterpiece.  the language shimmers with beauty.  the entire book is a beautiful, intricate poem.  i  was slightly disappointed that there was no story per se but the writing  was so good that i had to forgive the lack of story.  it is an excellent  read if you are looking for poetic writing.
B000002ACR|5.0|Of all the Byrds records, this still stands as my favorite.  Anticipating the later country-rock records, yet reflecting the psychedelic era of 1967, the 11 songs on this album are all classics.  Hillman's songs (Time  Between, Have You Seen Her Face, The Girl With No Name, Thoughts and Words)  are amazing.  It still sounds fresh.
B000002C1X|5.0|EQUAL TO BEATLES SGT PEPPER, BEACH BOYS PET SOUNDS,WHO'S TOMMY AND PREVIOUS FLOYD ALBUM DSOTM. ROGER WATERS'BRILLIANT CREATION OF A POP STAR GONE MAD. A MUST FOR FLOYD FANS
0385484518|5.0|What a read ... a message in this book for everyone.  Be you young or old ... Morrie has an incredible perspective that will make everyday in your life more valuable.
B000002U82|5.0|THE ALBUM THAT DOSEN'T GO AWAY. IVE LISTENED TO IT AND NOW I KNOW WHY. HAS MODERN SOUNDS CONSIDERING IT'S  1973 . A MUST FOR EVERY ROCK AND ROLL FAN.IT'LL BLOW YOUR MIND
B000000OQF|5.0|these guys don't care what anyone thinks on this album.  they seem to be making music for themselves at this point, unlike the album-the spagetti incident.
B000002U9Y|2.0|THE MUSIC LACKS CONNECTION. JUMPS FROM ONE SOUND TO ANOTHER INSTANTEOUSL
0380729407|5.0|This book is one of the best I have ever read
B000002J09|4.0|A lot's of people say that LED-ZEPPELIN IV IS OVERRATED,well could be. But this band have always played and recorded what they had in mind,and they were not afraid of the final result. Instead of hiring a producer to  produce a commercial sound like most of the band of the 80's and the 90's  did, Led-Zeppelin did their albums the way the were feelin at the moment.  Oh, by the way this album is 18 times platinum, not bad for a band  overrated. Anyway, for myself this album is not Led-Zeppelin at their peak,  but close.
B000003N7K|5.0|Hartman, the only vocalist Coltrane ever recorded with, is smoother than smooth. I've listened to my  recording 100's of times. If you like the straight ahead be-bop of the golden age of the 50's buy it!
B000002513|5.0|This album is mind boggling.  When asked what music would go with me to my desert island, this one comes in first.  When I listen to this album, I am transported to the streets of Jersey and wishing I was one of Bruce's  characters.  The storytelling is pure poetry, the music sublime.  If I am  in the right mood, this album makes me weep with joy. I am truly grateful  to own this recording.  What I want to know is, how come he didn't make  more like this one?
0553274503|5.0|This is a touching novel about Charlie, a mentally retarded adult who struggles in our unforgiving society.  He becomes the subject of a lab experiment to raise his IQ to a genius level.  He is the first human to be  experimented on, following an experiment on a lab rat named Algernon.  As  Charlie gains intelligence and loses his innocence, he must learn how to  survive in the harsh adult environment.  Sadly, the experiment goes  horribly awry and he finds himself struggling between two worlds.  This was  a great book and I highly recommend it.
6303269869|5.0|I love this movie! Every time I watch it I feel so many more emotions than the time before. Watching it with someone you care about makes the movie even more realistic and heartbreaking. I watched it again recently and by  the end both my boyfriend and I were crying. Their relationship was so real  it made us open up to each other more than ever before.
B000002G60|5.0|I first heard this album during a college trip a year ago, and since then I've probably listened to it over 50 times. You hear something new on each listen, and Vega's lyrics are just as gripping as her melodies. I can't  wait for a new album from her...
0375707972|1.0|the book was more hype than anything else.  a trite representation of a young man's affair and an illiterate woman who took advantage of everyone she could.  another example of the minimalization of the importance of the  holocaust.
B000002N3N|5.0|It seems like anyone can listen to Enya. I'm a college student, and I constantly hear her sweet vocals coming out of many dorm rooms. This album just proves that she still has it. I can't wait for the next one! :)
0800135954|5.0|I rent this one at least twice a year.  This is my all time most favorite movie. The story, the setting, the actors, the acting...Legends has it all.  I like to imagine that Brad is just like Tristan...It's a must see for all  Brad fans out there!
0061053430|4.0|Well, for hardcore fans, in my opinion, it was not so good, I mean technical manual should be technical manual, not a breed of introduction to +  &quot;memoirs&quot; of a colonial marine.  Enough said, I wish there  were more blueprints.
6303477259|5.0|Pink Floyd &quot;R&quot; The Masters Of Rock! P=Plane U=? L=Liquide S=Sea E=Eggs  and all of them are available on the Pulse cover !
0812548094|5.0|I didn't know exactly what to expect when I first bought this book.  I wasn't sure Terry would keep weaving a wonderful story, but he did.  At the end, it seems sort of well unrealistic that Richard could make it back in  what?, 2 days.  But I knew that Kahlan wouldn't be dead.  It was sort of  predictable, but I had a feeling that things would work out and Richard  could forgive Kahlan if he knew why she made him put the collar on.  I  can't wait to read Blood of the Fold.
078322608X|5.0|I get tired of watching the same old movie where you can tell what's going to happen before it does.  If you want something unpredictable this is the movie for you.  I am a big time travel lover anyway, so this is right up my  ally.  This movie will make you think, and think, and think; and when you  have finally &quot;figured it out&quot; you will be shocked by the ending  and start thinking all over again.
0671876813|3.0|I've just started reading the Honor series.  I haven't been able to put them down....until I  got to this one.  I felt like the first half of the book really dragged (Give it 2 stars).  However, starting around pg. 250  things really got going (Give it 5 stars)!  I like the way that Weber keeps  things interesting by focusing on different aspects of Honor's universe.  It keeps the books from being just Honor killing another Peep ship. I think  it was a good idea for Weber to explore the impact of Honor on Grayson's  society, but the execution of the idea could have occured at a faster pace,  or been less predictable, or something.  However, I still look forward to  every book about Honor with anticipation.
B00000DBXL|4.0|Cake is truly awesome I own prolonging the magic and it is awesome OOHHHHHH YYYYEEEEEEAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!
630516603X|5.0|If you haven't seen Lord of the Dance then buy this and forget buying the video of Lord of the Dance.  <br />If you are expecting something entirely new from Flatley in the video you will be disappointed since it is the music  and cast from Lord of the Dance with some new costumes. However this is a  better video version than the original with better staging and some new  acts.
B0000020C4|5.0|This is undoubtedly the definitive recording of Les Miz. With a stellar cast culled from the various productions of what is now &quot;The Most Popular Musical in the World,&quot; this recording soars loftily -- far  above all the albums that has preceded it.<br />Colm Wilkinson IS Jean  Valjean. His tenure with the role and his years of hiatus from performing  Valjean onstage lends his concert rendition both an element of pristine  freshness and the quality of superbly aged wine. Philip Quast plays a  surprisingly human Javert.  His characterization is deeply moving; it is  mesmerizing to see the richness of his craft as he plunges Javert from his  self-righteous pedestal to the deep abyss of consuming guilt.<br />Lea  Salonga, London and Broadway's Miss Saigon, is easily the most memorable  Eponine ever. Her emotional clarion is unsurpassed as she wrenches her  heart out in the various solos, duets and counter-points that she sings.  <br />The ill-fated Fantine is sang by Ruthie Henshall, who has both the  crystalline voice of the actor who had originated the role on Broadway and  the aria-power of Patti Lupone (Original London Les Miz, Evita). Michael  Ball (London's Original Marius) and Judy Kuhn (Original Broadway Cast, and  Disney's animated Pocahontas) excellently captures the turmoil and  confusion of passion which they successfully crystallize to love.<br />The  ensemble of over 250 people led by Michael Maguire (Enjolras in Original  Broadway Production), Alun Armstrong and Jenny Galloway makes this  recording a definite must-have. <br />Rather that being merely another  soundtrack, this album is an experience in itself.
B000005K8B|5.0|If you are a fan of Goth type music, Type O Negative is the band to listen to. Dark Lyrics, heave Guitars, and tight musicianship. If you are looking for a dark but romantic album, this is the one.
6301016289|4.0|This story foretell the finacial crisis that recently happened in Asia area espically in Japan. &quot;I do nothing , But I own everything.&quot; is a good comoments to those who playing money game.
B00000DHRZ|3.0|Don't get me wrong it is a great cd, but the songs don't have that &quot;angry&quot; sound. I have every cd that had put out, Nitro through present.This radio friendly crap. They need to go back into the family of  Epitaph.
1558807381|5.0|This is my favorite movie.  The show of the deep love between Jack and Lilly is immeserable.  A definante must see for people of all ages.
B00000F1D3|5.0|This CD is HOT!!!!!!!!!!!! Cher is back on top and better than ever. Yea DISCO!
0060916540|5.0|Joe Simpson has brough to life the universal truth that the future - the void - is fearsome and unknowable.  Yet we have no alternative but to stare into that future with courage and to live every moment with hope.  It is a  Zen lesson - as revealed in the title.
0875845851|5.0|Clayton Christensen refuses to accept the simple explanation of why large, incumbent firms often lose market share to new technologies -- poor management.  Instead, he persuasively argues that good management very  capably advances sustaining technologies -- technological advances that  improve the performance of their proven products -- but fails to advance  disruptive technologies.  <br />This distinction of sustaining and disruptive  technologies provides powerful insights.  The author shows in case after  case how the disruptive technology is initially inferior to the established  technology, and consequently has nothing to offer the established  customers.  Those customers effectively drive the resource allocation  decisions of well managed firms and cause them to focus on further  improvements to their proven and money making products.  Eventually, these  proven products are developed beyond the needs of the market and create a  vacuum at the lower end of the market.<br />Meanwhile, smaller organizations  push the disruptive technology, find new markets where some unique  attribute of the new technology creates value, and begin their own  experience curve.  Over time the disruptive technology is improved in  features, reliability and value to the customer, and often penetrates the  lower end of the traditional technology's market.<br />The lessons Christensen  draws about how large and successful firms can develop disruptive  technology will prove valuable to everyone running a business. The small  firm trying to develop a new product or new approach can think about  whether their product/approach is disruptive or sustaining, and will learn  that their probability of success in penetrating an existing market with a  sustaining technology is small, but 37% of the new entrants with disruptive  technology survive.  Even more reassuring to these pioneers is the dismal  record of established firms to see and embrace the distruptive technology  before the entrants are too far ahead to catch.<br />Overall a fascinating  read.
6304233639|1.0|Absolutely...'Chinese'....
6300214753|5.0|I love this movie.  I have seen it several times and I am buying it so I can watch it whenever I need a good laugh.  I am 59 years old and a mother of six grown children.  I am buying this movie to enjoy with my  grandchildren!
B000002BSV|4.0|You can argue, with some validity, that with this album Suede's sound became somewhat more simple.  You can argue that it's more blatantly commercial.  All these things may be true.  And...while you're making those  arguments, I'll be over here enjoying the great music.  I hope you're  having as much fun as I am. Bernard who?
B0000028RR|5.0|nothing else to say but that this is their best album. Killing in the name is the best song ever written by these guys.
0345389409|2.0|This is a disappointing novel.  After having enjoyed the first 4 volumes of the Vampire Chronicles, I had trouble getting interested in what was mostly a long dissertation narrated by the devil.  Vampire fans are better  off skipping this one, and moving right along to the Vampire Armand.
B000002BPS|5.0|This is an outstanding album, and the offspring is such a cool band. I think every song on this album is great and I have no complaints at all. If you love this one then check out &quot;Americana&quot; and  &quot;Smash&quot;.
6301562143|5.0|It all goes down hill from Batman Returns...<br />Keaton we love ya -- no matter WHAT you look like.<br />and that's not the point. He's only human -- after Burton, Batman became...a cartoon.  Someone save the bat.
B000001Y42|1.0|This is the absolute worst CD I have ever heard. Every song sounds the same.  If you are  considering buying it, take a look at all the one star reviews it got and spend your money elsewhere.
B000005PRX|5.0|THANK you TIM BURTON.  We needed this.  Michelle Pfieffer's a screen-stealer...... It's perfect, it's dark, it's Batman.  Everything after this fell down a very steep cliff...and will never rise  again...unless -- BURTON -- DO YOU HEAR US?  COME BACK!!!<br />Keaton had so  much chemistry with Pfieffer compared to the kansas-flat chemistry he had  with Basinger.  Face to Face--best theme song as well.   This is more than  just WORTH the by.  Trust me... the ones who don't like this movie have  something seriously against the blackness of Batman...and the truth behind  it.
B0000024JN|5.0|THE BEASTIE BOYS ARE THE GREATEST BAND EVER I CAN'T SAY ENOUGH THIS IS IN MY MIND THE GREATEST ALBUM OF ALL TIME. I HAVE ALL OF THEIR ALBUMS AND THIS BY FAR IS THE BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0792151720|5.0|When I saw Titanic for the first time I thought it would be excessively boring, mostly because I knew that the boat sank.  But I quickly changed my mind, it's fantastic!  I admire this film espically for the amazing  cinematography.  When the movie is over it seems like you've been watching  it for fifteen minutes!  It's a film that's going to be remembered with  other great cinema acchievements of this century, Wings, Gone With The  Wind, The Godfather, Citizen Kane etc. etc.  It's surely the last great  film of this century.  Watch this movie!
078062551X|5.0|On many levels, a stunning movie, which deserves to be mentioned in the same breath as the best science fiction ever. It keeps you guessing and wondering the entire time and you hope for a payoff in the end, and it  delivers in ways few films do. I have to say I loved the direction and the  movement of the film. Each scene seemed like a section of this gigantic  quilt film noir. Each moment built on the next. Rufus Sewell is very good  as the main character John Murdoch. William Hurt is fine as the inspector  and Jennifer Connelly I thought gave her best performance ever. As the film  opens, the narration is done by Keifer Sutherland as he sets up the story.  I have to admit that at first, I didn't like the way he did his character,  until I saw the movie again.  More accurately, I should say, I didnt feel  comfortable with his performance because it was so different from any roles  he has had to this point. After another viewing, I came to enjoy his  performance. This movie is an intelligent movie and not for someone who  likes to be barraged with pure action. Anyone who says Armageddon is a  science fiction masterpiece may want to steer clear of Dark City. In  intelligence, in quality, in pure storytelling radiance, Dark City is as  far above Armageddon as Its a Wonderful Life is above Friday the 13th.  Already a cult favorite, it will be so much more than that in the years to  come. Count on it.
B000002JS6|5.0|If you are an AC/DC fan today and don't own this album, you are missing the best. AC/DC never made another album with such superb production and excellent musicianship. The lead vocal hooks are passionate and sincere  (although the lyrics are evil and childish) and Brian Johnson delivers them  with power! Angus Young has never sounded as good as he did on this  recording, playing with might and skillful accuracy that would make any  3-chord band today smash their own CD's. This was the pinnacle of AC/DC's  career garnering them major airplay and fame in the U.S.A. mainstream  market. Words to the wise: Enjoy the music but keep some perspective of the  lyrics...Life always turns out different than we want.
6304539258|5.0|Could there be a better movie? And with the advent of the new trilogy, what better set of movies to see to gear oneself up for the most anticipated movie of all time? Titanic doesn't stand a chance.
6305232660|1.0|How could Morgan Freeman and Robert Duval have gotten themselves into this boring, stupid, and totally un-entertaining waste of time and money? By the time it was mercifully over, I was embarrassed to think I had actually  watched the whole thing, let alone spent money to rent it.  The only  redeeming factor was my hopeful anticipation that just maybe, something bad  might happen to Tea Leoni's obnoxious mouth-breathing character.  I liked  all the goofy, over the top &quot;heroes&quot; in ARMAGEDDON and cheered  when they succeeded. In DEEP IMPACT, after the first few minutes, I was  rooting for the comet.
6305127638|4.0|I won't go into too much detail, I'll just say that if you enjoy Star Trek movies, you should like this. Of course, if you're even thinking about buying it, you've PROBABLY seen it in the theaters...so I'll say this: the  movie holds up nicely in repeat watching on DVD. Sure, it's got more action  than most, but it also has time travel, which seems to help make for good  movies. Personally, I still think Wrath of Khan (#2) is the best of the  bunch, but depending on your taste, I'd place First Contact as either the  2nd best or 3rd best. Frankly, this movie may be worth watching just to see  the Borg Queen - from entrance to exit, that is an amazing character.
B000002J1L|5.0|One of Genesis's greatst records indeed! The songs are really good, great lyrics, when you start hearing it you just cant stop. If you like Genesis and you havent heard this album, it will be a cryme not to get it right  now!
B000002KBH|5.0|From my first hearing of the first chord of the first song on this album in 1971, I have known that beauty itself is the sixth sense.
0780622545|5.0|This movie draws you in and keeps you there. &quot;The Strangers,&quot; Dark City's spooky keepers, are freakishly fascinating and add yet another dimension to a unique movie full of twists and turns. Incredible special  effects and a city that's never the same just top off this great sci-fi  feast.
B000002C4J|1.0|I saw her on the Juno Awards (Canada's version of the Grammies) last night.  She remarked that she needed time away and that she didn't want to have anything to do with music at least for a while.  Well, Celine, take as  much time as you want 'cuz I'm sick and tired of hearing that song from  Titanic!
6302968119|5.0|True Romance is one of Tony Scott's best films, along with Crimson Tide and The Last Boy Scout.  The film screams with one of the greatest casts ever assembled.  It's violent, it's profane (its not just a love story),  but the film isn't as violent as everyone seems to think, unless I'm  desensitized to violence.  The film is just FUN!
B00000ICD9|5.0|This movie combined spectacular visual effects, the wonderful acting of the entire cast, plus a wonderful story line from a classic novel to create in my opinion one of the best movies of all time.  A must see if you like  romance or the afterlife.  Also good just for the special effects.
6304118392|5.0|Oliver Stone's Natural Born Killers stands out unlike any other film you will ever see.  The film is paced, edited, and filmed at a daring speed that makes the film ultra-hip, the killers super-cool, and the style  hyperkinetic.  I love NBK for many reasons and I think many others will  too.
6304697953|5.0|CON AIR IS THE BEST MOVIE, MALKOVICK IS MY FAVORITE CHARACTER PLAYING A VICIOUS SERIAL-KILLER.AND WHAT THE CRITICS WOULD SAY: A MUST SEE
B000001EYW|5.0|Simply their best.  I bought this cd very soon after it was released, almost two years ago, and it is still one of my most played!  When I'm in the mood to listen to music but can't decide, I pull out &quot;Still  Waters&quot; and I'm never disapointed.  Some claim the cd is  &quot;over-produced&quot;.  But the music, lyrics, and rich harmonies far  outshadow any production flaws (if any).  Still Waters is a must for Bee  Gees fans.  If your not a fan, give it a listen.  I know you'll be  pleasantly suprised.
B000002572|5.0|I was all of 12 when this album was released and my collection at the time consisted of \\"Led Zeppelin II\\" and \\"Frampton Comes Alive\\". To paraphrase Mike Meyers' Wayne Campbell character \\"If  you lived in the suburbs they practically issued them to you\\".     Then  I heard the phenomenally simplistic yet moving chorus from \\"More Than  a Feeling\\" and just felt waves of excitement and realized that music  was never going to mean the same thing.
B000006FYP|2.0|Friends, this Batman film, in addition to leaving you feeling depressed and extremely overstimulated, is quite  badly edited. This becomes important during crucial action scenes, when the cuts happen so fast that  they don't reveal what is actually happening.  As with all sequels to the  first Batman film, this one is burdened with too many characters.
B000002UDB|5.0|All the songs on this album are perfect.No filler,just pure greatness!  Lennon and mccartney reached there hieght on this.  This was a revolution in recorded music,and thats why the beatles were and always will be the  greatest band ever.
6300214559|5.0|This film has everything a film should. There's fighting, fencing, queens, and true love. Not cliched true love, but one that evolves over a span of time. Love that becomes the kind of love we all seek. The love between two  friends that is able to go the extra mile.
B00000I2QS|5.0|Sarah Brightman has a voice like no other woman alive!  On this CD she proves that she is also very versatile, utilizing her &quot;pop&quot; vocals as well as her famous &quot;opera&quot; tones.  The title track is  particularly well done. The entire CD is haunting and I play it over and  over again - I will never grow tired of this one.  I wish it wasn't so  expensive here in the US - I am a native Brit, and purchased it last  November on a trip back home for a lot less!  However, I would pay the $34  for it - it's that good!
B00000163G|5.0|2pac is the greatest rapper that ever lived and I think that nobody is ever going to be as good as he was
B000007URG|5.0|Thoughtful, powerful lyrics with excellently composed music.  Throw in some blazingly fast, extremely talented musicians, and you have Stratovarius.  They deliver song after song, from screaming solos to  velvet-on-steel ballads.  Helloweens and Dream Theaters are rivaled.  Some  weird Nostradamus stuff at the end that I'm not really into, but I can't  fault a band for stating their beliefs as long as the music comes through.   Their music comes though like a main battle tank through card board.  If  this isn't perfection, it is close enough to the earthly manifestation of  it to warrant 5 stars.  Keep up the good work, guys.
B000001F26|5.0|This tape has accompanied me on every road trip I have taken.  There's something about the open road and this music that just goes together.  It is the nicest little compilation of a rockin' artist who continues to rock  on.
B000006OS2|1.0|I agree with the previous reviewer, this absolutely has to be the worst transfer I've ever seen. The picture goes out of focus several times during the film. It was done from a bad print in the first place.  I love the  movie itself, but don't waste your money on this dvd version.... you WON'T  be happy if you do.
B000006OAM|5.0|Initially, i didn't buy Ophelia because of the catchy pop-sounding &quot;Kind and Generous&quot; single that I heard on the radio.  That was just an added bonus after I heard a sampling of the entire album at a  Borders bookstore.  The opening track &quot;Ophelia&quot; was so haunting  and willowy, that I was submerged into an otherwordly place when I first  heard it.  Natalie Merchant has the most unbelievable way of transporting  you from where ever you are to where ever she wants to take you with her  tender voice.  Stuck in rush hour? Pop in &quot;Life is Sweet&quot; and you  will feel a lot better about your station in life at that moment.  She  creates a unique ambience to her music that is trademark Merchant-like.   Hey lyrics are astoundingly deep and they truly provoke those who listen to  them.  And even if you don't know what the hell &quot;pilgrims march to  Compistelo, visions of their saint in yellow&quot; means, you still are  intrigued to decipher what she is trying to throw at you.  That is powerful  music; music that stirs your brain cells up a little while you tap your  feet.  Critics have bashed Natalie on being too morose in her composition  and style.   Well, if she doesn't want to blast annoyingly trite hooks that  wear thin within a matter of weeks...more power to her.  Listening to this  album offers a new experience everytime.  It caters to the times you want  to soak in your own tears when things go wrong with your significant other;  it makes you want to smile when you thought the day was really gonna suck.  Regardless of whether you are a fan, she will still tug at your heart with  some of the best songs out there.  This album is a definite keeper.  By the  way, I saw her in concert on Sunday night....and she is soooo cute jumping  around on stage.  You just have to love her.
B000002WYT|5.0|The DMB is the best band I have ever heard in my life. After careful studies, I've decided that they are the most musically rich band out there. They have a style that cannot be labeled. They are in a world of their own,  and they own the music industry. Their style is addicting, which is what I  like about it.
0446604844|5.0|I haven't been is such suspense reading a book since Silence of the Lambs by Thomas Harris.  This book, The Winner, and Absolute Power prove that Baldacci is the real deal.  I literally could not put this book down as  each page brought along a shocking new surprise.  I can't wait to read The  Simple Truth.
1556154844|5.0|If you must have only one book on your desk then make it this one. An invaluable guide for beginner and expert programmers alike. It is required reading for every member of our software team.
630518299X|5.0|If I could give this movie more stars I would.A great movie for all ages.I loved it.Jim Carrey acted extremely well.I love all his movies.
B000002X0Z|5.0|Mobb Deep is one of my favorite groups.  I have this CD and the Infamous.  I got Infamous from BMG when it first came out.  I listen to it all the time when I work out.  It gets me hyped.  I think they are good at  expressing what they feel in their raps.  Thats why I like the group.  Some  people don't like them just because Tupac didn't like them.  (My cousin  T-Baby).  I like Tupac, but I don't think his words should be cause for  someone to dislike another rapper, T-Baby.  They got skills.  Out-the-grism  for the nine-scrism.
B0000022WA|5.0|Its about two girls who,unknown to them,are twins.They meet up at summer camp and things go crazy!If you are seeing this one,you should also check out the newer version.A must see for all ages.
0679745203|5.0|drawn into the souls of the four discarded victims of war, my heart ached for every one. the author is a master of his craft.  looking forward to reading more of his work.
0790736918|5.0|John Wayne's classic response to whenever anyone says to him &quot;I thought you were dead&quot;. An enjoyable epic that stands the test of time.
B00000DATR|5.0|Since Oldfield stopped trying to please the record company (~1990) he has been back on form. TB III is short but sweet with only one weak track (Moonwatch) which at least gets the listener ready for the blistering  finale. Like all his albums it  just keeps getting better with repeated  listens. His unique guitar style, which has been subdued for the last  couple of albums, is back with squealing precision.
B00000720W|3.0|This was MayheM's first official release (circa 1987), and although it is an interesting listen, it holds absolutely nothing to their later efforts. Deathcrush is more of a Death/Thrash album with violent/gore  lyrics...definately raw &amp; brutal. But in the years after this album,  the TRUE MayheM formed. And by the time they released De Mysteriis Dom  Sathanas (the greatest Black Metal album ever recorded...PERIOD), they had  already established themselves &amp; the entire Black Metal  &quot;scene&quot;, which is still going on today. Deathcrush is what  started it all, so it is definately a great release, but it was just a  stepping stone to MayheM's immortal future.
6301773551|5.0|This movie went above and beyond fantstic. If you are not a big movie watcher this movie will change your mind. STAR WARS FOREVER
B000005HLV|5.0|This is the first and last album ever to evoke such pure darkness.  All the songs are the best MayheM has ever done, and Attila's (Tormentor/Plasma Pool) vocals are completely godlike...no one could have sung the album  better &amp; with more emotion, regardless of what people may think.  I  would go on, but then this review would end up being huge. Buy this  CD...that's all I can say.
0385493800|4.0|Like all Grishom novels, The Testament, engages you in the first chapter-introducing the story and getting you comfortable for what, you know, will be a good read. Like the ghost stories you enjoyed around the  campfire, The Testament, teases you with bigger-than-life (and  fuller-of-flaws) characters. <br />This time Grishom's character development  takes it's time-reminiscent of A Time to Kill. In a style more refined than  in previous works, Grishom takes the reader through a deliciously sensual  exploration of the Pantanal.<br />Most satisfying of all to this reader,  however, was (finally) Grishom's ability to end the book in an acceptable  manner. No machinations, illogical twists or character distructions. It  isn't complicated, it isn't perfectly happy or sad, just satisfying-much  more realistic.
6300151379|4.0|I was sixteen when this film was released and was, as all sixteen year olds are, suitably cynical about it.  On my first viewing, I was pleasantly surprised at the atmosphere and humour of the film and lets face it, the  creatures are cute.  My one criticism would be that the songs are terribly  80's and weak 80's at that.  Still, on subsequent viewings there is still  much to enjoy.  A PAL video re-release would be most welcome, if only  because this is my girlfriend Rima's favourite film of all time.
0800135954|5.0|La primera vez que la vi me impresion mucho, como los 3 hermanos eran tan diferentes y como su padre trataba a cada uno de ellos. Me parece que es una excelente mezcla de accin, pasin [especialmente la pasin alocada  entre Tristn(Brad Pitt)y Susanna(Julia Ormond)]y tristeza. Este film te  muestra muchos ngulos diferentes de ver la vida. Se la recomiendo a todos.
6304118392|4.0|Seen this one about 4 times, wierd how casual violence is to these folk
B00000ADG2|4.0|By far the best track on the CD is &quot;Can't take my eyes off of you&quot;. Its definitely worth the price of the entire CD.
0964385619|5.0|An asset is something that puts money in your pocket.  If you want to be rich, simply spend life buying assets.  Gradually acquire assets such as bonds, intellectual property, notes, real estate and stock as assets generate dividends, interest, rental income, and royalties.  If you want to  be poor or middle class, spend life buying liabilities such as consumer  loans, credit cards, and mortgages.  If you want to be rich, you've got to  read and understand numbers.  Emotions such as fear and desire are what  make people human.  Emotion stands for energy in motion.  Be truthful about  emotions and use your mind and emotions in constructive ways.  Most people  do not know that it's their emotions such as fear and desire that are doing  their thinking.  Take action.  By acquiring assets you will be choosing  wealth as your goal and your future.  The choice is yours.  You most likely  will not be taught in school how to gradually become rich.  You will most  likely be gradually taught how to be a good employee and a good consumer vs  a good employer and a good asset acquirer.
630428540X|5.0|Phenomenon is an engaging movie with unexpected twists and reversals. Travolta's character, George Malley, is a simple, gentle person who is mysteriously given the gifts of great insight and intelligence on his 37th  birthday.  While the movie is a study in human reactions to difference and  the unknown, I found its probing the realm of human potential to be thought  provoking and inspirational.
630450862X|5.0|This isn't just another Stephen King rip off of a book. This was the first movie adapted from a Stephen King novel and by far the best. This movie shows high school life the way it is. If anyone doesn't feel the way Carrie  does by the end of the movie hasn't been to high school. A friend of mine  is having a birthday party this weekend and were going to have a scary  movie marathon all night long. The first question everyone asked me, &quot;  You're bringing Carrie right?&quot; I'm counting down the days till &quot;  The Rage: Carrie 2&quot;. No one has to be a genius to guess where I'll be  on March 12. See ya at the theater!
630528069X|4.0|Die hard has it all action ,suspense,and lotsa comedy.A great performance by willis and a incredible dvd awesome audio(AC-3) so dont crank it up  to loud or your speakers might blow up! Hope your speakers can take it!!
0060920084|5.0|A British friend gave me this book to read.  He found it hilarious, as did I. When it comes to the foibles and warts found in our society, Bryson is right on the money.
B00000F1D3|4.0|Excellent euro sound that suffers only from the singer's limited range. &quot;Runaway&quot; would be a suitable (and great!) follow-up single. Now if only Donna Summer could get together with Taylor and Rawling I'm  positive that the world would explode!
0399143904|3.0|Rainbow Six seemed as if Mr. Clancy was out of fresh ideas . The characters are flat and are unimaginatively written. The premise is somewhat far-fetched, but not out of the realm of possibility. The book spends quite a bit of time rehashing the same bio-war theme of Executive  Orders, and never really got going for me, and I am a huge Clancy fan. If  you are a big fan, like myself, you will still enjoy this book to a certain  extent, but it won't take you much past that.Mediocre work from such an  excellent author.
6300184269|5.0|This is absolutely the best movie of the 1980's.  It has produced more great one liners than any other movie I have seen.  In a group of people it would be nearly impossible to not get a laugh from someone if you blurted  out one of these lines.  The other great part of this film is that Wyatt  mentions the best city in the U.S. - Cincinnati.
0792151720|1.0|I have to say if I had 200 million I could buy some oscars make a movie about, and win some more oscars in the process. Hype sells tickets,toys,cars,You name it and with proper advertising people will line  up for miles to buy into that hype. When people say this is the  &quot;Greatest Movie Ever&quot; the only thing I can do is laugh. For  starters the acting is subpar Leonardo Dicapprio is not Humphrey  Bogart(Casablanca I'm sure you have seen it)Kate Winslet is not Vivien  Leigh(Gone With the Wind I'm sure you have seen it),and we all know how bad  of an actor Billy Zane is( The Phantom did anyone see it). The directing is  not much better asides from James Camerons ability to use the special  effects and costumes( which by the way he had very little to do with), he  is no Orson Welles( Citizen Kane I'm sure you have seen it). Just because a  movie makes millions upon millions of dollars does not make this movie the  best ever. Gone with the Wind had some very special effects for the time,  the costumes were some of the best ever, the players will be long  rembered,and the line Frankly my Dear I don't give Damn is something people  will always say unlike I'm the king of the world.
B000003T9B|2.0|Not the best OVERKILL album but worth buying for collectors of one of the GREATEST THRASH BANDS to ever play!!!
0679745653|5.0|I loved the wandering, Impromptu prose! Breakfast at Tiffany's is a romp through a vapid party; advice on what to do when you've gone from blue to  red; secrets in the past that appear and stand on the street corner outside  your apartment; and finally, a pathetic act of cat dumping. What impressed  me most were the three short stories that followed Breakfast at Tiffany's.  &quot;A House of Flowers,&quot; read like a short story influenced by  Garcia Marquez or Borges. And &quot;The Diamond Guitar,&quot; sketches out  memorable characters with an impressive scaracity of pages that only a  master writer could make a story thrive in such a short word economy.
0800196341|5.0|Although I grew up watching Olivier's version and loved Gibson's interpretation, this &quot;Hamlet&quot; is the absolute best at capturing every nuance of each character.<br />I got out of my very warm bed on a very  cold morning at 6:30 to drive 120 miles one way to see this film...and I'm  so glad I did!<br />Ok, it's long, but that's the way the Bard wrote it and  plays of that era were intended to capture their audiences for the entire  evening.  What surprised me was that I was never bored during the entire  film.<br />My husband teaches English....I was very fortunate to have talked  our local video store owner into selling me the poster...I had it framed  for my husband and gave it and the video to him for Christmas.<br />The  poster hangs in his classroom and he's using the video to train a new  generation of students to understand and appreciate the world's greatest  playwright.<br />Invest the time it takes to watch this movie...you'll be  rewarded.
630200084X|5.0|The little boy will steal your heart in bantering with and outwitting the old man.  The young lover will break your heart.  You'll laugh out loud at the priest ringing his bell to censor the &quot;kissing parts&quot; and the  fervant Italian responses of the audience. You'll weep for the grown up who  now understands all  the life lessons the old man tried to teach him.  I  loved this movie beyond words! Buy it!
0780624157|5.0|This is a good tape.It has new and old.It has things from 1989 to 1997
B0000062S0|3.0|This album is below my expectation.  Though Page seems to be still vibrant, Plant is too meek and low. In the whole album, I can barely hear the voice of Plant.  Few songs are good - Most high where duo tried to give  a shade of Indian/Arabic music, Heart in Your hand where guitar work is  excellent. The charisma of Led Zeppelin is missing at all. Overall, you may  want to buy this album if you are a hardcore Led Zep fan.
B000002699|5.0|As the Beatles REVOLVER bridged the gap between Rubber Soul and Sgt. Pepper, IN A SILENT WAY documents Miles Davis's break from traditional jazz into a far-out netherworld. Often, the so-called &quot;transitional&quot;  album is better than the destination, and I think it's true for this record  and for the Beatles. Hypnotic, mesmerizing, dark and optimistic, all of  those contraditions that make all great art. This one has it all.
6305265488|5.0|When i say drew is special i mean it. i feel she did a terrific job putting a modern twist on a timeless classic. she did a great job of acting in this film....and, oh yeah, she is so adorable.
B000005HFH|5.0|As a great fan of Chet Baker, I have to write something about this album.  It was given to me as a gift several years ago; I used to fall asleep listening to it.  Yes, it's good to listen to in the morning while you're  drinking your coffee, but it's absolutely dreamy to fall asleep to Baker's  ethereal voice.  It's like being wrapped in a cool, comforting fog.  Try  it!!<br />P.S.  Am I the only person disappointed with the idea of Leo.  D'Caprio playing him?  (Though I had heard it was Jim Carrey... also highly  unfortunate).  Too bad Chris Isaak can't act...
0792151712|1.0|Firstly, what if Jim Cameron had stereotyped an  ethnic group the way he stereotyped the rich? Secondly, how can anyone claim this movie pays tribute to those who died on the Titanic when the main characters were not  real people? Thirdly, folks, Billy Zane was wearing eyeliner. The sets,  costumes, and special effects were  beautiful.  The writing and acting were  rank.
6304508611|5.0|This is the greatest horror movie ever.  Bravo, Brian DePalmo!! I remember the first time I saw Carrie, I was scared sh--less. Extraordinary performance by Piper Laurie. Definetly a must see. It was just as good as  the book.
630157401X|5.0|Harrison Ford and Sean Connery are great in this movie.  The first time I saw it was at a drive-in theater and the movie was fantastic.  I love the Holy Grail plot line.  The ending was smart and suspensful. The best out of  the three.
6304873441|5.0|okay okay so we all know that it's a pretty bad depiction of the russian revolution (although rasputin as the evil sorceror isn't really that far of a stretch :) ) and we also know that the depictions of russia and france  are exceedingly stereotypical.  BUT SO WHAT?  that's not the point....the  music is great, the story's well done, and the choice of voice actors is  wonderful.  the animation is excellent, expecially the memory/day-dream  sequence in &quot;once upon a december.&quot;  i love it; it's a great  cartoon, not a documentary.  try it out :)
B000002TYX|5.0|I was one of those millions that tuned into the original ABC Broadcast of Anthology and was at the record store the day of release of this event.  I would highly recommend this disc as well as the other two, to any Beatles  Fan that calls himself/herself a fan.  Encompassed with the 8 video tapes  of Anthology; this series is thoroughly enjoyable to listen to as well as  view.
B000002BWL|4.0|Simply put this was Satch's entry to the big boys, letting the world that here's something big. No vocals on this album, great tunes. The only fall of this album is not Satch, but the supporting cast lacks in substance.  Drums are quiet and simple.
1564428117|5.0|I think this movie is amazing! Imagine a slasher movie that is also a smart movie!  Simply the presence of &quot;the Shape&quot; is enough to creep many out!  Donald Pleasance will remain in the fan's hearts forever!
6302787297|5.0|Scott's epic masterpiece telling the voyage of Colombus to the new world could not be more glorious. 1492: Conquest Of Paradise contains some the most beautiful scenes I have ever seen in my life. The film takes us  through his first and second voyage to the new world and his struggle of  creating his paradise. An epic masterpice in every way.
B0000025CP|4.0|The obvious highlight of this CD is 'Better by you better than me' which may or may not contain the reversed &quot;do it!&quot; lyric.  Not withstanding that, the rest of the CD is just as powerful.  The quintet of  Exciter, White Heat..., Better By You..., Stained Class, and Invader will  have you running into walls and smashing things in no time! BTW, the  reversed &quot;do it!&quot; is very hard to locate, but my money has it at  around two minutes and thirty seconds into &quot;Better by you better than  me&quot;.  Any thoughts?
B00000ADG2|5.0|How can Lauryn possibly better this recording with future ones? If it's possible to wear a CD out, this will be the one that I'll have to replace!! Well done Lauryn.
6305165912|5.0|I saw this movie 11 times.  The funniest movie I have ever see
6304117752|5.0|Julie Andrews is at her best.  This film contains some of the best songs of all time.  The story line is interesting, well done, and keeps your attention.  My family has seen this movie many many times (we have worn out  one tape) and it continues to be a favorite.
630526323X|5.0|Werner Herzog's remake of the 1922 classic is an epic masterpiece in movie making. Beautifully filmed with glorious music, knock-out performance by Klaus Kinski as the flambouyant Count Dracula. Only one other film in  history has impressed me this much with unforgettable scenes of the true  nature and feeling of vampires. This isn't an ordinary vampire movie, it  doesn't have any scares, it doesn't have any bloody scenes either, it's not  made to scare or gross the audience, it's made to give the audience  remarkable visions of vampires, so masterfully done that they are  impossible to forget. Nosferatu The Vampyre remains poignant to this day  and stands as one of the greatest films in history.
0679457313|1.0|Why do so many undeserving books make it to the bestseller lists? The God of Small Things pales in comparison to beautifully written books by Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Kiran Desai, etc. I was greatly disappointed.
B000002GLV|5.0|I have listened to this album hundreds of times since my college days in the 70's and I never get tired of it.  I'll always have this in my collection.  Highly recommended.
B00000ADG2|5.0|This CD has touched me in ways I can't explain. A sista talking from the heart about life experiences that reflect all of our own realities. I mean please. The music is tight. Ms. Hill's skills have been proven and here she  proves them again.  All those who don't get it, haven't lived yet; that's  all I can say. This CD is not just the bomb, it is a spiritual experience.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver has a wonderful, thought-provoking plot, and a lot of passages that really make you wonder and think!!
6300214753|5.0|THIS WAS THE BEST MOVIE I HAD EVER SEEN. FERRIS SHOWED HIS HIS FRIEND CAMMERIAN AND HIS GIRFRIEND A GOOD TIME. EVEN THOUGH HE IS A C+ STUDENT HE STILL SHOWS HIS FRIENDS HOW TO ENJOY LIFE (EVEN IF YOU HAVE TO BREAK A RULE  HERE AND THERE). I LOVE THE PART WHERE FERRIS STARTS SINGING IN THE PARADE  AND THE LOOK ON CAMERON'S FACE WHEN HIS DAD'S CAR GOES RIGHT OUT THE  WINDOW. FERRIS PULLS OFF A SCHEME FOR THE ENTIRE MOVIE. HIS SCHEME IS NOT  ALL PLANNED. AT THE END HE IS PLAYING IT OFF THE TOP OF HIS HEAD. ALSO ONE  VERY HILARIOUS PART WAS WHEN THE PRINCIPAL TRYS TO GET INTO FERRIS' HOUSE  BECAUSE HE KNOWS THAT FERRIS IS NOT REALLY SICK (BUT FERRIS SISTER HELPED  WITHOUT KNOWING). IF YOU LIKE THIS MOVIE SOME OTHER FUNNY MOVIES ALONG  THESE LINES ARE FUNNY FARM, ANIMAL HOUSE, AND NATIONAL LAMPOONS CHRISTMAS  VACATION. IF YOU GET THIS MOVIE YOU WILL BE IN FOR A BIG TREAT.
B0000019PA|1.0|Sorry.  I just don't get.  His nasally voice makes me cringe and at times the music seems one dimensional and boring.  I was extremely disappointed with an album that had phenomenal praise from a myriad of qualified  sources.  However to be fair, I have not given it more than three  listenings.
B000003N7Y|5.0|While most of these tunes appear on other Mingus albums, this disc has the best versions; they really move, and the whole band sounds energized. I would recommend this disc to anyone interested in Mingus or looking for an  introduction to his work.
B000003TA4|3.0|Teenspirit was definitely a Zeitgeist for the early 90's.  This album is important for the effect it made on the music industry and the future of rock music.  However looking back on this album after almost a decade, I  find the album a bit uncreative and bland at times.  Songwriting varies  from good to mediocre.
B00000163G|5.0|Every song is tite!  He has skillz that noone will ever be able to touch.  May he rip.
0767819543|5.0|In a world always worried about what's going to happen, Central Station -Central do Brasil- is a sweet surprise of what really happens.  Central Station puts a real picture of LIFE in front of your eyes and portrays a  powerful human experience.
6305078491|5.0|Directed in France by the legendary Danish director Carl Dreyer,Vampyr is not only one of the best horror films but also probably one of the greatest films ever made. Unlike the American horror pictures like Frankenstein that  were being made at the same time, Vampyr has relatively little action but a  sustained atmosphere of strangeness like that of few other movies. The  action takes place during one night and the entire film has a slow,  trance-like quality. The picture quality of the DVD is vastly superior to  that of the older videotapes--the film was photographed by the great  Rudolph Mate--but the sound recording is shaky at the best, and the  dialogue is hard to follow even for someone who understands German. The  music comes across more effectively but is boomy in some passages--it's a  good idea to reduce the bass before viewing. The DVD like an earlier video  has quite large subtitles in Gothic type--designed I think to eliminate  Danish subtitles--which unfortunately mask a third or so of the picture in  some shots.
6300215717|5.0|In this delightful and touching film, Audrey plays young Princess Anne, who is bored with her royal duties. After attending a formal ceremony, she decides later to explore Rome on her own. Unfortunately, a doctor had given  her a sedative. She ends up falling asleep on a public bench. Luckily for  her, Joe Bradley (Peck), an American news reporter finds her. Their lives  would never be the same again. This is one of Audrey's best films.
0553573403|5.0|this is no hollywood story this is life cast into fantasy. when you read you are there when you have to go to work you want to be there and when you go to sleep you dream you are there. the best book i've ever read, and the best part of it is that the end of it is just the begining. this whole book  is the prologe of the world we will not be able to leave for a second.
6302636779|5.0|In this powerful and emotional tale, Audrey plays a young nun who struggles to conform to convent life. Her performance is stunning.
0380973634|5.0|I have been a science-fiction and fantasy for quite some time but had never heard of Neil Gaiman.  I picked this book up simply because of the cover and some of the reviews inside.  I can't ever remember being  transported to a fantasy realm so completely.  I know I'll never ride the  NYC subways without peering in every corner and looking in the eyes of the  people again. I totally recommend it.
B00000ADG2|3.0|Yes, this CD is DEFINITELY nowhere near as great as the hype suggests. I think most people would agree that Ray Of Light should have won album of the year at the recent Grammy awards. However, it still has its good  points: To Zion, Everything Is Everything, Tell Him (hidden Track),  Superstar, and Every Ghetto Every City. I don't think that this album is  anything new, and some of the melodies are extremely weak, but Hill  certainly deserves respect for her production and arranging skills, and for  her voice of course.
0375707972|1.0|I was extremely disappointed in this book. The writing is of such poor caliber, it could have been authored by a grade school child.  It is  totally devoid of emotion and character development.  The writer lacks the ability to portray the emotions of a child experiencing his first sexual  encounter with a woman more than twice his age, from lust to excitement  through satisfaction and guilt.  There is no sense of outrage felt by the  reader as to the actions of Hanna and how she must have psychologically  affected him. He also manages to completely trivialize the horror of the  Holocaust and glosses over the effect of this terror on an entire country  and the shame that still burdens it. The reader almost feels empathy for  Hanna, as if the lack of education could ever possibly be an excuse for her  undescribable crime against humanity. The sole surviving Holocaust victim  is almost portrayed as hardened, unforgiving and uncharitable, and that was  described in about two paragraphs in total. The book was so shallow I had a  difficult time reading it, but I forced myself as this was the first book I  have ever read that was recommended by Oprah Winfrey.  I agree with the  customer who likened this book to &quot;The Bridges of Madison  County&quot;.  If you liked that book, you'll like this one.  If you loved  Pat Conroy's &quot;Prince of Tides&quot; or Alice Water's &quot;The Color  Purple&quot;, you will be sorely disappointed in this novel.
B00000DGUG|4.0|I absolutely HATED this album when i first heard it. In fact, it took numerous listens before I began to like it. However, it really is an incredible album. I really urge people to give it a chance, you WILL NOT  regret it. Watch out for &quot;One&quot;, &quot;Front Row&quot;,  &quot;Baba&quot;, and the best of them all, &quot;Heart of the House&quot;.  I'd go so far as to say it's even better than &quot;Jagged Little  Pill&quot;. Well done Alanis.
6302413931|5.0|I believe that this is this epitome of the film experience.  The choreography, story adaption, acting is very strong.  It also incites critical analysis not only of the horrors of war but the immeasurable  depths of the human consciousness, as Joseph Conrad depicts in Heart of  Darkness.  In one word---Stunning.
6305226296|5.0|Its well worth watching again and again
0871137380|5.0|Without a doubt, this ranks as one of the best historical accounts of a battle I'm sure civilian America would rather forget. But to the combatants, I'm sure it's something that they never will. My hat's off to  Mr. Bowden. For he finally proves to me that there ARE reporters out there  that are willing to record what we have to say, and report it dilligently.  As a former Spec Op soldier having never served in Solmalia, Mr. Bowden  gives you the feeling of actually being there, which is very important.  You're given a firsthand account of the confusion of battle, the gallantry  done under fire, and the quickness of sudden death. And to my Ranger  brothers and Delta Operators who fought there, and died--you'll never be  forgotten by this ex-LRS man. You all did your mission well.
0399143904|4.0|A very good read. I enjoyed the entire story from beginning to end
B0000026WD|5.0|This album is cool it has some rap in it which makes it very cool! I LOVE &quot;Remember the Time&quot; it's really good. Although he's not that popular right now, he's still one of the best!
B000008806|5.0|This album is something out of this world.  The instrumntals speak volumes.  If ever a music style were to be ranked with the best this would be amongst the top.  Its soft jazzy undertones make the rythm stick in your  mind like nothing else.  An original that could never be replicated.    I  love this CD.  I tell people of it all the time.  Though I wish the word of  this hit gets out, I also want to keep it a secret.  It's that catchy tune  you hum and everyone wants to know what it is.  <br />Amazing and thought  provoking!!
0060926317|1.0|This book was cliche and corny. It reminded me of joining a cult. The author seems unable to see beyond her nose. Anyone who would buy this overly simplistic, pseudo-moralistic nonsense needs to get a grip on reality. It is an insult to native peoples everywhere, as well as to every  other civilization. People are part of the bigger picture of nature - I'll  agree with her there. But what she fails to notice is that like all living  systems we have changed too.
0131103628|3.0|I am writing this review with this book on my hand. I bought this book with happiness three days ago, because I thought I was going to start learning computer programming. However, as a beginner, I found myself have a huge trouble to understand this book. I might be a great reference book  for experienced programmers. But for me, it's a hell! I will return this  book an hour later, and get another easier book to start learning C.  However, I will come back to this one as soon as I have some basic  knowledge about C. I believe it will work once I come back.
6303269826|5.0|Wyatt Earp is one of the most intriguing films of it's kind.  Although Costner gives a good performance as Wyatt, I would have to give the supporting cast members the 'golden statue'!  Dennis Quaid does an  impressive Doc Holliday, Michael Madsen plays a dark and sexy Virgil Earp,  Isabella Rosellini plays one of the least seen, yet most remembered  characters as big nosed Kate, and Bill Pullman and Tom Sizemore play the  irrestible Masterson brothers to a tee!  Wyatt Earp delivers action,  suspense, romance, history, and so much more.  Bravo!
0380977281|4.0|I love Neil Gaiman, but for me Stardust was lacked that little bit of darkness that I've come to love in his work. The premise of the book was so wonderful, and I had hoped that it would follow the lines of Gaiman's other work in Faerie. However, I missed the menace of Faerie, as though Gaiman  didn't want to touch that dark side of the myth. But while I didn't love it  as much as I love Sandman and Good Omens, Stardust is still a superior  novel from a highly creative mine. I hope Gaiman is with us for a long  time.
B000001E18|5.0|I've been a U2 fan for about 3 years, and I've noticed that every time I buy a new album by them it takes me a couples of sittings to get used to it.  I wouldn't say this album is any better than the others, because it  completely different.  U2 changes it's sound with every album and that  makes them one of the greatest bands of all time.  Songs like  &quot;Zooropa&quot; and &quot;Lemon&quot; create an awesome sound with the  added synthesizers.  So I would definetly recommend this for any music fan!
6300213714|5.0|This movie is at the top of its genre.  The stylized gangs are truly frightening, fascinating.  As violent as it is compelling, it makes you want to buy a leather vest and a hockey stick.  A fine film.
6305265488|5.0|i saw this movie in the theatres after it was released and could not wait for it to come out on video.  if you are going to rent or buy a movie i totally recommend this one!  it was a entertaining, funny, and romantic.   cinderella with a nice twist.  =)
6302642175|3.0|I watched this movie as a child and got very interested... but today if I saw it again I'd probably throw something at the TV, but my husband likes it so I'll probably wind up buying it. This movies for you if you are into  &quot;video game&quot; type movies..... One good thing I have to say is  this movie would be great for children- teen age people. A clean video with  action &amp; drama without all the 90's cussing that ruins some films  today!!!!!!
0375707972|1.0|I expected more from an Oprah pick of the month book.  There was a beginning and an end, but no middle.  I found it boring, but then, I found Bridges of Madison County boring.  So if you liked that book, then buy this  one.
0780622553|5.0|I have to admit that at the beginning, okay, for the first half hour, I was thoroughly confused by this film.  It makes no introduction, instead just walking directly into the plot and storyline.  Once I got the hang of  it, and once there was enough presented to keep my interest, I was hooked.   The only way I can describe this is that it had the same feel as Seven, the  type of direction in Gattaca, but a look, feel and movement of characters  and storyline far above anything else I've seen in quite a while.  If you  liked The Game, and you like sci-fi in general, this movie is for you.
0679446230|5.0|It seems that all of these reviewers have missed the point. This is not a novel about Ibo culture. It is a novel about the universal themes of identity and balance. Okonkwo is a universal character because his flaws exist, to some extent, in everyone. Things fall apart for him on a  macrocosmic level because he lacks the ability to adapt; they do so on a  microcosmic level because he cannot balance his &quot;masculinity&quot;  with any wisdom. We can all see Okonkwo in our fathers and in our brothers.  One should read this novel not because it is a captivating story of African  tribal life, but because it is a story of fundamental humanity.
0375707972|5.0|I read it in one evening and in the end, I just sat on my couch, my jaw dropped to the floor in awe. The best book I've read in years!
1573225517|5.0|This book scared me, humoured me and amazed me in its initial appearance of complexity but ultimate obvioiusness. I cannot recall a time when an authour has so acurately captured the thoughts, feelings and fears of the male mind in all its irrelevantly shallow glory. This was a book that made  me step back and take a look at the priorities of my life, and like Rob,  wonder where exactly the music fits in. Hornby is a GENIUS of the laid-back  psychoanalysis, whether it seems apparant now or not.
B00000ADG2|1.0|THIS JUST GOES TO SHOW THAT THERE AREN'T ENOUGH GOOD ARTIST AROUND, THAT THEY WOULD NAME A RAPP ARTIST AS BEST OF ANYTHING.
B000002C25|5.0|Be Here Now is a great Oasis recording.  It has it's own feel, as does Definitely Maybe and Morning Glory. I like and listen to all 3 equally. This CD is definitely (maybe) not for dancing which is the way rocknroll  should be. Buy it and appreciate it for what it is no nonsense noise!
B00000DHRX|5.0|Much of my high school years were devoted to the tunes of George Michael and Wham! and I'm so glad that finally, there is a compilation of songs that  I can listen to endlessly, coupled with happy memories of my younger  days.  Thanks George!
B000001FS3|4.0|This classic launched U2 into megastardom, and stands as the crossroads between their earlier gritty political material and subsequent fuzzed-up nineties work. This really is quite a good collection of spiritual,  American-inspired songs, including perhaps the band's biggest hits. Some  songs work better than others (&quot;Bullet the Blue Sky&quot; loses appeal  after many listens), and some are a bit too dark, but overall it works  well.
B000003C4M|5.0|If you are familiar with extreme metal and have never heard this album, where the f@#k have you been.  This is THE album that started everything brutal....everything from Slayer to Cannibal Corpse.......Metallica to  Emperer.......death to black metal....thrash and speed...everything!  This  is their first full length album and though not their best, still one of  the most classic albums ever.  Welcome to hell has a classic metal sound,  while the pounding of In Noimine Satanas will have you slammin.  The  drumming is not the best, and even sloppy at times, as is the other  instrumentation.  But it all comes together so nicely, so, well.....Venom.   This album started the whole thing.  Thousands  of bands owe there  existance to the mighty Venom.
0606056742|3.0|Roald Dahl is responsible for some of the finest novels of the twentieth century, children's books though they be. However, in later years he got a bit daffy, and failed to rise above the mere rout of disgusting characters.  Some kids may find this enough, but everyone should go read &quot;Danny  Champion of the World&quot; to see the author's true greatness.
0446604844|5.0|Within the first 15 pages of this book, Baldacci spins the tale and continues the heart palpitations through the end. This is the second Baldacci novel I have read and I am thoroughly hooked! If you love action,  drama and intrigue, you have to read Baldacci.
B000000W5P|4.0|The best of the Stones' post sixties-era albums displays a remarkable ease and fluidity of rockin' performance. Listen to how &quot;Beast of Burden&quot; sounds as comfortable as an easy chair. I'm not as fond of  &quot;Miss You,&quot; which sounds sort of dated now, but this version of  &quot;Just My Imagination&quot; is great and &quot;Shattered&quot; is one  of my favorite Stones jams of all time.
0375707972|1.0|I found the subject of a young man having an affair with an older woman disturbing.  There was too much focus on the affair, and not enough on the real story; the woman's involvement in the Hitler times.  This is the first  Oprah pick I have not liked.
B00004S8Q9|5.0|This the great and final studio album from Badlands. Recorded 1992-93 it is a testament to the power of Ray Gillen, Jake E.Lee, Greg Chaisson and  Jeff Martin. From the stomping 1st track Healer til the last song, this is  one Killer CD. Anyone who loves ballsy rock and roll will dig this  record.The world lost a great voice in Ray Gillen, I will miss his music  every day of my life. But we all can take comfort in this GREAT CD!!!!!  Long live the music!!!!!!
0393307050|5.0|'Snopes' in California (comment - 30 Nov '98) puts it well: revel in 'Master and Commander' such that you get well and truly hooked; don't draw comparisons with Austen (it's not fair to Mr O'Brian); definitely read the  2nd in the series, 'Post Captain' but do not take it as setting the tone  for the rest of the series. Far from it. It was my best friend who  suggested I read a book from the series and I was luke warm about it at the  time. Nosing around a shop in ST. Katherine's Dock (of all places) in  London on a boring Sunday afternoon, I spotted an abridged version of  'Master and Commander' on audio tape. Taking this as an omen I thought it  wouldn't hurt, especially as I used to spend so much time in my car driving  to and from work. After playing one tape, I almost came to grief whilst  frantically searching for the next in the passenger footwell. In terms of  pace, mood and immediate subject matter, the difference between the first  and second books in this series is something akin to Chalk and Cheese.  After finishing Master and Commander, you're left outside the nearest  bookshop fairly willing the clock to strike opening time for the second  helping; you won't be prepared for Post Captain. You will read through  diligently in the vain hope that some 'orders' will arrive for the intrepid  duo, but alas... The truth is that readers are not prepared for the change  in pace, but my personal feeling is that 'Post Captain' is probably the  most accomplished book in the series and the best example of just how much  Patrick O'Brian is a master of his chosen subject and period. True  evidence, I feel, of a wonderful, three-dimensional author (billyjnyc,  please take note - try Post Captain if you want more depth and roundness to  the characters - trust me). Post Captain is oftened maligned because of the  structured expectations we form before delving into it after Master and  Commander, but it is a beautiful piece of work, a fascinating window on the  localisedsociety of the time and a solid and important foundation for the  rest of the series. As for the rest of the series? Giving up smoking could  never have been as traumatic as closing the cover on the last book: hands  together, praying for another. <br />sc.
0871137380|5.0|Fantastically researched and well writen. Blackhawk Down puts the reader directly into the heat of the battle. Mr. Bowden presented a story of a great military power who has yet to adapt itself in the new world of urban  warfare and how elite U.S. troops are place in needless danger by the  politicians without military experience and unclear political mandates.
B000002KAT|5.0|Van the man fans don't have to be told this is a fabulous album.Somehow he reached a level of transcendence with this album rare to find with any artist.He was able to capture those magic moments we sometimes have which  illuminate the everyday with timeless wonder.I can't be sure as to what he  means in some of the songs, but this doesn't matter, it's the overall mood  he creates that is the essence of this album.In the &quot;Astral  Weeks&quot; album above others, and in songs like &quot;Autumn Song&quot;  from Hard Nose the Highway, he creates what poet Robert Bly has called the  Van Morrison mood (in &quot;The Sibling Society&quot;).Those are the  mellow, magical moods which linger in the recesses of memory and remind us  of our days of glory and the &quot;visionary gleam&quot;(Wordsworth).Van  has never sung better than he does here.Some top jazz musicians help make  the music very special.Words and music blend so well together into one  seamless whole. This is not only my favourite Van album,but my all-time  favourite album.
B00000HZFH|4.0|I have let this album grow on me.  At first it disappointed me.  It is not &quot;Perfect From Now On,&quot; and my disappointment grew from that.  I expected a band to follow one work of absolute genius and beatuy with  another.  If you know Built to Spill I would say this album is comparable  to &quot;There's Nothing Wrong With Love.&quot;  The band has demanded less  from itself.  Many of the songs are catchy, but not in a way that they  haven't been before, such as in previous songs like &quot;Big Dipper.&quot;   This is far from a sell-out album, but it is more clever than ingenious.   That being said, it is very very clever, and it is only because this is a  Built To Spill Album that it merits any criticism.  If any other band hand  put this out I would have given it 5 stars.
6303140157|5.0|This was the best movie in all history.They need to make a sister act 3.I would recka mend that every person living needs to get the movie.It was so good i might buy one right now on line.
0780625129|5.0|Thought provoking.  Some of the best acting I've ever seen.  Edward Norton is the hottest young actor out there.  He should win the Oscar hands down.  Probably the best movie I've ever seen.
B00000G6D8|4.0|I love this album for over 15 years now, and it still keeps me hooked ! Listen again and again to 'New York Groove', 'I'm in need of love' and 'Rip it Out' ! It's the best Kiss solo-album available !
B000002V07|5.0|If sirens swam swamps, they'd lure rednecks to their deaths singing one of these lazily sinister songs. Oh, here is a warm, dark beauty -- beware it's hushed call!
6303481345|5.0|A great movie for those who create life from a piece of paper!  It has a good story, good fighting scenes, sex, love story, mystery and suggests curiosity.  Ninja Scroll is a movie that requires more than just one  viewing session.  Just like Pulp Fiction, it produces conversations from a  variety of viewers.  It's clean, original and direct...displaying  characters that tingle the imagination.  Watch for Ninja Scroll 2 coming  this Spring of 1999.
B000002MUW|4.0|After listening to &quot;Ray of Light&quot; I really had to listen to this record again to restore my belief that Madonna is worth the bother!  Unlike the lyrics of her new album which really don't seem to make sense or 'fit'  the compositions they are put to, Bedtimes Stories always seems to fit the  bill.  If you consider that the lyrics for quite a few of the songs on  these albums are straight from various Metaphysical Poetry, the songs  really take on a 'new level'.  Not to mention the album is damn addictive  to listen to (if you feel like dancing or just for something to occupy your  ears its great!).  I admire how this album was put together - and I love  listening to it!!
0790739909|1.0|Honestly, I am a hopeless romantic, and I thought this movie was one of the most awful movies I have ever seen.  From the very beginning, I just did not buy into the story and it went downhill from there.  The angels all  hanging around in black trench coats made me tense...not to mention that as  a Christian, I found the whole concept to be totally non-biblical, which  may be why I just never got hooked.  I stuck it out for the ending, and  found that even that made me feel empty and mad.  Overall, I think the  movie was too obvious an assault on my senses and it just never touched my  heart.  if you like movies where the dead communicate with the living, try  &quot;Always&quot; with Holly Hunter and Richard Dreyfuss.  Total  tearjerker.
1878424114|5.0|I applied what I have learned from this book and it has changed my life. I have less stress now, and a marked improvement in my health. In addition a promotion that would not have been possible with out the things I have learned from T.S.S.L.of S.. It works for basically good people (with an  open mind) that want to be better. I gave a copy to a friend that was  having people problems at his work place. He was ready to quit his job. Two  days later he called me and said, &quot;Man this stuff really works!&quot;
B000003S28|5.0|Eno accomplished, with this 1978 release, something that few, if any, purported &quot;new age,&quot; &quot;instrumental&quot; or &quot;ambient&quot; musicians have done before or since: create a tightly  structured soundscape with timeless, melancholy, nearly archetypal themes.  The brevity of the tracks is appealing (though on a few one wishes to hear  more).  The listener passes through movements that are intensely personal -  at times melancholy or playful - other times simply profound.  The  invitation of the title of the album is to imagine the kind(s) of film(s)  for which this music would be a good soundrack.  Such a film would, by  necessity, explore the deepest underlying themes of life - the longing for  the eternal, the brevity of biological existence, our essential loneliness,  and our relationship with God.  This album is not only one of the great  ambient works of all time - it may stand one of the greatest of all  recordings.  Time will tell.
B000000T01|5.0|This is a phenomenal video. It's a great documentary, but fun at the same time because everyone in this band is a crack-up.     If you haven't seen it and aren't a big who fan, you will be.
B000000WF9|5.0|The music was beautiful and really fit with the plot
0792152328|5.0|ALl I can say is it's a shame you won't be seeing it on the big screen. I am a regular movie goer. I see about 10 to 20 a year. Including videos, it's closer to 50.    I can't remember in recent times a movie so well put  together, so well executed, so gripping, and so interesting. The character  development is great- you really care about them. The music of course was  good. Special effects- 'nuff said! This was real!    Another seldom  mentioned fact: The time frame for the movie and the boat sinking are very  close to how long it really took to sink. These people knew they were going  down and it took a _long_ time to happen.    I may not be the most  technical movie goer, but I cried at the end of this one and I hope you do  too. It's one of those movies you walk out of the theater after seeing, and  you feel like you will take a while to come back to the real world. You  look at your fellow movie goers and think- &quot;Can you believe we just  saw that? Was that amazing or what?&quot;     Movies like this stay in the  theatres for 6 months for a reason: They kick butt. It's easy (and  adolescent) to go against the grain and say this movie stunk, or was boiler  plate from other movies. But gut feel tells me you won't want to miss this  one. It's a must see.
6303921248|5.0|I absolutely fell in love with this movie when I rented it from the video store. When I ordered it originally, I had no idea that the version came in 6 tapes! Having to stop and start every 50 minutes drove me nuts.  Fortunately, the same video is also available in a 2 tape version (look for  primary contributor Jane Austen). Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle were  delightful in the main roles and the rest of the cast was just as superb.  Definitely a keeper.
0375707972|5.0|I read this book in 2 days.  I loved it.  I couldn't wait to pick it up again.  It forces the reader to face some intresting social and moral questions.  What a treat.
0440178002|5.0|I generally reread this book about every 18 months - it never get old - always interesting and entertaining.
630529142X|1.0|Adam Sandler is funnier than this movie allows.  The only audience for this film is nitwits.  Don't expect Happy Gilmore comedy..you won't get it here.
B000002NJS|1.0|I like Madonna.  I like techno.  This CD is like nails on a chalkboard for me.  Banal lyrics.  Horrifically off-key singing.  A monumentally empty effort, devoid of Madonna's usual wit or intelligence, and expecially  disappointing coming after the whip-smart &quot;Bedtime Story.&quot;   Grammys and sales aside, this is just sad.
0790736314|5.0|This movie still holds up as the scariest movie I've ever seen!  The acting job by Linda Blair was fantastic!  If you want to be frightened out of your wits this movie will do it!  With an outstanding cast and wonderful  score, you can't go wrong!
6305265488|5.0|I would wholeheartedly recommend this movie to anyone, it's one of the best movies  I've ever seen and Drew just shines in the role.  Touching, funny but not fairy tale foolish.  It's just incredible!
B000001FMQ|1.0|Boy, praise the lord KISS is back in their normal phase. This album is absolutely junk. I definitely have to say KISS is the &quot;hottest band in the world&quot; but this certainly does not support that saying at all.  First of all, Paul Stanley is a guitarist, not a piano player. Secondly,  this is hardly even music. It was almost like someone was squeazing the  guys stomachs to &quot;sing&quot; and &quot;play&quot;. This is definitely  not a good example when introducing someone to KISS. Bow down and praise  the men who saved KISS, Ace and Peter. Bob and Eric are very talented, but  don't belong on the stage. Sorry guys, this just does not cut.
0446310786|5.0|I had to read this book for school and I didn't think that it was going to be very good. But, when I got finished, my mind changed automaticly. Lee described Scout and Jem very well, like how Scout was a tomboy. Also, she described Maycomb County well like the people living in it. Like the  Ewell's or the Cunningham's. I would tell anyone to read this book!!
0316152196|5.0|Loved this book, love Harry.  hate his needy wife. Look forward to seeing Clint Eastwood in Bloodwork even if he doesn't look like the FBI agent. There is a touch of realism in the cover- up, just hope Harry will be  around for future books.
B000001ES4|5.0|THE WHOLE CD WAS AN EMOTIONAL EXPERIENCE AND VERY TOUCHING. NOT OFTEN DO YOU LISTEN TO SUCH WARMING MUSIC THAT TOUCHES THE HEART!
B000003BEM|4.0|Sympathy for the Devil is a great song. So is No Expectations. And if you love rockabilly they might all be great songs to you so get this one. But the best of the Stones, in my humble opinion, begins with(for some odd  reason)Brian's death (Let It Bleed)and lasts until Some Girls. Only in  those albums do they truly merge pop-rock and blues into an honest,  original and powerful style. Perhaps it took the pain of Brian's death. Who  knows? Nonetheless, this is a very good album. Just not quite as great as  they can do.
0790740443|5.0|I have always liked Kurt Russell's movies, and Soldier is no exception. A lot has been said about the amount of lines he has in the film, but it is an action movie. Actions speak louder than words in this film. That's what  makes it cool, and Russell shines in this movie.<br />The DVD is pretty good,  the color is great as is the sound. The director's commentary by Paul  Anderson is pretty good because his movies are really cool. He also is  joined in the commentary by actor Jason Issacs (who played Mekum) and  producer Jeremy Bolt. It also has a trailer for the film.<br />Some people  over-analyze a film, when you do, you lose track of the fact that it is  just a film, and take how bad things are too seriously. <br />Soldier may have  gotten bad reviews, but I enjoyed it in the theatres and on my DVD  player.<br />I hope you will like this DVD too.
B000009QPG|3.0|This has always been my least favorite Slayer album.  Too many throwaway tracks, I can't stand the hippie vocals on &quot;Expendable Youth&quot; and &quot;Blood Red&quot;...tried to hard to recreate South of Heaven...
0375707972|3.0|In reading about the Holocaust, I have never put a face or personality to any of the offenders.  This book does this.  Never excusing what was done at the camps, the author gives us a character who is human.
B0000062S0|1.0|ROBERT PLANTS SOLO MUSIC IS MUCH BETTER THAN THIS TRIPE WITH JIMMY PAGE. I DON'T LIKE THIS ALBUM AND I HOPE ROBERT GOES SOLO AGAIN REAL SOON. PLANTS SOLO ALBUMS ARE SOME OF THE BEST MUSIC AROUND.
6305265488|5.0|I saw the movie in the theatres and I want to see it as often as I can.  Buy it, watch it, love it!!! It is an incredibily touching and awesome film!!
6304711891|5.0|Any movie with Nicolas Cage and Sean Connery has great potential. This film does not disappoint.
6305265488|5.0|Absolutly loved this movie I don't know what to say because it is so wonderful the performances from Drew Barrymore,Anjelica Huston and Dougray Scott are so well done the lush photography makes it beautiful to look at.  The music from George Fenton is first rate although i wish he had used the  song's the mummer's dance and fable to make the soundtrack even better. But  Director Andy Tennent has made this conventional story into a wonderful  movie and the performance from Huston is way cool.
0440180295|4.0|Never a boring part and fully entertaining. He jumps around so much which makes it very unpredictable and there are many different people that the main character billy comes into contact with, most of which end up dead somehow or the other. After every death he follows with the coment &quot;So  it goes.&quot;  I think stressing the fact that that's part of life. Quirky  humor and always on the move through time and space. Also extreamly  imaginative.
B0000048V8|5.0|This film transcends all barriers of race, creed, religion, gender, time, etc...its about being a  KID (boy or girl) and having imagination and dreams...I first saw this film in 1984, when I was on my way up......was  working in Lafayette, La., USA...I cried then (I was 28yo)...I still do  every time I watch it...it kills me.
6302814359|5.0|I think this was one of the funniest movies I have ever seen dealing with zombies. The actors, and the music made the movie so funny.  I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to laugh or relieve stess.
630027120X|5.0|The Mission is one of the greatest visual, mucial, and acting films ever pulled off. With Irons as a priest building a mission in the secluded jungle to a group of natives. De Niro is dynamite as the once heartless  hunter into a priest. They are torn between each other when they learn the  mission is to be destroyed and the natives taken to slavery. Masterfully  created in every way possible.
B00000FCBC|5.0|Look I have wanted to do this for years and now I have the chance if you REAL FANS are out there listen up!! This album Rocks! Sure its different, would you want every Metallica album to sound the same? And this hair  deal?? Come on, is that why you like Metallica I really hope not. And who  ever started up the buls**t about them selling out should be smacked upside  the face! These guys are just making music. Sure the old stuff was awesome  but it is not the 1980's anymore!! FINALLY, ALL METALLICA FANS WE REALLY  NEED TO DO THIS ATTACK MTV!!!!!!! CAN YOU EVEN REMEMBER THE LAST TIME WE  SAW A METALLICA VIDEO! THEY CALL IT MUSIC TELEVSION THEY SHOULD JUST SELL  THE STATION TO &quot;BET&quot; CAUSE THEY ARE ALMOST PLAYING THE SAME  S***T!!!!! EMAIL THEM!!! CALL THEM!! WRITE THEM!!! KICK DOWN THIER F****NG  DOOR IF YOU HAVE TO BUT LETS START SEEING SOME METALLICA VIDEOS AGAIN LIKE  THE WAY IT USE TO BE.HELL IF ANYONE HAS SOLD OUT MTV HAS. METALLICA  RULES!!!!!BUY THE ALBUM!!!IT IS AWESOME HELL WHY DO YOU THINK I GAVE IT 5  STARS?
B000005H3M|5.0|This is an outstanding CD, capturing Buddy Rich with one of his greatest bands. Super tight playing by the ensemble, great charts, and of course...an outstanding performance by the greatest drummer of all time. A  couple of highlights...1). The opener, &quot;Norweign Wood&quot; is a very  hip take on the Beatles classic. This tune was an oft requested number for  all of Buddy's subsequent bands when performing live. A great version is  captured here. 2). Buddy's then 12 year daughter provides vocals for the  then popular Sonny and Cher hit, &quot;The Beat Goes On&quot;. She does  great, supported by a very hip arrangement. <br />Great solo action on all  charts from across the band. <br />This CD is a must for all Buddy fans, or  Lovers of non-dance big band music in general.  Check out all the other  titles available from Pacific Jazz capturing different iterations of this  same band thru the late 60's.
B00000BKDV|5.0|I would hate to pick just one Iron Maiden albumn to own; but if I had to, this would be the one. Every song from beginning to end is amazing. The vocals, guitars, bass and drums are so masterfully played, you can't help  but want to listen to the cd over and over again. Iron Maiden is  incredible; Up the Irons!
B000000WJK|5.0|Going to see The Smashing pumpkins, the support band was some unknown band called the Verve. During their set, a friend later told us, all he could see were fireworks exploding all around him. The thing is he wasen't even  drunk. Gives you the general effect of this album. Love them. Hug them and  generally stick them on your sound system.
B000002C4J|5.0|Celine is the best.  She has a beautiful voice
B00000I3JD|5.0|This is my favorite cd that I have ever bought. It be 'Every Ghetto, Every City' (my personal fav.), or Doo Wop (That Thing) her soulful voice and introspective words inspire and move me. I have never really followed  someone's caree like thisr before, but she is just so inspiring. I feel  really bad about the rumors that went around about her when she was with  the Fugees. I LOVE YOU LAURYN!!! I am her #1 fan. She is the best. You have  to get this album. She deserved every Grammy that she got! Go Lauryn!
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is about an un-beleivable subject, but Lois Lowry makes it beleivable.  Join Jonas, Asher, the Giver, Gabrial and the gang and find out how The Community works!
0780622545|5.0|dark and strange.  The moment you enter this &quot;world&quot; you are trying to figure out if this compares to &quot;Blade Runner.&quot;  I really didn't care.  The most striking thing about this film is the  premise.  The SHOCKER came near the end of the adventure.  This film will  become a cult classic but don't let it &quot;stop your clock.&quot;
B000002UDV|5.0|The listener from Sloop John B (yeah, right) is clearly a Beatle mole come to infiltrate to Beach Boys reviews. ;-)<br />Seriously, though, Sgt. Pepper is a great album, one of the finest of its day, or any day, I guess. But  it's a matter of historical record that the Beatles made Pepper in response  to Pet Sounds, which, in turn, was made in response to Rubber Soul.  In my  humble opinion, Pet Sounds is the best of the three.  It's much more  cohesive than Rubber Soul, for sure.  It's also more honest and heartfelt  than Pepper.<br />That's my two cents.
B00000F1D3|5.0|Finally!!.  Cher has graced us with one of her better works.  She is an artist of many mediums. My hat is off to her for this excellent collection of gutsy, brassy tunes!
B00000FCBC|5.0|This CD is quite good, but it's not the kind of album that you'll hear once and love.  I hated it at first and I was kicking myself in the rear for buying it.  After forcing myself to listen to it a bunch, I started to  really groove.  Most people here say that CD 2 is better, but I have to  disagree.  CD 2 is all true heavy metal, however Metallica did not actually  write any of it.  It is my opinion that Metallica is the only band who  knows how to write good heavy metal (and Black Sabbath), so all the stuff  on CD 2 is not up to par with Metallica's other releases such as Ride the  Lightning and the legendary, Master of Puppets.  CD 1 on the other hand is  made up of mostly music that Metallica normally wouldn't write or play,  like &quot;Turn the Page&quot;, &quot;Tuesday's Gone&quot; and  &quot;Whiskey in the Jar&quot;.  This turns out to be the superior of the  two because Metallica can't write that type of music, but boy can they play  it! Sabbra Cadabra grooves to no end, and when the say &quot;HEY!&quot; in  Astronomy, it just rocks to incredible heights!  So, I say buy it for CD 1,  because it's worth it, but you'll be disappointed with the rather mediocre  CD 2.
0312857063|5.0|What an imagination.  I could care less if he borrowed from every other author in the genre.  He simply does a better job than most any other author.  He tells a great story, the ultimate escape, that when finished  you realize it has more depth than Jordan, or Tolkien, or Williams.   Actually I detest Jordan.  He's horrible.  Anybody ever read Snow Crash  where in Neil stephenson writes about books such as the bible that act like   written drugs that make people believe and follow what ever lurks beneath  the pages.  That is what Jordan has done to readers, which I know could be  considered a form of genius, but I consider a form of mind control.  Yuck,  I'm glad I tore myself away from that series before I was possessed by that  kind of evil.  Anyway, The Sword of Truth is an example of prodigious  storytelling that all other authors should study.  Intellectuals, wouldn't  this novel of been already a classic if somebody like Gene Wolfe,  Shakespeare, or Dickens had written it with their incredible use of the  language.  But, oh well, Terry Goodkind is the best there is for this task,  and it seems always will be.
B000001E7T|5.0|... this album is practically flawless. One of the best rock/blues albums in music history. PJ Harvey is the greatest single female artist that there ever will be. <br />I'd give it fifty stars if I could!
0844663662|3.0|This is the first Vonnegut book that I have read, and so, I can not be categorized as a fan. The book is good for, among others, the following reasons: 1)Its non-linear timeline stays fresh. 2) A rhythm is created by repeated motifs. 3)It is at once visceral and sensitive. 4)It is not too  long. 5)It invites you to reconsider some common preconceptions.  6)Published in '68, it reflects its times. <br />I did not rate it a 4, but I  would actually place it closer to that than a 3. Easy to recommend.
6305226296|5.0|ITS HARD TO BELIEVE THAT ITS BEEN THAT LONG AND FAR BACK TO WHEN I FIRST SAW SATURDAY NITE FEVER BUT I MUST SAY THAT THIS ALBUM BRINGS BACK ALOT OF MEMORIES AND THE BEE GEES SOUND BETTER THAT EVER. I THINK I HAVE JUST ABOUT  WORN OUT MY VIDEO AND MIGHT HAVE TO BUY ANOTHER
0060930349|5.0|This book reminds me of the old T.V. show I used to love as a kid,&quot; YOU WERE THERE!&quot; they used to take historical events and cover them as a news jockey would now cover any NFL football game. You felt you were  there. Paul Johnson sets the stage for the same feeling.  It is very  enjoyable way to read history.
0375707972|2.0|I sense an interesting parallel developing here that illuminates the import of the title...Just  as the protagonist slowly is awakened to a significantly more complex moral universe in his experience with Hannah and  the quagmire of modern German history, I sense that many readers of this  book, who are generally not in the habit of reading serious contemporary  European literature, or serious literature at all, are being awakened to a  more  complex fictional vista that goes considerably beyond the nicities of  character development and &quot;nice writing&quot;. Hence the complaints of  poor writing and strange plotting. This is a curious phenomenon, when a  serious work becomes pushed into the populist spotlight in front of an  unsuspecting audience.. I am reminded of &quot;The Name of the Rose&quot; a  few years ago. But &quot;The Reader&quot; reminds me of &quot;The Painted  Bird&quot; by Kosinski. It has the same oddness about it. It will be  interesting to see it disturbing genteel book discussions groups for  awhile.
1881273156|5.0|I'm not married yet, but soon will be and I picked up this book and was captured by it from the very start.  It really does help you find your mates love language to create a better atmosphere of love in a different  more intimate way with your mate than you have ever thought.  Not just a  &quot;how-to&quot; book, but a real marriage enhancer.  Definitely  recommended for couples who are engaged to get a head start on your future  mates love language.
1563890410|5.0|O.k., so why do you need to read yet another review singing the praises of Season of Mists?  You probably don't have to, but I need to tell you this book is nothing short of incredible.  The dialouge, art and story are simply fantastic.  Mr. Gamien weaves ancient mythology and psychological  archetypes with remarkable dexterity.  Warning:once you read Season of  Mists, it's very likely you will never look at the world in the same old  mundane way.  Truly a master at the peak of his form
B000001ELL|4.0|i think some of the reviews written for this cd judge it and the music of kiss too harshly...particularly the one written by david newman. i think it's a great cd..sure,it's not their best,but kiss has always been about  having a good time and good music. and for those who overanalyze their  music,they just don't get it. trust me,get this one if you're a kiss  fan..it's better than most people make it out to be.
0812550706|5.0|I loved this book, whoever gave this book less than five stars are not telling the truth. This book really made me think in a different way, from the future.  This book is a definite must-read.
B0000025D0|5.0|This one strikes deep into the soul. Yes, it's dark and moody, but that's what great about it. My favorite CD for those days when I'm driving backroads through small towns. A true reflection of the American dream for  a better life.
6300218031|5.0|This is one of the best films in the 80's.  Just a real feel good, fun flick!  Anyone who attended High School in the 80's can appreciate it and will have High School flashbacks of their first loves!
B00000255F|5.0|Bruce's songs may have been written in Jersey in the '70s, but they apply to anyone, anywhere at any time who searches for a better life. Thunder Road, Jungleland and the others are poetry in music.
630529142X|5.0|The waterboy is a rib-cracking comedy that'll keep you laughing from start to finish.  My wife and I Loved it !!!  Dale M.
0606056742|5.0|I am the mother of a 9 year old and 6 year old twins.  Finding a book to be able to read to them all, at the same time, AND keep them interested, isnt an easy stask! Dahl's &quot;The Twits&quot; not only kept everyone interested, but quiet as well!!!!  They just loved this book! Roald Dahl's  ability to write descriptions in such a way that you don't need pictures,  makes this a read a loud story even more memorable for everyone!
0792151712|1.0|I thought the movie was awful.  Maybe because when I saw it, it was on New Year's Day 1998. (Can you say &quot;Hangover&quot;?  I was actually still drunk!)  So, sitting in a theater with a bunch of pre-pubescent girls who  cried like the day they were born didn't make it a pleasant experience.   The dialogue was banal, the love story was implausible, the villian (Cal  Hockley) wasn't very villianous, the old lady was just plain annoying,  Leonardo DiCaprio makes me sick no matter what he plays, and people  obsessed over the movie long afterwards.  GET OVER IT!!  THE SHIP SANK!  I  admit, the special effects during the ssinking were chillingly real, that  doesn't make up for the rest of this monstrocity of a movie.  Let there be  a lesson in all of this, $200 million was spent to make this film.  That's  enough for a taxi ride from Earth to Uranus and back 6 times!!  Was it  money well spent?  I think not!
B00000BKE1|2.0|This is clearly one of the worst albums by Iron Maiden.  Bruce Dickinson seemed bored with the material.  Many of the songs are monotonous and boring.  The only real standout songs on the album are &quot;Fear of the  Dark&quot;, &quot;Afraid to Shoot Strangers&quot; and &quot;The  Fugitive&quot;.  Iron Maiden would bounce back later with &quot;The X  Factor&quot;.
B0000024YL|5.0|Truly the best of the folk/pop duos of the late 60's/early 70's.  Want to relive the 60's? Can't do it without this collection!  Every song is an adventure in itself. Brings back warm memories of good times.  While it  certainly doesn't hurt to listen to Paul Simon sing, it is truly a treasure  to hear Art Garfunkel's lilting, dream-like voice soar through these  recordings.  &quot;For Emily...&quot; WOW!  And classics like, &quot;I Am a  Rock&quot; and &quot;Sounds of Silence&quot;. Music and lyrics are so  intense. Really LISTEN to this album...and mellow out!
0684852756|5.0|Never having read Kureishi before, I picked up this slim volume on a &quot;new&quot; library shelf and was completely blown away.  Its a quick read at only 118 pages but packs an emotional punch on page after page.  Pain and despair define Jay's relationship to Susan.  His resolution to  leave her and their children is examined, disected and  re-examined again  and again.  Anyone who has ever left a long term relationship will feel,  and remember, how devastating it can be.
630529142X|4.0|definitely worth seeing. Lots of funny scenes. If you are looking for a no thought, relax and laugh movie, this is it.
B00000F1D3|5.0|This is a great CD.  It is consistant thoughout.   Having been in club scene during the late 70's early 80's when there was great driving rhythm and beat I can say that this by far the best thing that has happened since  that time.  The consistancy of the music is what really creates the flow  that captures heart and soul.  A tribute to Cher for bringing to the market  what others have been unable to do.  Let's hear more from her and other  artists.  Hopefully she has started a trend in music that will recapture  the positive mood of the rhythm that carries through lyric and melody which  can be movement to inspire.
6302000823|5.0|Hard to believe this film is over a decade old and still viewers are writing in with praise and emotion.  It is and will probably always be my most favorite film.  The lyrical story and flowing score never fail to move  me.  I only wish I had had the chance to see it in the theatre.  I heard a  DVD version is in the works... :)
B000002J1H|5.0|This album is my second favourite Yes album after the glorious, &quot;Close To The Edge&quot;.  All five pieces on this album are classic, from the delicate &quot;Wondrous Stories&quot; and &quot;Turn of the  Century&quot;, to the rocking &quot;Going for the One&quot; and  &quot;Parallels&quot; to the intensly spiritual epic  &quot;Awaken&quot;.<br />&quot;Awaken&quot; is an extremely forward-looking  piece of music.  It combines exotic percussion (before &quot;World  Music&quot; was popularized), ambient moods (before &quot;New Age&quot;  music), church music and hard rock.  The lyrics are some of Jon Anderson's  best. To me, this is certainly the most moving piece of music that Yes, or  maybe any rock band for that matter, has created.<br />&quot;Turn of the  Century&quot; is Jon Anderson's best piece of storytelling.  If it doesn't  touch your heartstrings, then you have a heart of stone - like the critic  who discusses Yes on the Amazon.com site.<br />People shouldn't review what  they don't understand.  Also what is written is usually more reflective on  the nature of the writer than on the nature of the subject.  In that case,  the critic is a very bitter man.  Amazon.com should know better.   Shame!!<br />Enough of that!!  I have turned many people, of both genders, on  to Yes with this disk.  The beauty is there for all to behold.  Just  receive it!!
0800177177|5.0|Another Coppola Classic
B000002LR3|5.0|One reviewer below claimed this album was not as good as &quot;Give Out But Don't Give Up&quot;.  Give me a break!  This album is superior by far.  From their cover of the 13th Floor Elevators' &quot;slip inside this  house&quot; to &quot;I'm Comin Down&quot;, it's a great CD.  I actually  like most of the lesser known songs better than &quot;Loaded&quot; or  &quot;Come Together&quot;.
B000003NA4|4.0|Hey what happened to the piano playing that was such a strong feature of &quot;All For You&quot;? Its a major disappointment that she doesnt stretch out more on this disk as Diana can clearly tinkle the ivories with a fair  degree of dexterity. That said, its a fine vocal performance throughout, a  great choice of material and a top flight production. I hope that on her  next album she takes a few more chances and shows us what she can really  do. to see what I mean, check out any of Claire Martin's albums  (particularly &quot;Make this City Ours&quot;) for great vocals, great  playing, more variety and more risks.
0783226543|5.0|Behind the desperate nature of Pacino's caracter triying to leave New York , there's a message about the problems that sometimes haunt us forever  no matter what . A very nice movie , An amazing ending . A must see for all Al  Pacino's fans out there.
B000002NJS|5.0|This is such a GREAT cd. RAY OF LIGHT is Madonna's best work since Erotica! I luv the CD so much. I luv all the songs on it. Songs such as &quot;THE POWER OF GOOD-BYE&quot; and &quot;RAY OF LIGHT&quot; are so  wonderful. Madonna puts all her emotions in the songs. They all come out  beautiful! I luv this CD and recommend it to everyone.
1878424319|5.0|A reminder that each person is a gift from God to each of us - honor yourself and each other by discovering your own truths and enrich everyone by being true to yourself.
B00000F1D3|5.0|I luv this CD. It's such a great CD. I luv it. Cher does a great job!!
6305166021|5.0|I'm 48 years old.  I want to take dance lessons, I want to take violin lessons and I want to watch this video at least 100 more times.<br />The pace of the show was great.  My emotions and my heart-rate ebbed and flowed with  each number.<br />Sure, Flatley hammed it up a bit... he crawled, he smirked,  he nuzzled -- but it all fit in with the obvious fun everyone in the cast  was having.<br />If you're a &quot;traditional Irish dancer&quot; and want a   training piece to show your history students - don't buy this tape.<br />If  you're a lover of great Celtic/Irish style music, beautifully choreographed  troupe dancing and heart-stopping fiddle playing -- skip your next house  payment and buy this video.<br />The only suggestion I have for the next video  is for there to be more and longer close-ups of some of the dancers in the  troupe.  The camera switches are so fast it become distracting at  times.<br />I'd also like phone numbers of all the lady dancers. ( just  kidding honey )
6305265488|5.0|barrymore is great, my kids loved it and i can't wait to get the video next week. thumbs way up!
6304813759|5.0|Being British I know the 'types' in this movie so well. They are brilliantly portrayed by Robert Carlyle and his colleagues. Also, being a child of the seventies the musical score brough back many memories as I'm  sure it did for most viewers. A group of (girl) friends and I got together  to see this movie for the first time and were wiping away the tears of  laughter. Well done Peter Cattaneao (director) we look forward to more of  the same.  What can I say - it was excellent and deserves to be what it is,  &quot;the best selling British movie of all time&quot;
0671027344|5.0|Excellent, well-written story about a year in the life of a unique yet common 15 year old.  The novel, although being a quick read, is a sincerely deep tale of the life experiences of \\"Charlie\\".  His emotional instability  is something almost everyone can relate to (although probably not at the  high level that Charlie experiences).  Chbosky delivers with his unique  format, as he pulls you in as if you may be the friend to whom the letters  are addressed.  Overall, this book is extremely enjoyable, and anyone who  attended high school should be able to relate.
B00000AFWW|5.0|My choices in rock music usually lean toward the older rockers, and I'm not as familiar with the work of the younger set. Caught title single on one of the music channels, which piqued my interest: In short, I was hugely  impressed by Miss Love's sharp, and often very poignant lyrics, which were  backed by a wall of ferocious sound. I imagine the album will remain  listenable for years to come... Thanks.
B0000047CX|5.0|I have a good collection of records and CD's of all types of music. I truly enjoy listening to artistic and well defined tunes, vibrations that penetrate your soul and touches every one of your emotions.  Getz/Gilberto  is by far the best item in my colletion and it will remain as a masterpiece  in spite of the years because there is no time boundaries for beauty.
B000002GXS|4.0|Although &quot;Swordfishtrombone&quot; and &quot;Bone Machine&quot; are superior artistic statements, this is a sentimental favorite of mine.  Waits would never again write so simply or sound so sad.  &quot;Shiver Me  Timbers&quot; gets me every time.  Treat yourself to this overlooked  classic.
0446604844|4.0|My third David Baldacci book - just as captivating as Absolute Power, as unnerving as The Winner - imagine that people have this much control. I find this authors plots to have more depth than Grisham. I finished it last  night and can't wait to start A Simple Truth.  Baldacci is my new favorite  writer.
B000000WFF|5.0|I have a copy of this CD. If anyone wants it, call (610) 630-1135. I'm selling it for only $6! What a steal!
6305297525|4.0|I enjoyed this movie far more than I thought I would.  The first hour is tough to get through as the family must endure some truly heartbreaking tragedies but the overall meaning of life and love makes the journey well  worth it.  Soul mates must never stop in their pursuit to be together!
6304117345|1.0|Not since Sally Field's flight from a pack of stereotypically vicious and stupid Iranian fundamentalists in &quot;Not Without My Daughter&quot; has an American film painted such a closed-minded picture of Middle-Eastern  people.  The Arabs or Persians portrayed in this movie (we're never  actually told exactly _what_ they are--the art being smuggled is Persian,  but the terrorists are referred to as Arabs) have no identifiable redeeming  qualities other than that they're apparently quite adept at theiving  massive works of art and waging war on us Americans.  This film is yet  another exploitation of the transfer of American fear and anger from the  Commie Russians to the Insane Muslims in the post-cold war period.  They  didn't even make a half-hearted attempt to soften the blow to Arab/Persian  cultures by casting an actor of Middle-Eastern heritage on the &quot;good  guy&quot; side.  Alas, the star power of Arnie will be too much to dissuade  anyone from viewing this movie.
0385493800|4.0|The first chapter of the book captures you heart and soul and keeps you hanging on the edge until the very last page.  Especially loved the fact that the ending wasn't predictable. Better than the &quot;Street  Lawyer&quot; and much like Grisham's earlier novels that captured his loyal  reading audience. This book has something for everyone:  a tragic death,  love, spirituality, greed and travel.  The very vivid descriptions of the  travel around Brazil would make a great backdrop for another motion   picture.  Similar to &quot;Out of Africa&quot; but only in Brazil with a  recovering lawyer on a desperate search for a hiding missionary woman who  has no interest in what many today can't live without: money and power. A  great vacation book for those of us who can't put down a book once they  pick it up!
B00000HYXB|5.0|This new album from blind guardian is a masterpiece of a record,its amazing you should go and get this if you like hammerfall and iced earth great story line for this record<br />blind guardian is the best!
6304044836|5.0|The first major flaw in the original is Sabrina's attempted suicide. It is unbelievable and makes her a much weaker character than in the remake. The new Sabrina would never hurt her father that way and in spite of her  obsession with David, she has a quiet inner strength that develops  throughout the film.  The pathetic presence of the father in the original  is marvelously corrected in the remake. With Linus as the paternal  figurehead and his mother as the strong matriarch of the family, the entire  atmosphere changes for the better.  David Laraby is far better cast not as  a man who can't stay married but as a good man who just needs to rise up  from under Linus' shadow. The &quot;new&quot; David has character and charm  and likability far superior than the original. The viewer likes him even  though he doesn't necessarily like what he does. The characters in the  remake are far more believable, the dialog is clever, memorable, and very  funny in many places. The romance between Linus and Sabrina develops far  more believably in the 1995 version. This Sabrina is very wise and digs  deep into Linus' soul and shows him things about himself he has never seen.  He is at first uncomfortable with that, but it ultimately does a  transformational work in him. Another serious flaw in the original is the  quickness with which Sabrina forgives the horrible things Linus has done to  her. Linus has deeply violated and hurt her.  In the remake she does not  just fall into his arms at first sight of him.  Linus must reach deep into  her heart and heal the wounds he has caused. He opens up to her in a way he  has never done to anyone and admits that she is the key to  &quot;saving&quot; him from himself. Finally totally convinced of his  sincerity and love, she falls into his arms.  Critics are right when they  say there is no comparison between the original and the remake. But far too  many of them favor the wrong movie.  The 1995 Sabrina will be a classic in  its own right.It's excellent!  It's a shame it has not yet gotten its  much deserved credit.
0375701427|1.0|I've always been slightly sceptical about Philip Roth, but now I am outright repulsed by him.  Every book he writes reiterates the same old cliched themes, and &quot;American Pastoral&quot; does this with  particularly annoying aplomb.  While reading this book, not only do you not  give a fig about Swede Levov, you almost want to follow the example of his  radical daughter, Merry, and blow off a bomb just to wake yourself up.  If  you need to read a Roth, try Henry instead.
6305265488|5.0|this is a wonderful movie. people of all ages will enjoy it. drew barrymore is the best! i recomend it to everybody.
0380713802|5.0|I bought this book in Heathrow while waiting for my plane to Boston. Some indefinite time later I was surprised to find myself landing. This book is brilliant! While not intended for a serious traveler this is great for  anybody who's been to Europe, especially for those who have traveled  lightly, never staying in any one place more than several days. My  experience is in many ways similar to that of Mr. Bryson, and while I'm not  as sarcastic as he is, I can attest that in most cases he is right on  target. This is a great study of why most stereotypes are so persistent -  that's because for the large part they are true! What really surprised me,  however, was Mr. Bryson's style - he effortlessly combines humorous dialog  and some obviously contrived stories with great, almost poetic (Northern  Lights, for instance) descriptions of places he's seen. Not many writers  posses his skill. For those who did not like this book - lighten up, folks  - this is not your average &quot;two thumbs up&quot; trip to Disney Land.  Thanks a lot for this great and very funny book.
0783229526|5.0|People who are bashing this movie have obviously never had fun in there life. Yes, some parts were gross, but I'm sure 90% of the population can relate to throwing up due to having too much fun through Drugs or  Drinking.<br />I don't party anymore, and I don't drink or do drugs, but I use  to when I was younger and I said there was no way to describe what it was  like. I was wrong. This movie is right on. <br />I just couldn't stop laughing  for one second.
6301247485|1.0|Anyone who has read the book (Robert Redford apparently didn't) can tell that this movie is a pathetic adaptation of a really good book.  Robert Redford ruins the mysterious role of Gatsby by playing the pretty rich boy  while Mia Farrow pines annoyingly for her cardboard lover.  Fortunately she  almost redeems herself in the last scene, but by then it's too late to  forgive her insipid portrayal of Daisy.  Sam Waterston as Nick Carroway is  a breath of fresh air and some of his better monologues are taken straight  from the book, but they don't fit among the remaining tripe of the  screenplay.  Frances Ford Coppola's screenplay was distinctly dissapointing  and almost deplorable, especially for a master of his standing.  The two  best acted parts were two of the breifest speaking roles--those of George  Wilson and Gatsby's father.  And it looks like it was filmed in Newport,  not on Long Island.        The parties were a spectacle if you like that  sort of thing (I do) and the costumes were gorgeous, especially the flapper  dresses.  Robert Redford was never meant to be put in a pink suit, but  Daisy and Jordan's dresses were beautiful.  Gatsby's pile of shirts was  pathetic, but that hardly counts.      Overall, a waste of two hundred  twenty four minutes.  This movie is only good for Redford (or Farrow) fans,  and only if they are watching the movie especially for him and don't mind  the absence of plot, character development.  <br />Read the book.
0792151712|2.0|Leonardo brought this review down a lot. He CANNOT act and he doesn't look old enough to be Kate Winslet's lover. There are lots of good people that could be Jack. By the way, he's not king of the world!
B00000AFWW|5.0|&quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; is an amazing album - very catchy and addictive.  To those who say Courtney Love is untalented, well, you're wrong, and if you still think so after listening to CS, you're still wrong.   Maybe part of the appeal of this album is that Billy Corgan helped with a  few of the songs - being a big fan of him, it's hard not to appreciate his  contribution.  Favorite tracks: Northern Star, Boys on the Radio...it's  impossibly hard to pick just one. Erin
0792151712|3.0|The movie was okay but they should have based the characters on real people to pay tribute to those who died. The villan wasn't too villanous. There was probably somebody better to play Rose and Jack then Leonardo  DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. At first I thought this movie was good but now  its only okay.
B000001ES4|5.0|I would recommend their music to everyone
B00000BKI4|5.0|Per the 1 star review below, this isn't music for everybody, for sure. Slow, SLOW, melodic, haunting, and different than anything I have heard (not that I profess to be worldly).  But when I heard the lyrics in Holes  referring to time (&quot;that big blue open sea, that can't be  crossed&quot;) I was hooked.  Some of it is indeed weird.  Track 12?  I got  no clue what that's about.  But most of the songs work, and grow on you,  like every good song eventually does.  I can't compare this to anything to  convince you to buy it.  But if you are reading this and wondering if you  should grab it, please do so.  I'm talking to you, the person who is  looking for something different, not the inane sounds of MTV.  In fact, I  rejoice that most people would blink like a 'Simpsons' character when faced  with music like this.  I'm not an elitist, but I find it wonderful that I  can't define the music that in a way defines me.  Forgive me for  rambling...
B000001GBJ|5.0|You will not be sorry that you purchased this album
0375707972|5.0|I couldn't put this book down. I can't wait to reread this work.  The tale of Michael and Hanna and postwar Nazi Germany reminded me of not only the victims of the Holocast but the participants, and in this case, an  explanation of sorts.  I highly recommend this book as a keeper!!
B0000019PA|5.0|This record has the uncanny ability to be sad and joyous at the same time. It has the incredible dream-like quality of something that is very familiar and close yet strange and unreachable. It touched me in a way that only a  few recordings I've heard have. The last record that even closely affected  me this way was Guided By Voices' &quot;Bee Thousand&quot;. ITAOTS  surpasses that exponentially. <br />I also highly recommend NMH's first  record, &quot;On Avery Island&quot;. Not as strong over all, but has  moments just as intense as ITAOTS.<br />One of the best rock records ever  made.
B00000729S|5.0|If you appreciate originality  If you believe in nothing   If you demand everything Become a MONK The Monks were punk before anyone knew what to call it. These guys were wearing monk suits, had the tops(only) of their  heads shaved and they were in Germany in the early sixties.The music is  primal powerful and will immediately make you a fan.They even beat actual  Germans Kraftwerk by several years in the strange costumes and a smirk  category.  THE MONKS-all attitude,but please keep the heavy beat!  *NOTE*  If it can be found there is an excellent book about the Monks and the whole  Monk experienceas told by a member of the band-Eddie Monk It is  titled(appropriately enough) &quot;Black Monk Time&quot; and authored by:  Thomas Edward Shaw &amp; Anita Klemke  was published in 1984 by   carsonstreet publishing- IT'S BLACK MONK TIME!
B000002OR4|5.0|The minute i got this cd i put it into my cd player and was deeply moved by this score. The violin solos are brilliant!!! Track 8 captures the horror of the concentration camps. This score deserves more than just an  academy award.  A true work of art by john willaims!!!
6302158249|5.0|The best live album that's ever been made.  A great moment of music history, and the climax of M.K.'s art. &quot;Telegraph Road&quot;, &quot;Sultans of Swing&quot; and &quot;Tunnel of Love&quot; are as intense  as orgasms to me.  Thank you Dire Staits.
0792152328|2.0|Despite incredible special effects, intricate art/set decoration, lush cinematography, gorgeous costumes, and tense commotion scenes (despite the interlude of the lovers's fate) during the sinking of the ship, Titanic  (the movie/boat) sinks, as suggested by the film, as a result of its  pretention.  James Cameron may have done overexhaustive research on the  launching and sinking of the ship, but forgot another important topic:  the  mannerisms and dialogue of people in the early 20th century.  Hawking  loogies, the middle finger, sex in the back seat (an early reference to  cars being initially dubbed as &quot;brothels on wheels&quot;), along with  various cliched phrases are more associated with the nineties  &quot;culture&quot;.  A certain song/poem Jack recites was not even written  prior to 1912!  As a result, along with the retrospective viewpoint, the  movie conveys an anachronistic nineties period and is therefore too  immature to deal with such a mature topic.  This accounts for the vast  appeal of the film (especially among teeny-boppers) along with its  top-billed stars, Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet.  <br />Leo, along with  Ben Affleck, should never act in period films because they are not willing  to ignore their personal upbringing and bring characters with extremely  different lifestyles to life.  As a result, Jack remains flat and  uninspiring, despite the fact that he stands for the good ol' U.S.A. and  consequently liberation/freedom.  He does well in such films as Basketball  Diaries with which he appears to identify with.  Kate Winselt's acting was  rather disappointing despite giving wonderful perfomances in other period  pieces, namely Jude and Sense &amp; Sensibility.  However this should be  attributed to Rose's lack of character despite her wanting to be a  &quot;rebel&quot;; she is remembered sorely for her wetness, nudity, and  continual wideopen horror stricken glance at anonymous people.  Billy Zane  manages to snivel every line like the villain he attempts to be.  Only  Victor Garber, the Captain, and the extras (the musicians in particular)  display a truer sense of dignity and courage during the sinking of the ship  unlike Jack and Rose who fear above all that their sexual relationsihip  (embodied in the phallic ship) might also sink. <br />Most noticeable,  however, are the various stereotypes aboard the Titanic, mainly the  romanticizing of the poor versus the unfeeling monstrous upper-class.   Recalling A Fish Called Wanda, Titanic appears to propagate that America  and what it stands for is what one should embrace in order to liberate  oneself from demons and society's demons!<br />James Horner's soundtrack is a  complete derivative of the theme song (which has illogical lyrics) and  therefore repetitive.<br />I believe that if more consideration was given to  the script, especially the deletion of the &quot;male fantasy&quot; i.e.  Kate Winslet's posing nude for a portrait (thus removing our shameless  voyeurism), and the relationship between English society and people were  further explored and devoid of stereotypes and cliches,  the acting  would/might follow through and might have actually made a very good  movie.<br />   For all of you who believe that 11 Oscars (recalling Ben Hur!)  is &quot;nuff said,&quot; I recommend that you read Danny Peary's book,  Alternate Oscars, where he correctly identifies that the Academy Awards are  very rarely a good indicator of the merit of a film.
B000000JO3|5.0|you don't have to be straight edge to be moved and memorized by the blunt honesty of the lyrics and the killer sound of this disc.  &quot;Good guys Don't Wear White&quot; is a phrase and a lesson to live by if your 30 and  remembering the &quot;day&quot; or 15 and still looking for the  &quot;day&quot; Deffinatly a Classic to be revisited.
1558216340|5.0|This book reiterates the incredible possibilites of people.  To everyone I have shared this book with, it is simply incredible that anyone would have had the strength and stamina to go through what these men went through.  It  reaffirms ones faith in the future of mankind.
B000000WFZ|5.0|This is a musical score which attains a feeling like none other. The tracks are deeply moving, inspirational, and sad. If you have not seen the movie, do yourself a favor and watch it, noting how the music adds another  dimension to the film. I consider this one of my favorite movie soundtrack  albums and would highly recommend it to anyone in search of a truly  wonderful experience.
0792151720|5.0|titanic is the best! they like it or not..
0440131480|5.0|The thing about Breakfast of champions is that it brings such clarity.  With other books you think about conflicting things and with this one everything is set in stone through simplistic illustrations.  This book is  the ultimate map of wherever you are, especially on the road since a third  of the book is Kilgore trout going to Midland city.  This book also deals  with insanity and bad ideas.     This book is for anyone who is sick of  what they've been told and wants ot hear something new.  It's all the  garbage that plugs up the mind but it's been turned into humor that makes  you feel every emotion at some point in the story.
6302413931|5.0|This movie is my all-time favorite.  It's got Harrison Ford in the beginning of his carreer, an incredible cameo appearance by Dennis Hopper, amazing cinematography. My only problem with this movie these days is that  the ending has changed.  The original ending has Captain Willard call in  the air strike and you see the village being bombed and destroyed  while  the credits are rolling.  However, the version that is can be bought and is  shown on cable TV ends with a fade to black and no destruction of the  village.  This totally changes the entire ending of the film.  Not cool.   Also, why is one of the greatest films of all time not available on DVD?   Overall, you must see this film!!
B000002J6H|5.0|Without any doubt, this album is an great eclectic mix of rock, blues, gospel and acoustic, each masterfully executed by a musician who has been under rated for years.  The only way these tracks could be enjoyed any more  is to actually see Stills perform them live.
0553275976|5.0|This is probably the best book I have ever read.  Masterful writing, well rounded characters, a terrific story and a lot of dramatic tension made this book one incredible read.  Highly recommended for anyone who wants to  learn the art of effective story-telling.  We want more like this, Tom!
0425107469|5.0|I work at a bookstore and frequently suggest this as a read for my customers...they all come back raving about how great it was and could I suggest another (2nd choice-&quot;Lightning&quot;).  I can't IMAGINE anyone  not loving this book (if they don't, they must not like dogs or a good love  story, and I can't imagine THAT either)
B000002JQ6|4.0|I listen to a lot of different types of music and I have to say this live cd is one of the best.  It keeps the listener energized and enjoying the different song from older cds to there newer ones when it came out.
6304432488|5.0|Jeremy Irons (Simon) is a great actor, because he really uses his sly voice to sound cool.  Bruce Wilis is the man.  Both should come to Seattle.  Luckily I know that Sam Jackson has.
6305265488|5.0|THIS MOVIE WAS GOO
B000002UVX|5.0|I would define Jimi's guitar work on &quot;Band of Gypsies&quot; as unbridled passion and creativity. Jimi proves why he was the undisputed creative genius of the eletric guitar. Listen to the screaming agony of  Jimi's guitar work on &quot;Machine Gun,&quot; it will take your breath  away. Nobody could handle a Vox Wha Wha Pedal like Jimi, just listen to  &quot;Them Changes,&quot; the guitar sounds like it's alive. From the  inter-stellar blues of &quot;Power of Soul&quot; to the inspiring  &quot;Message of Love&quot; Jimi was genius was something to be cherished.  This album is a &quot;live treasure.&quot; I've cried several times just  listening to it. Von Ehman
0783226063|5.0|Even virtually 15 years (can you believe that!) after it's initial release it still mesmorizes me. Although there are obvious holes in the movie that those of us who read the novel are very much aware of, this adaptation of  Frank Herberts epic novel feeds the imaginative senses with its wild,  fantastic and mystifying vision of a world and a future that descriptively  displays the familiar and continual struggles and intrigues of empire and  civilization that is the story of human history. Schemes and plots, mystery  and fantasy, sacrifice and violence, trials and triblutation, this story  has it all. I highly recommend this movie and just like many other I know,  still hope for the release of the 190 minute version which helps fill some  of the holes found in the initial theatre release. The absolute best  closing music score I've heard, ever. It just so perfectly complemented the  movie. any way, I've babbled enough about this movie.....indeed, THEY SHALL  COME ALL FOR VIOLENCE..
B0000009SY|5.0|&quot;Watermelon in Easter Hay&quot; is the greatest guitar solo ever recorded by anyone. It is reportedly Gail Zappa's favorite song. Incredibly beautiful music that goes from quiet to intense in 9:05! Buy this CD just  for this one song if nothing else. The entire CD is incredible but I just  wanted to comment on this one masterpiece. It brings tears to my eyes now  as I listen again and think of the genius of Frank Zappa.
B000002OPN|5.0|This album shows why Jimi hendrix was more than just a guitar player. &quot;Axis Bold As Love&quot; is a  unique-one-of-a-kind-musical-fairy tale. It is full of stunningly beautiful lyrics, melodies and guitar work.  As artists we should all aspire to this level. If you can for keep from  listening to Jimi, check out the performances of Noel Redding and Mitch  Mitchell. It is my  favorite of Jimi's studio albums. The &quot;Axis  Album&quot; really brings out Jimi's inner sensitivity as a human being.  The Jimi Hendrix Experience was a great band. Period Von Ehman
6303012140|5.0|i seen demolition man and i was like wow! this films got mad special effects and an even better cast! i would recommend it to any1!
630512065X|5.0|Cats is A wonderful world of color, music, dance, and emotions. Only cats can take you so far out of  reality, yet you still can relate. Once you see this musical, your life is not, and canot be compleat without it. It is  more than an dream come true. If you beleive in magic, whatch this vidio!
B00000I2R5|5.0|I like the song &quot;Pretty Fly, for a white guy&quot;. I think that this CD is really awesome, because I actually like most of the songs on there. I also like the song &quot;Walla walla&quot;. But I think that their pevious  albums were some what better. The album &quot;Ignition&quot; is really good  too. The song &quot;Hypodermic&quot; is very good indeed. What I really  like about the songs are mainly the lyrics. I think that they are pretty  good. I like the music too. Someone first recommended  me to buy this  group's CD, and since then I think that they are absolutely fabulous. My  favorite song is &quot;Pretty Fly, for a white guy&quot;
0553208845|3.0|SUPI
0805241183|5.0|This translation is much better than the one by the Muirs
B000002B35|5.0|I would recommend this cd set to anyone with half a brain.  Pink Floyd is the best group of musicians I have ever listened to and this cd set just shows how good they are in concert.  Many of the songs sound better live  than they did in the studio. If you didn't go to the concert or even if you  did buy the video, you won't regret it.  Simply put, this is the most  incredible set of music I have ever listened to and with awesome cover art.   David Gilmour has to be the greatest guitarist ever.
6305265666|4.0|A fun telling of the Cinderella story, though dragged down by the occasionally stupid dialogue.   I found myself enjoying it despite myself.  The perfect example of a guilty pleasure for adults
6305265488|5.0|drew barrymore is a wonderful actress, my favorite. i thought this movie was the best movie ever, better than anything. i loved it. it showed real strength, and courgae of a woman, and a romantic love story. the cast was  wonderful and real. if you have not seen this movie yet, i suggest you go  see it, you won't be disapointed.
6304508611|5.0|This movie is really well-made.  Sissy Spacek is exceptional as high-school misfit Carrie White, and Piper Laurie as her mother who is a religious fanatic.  The camera work and angles are very effective and  dramatic, especially the shots in which the knives are hurdled through the  air, aimed at Carrie's mother.  A must see for fans of the &quot;good&quot;  horror movies, that means NOT Friday the 13th, part 85.
B000002HPV|5.0|No one comes close to the genius of Bjork.  Great lyrics, outstanding music, and vocals that are uniquely hers.  The only thing better than Bachelorette is the video for Bachelorette on Volumen.  If you don't like  her, there must be something wrong with you.  And for all you fake Bjork  lovers, PLUTO RULES.  Maybe you're just not playing it loud enough.
0425152251|5.0|&quot;Sophie's World&quot; is an excellent novel, one that brilliantly weaves the history of philosophy with an intriguing tale of one young girl's adventures.  The work really makes the reader consider his or her  position in this world and infinity.  While raising typical philosophical  questions, &quot;Sophie's World&quot; also brings up issues of which  everyday individuals normally do not think.  For example, do we really  exist?  Or, are we just characters in someone's story?  &quot;Sophie's  World&quot; is a must read, and it must be read more than once.
6305297525|5.0|This movie was the best movie I have seen in a long time.  If you believe in fate and destiny and having a soul mate.....this is the movie to see.  Robin Williams was great! It made me realize how much I love my life and  the people who are in it.  It tells you in one way or another not to take  your life for granted... you never know when your time is up.The setting  was beautiful, I let myself drift away into this movie.  You could view  this movie in many different ways, it didn't focus on any one religion.  How you believe is how you view it, and that is a good thing. I recommend  this movie to anyone who has ever dreamed.  I recommend it to anyone who  has ever wondered what heaven looks like... it's how you want it to  look.This movie truly touched my heart.
6301978587|4.0|Despite all criticisms to the contrary, this is a superb first directorial effort for Barbra Streisand.  There are lapses, here and there, and the first quarter of the movie is a bit languid, but as soon as Anshel and  Avigdor begin their journey, the wit and romanticism that has always been  at the heart of the best Streisand performances breaks through.  All the  actors are wonderful, down the small roles, and Streisand's obvious care is  apparent.  Her direction is strong and full of great feeling, and the look  and &quot;feel&quot;  of the movie oddly reminiscent of Dutch painting. A  great treat for Streisand fans, and a good, if not great film on its own.   When the divisive Streisand camps are all gone, this movie musical will  stand the test of time.
B000001E8P|5.0|A surperb and emotionally intense album with moving lyrics.  Jarvis Cocker's quotable lyrics prove him to be one of the most underrated songwriters today. Each song is charged with heartfelt emotion, especially  the wonderful, anthem-like Common People.  Songs like  &quot;Mis-Shapes&quot; and Disco 2000&quot; are also excellent. Anyone who  considers themselves a serious music fan should buy this album.
B000002MTR|4.0|After BloodSugarSexMagik, and Frusciante's departure, I wondered who the boys would get to replace him. Dave Navarro was not who I was expecting. I remember when this album was first released, back before MTV sucked so  much, they were doing a lot of stories and interviews with the band about  it. When Navarro said that he &quot;never liked&quot; funk music and  &quot;didn't like&quot; a lot of the Chili Peppers' previous stuff or some  of the funky songs on this album, I was worried and confused. Why recruit a  guy who doesn't even like the type of style you are most influenced by?  Well, the result was a good album, but still not as good as BSSM.  Transcending is an amazing song, and there are many gems on OHM, but it  just doesn't have the same funky groove as Mother's Milk or  BloodSugarSexMagik. It's not Navarro's fault, and it's not even bad. It's  just a little different.
6304467583|5.0|I have seen THE GODFATHER TRILOGY and in my opinion it is the best movie trilogy to date. Sorry GEORGE LUCAS, STEVEN SPEILBERG etc. and here's why I think it is. The performances by MARLON BRANDO, AL PACINO, ROBERT DUVALL,  ROBERT DENIRO, DIANE KEATON and JAMES CANN are some of the best to date as  the trilogy tells the story of a mob family and what happens to them and  thier eneimies and associate's what happens I won't give away just watch  and see. I felt that this was FRANCIS FORD COPPALA'S finest work ever and  after seeing THE GODFATHER TRILOGY I'm sure you'll agree.
6305076464|5.0|To give you an idea of just how loyal and popular this classic comedy series fan base is, last year my wife found me a 1998 Fawlty Towers calander to hang in my office. How many other shows that have been out of  production for 20 years can boast that? My favorite episode is &quot;The  Psychiatrist&quot;. If you don't laugh when Basil climbs the ladder and  taps the window, have someone check you for a pulse.       If you like this  type of British comedy, check out &quot;Chef&quot; starring Lenny Henry.  Both series are a must for your library.
0553288105|5.0|Isaac Asimov is no doubt the finest of all sci-fi writers. The way he builds up completely different realities, completely possible in his mind, and the way he puts these realities to writing, are by all means a heavenly  godlike experience. One might actually think he lives in such realities,  thus understanding the finest details in every word chosen and all the  acting characters themselves.
B000002OX7|5.0|This is probably the finest example of the sound of the &quot;Who&quot;.  Mixing straight forward rock and roll with the mournful sound of &quot;Behind Blue Eyes&quot;.  One cannot help but feel the emotion in this  collection of songs.  Ranging from sadness to pure joy on to rebellion all  in one album! I consider this to be one of my personal favorites, destined  to become a classic.  Sounds as fresh and envigorating today as it was on  its original release date of 1971!  Superb!!!
B000007RV5|4.0|this cd is great except for the fact that they just bacically copied korn. despite the fact, their rap/ metal mix is overall awesome
B00000IGGA|5.0|Another classic?  Heard Filipino Box Spring Hog before, as for the rest . . . &quot;Eyeball Kid&quot;?  Isn't that a line from &quot;Such a Scream&quot;?  Read somewhere that Tom recorded most of this album outside.   Just looking at the titles tells me enough.  Can't wait to hear it.
076781326X|3.0|With lavish sets, tasteful color, hummable tunes, and two well-cast parts (Moody and Wild), this can hardly fail to be a pleasant slice of solid  entertainment. But to the viewer from Ft. Lauderdale and all cinema buffs  out there, I cannot stress enough that maestro David Lean's 1948 filming of  &quot;Oliver Twist&quot; is the one to see! (See my review--and  Amazon's--for the Criterion DVD edition.) For all that &quot;Oliver!&quot;  provides in the above categories, &quot;Oliver Twist&quot; blows out of  sight. Acting, script, music, everything truly represents cinema at it's  utmost brilliant! For you visual connoisseurs, the spellbinding photography  and art direction is the greatest ever crafted (you Welles and Kubrick fans  which is an ordinary series of shots in Reed's &quot;Oliver!&quot;, becomes  the most brilliant five minutes in film history in Lean's &quot;Oliver  Twist!&quot; P.P.S. Just to prove that I'm not an easy audience, check out  my review for &quot;Citizen Kane!&quot;
B000005J56|5.0|Esta es la esencia de la estructura ritmica de la verdadera musica afro-internacional (no la basura que hoy conocemos como &quot;salsa monga&quot;). Este es el &quot;U Turn&quot; que le hace falta a la  generacion de hoy para apreciar lo que es musica de barrio que sale corazon  de musicos maduros sin intereses comerciales... esto es un tesoro! Este CD  tiene sabor a raices!
0451167716|3.0|I was surprised at how readable Mario Puzo's legendary book was.  I finally tackled the book after seeing the movie about 10 times.  It has been sittng on a bookshelf for 5 years now and I finally had to give in.   It follows very close to the film, if you've seen it, with enough added  information to augment what you already know about these characters.  The  novel developed the character of Johnny Fontaine much more than I would  have expected.  Fontaine is the Sinatra-like singer that gets his big  comeback courtesy of THE GODFATHER.  Interesting were the two very big  anachronisms.  The first one is somewhat minor.  A circa 1947 reference to  blacklisted writers and actors is a little early.  HUAC was investigating  at this time, but the term blacklisting wasn't coined until the 1950s.  The  second oddity is the 1946 reference to James Dean, a guy who wouldn't make  his first movie until 1954.  I was surprised that a skilled writer such as  Puzo could make such obvious blunders in a major best-seller.
6304056958|5.0|One of the greatest (and still most underrated) Hollywood comedies, about the lives, lies and tricks of few high-society &quot;friends&quot;. Cukor is superb in its direction; he looks so comfortable directing only women,  that this is one of his &quot;gay-est&quot; films. Not even man appeared as  an extra, the women full the screen, with wonderful gowns, hilarious  dialogue and catty fights. Norma Shearer in her heartbreaking speciality;  she knows how to learn us the inmensity of the problem if Joan Crawford  steals your man. Joan Fontaine is lovely, and Paulette Goddard and,  specially, Rosalind Russell (our beloved Roz) are incredibly funny. Joan is  terrific as well as Crystal Allen; she's at her best, when she proclaims:  &quot;There's name for you, ladies, but it doesn't use in the high  society...outside of a kennel&quot;
0553212478|5.0|I nominated this for our book club. Made for a great discussion.  Not universally liked but, &quot;works on many levels&quot;, as one member put it. Don't know what I was waiting for - never read it in high school - too  intimidating.
B0000057C5|3.0|After being immersed for years in club music, I've been recently wandering around all musical genres to cultivate more original sources of energetic, workout-motivating music.  Du Hast seduced me with a rare (at least for the  mainstream) mutation of metal and techno that I haven't heard since  Scooter's &quot;Fire&quot;, another song I adore, and so I bought the  album.  It was quite amusing at first, hearing an entire album in German  that reminded me of Mortal Kombat (where Engel resides on a soundtrack) and  WWF Raw music.  But after that novelty wears off the truth reveals itself.   Sensucht and Buck Mich are reasonable runners-up to Du Hast in terms of  catchy, energetic tunes, and Stripped is an interesting closer.  But when  they venture onto power ballads and &quot;plain German hard rock&quot; (not  that I'm an expert on that), sitting through the entire album becomes a  chore.  Next time I suggest that they take what they know works best and  run with it.
B000001DYA|5.0|Blue Cheer is smokin'!! No wonder Danzig and Mudhoney covered their tunes. The production is terrible, the guitar is red-lined the whole way through and the drums sound like trash cans. This album RAWKS! Play it as loud as  you can on the crappiest stereo you can find. It's the only way to  salvation!
B00000AFWW|5.0|I was not a fan of HOLE prior to seeing the video of &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; on VH-1, of all places.  That song blew me away, and I bought the CD within days.  At the time, I was in a huge Madonna phase, so the CD  sat on my shelf for about a month.  Now it is about all I ever listen to.   From the opening of &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; through to &quot;Playing  Your Song&quot; (which I think is the album's climactic  song--&quot;Petals&quot; did not do much for me), HOLE takes me through a  wide variety of emotions and musical experiences.  This is, by far, my  favorite album of 1998.  Why Sheryl Crow beat them out for the Best Rock  Album Grammy Award is totally beyond me.  HOLE fans, rejoice!  But if  you're not a HOLE fan, you'll be all about this CD anyway.  I promise.
0385486804|5.0|Krakhauer explores the dark forces that drove McCandless to rebuke society and take his place upon the earth according to his own rules.  A startling example of investigative journalism that should be applauded.   A troubled  youth that could be mistaken for us all.
630512065X|2.0|Andrew Lloyd Webber's spectacular musical, CATS finally got to video. Millions of would-be theatergoers, and fans sat down to watch this new interpretation of one of the world's most famous musicals, now on  direct-to-video for our enjoyment. However, what was hyped so much, tends  to fall rather flat placed in this generic, boxed, catatonic state. Sure,  all direct-to-videos are not bad, but having taken CATS and put it into  this environment, it falls short of being truly spectacular. Here are the  reasons why.<br />First, I've seen CATS live on stage over 28 times, with  several different CATS companies, since it opened on Broadway in 1982. I've  seen the original 1st National Tour, the original Los Angeles cast,the 3rd  National Bus and Truck tour, as well as several incarnations of cast  members from the current 4th National. Also I've been to see it in the  famous Winter Garden Theater. And in 1997 I was one of only 4 fans to  actually be at the CATS Gala when the show broke A Chorus Line's record.  What a night that was! Talk about energy! Energy that is sorely lacking in  this video and why I am so hopping mad about it!<br />What I've experiended  sitting in the darkened theater can never compare to this choppy, badly  sung, terribly danced, shortened piece on video. They have taken CATS and  completely homogenized and boxed it up for sale on your local store shelf.  This in itself is pure commericalism that detracts and actually brings down  the live stage show---which is how the show was originally meant to be  viewed. <br />&quot;It's an experience really, people can't quite put down  what it is, but they go and have just a wonderful time. There's a tribal  aspect of the show, of the loner who wants to come back to her tribe, her  family.&quot;<br />--Cameron Macintosh, Producer<br />This is the heart of CATS.  The excietment of seeing it live on stage as it was meant to be. To put it  up on screen is fine, but something is LOST there that can never be  replaced. Actually sitting in the front row and seeing the cats performing  &quot;Jellicle Songs for Jellicle Cats&quot; and leering out that into your  face, hissing, clawing and scratching, is no longer there. What's the point  really? This is terribly apparent during the opening numbers. Who are the  cats performing to? Do they like doing this? Is there a reason for them to  be upset? They are performing to an EMPTY junkyard. Also the lack of  audience apprieciation and applause makes the transitions from song to  song, almost painful to watch. Should you clap along at home? It's these  kind of things that were forgotten or just brushed aside that really  trashes the experience of watching it.<br />You are just a spectator at home,  you are not involved in the actual process of watching. The microwave  beeps, you rush up to get something, the phone rings; all this as the show  is running---something true and unique has been lost. It's like being at  the actual Super Bowl or watching it at home. Yes, it's apples and oranges,  but one is uniquely better than the other. The live show is what makes CATS  sing, not this badly packaged video. <br />Second, the video was rushed, the  actors were rushed, everyone wanted to throw this thing out to make a  couple of extra bucks. Sure it's done quite well for itself, and has  introduced kids to musical theater. But don't let this video become like  another movie version of other classics. Do we all agree that the  &quot;King and I&quot; movie is the definitve version of the musical? Or is  it the Broadway show? You choose. If you think its the movie, then you are  hugely mistaken. But that is what people are doing here, with CATS. Give me  Yul Brenner live onstage (too bad he passed away) instead of a Techincolor  flick anyday. That's the difference. Sure, Brenner's performance is  captured for all time, but they did it RIGHT the first time! Anyone who  sees that movie knows a classic when you see it and that movie ranks upthere. But how many people go to see the revivals of that in their local  town, or on Broadway, hum? Regular families, not high brow New York  sophisticates? There is a difference I say. And people are not getting  it.<br />Also they took the British production of the show and marketed that  for American audiences. Some people don't know a thing about the show and  remark that the cats are singing in British accents. ???? Also they hacked  the British production to bits, so much so that people who've seen the  video now complain that the actor's costumes are wrong and should be  changed. This for B'way audiences. Changed!!!!??? IMHO the B'way costumes  are ten times better than the UK ones and the actors are trained more in  catlike movements and such, due to the American's love of spectacle.  American's are much more discriminating and we see a lot more--what's false  and what's true--that our level of spectacle is a tad higher than the rest  of the world. Why do you think they revamped the whole show for American  audiences? The cats actually LOOK like cats in America, while the British  cats are &quot;toned down&quot; for UK audiences. Wouldn't want them to  look &quot;too&quot; catlike, now do we? But that is just the culture. But  when people complain about changing the show so that it runs just like the  video version. I have a huge problem with that. Or changing anything about  the show. It should be left as is--all the improvments have been done to  it--don't cut or alter any of it.<br />Many numbers were cut from this video.  The Gumbie Cat number in Britian has Mistoffelees tap dancing with Jenny  for a bit, and the music was lengthened for their tap duet. Not so on the  video. Not even the cockroaches get to tap a bit--no, it's just cut to the  chase, with no thought put into the transitions at all. Just cut and  paste--it's so amaturish that one wonders who exactly DID the editing.  Local high school students? Even tv news guys behind the scenes can dobetter than that! <br />Another pet peeve. Growltiger's Last Stand is missing  from this. The whole thing. Why? Because Sir John Mills, cast as Gus, was  unable to take up the demands of performing as the swashbuckling Pirate  Cat. Listen they had the Asparagus character in there--hasn't anyone heard  of the old &quot;switcheroo&quot; where a younger character takes over from  the main one to do parts of the movie? Asparagus could have taken over,  played the part of Growltiger, and all the CATS fans would have been  overjoyed. However, I guess that building a new set (gosh--we're spending  MONEY here!) would have been too expensive and the fans could have lived  without seeing it anyway! Bull!<br />Overall, the video has more bad points  than good. I'm fishing for good compliments here. Okay, Elaine Paige,  Michael Gruber, and Susan Jane Tanner. Why Susan? Even though her voice is  terrible, she sounds like rocks being rubbed together--she was an original  London cast member, and came back to play the role like Elaine did. I have  my reservations about Elaine--so many other actresses I've seen have done  way better than she does, but Susan came back and valiently strapped  herself into a catsuit and tried to &quot;save&quot; the Gus number. The  Gus number is one of my absolute favorites in the show, and to see it fall  so short here is really painful. If only they both could actually sing! I  found the lack of cat interactions dissapointing here--my eyes would wander  about onstage to &quot;catch&quot; something happening in the background,  but alas nothing here. <br />Michael Gurber is a saving grace as Munkustrap  here. He's the best part of the show. Im tired of talking about Jacob  Brent, let someone else do it for me. <br />My advice: Save your money, hoard  it like gold, then spend it on an afternoon at CATS on Broadway. Treat  yourself to a front row seat and watch what happens. You won't regret it.  Then go home and watch the video directly after. See what you think then.
B00000GUZP|3.0|This CD when released in 1981 was a major disappointment for Blondie fans that swooped up this album in anticipation of a record that was as fascinating as it's macabre cover ( Art design by H.L Giger of Alien fame)   Produced by Chic masters Nile Rodgers and the late Bernard Edwards with  Chris Stein on guitar and Tony Thompson( also of Chic) on drums...    &quot;Jump Jump&quot; starts off this Cd ( another Debbie song about a dog)  that has a groovy dance beat.  This song along with &quot;Chrome&quot;,  &quot;Under Arrest&quot; and &quot;Surrender&quot; are the only decent  tracks on this album.. Ironically &quot;Backfired&quot; is a terrible  follow-up to her/their last single&quot; Rapture&quot; also in 1981...  &quot;&quot;Backfired&quot; failed to make the top 40 as pop music fans  were turned off by the shallow production and Debbie's weak performance..   ala Rap... Her first  duet duels rap with a black artist( Nile Rodgers did  the rap with her  on this track). This Cd is worth buying if you are a die  hard Debbie /Blondie  fan, but otherwise be cautious..  Clem Burkes  drumming is desperately missed on this album..  Everyone thought that this  one was going to be huge( it did go Gold) but was a major upset for all  involved.. The cover art gets 5 stars.. the contents 2 stars .. So the  average is 3
6302043158|4.0|I only have two technical qualms with &quot;Quadrophenia.&quot;<br />1-The mix of the movie is awfully, awfully muddy. I've seen it both in the theatre (albeit several years after the release in a university theatre)  and on video. I hope they've gone back and worked on it, with the Dolby and  all.<br />2-Like most English movies from the 70's, the transfer of the film,  that is, the way that it is colored just before the film is released,  could've been pushed a lot harder. Makes it look dated, which I guess is  sort of good, as it is a snapshot of an era.<br />Otherwise, I gotta chime in  with the fact that the film-perhaps more than any other film-really  influenced my life. It did for me what &quot;Catcher in the Rye&quot; did  for a lot of other people. I own very few films, maybe five or six. This is  one of them.
B000002U82|5.0|This to me is one of the many best CDs by Floyd.  The outstanding truth of greed in the lyrics of Money, and the trippyness of On The Run.  Still one of the best songs on here will always be Brain Damage.  Brain Damage has  been played by others as a tribute to Floyd, but still not as good as the  actual band.  One more amazing tie in to this CD is how Roger Waters  coinsided the music to be played with The Wizard of OZ.  Try it and  expierence Floyd in a whole new way. ^_-
B000002L5I|3.0|Lead singer Noah Hunt is no match for Cory Sterling. When you have something great why change to something good.
6303979882|5.0|This is one of the best movies. Me and my friends rent Now and Then all the time on girls night. It's a great summer flick. It's so funny and at the same time it will make you cry. It will make you relize how important  your friends are.
B000002E5J|5.0|We sing Estoy Aqui in my Spanish class and it is just an amazingly catchy song.
6305265488|5.0|This is a wonderful movie, full of excitment and comedy. A great movie for the whole family to watch.
0609603086|1.0|Even a great author can be forgiven a lapse in his normally outstanding work, but Ken, please, don't make it worse with quotes like &quot;This is my best book so far&quot; (from his website). The book was difficult to  finish, and I wish I hadn't. The plot tested credulity, descriptions  bordered on hyberbole, characters were developed poorly, and I found myself  rooting for the bad guys. Come back, Ken, come back.
6302994063|5.0|One of the best movies I have seen of this type.  We have watched this movie at least twice a year since the beginning. Typical parent &quot;where did I go wrong&quot; to the corrupt head of the federation, everyone rings  true. This movie also has a Cinderella story built in with Fran as Cinder.  Enough pathos and hysterics for the whole crowd.  Many memorable lines too.  <br />When will it be on DVD?????
0156907399|5.0|Virginia Woolf is a true artist and this, her masterpiece. This novel is motivated more by the sheer brilliance of her poetic prose than it is by the story itself--which is also very good. So, if you have the attention  span of the typical American action movie goer, you will not be able to  follow... Even so, this was not a slow read for me. The last line is one of  the most memorable of any novel ever written in English. The way she uses  water is remarkable. READ THIS!!! It might be a bit of work but worth it!!!
0375707972|5.0|Thoughtful, thought-provoking, engrossing.  A thoroughly absorbing set of characters in a horrible time into which most of us have very little insight.  Also into how internal love can be and the depths it plumbs for  both people, no matter how unaware we may be - or wish to be.  Don't miss  this book!
B000002GYG|5.0|Begins with a rolling, smoothly worded, weather, or not, report that leads into somnabulating rythmic over under tones of quiescent jubilation overturning the middle of the night sounds into crisp slices of sniffing  and shuffling around and about.  Makes you want to be and feel. Its alive,  real, drunk, one of Tom's best.  Phantom 309 drives the album home!
B00000255F|5.0|&quot;Tryin' to learn to walk like the heros  We thought we had to be...&quot;<br />This album captures all the best rock has to offer -- joy, escape, longing, loss, redemption.  There is none better.
0679777547|4.0|A marvelous suspense story.  The wide variety of on-line reviews should tell you that there is something more than meets the eye here.  The author adroitly ties sophisticated 20th century Europe to Dumas's bohemian 19th,  as well as the hysteria of the Inquisition.  The gin-soaked, unscrupulous  protagonist, who demands payment in the face of the devil, is my kind of  hero.  And the ending, far from murky, is most satisfying.  As for the  concern over the mysterious girl, remember what the narrator instructs us  in terms of reader response -- she may be what we want her to be.  One  thing is certain, Perez-Reverte and The Club Dumas would not have survived  the Inquisition, which is all the more reason to enjoy this book!
B000000W5L|5.0|I've listened to this album again after a gap of several years and it has been a revelation.There's not a bad track on here,the highlights being 'Happy'(Richards lead vocal),'Tumbling Dice'and 'Ventilator Blues'.Together  with great songs is superb Jimmy Miller production and excellent  musicianship.Mick Taylor truly was a great guitarist.OK they weren't the  Beatles but even the Fab Four would be pushed to match the Stones sequence  of Beggars Banquet,Let It Bleed,Sticky Fingers &amp; Exile.Truly the Stones  were Rolling at full Pace
630512065X|4.0|This is a must-have for fans of the musical.  The cast is exceptional, and the performances are simply the best.
B0000024ZI|4.0|Good straight ahead rock n roll that never got enough airplay.  All The Young Dudes is the most recognizable number, but the original version of Ready For Love has some interesting textures.  Jerkin Crocus and Mama's  Little Jewel are gritty numbers as well.  Not quite a classic as the  overall talent isn't overly spectacular.  However, the arrangements on this  and the Mott album were definitely influential to the future Bad Company  sound as well as many new wave artists.
630529142X|4.0|This movies was hysterical....from beginning to end.  A definite movie buy! My girlfriend hates stupid movies, but seemed to love this one.<br />Who in their right minds would go see this expecting an academy award winning  performance?
B000006045|5.0|Massive Attack prove once again that they are undoubtedly the worlds greatest band. After creating a whole new genre in 1991 with Blue Lines, they have once again made an album like no other.  If you like Morcheeba,  Portishead or Tricky give this album a go and sooner or later you'll  realise that this really is the cream of the crop.
B000000JO3|5.0|This CD collects all the recorded Minor Threat songs on one great CD.  I first heard it when I was around 11.  When my parents heard they originally freaked out becuase of the langauge.  After listening to it further and  reading the lyrics they were very happy that I was listening to it.   As an  adult the band is still as meaningful to me as it was when I was 11.   Unlike some of those early punk bands like DK, there lyrics are trueand  believable when you do grow up It is a CD every fan of rock should have.   Some of my freinds who are only into classic rock or hip hop have this CD  and it remains one of there favorites.   Buy the CD or you will be really  missing out.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I love this cd!  My favorite song is Pretty Fly, and Why Don't You Get A Job.  Buy this!
0140186409|5.0|I first read this book two years ago and reread it this past winter as I taught it to my junior American literature course. &quot;The Grapes of Wrath&quot; is, for me, the Great American novel. YES it might seem boring  in parts and YES you might not know the symbolism of the turtle and YES you  will have to know what &quot;intercalary&quot; means...but so what? To  experience the Joads' journey is to discover the absolute joy of literature  itself. And, on a side note, if you pick this up, get yourself a copy of  &quot;Working Days: The Grapes of Wrath Journals&quot; that was published  about ten years ago. You wanna see a real genius at work, and also answer  the question &quot;How did Steinbeck write this book in only five  months?&quot; If so, then get that volume, too.
0792839234|5.0|a perfect lead into 2,3,4,and hopefully phive and beyon
B000002NJM|1.0|This is a fine sample of soul music, but it has been mixed and mastered so badly that it's simply unbearable. Sounds like a 10$ cassette player out of a wastebin. Pity!
B0000057C5|5.0|I love the lyrics. Why have such a problem? The music works for the lyrics and the songs are NOT  repeating.
B000002LKF|5.0|After many listens, this disc simply gets better and better.  There are so many subtleties within both the lyrics and, especially, the music.  Paul Simon has contributed a monumental achievement to the world of music with  this combination of North American folk-pop and the irresistable South  American rhythms.  Truly infectious songs!  I'll never get tired of  &quot;The Cool, Cool River.&quot;
0684874350|5.0|Frank McCourt has written an exceptionally brilliant book of his childhood. I had to put the book down several times, because of tears and anguish I felt for him and his family. His brilliant way of writing  captures the innocence and humor of his childhood. I was blessed reading  about his life.  Thank you Frank McCourt for sharing your world with us.
0312867123|1.0|Sawyer has done some truly wonderful books.  &quot;Starplex&quot; and &quot;Factoring Humanity&quot; have secure places in my permanent collection.  His work, however, has always had bits of what I term  &quot;arrogant liberalism&quot; acting as anti-grace notes to the story,  and this one is the worst yet. Example: &quot;And Canadians didn't like  guns, either - they had no Second Amendment, or whatever damned thing it  was that made Americans think they could go around armed.&quot;  The  product of the most profound thinkers on society and politics Earth has  ever produced is airily dismissed.  The book is studded with similar  passages, and eventually they get on the nerves.  I gave up after chapter  17 of the bound galley I read.  Even the fascinating question of whether  scientific foreknowledge precludes free will couldn't keep me in this book.
0393317552|5.0|I have listened to the book on tape and found that the abridged version is well done and sufficiently detailed to present Diamond's arguments and illustrations.<br />A couple of points:  First, Diamond paints a very  compelling &quot;big picture&quot; explanation.  He does not attempt to  explain all historical events, but does assert an explanation of the vast  movements of human history.  His explanation is powerful!<br />Second, with so  much of our cultural attention focused on the value of individual effort  and individual choice and the rewards and punishments thereof, his  explanation is a helpful balance or antidote for a merely individualistic  view of the world.  All things are not the result of individual actions and  choices.  The environment has a major role in defining the options  available at any given time and place, and those circumstances become  cumulative over time in their impact.<br />Third, communities and  organizations throughout the world are dealing with cultural diversity.   Diamond's explanation is a great resource for rationally &quot;leveling the  playing field&quot; and allowing for an appropriate recognition and  discussion of the value of all persons and peoples.<br />I had a great time  reading the book and am recommending it to friends and family.
6303471714|5.0|OK, so maybe no one really works out in a bathing suit in bare feet on the beach, but Cindy and Radu still make you work your butt off.  Great for toning, and not as unsafe as all the media hype.  I lost 50 pounds in 5  months using her alternating days workouts.
6300214753|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies EVER! I was literally rolling on the ground laughing! Broderick RULES in this movie!!!! My favorite part is when Charlie Sheen is talking with Ferris' sister in the Police Department and  he asks, &quot;What are you in for? Drugs?&quot; Jean:&quot;No, I.. I don't  even know why I'm here... What are you here for?&quot; Sheen:  &quot;Drugs&quot;. It's AWESOME!!!!!!
0800196341|1.0|Sorry, but I don't think there is any film version of Hamlet made yet that has the right characterization. Kenneth has done a bit more than his predecessors, but it still isn't correct.
6304457383|5.0|This is the first time I have seen an Audrey Hepburn movie, and I loved it! The strength of her character is what made the movie, and the intricate plans of the villians made it almost funny, yet scary at the same time! I  couldn't believe the ending!
0767804724|2.0|It's a boring script and the acting is just plain bad - Harrison has one good believable moment, but Glenn Close and Gary Oldman can't manage to pull it off. The drama at Washington about whose going to be in control of  the situation is ridiculous. Wait to see it on cable, it's not even worth a  rental price.
6304806469|5.0|I truly believe that Mary Poppins is absolutely the best family film ever made. Although it is somewhat long, possibly pushing children's attention span to their limits, it is free of violence, foul language, and sexual  inuendo. The entire premise of the movie is getting a very strict banker to  realize that life CAN be fun and not just working one's life away to gain  material posessions. One of the very first movies I ever saw, when it was  originally released in 1964, and still my favorite. I recommend this film  to anyone with children.
B00000DQSF|5.0|Music from Big Pink emerged from the famous Basement Tape sessions of The Band and Bob Dylan in a pink house in Woodstock, New York.  This album maintains the familial spirit of the Basement Tapes, everybody plays  everything with shared lead vocals and choruses with individual voices, but  it is much more musically advanced.  Eric Clapton credited this album with  &quot;changing the course of his life.&quot; Includes &quot;The  Weight,&quot; &quot;I Shall Be Released,&quot; and &quot;Chest Fever.&quot;  This is a special album which always made me want to join the choruses.
6301902645|5.0|This film should be released again for the big screen.  It would really give the &quot;24 Hours of Le Mans&quot; a shot in the arm.  Steve McQueen gave a brilliant performance as a driver dedicated to his profession.  The  film does not give much opportunity for the characters to act.  But they  carry themselves the way real racing teams perform.  You will find that  they have a great deal of respect for each other.  They are professionals.
0609603086|2.0|Characters are somewhat unbelievable. The methods of detection by the FBI are simplistic. However, it is interesting.
047158651X|5.0|Voet &amp; Voet's Biochemistry is a sine qua non for anyone who is interested in research in biology, biochemistry or bioorganic chemistry.  The material is presented thoroughly for anyone with a background in  biology and organic chemistry.  Not only are biochemical pathways covered  in great detail but the mechanisms of the enzymes within those pathways and  how each pathway is regulated are also presented. References and additional  reading are also presented.  An excellent addition to any library!
B000002KKC|2.0|&quot;Rumours&quot; is my favorite album of all time, brilliantly crafted with each title enriched with indescribable feeling. When I saw a Fleetwood Mac documentary on TV, and heard about how their next album  &quot;Tusk,&quot; which was made just after &quot;Rumours&quot; and start  of their enormous popularity, and was said to be one of most expensive  albums ever to be produced, I rushed out to buy it. I got home, and full of  excitment tore off the plastic cover and played the first track - hmmm...12  seconds later...let's try the next one - okay...7 seconds later -the next  one has be good...urggh! - 'this can't be the same group that recorded  &quot;Rumours,&quot; I thought'...and on and on, every song except  &quot;Sara&quot; is aweful, and there's a lot of songs on this album.  I  wanted to take it back and exchange it, but you can't once it's opened.   Now I'm stuck with this miserably unlistenable CD of a group I thought  couldn't make a bad song.  Fleetwood Mac certainly has created some of the  most beautiful songs and lyrics ever, but this album is like someone trying  to force an apple pie down your throat with a shovel, instead of giving it  to you tenderly with a silver spoon (sorry, bad analogy.) Anyway please  don't let my wasted dollars and disappointment go in vain - if I can do  anyone any good on this planet it is to tell people to run far, far away  from the remotest desire to listen to &quot;Tusk.&quot;
6305263248|4.0|I saw Ronin at the theater when it first came out and have been waiting for the DVD.  I was disappointed that there weren't more special features.  However, the movie itself was worth the cost ($17.99 at Sam's).  I like to  think of it as the thinking man/woman's action film.  The car chases were  spectacular and didn't fill in for the lack of plot elsewhere.
6305265488|5.0|This is the best movie i've ever seen!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am reccommending it to everyone I know!!!!!!!!!!
6301777387|1.0|Upon watching this awful film, I was suprised that such a dissapointment spawned such a great sitcom. <br />First, M*A*S*H has NO plot. It is litteraly just like a bunch of episodes -- and bad episodes at that -- stuffed into  one long, boring movie. <br />The boring dialougue never seems to end. And to  use the &quot;b&quot; word yet again: in general, this movie is  BORING.<br />There are hardly any dramatic elements. None memorable anyway.  <br />This has to be the worst video I have ever rented. I reccomend staying  away from it.
6304994540|1.0|Like, the dude, he's such a...like, a dude, man!...Whatever - this movie really stank.  The only part I thought was clever was that his only form of ID was a Ralph's card.
080013799X|5.0|But I Don't Want to Go In the Cart!!!!!!!
0783225903|5.0|This great movie is a realy future for the world, but anybody knows the truth of Brasil.
6305076464|5.0|These tapes which contain all the Fawlty Towers episodes and interviews with John Cleese are a must for your comedy video collection.  There is nothing better.
B000002IQ9|5.0|This contains in my opinion the best version of In the air tonight HE has ever recorded ( lots of wonderful screaming ) saw concert and video this is awesome!!
0553108034|4.0|I don't normally read fantasy epics, but I've been a fan of Martin's since I first read Fevre Dream, the ultimate 19th century vampire novel. This series has it all. Memorable characters. A wide range of venues and  adventures. Twists, turns and wolves. Winter is coming. And so are the  dragons. Sign on now, read up, and get ready for the final two  installments. Anything might happen. And, knowing Martin, it will.
0767903811|5.0|Mr. Bryson once again gives us a refreshing view of ourselves -- though in bite-size bits this time -- since these were originally articles published on Sundays in London.  Recommended approach: 1. Read slowly to make book  last longer.  2. Laugh out loud to make others wonder what the fuss is  about, and then just say &quot;you'll have to read the book&quot; 3. Move  to London so you don't have to wait another two years to read the sequel  (you can read them in the Sunday Mail)
0672506696|5.0|My daughter had to read this book for an advanced High School English class. She let me read it when she was finished skimming through it to get enough info to complete her paper. I adored the characters Dominique  Francon, Gail Wynand and Howard Roark, while feeling pity for the character  of Peter Keating, which I think is what Ms Rand was trying to communicate  to her readers. I will defintely try to read Atlas Shrugged next!
079213690X|5.0|This is the best movie I have ever seen. You're really swept in and locked there until you ARE the character.
B000002LK1|5.0|This is one of Depeche Modes finest albums. Songs like &quot;Blue Dress&quot;, &quot;Policy of Truth&quot; &amp; &quot;Dangerous&quot;-My favorite DM song which it's featured on this one, but on a single are  awesome songs.  This album just hits the mark !
B000002UZ1|5.0|This CD is just great,and there's realy nothing else to describe if with.IMHO,the better songs on this two CD set are: &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;,&quot;A day in the life&quot;,&quot;All you need it  love&quot;,Lennon's hardest and weirdest rock song ever &quot;I am the  walrus&quot; (would somebody please tell me what &quot;Sitting on a  cornflake,waiting for the van to come&quot; suposed to means?),&quot;Hey  Jude&quot;,&quot;Revolution&quot;,&quot;Come Together&quot;,&quot;Here  Comes The Sun&quot;,and George Harrison's best song  ever,&quot;Something&quot;.Its a must buy,you won't be disapointed.
0887307280|5.0|This is a superb book! I recommend it to everyone. It is so easy to read &amp; so glaringly logical &amp; it's simple to implement. The techniques once implemented will ensure that entrepreneurs will be wealthier than they  have ever dreamed !
6305265488|5.0|This movie will be added to my list of favorites. The actors are very impressive with their portrayals of the characters.  Each and every character is defined beautifully!  Drew Barrymore was already one of my  favorite actors, and after &quot;Ever-After,&quot; Dougray Scott is on the  list as well.  A must see!  Not just a chick-flick!
0964385619|5.0|This book is great. It makes you look at money in a completely different way. You feel TOTALLY empowered after reading it. The plan is simple to read &amp; simple to achieve.  Read it.
034537410X|5.0|From begging to end simple &amp; easy to read. Very informative. If I could reccomend only one book on the subject this would be it.
0131103628|5.0|This book makes Sams 21 days series look like a bigger waste of time than we already know it is. Slim,   trim, and smart... this book tells it how it is.  If you program, this book needs to be on your shelf.
0375707972|4.0|I enjoy reading very much.  I have never read a book such as this.  The story alone is what makes it so unlike any other.  Any person would complete this within a matter of days and it is worth it.
630419949X|1.0|Not content with the pace that Hollywood has set in the 'dumbing-down' process in the production of its movies, the makers of this piece of asinine drivel set out to insult even the intellectually disabled. One could be more forgiving if it had been presented in animated form, for, as  in the cartoon  'The Roadrunner'- it belongs to this genre - Arnie, like, the coyote, just keeps on coming back. It's not movie-escapism; it  transcends trash.
B00000F1D3|5.0|This one should appeal to all age groups. It's a great disco CD. I have not particularly enjoyed other albums by Cher, but this one is simply awesome. The songs all seem to fit together; Cher was obviously thinking of Sonny when she put this one together. You will want to have two copies; one CD for home while typing on your iMac, and one copy at work.
0784011222|5.0|This movie serves as an excellent coda for argueably the most well known action series of all time.  In its day, it was the most expensive movie ever made(1988).  You can see every bit of the cost on the screen.  An  excellent overall stimulant for the senses.  Although not an Oscar  contender, this movie entertains as well as informs about the war in  Afghanistan.
B0000028RR|5.0|This is the best Rage Against The Machine album yet. The bass and guitars sound very cool. Pick this album up if you haven't already.
0446364495|5.0|I've been reading with great interest the extreme polarity of reader's comments and personal reactions to this book. I just finished listening to the unabridged audio tape and found it - in my opinion - to be among the  best examples of beautiful writing style and excellent story telling I've  experienced.  It's always worth noting when something stirs up such a mix  of positive and negative response, especially since the negatives sound as  though alot of inner anger has been stirred up!  I for one, will see the  movie again, read the book more closely, and give a repeat listen to the  audio tape (beautifully read by the author).
6305265666|5.0|This movie can be enjoyed on many levels.  A definate keeper
0441003257|3.0|I was given the book as a gift by someone who knows I think Christianity is ridiculous.  I read it, though I'd lost interest in fantasy.  Yes, I suppose it's a humorous and irreverent twist on the Apocalypse.  It's not  an outright ridiculing parody of Christian beliefs.  The humor is gleaned  solely from the absurd characters and the absurd situations they get  themselves into.  Nothing is out-and-out &quot;ha ha&quot; funny.  All the  absurdity of the characters and events is portrayed as strictly routine and  mundane.  A strange technique for trying to elicit humor, and not  completely successful.  It hardly seemed worth the intellectual effort to  try to figure out the central mystery contained within the plot twists.  You're supposed to be engrossed enough to want to do it, but I wasn't.  The style, with it's absurdity and hidden mystery, certainly owes alot to  Douglas Adams.  But it's the style of Adams in his non-Hitchhiker writing,  which isn't nearly as satisfying.  And so this book is only moderately  satisfying.  It would make for an interesting movie, though, what with the  Millennium and all.
0887307396|5.0|If you want to increase the performance of any organization, use this book.  In my work it has helped with companies, non-profits, and schools.  It will give you new insights and most importantly ways to implement them
6304119046|3.0|To clarify my review below, both the historical value and the artistic value of &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; is not questioned by me, nor can it be by  any sensible person. Indeed, perhaps only Griffith and Eisenstein have  advanced the art of cinema on a comparable level with Welles' debut  feature. Furthermore, Welles' early painstaking craftsmanship and  perfectionism are qualities sorely missed in today's cinema. The point I  originally intended, though, was simply my belief that &quot;Citizen  Kane&quot; no longer holds up as the end-all, be-all ultimate apex of the  screen; and to emphasize the fact that many of Welles'  &quot;innovations&quot; were more precisely re-discoveries. As to the  former statement, first let me say that I fully grasp the message of the  film; as one described it, that &quot;men are the sum of their  contradictions.&quot; Yet, I find Welles' films emotionally chill,  humoristically vapid (see how Welles did without Mankiewicz!), and inspire  only aesthetically. Secondly, &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; is not the last word  in acting, narrative, photography, music, art direction, camera use, or  entertainment; nor does it acheive a mixture of these elements to the a  degree above all. Ensemble performances in dozens of movies (most old)  surpass this one's (&quot;Magnificent Ambersons&quot;,&quot;The Little  Foxes&quot;,&quot;The Hustler&quot;, etc.); the influential flashback  device was actually surpassed--though arranged in an even more complex  way--in &quot;The Killers&quot;; black &amp; white photography, in  &quot;The Hunchback of Notre Dame&quot;,&quot;Kings Row&quot;,&quot;Oliver  Twist&quot;, etc; musical accompaniment, &quot;The Devil and Daniel  Webster&quot;,&quot;Kings Row&quot;,&quot;Sergeant York&quot;, etc; art  direction, &quot;Magnificent  Ambersons&quot;,&quot;Hunchback...&quot;,&quot;Oliver Twist&quot;, etc;  camera movement reached its summit with Max Ophuls, and angles and lens  deployment in David Lean's early work; and entertainment is anybody's  choice. Furthermore, it is my experienced opinion that the film in which  the union of these elements was realized to a more brilliant degree than  any other was David Lean's (ignored) 1948 masterpiece, &quot;Oliver  Twist&quot; (see my review for the Criterion DVD release). At that, Lean  accomplished with &quot;Oliver Twist&quot; what Welles couldn't in  this masterwork, Lean PERFECTED all of the &quot;innovations&quot; that  Welles employed, while avoiding Welles' excessively heavy-handed style.  was not a Welles creation! The earlier films of Eisenstein and Mamoulian  display an equally imaginative treatment. 2.) Deep focus photography was  exercised effectively two years earlier in &quot;The Hunchback of Notre  Dame&quot;; what Welles did was simply to improve the process, and show it  off to a much greater extent. 3.) The business of showing ceilings had  actually been used in a 1931 John Barrymore film, &quot;The Mad  Genius&quot;, but had been found to be impractical with the old  single-microphone system. The recording breakthrough of &quot;His Girl  Friday&quot; made Welles' idea possible! To conclude, let me re-emphasize  that as a milestone, &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; is invaluable; but history's  No. 1 movie? The impression I get is that while indespensable to the film  student, let's not limit ourselves by the thinking that this work is the  Holy Grail of movies, either for craft or entertainment!
B0000025SB|5.0|Geniu
0875845851|5.0|The sobering idea presented by Christensen is the very way good managers in successful firms make    decisions sows the seeds of eventual failure. A paradigm example is drawn from the time condensed    development of the  computer disk drive industry.  In every case, the leaders in one generation  of disk    drives (14&quot;, 8&quot;, 5.25&quot;, etc.) were displaced in  the next.  The author marshals compelling and extensive     evidence this  was not due to a technological or managerial failure, but rather to a  marketing one.          The fundamental distinction on which the entire  argument (and book) turns is that between sustaining and    disruptive  technologies.    This is closely related, but not reducible to, Utterback's  discussion of    discontinuous change and the emergence of a dominant  technological design (1). A sustaining technology   is    a kind of  technology that is either incremental or radical (discontinuous).  But it  maintains the same    performance trajectory and provides the same basis  for competition. Disruptive technologies show up as    lower performance  products, promising lower margins, in small, emerging markets.  As  sustaining    technologies progress upmarket, a vacuum is created at lower  price points into which competitors,    employing disruptive technologies,  can enter.  Good managers, listening carefully to customers, in large     markets, risk following these customers into oblivion, or, at least, ending  up there themselves.        One of this text's strong points is the wide  variety of examples, extending beyond computing technology.     Subsequent  chapters disclose a strikingly similar pattern . Firms are blind-sided in  diverse businesses,    including, earth moving equipment, motor cycle  manufacturing, pharmacology, discount retailing,    minimills/steel. The  technological risks involved in new product development for a known  customer    (market) are dwarfed by the risks of entering a new and  undefined market.   &quot;They [firms] exchanged a    market risk, the risk  that an emerging market for  the disruptive technology might not develop  afterall, for    a competitive risk, the risk of entering markets against  entrenched competition&quot; (p. 132).  A significant    technical product  development risk for a known market is easier to justify using corporate  hurdle and pay-   back-period calculations than a &quot;no brainer&quot;  but innovative product with an undefined market.  Result?    &quot;One  crucial additional disabling factor that afflicts established firms . . .  is that the larger and more   successful they become, the more difficult it  is to muster the rationale for entering an emerging market in   its early  stages, when . . . that entry is so crucial&quot; (p. 132). Resource  allocation is really determined by   what the big customers want.   Sometimes, listening to customers can do us in. Once again, our strengths    are our weaknesses.       In the face of fatal sounding  &quot;gotchas,&quot; Christensen's strength lies in seeing the way out of  the fly bottle:    embed the disruptive technology initiative in a separate  organization (subsidiary) or geographically remote    laboratory.  There a  smaller scale market matches the size of the nascent technological  initiative.  Instead    of trying to improve the disruptive technology  enough so that it suits already defined markets - and    meanwhile it sits  on the shelf -experience shows firms that succeed commercially looking to  find (or    incubate) a new market for the disruptive technology.  Having  established a foothold, the new product    then moves upmarket along  competitive dimensions that favor the disruptive technology. The basis of     competition is shifted by the new technology.  This practical  recommendation - though by no means    trivial to implement - is an obvious  starting point.       At times, the reader may wonder how new technologies  ever succeed in establishing themselves    and flourishing at all.  Consider:  &quot;Rational managers . . . can rarely build a cogent case for  entering small,    poorly defined low-end market that offer only lower  profitability&quot; (p. 77).   Have we exchanged one    puzzle - good firms  failing --  for another -  poorer products succeeding? Enter    the role of  the &quot;value network&quot; - commonly known as infrastructure - in  determining the outcome    of innovation.  Edison's light bulb is just a  clever cludge - indeed inferior to illuminating gas -    without the right  of way for wires and generators needed to deliver electricity.  The  overlooked - but not    to be neglected part of innovation - lies in the  construction of the alternative network of values (a    differing  trajectory for competition).  The puzzle disappears as the reader realizes  that an important aspect    of innovation consists in building the value  network within which the innovative product is to be    embedded.                  This text exemplifies excellent writing, scholarship, editing, and  publishing.  The footnotes, which     make excellent reading, contain  useful references for further research. The author    exemplifies the  aphorism that those who see further stand on the shoulders of others - in  this    case Utterback and Moore (2) -- who came before them.  The point,  however, must be emphasized -    Christensen really does see further.   Share his vision.       (1) Utterback. J.M. Mastering the dynamics of  innovation: how companies can seize opportunities int he   face of  technological change. HBS Press, Boston, 1994.    (2) Moore, Geoffrey.  Crossing the chasm.  New York:  Harper/Collins, 1995. -- excerpt from my  review published in COMPUTING REVIEWS, February, 1998
B0000025ZK|5.0|No comparison to The Wall, Wish You Were Here, Dark Side of the Moon.<br />The point is that those albums are in a class by themselves. If you're looking for albums of that richness and creativity, you won't find  it and you will be continuously dissapointed.<br />Look at this album (and  Roger Waters albums) with fresh eyes and you will find beautiful music that  is still heads and shoulders above 95% of what's out there.
6303443214|5.0|This movie is without a doubt the best movie I have ever seen!! I loved the book Interview with the Vampire, and now I'm reading the book the Vampire Lestat, Anne Rice is a marvel!!
B000003TAR|5.0|In Utero is a great CD. from the opening of &quot;Serve the servents&quot; to the mellow &quot;all apologies&quot;. highlights are the metal friendly &quot;scentless apprentice&quot;, the fast punk-like &quot;Radio friendly  Unit shifter&quot;,the fast and slow melancholy of &quot;rape me&quot; and  the depressed ballads &quot;heart-shaped box&quot; and &quot;pennyroyal  tea&quot;.Kurt Cobains genius guitar riffs matched with Dave grohls  relentless drums and Krist Novoselic massive bass grooves. in utero is a  most have for any music fan.
0156907399|5.0|This book is not for everyone!  Last month our bookclub read &quot;The Divine Secrets of the YA YA Sisterhood&quot; which I thought was just drivel but is an absolute hit with the public.  Fortunately our selection  this month was &quot;To the Lighthouse&quot;. This is the anti &quot;YA  YA&quot; book.  It is very spiritual and existential.  The symbolism is  beautiful.  I will never think of lighthouses the same again.  I am just  sorry that I waited until I was 40 years old to read this book.  At least I  found it!  I will read it over and over.  True there is no real plot, but  Virginia Woolf is a genuis in her commentary on life.  The whole novel is  told from the inside out.  Everything is told from someone's thoughts.  I  could not put the book down and was struck with a sense of Awe the entire  time.  To me this is a true work of art. I also admire her treatment of the  theme of masculine and feminine in our society.  It is a sad commentary on  our society that there are over 300 comments under the book about the Ya  Ya's and just a couple of comments on &quot;To the Lighthouse&quot;.
B000002NG7|3.0|Most people like it more than KING FOR A DAY, but it never grew on me.  It's heavier, to be sure, but I really need to hear it more often, like KING FOR A DAY.  <br />ANGEL DUST is still their best album.
B0000026NC|5.0|This cd and the accompanying video proves that Floyd can go on under David Gilmour's direction with original Floyd members Nick Mason and Richard Wright.Besides that it is an excellent concert. I would recommend this cd  to the fans
B000007443|5.0|STEPS, later became Steps Ahead, have been a cult musician band for quite awhile. They brought to the musical community something really new and valid through an almost ten years period across the 80'. They took from the  point Weather report left, along with Yellow Jackets, and took over for  very exciting territories, developing a special fascinating blend of  straight-electric-afro jazz that turned direction album after album in a  unique interesting way. The group started almost by the case, just touring  japan where there was demand for this kind of modern &quot;fusion&quot;,  cutting there the very first juicy more jazz oriented cds (rare gems  today), then grew up and became very big so to develop this very first  great official piece of music.  The members of this group changed almost  album after album but the two main assets have been until 4-5 years ago the  vibist Mike Mainieri and saxman Michael Brecker that quit recently for  other projects, leaving room for a more aggressive rock oriented trend.  Musicians involved in this group through the years are the cream of  contemporary music: E. Gomez, E. Elias, W. Bernhardt, T. Levin etcetera!!  Get this piece of modern beautiful fresh music and start seekin' for Steps  Ahead!!
B0000026NC|5.0|This cd and the accompanying video proves that Floyd can go under David Gilmour's direction with original Floyd members Nick Mason and Richard Wright. I would recommend this cd to the fans
1878424114|5.0|A few years ago I read PERFECT HEALTH, also by Deepok Chopra.  It is a superb book that helped me regain more control over my life.  Many people I know changed their diets, started meditating, and feel 2,000 percent  better.  THE SEVEN SPIRITUAL LAWS continues these good teachings.  Once you  realize that the mind does control physical and emotional happiness, and  that you can learn to channel thinking and behavior for good, peace and  health, the sun shines daily.  Otherwise, we are constantly faced with many  self-imposed, and some imposed-upon-us  &quot;stalls&quot; that hold us  back.  These &quot;stalls&quot; are wonderfully described in &quot;THE  2,000 PERCENT SOLUTION&quot; by Mitchell, Coles and Metz.  For example, we  suffer from The Procrastination Stall (simply hoping that things will get  better); The Disbelief Stall (It won't work, we do not believe in  ourselves); The Tradition Stall (We've always done it this way so why  change); The Bureaucratic Stall (too many excuses of other things to do);  The Misconception Stall (this can't be healthy for me) and The  Unattractiveness Stall (let's not work on it, it's new and may be dark and  scary).  Read both books to learn how to direct your mind to personal  happiness and develop the skill and desire to grow as a person, and in  whatever business you pursue, at 20 times the normal rate.  With success  comes inner and emotional happiness.  With inner happiness comes greater  success.
B000002B38|5.0|If you want to hear Dark Side Of The Moon in it's entirety as well as original founder Syd Barrett's 1967 Astronomy Domine from Piper At The Gates Of Dawn, this is the cd to get. You will not be dissapointed.
0671015206|5.0|This book reads like a novel.  Although Ozzie and Harriet were not rich on their television show, the description of today's wealthy family reminded me of that old program.  I found it interesting to learn what today's rich  consume, how they dress, how often they eat out and what cars they drive.   However, I was left looking for some direction on what a young person today  should do to have a great chance of becoming rich to join this upper income  class and lifestyle.  Without that direction, the old &quot;stalls&quot; in  THE 2,000 PERCENT SOLUTION set in.  Donald Mitchell, Carol Coles and Robert  Metz include The Procrastination Stall, which may show up as staying in  your old job because it is secure even though you can get a better one and  The Tradition Stall where your parents and grandparents were hard-working  middle income folks, so you should be also.  Perhaps a sequel to this book,  researching the best practices for becoming rich and the trends in best  practices would help steer people in the green direction.  Also, some  measurements about how much to invest where and what rate of progress is  expected would also be useful.  There are eight-steps in THE 2,000 PERCENT  SOLUTION which lead people to progress at 20 times the average rate.  I  recommend that as a complementary book to THE MILLIONAIRE NEXT DOOR to get  people started on identifying and getting rid of their own  &quot;stalls&quot; and developing their own success measures.
6305126062|5.0|I've seen the movie twice as well as viewed related material about the movie presented by Robert Redford.  This movie is about healing...not only healing the horse, but healing individual lives and relationships.  It was  evident to me that Pilgrim and Grace suffered from post traumatic stress  symptoms.  Perhaps that's because I view it from the role of a mental  health counselor.  I commend Robert Redford for bringing to the film his  sensitivity in teaching us about healing.  I'm not sure who changed the  ending, but since Redford directed it, I assume he did.  Had the movie  ended as the book did, everyone would have been re-traumatized. Life brings  pain to all of us.  Life is a process, a journey.  We learn as we go.  If  we study The Horse Whisperer, we can learn that patience, persistence, and  a learned guide can help us heal.  In addition, the landscape scenes were  exceptional.  I liked the way we were given time to enjoy the beauty of  Montana.  It is a movie well worth seeing and pondering its meaning at a  deeper level!
B000001ELP|3.0|This album is not liked by many kiss fans,but some of the songs on this album actually rock. &quot;The Oath&quot;,&quot;Only You&quot;,&quot;Mr.Blackwell&quot;,and &quot;I&quot; are all rockers,but  songs like &quot;Under the Rose&quot;,&quot;Dark Light&quot;,and  &quot;Odyssey&quot; are sorry and should have never been recorded. The  ultimate worst song is &quot;Just a boy&quot;,which is maybe the worst song  kiss ever recorded
B0000024UX|5.0|How refreshing it is to see artists who have transcended their field of endeavor, bow out gracefully. A masterpiece of music.
B000001FQQ|4.0|There are some high points on this record. &quot;Rise to it&quot; is a great song. The song &quot;Betrayed&quot; is my favorate track on the album. Probably everybody knows &quot;Hide your heart&quot; and  &quot;Forever&quot; are cool songs. But songs like &quot;Silver Spoon&quot;  and &quot;Bommerang&quot; bring this album down alot. I would recommend it  to the post-makeup fans,but for all you who only listen to Destroyer and  ALIVE!,stay away from this one.
B000000HU0|4.0|I was alway mystified about this album.  It was produced by Pink Floyd's drummer, and sold well in Europe but is relatively unknown in the U.S.  It is a superb fusion of excellent winds (flute, sax) and percussion (marimba,  vibes, drums) overlayed with great '70's synthesizer, moody lyrics and  space guitar.
0553108034|3.0|The first two books of the series are definetly on an epic fantasy level but in my opinion, one cannot really compare this book with Middle Earth or Wheel of Time, they are too different in setting and style.  I enjoyed  reading it, but unlike Jordan and Tolkien, it was difficult to relate to  the characters and actually become part of the story.  The writing is  excellent and I would recommend these books to any fantasy lover but just  be aware that it does not have any of the colorful imagery of WoT, the  whole setting is very bleak and you end up feeling left out.
6302968143|5.0|I think when a movie critic pans a movie I usually like it because sometimes I just want to be entertained. Hocus Pocus is fun, especially for eight and older family members. Bette Midler is great, as are her  &quot;sisters&quot;. It is a little spooky for kids- but as a kid I was  spooked by the banshee in Darby O'Gill and the Little People (also a fun  movie for the family). Excellent cast, and Bette's version of &quot;I Put A  Spell On You&quot; had me looking for the soundtrack (which, unfortuately,  seems to have not been released). Try this, especially before  Halloween...better than slashing-Freddie. Good special effects, and funny  in parts.
B00000ICD9|5.0|So thoughtful and eye catching I have been waiting anxiouly for the dvd since the movie theatre.
0783233477|5.0|If you are a entirely realistic person that hates a long romantic comidies  this is not for you.  For people that love Brad Pitt this is a motion  picture that I highly recomend. In this picture Anthony Hopkins is a rich  buisness man, and a father to two beautiful young daughters, one of coarse  becomes Pitt's girl.  Anthony Hopkins is suffering from heart ake and is  about to be taken by Death, and in this movie Death is spirit in the body  of a man (Brad Pitt). Pitt makes a deal with Hopkins that will allow  Hopkins to live longer.  It is a very interesting and theatrical movie,  that I give two thumbs up! So get out there and watch it! -GDGB
B000002NJS|3.0|I think this is a bad c-d.  The only songs that I like are Ray of Light and Frozen.  Power of Goodbye is ok.  All the rest of the songs are awful.  I like Madonna, but this is a really bad c-d so don't get it!  If your  thinking about getting it, borrow it from a friend first, so you don't  waste your money, because I surely wasted mine!
0792833260|5.0|This was the best movie ever made. Tom Cruise and Dustin Hoffman couldn't have done better. If you are looking for a deep drama movie that is both funny and sad, this is definitely it!
068483605X|5.0|This is the best book ever written.Richard Adams is a master of writing. I have read the book15 times and i am only 13.Go Keehar
0780624890|5.0|I saw this movie in the theaters and instantly loved it!  I bought it at blockbuster and watched it and I still love it!
B00000G3Q4|5.0|Sam Raimi's &quot;EVIL DEAD&quot; is a terrific masterpiece of blood gore and terror.  Bruce Campbell is a great actor.
6304925131|2.0|Am I the only one who was disappointed in this movie?  Sure, Coppola comes through with taut and interesting direction as usual, but the storylines were completely too &quot;neat&quot; for my preferences.  Why build up the  relationship between Rudy and Kelly, have the violent outcome, and then  just say &quot;Oh, everything's okay.  No charges will be pressed.&quot; ??  Why go to the trouble of setting up Great Benefit's lawyers after the  bugging was discovered to do nothing about it?  Very good acting, even by  Mickey Rourke, but I'm glad I didn't waste my money at the theater on this  one.
B00000BKDY|5.0|Excellent vocals by Dickinson...Extraordinary guitar work by Adrian Smith...simply out-of-this-world guitar playing.  Excellent songs... excellent words...excellent Iron Maiden... Heavy metal to the best.. This  album will sure be a landmark of heavy metal music for years to come.
0441003257|5.0|I am a rabid Pratchett fan, and I was not disappointed in this offering.  This book is in the stash of books that I re-read when I want something good but I am not in the mood for something new.  It just gets better with  subsequent visits.  Done correctly, this would make a wonderful movie.
078062551X|5.0|There are moments in Dark City where I scratched my head, wondering why the Strangers looked more like cenobites from Cliver Barker's Hellraiser; why they all wore black; why the city itself seemed to be a mixture of  era's gone by...by the end of the film, however, everything has a purpose  and makes sense.  Rufus Sewell's performance is reminiscent of Peter  Lorre's in the classic &quot;M&quot;, and the set decoration and production  values are also a throwback to Fritz Lang's &quot;Metropolis&quot;,  considered to be perhaps the grand-daddy of the Sci-Fi film.  But where  Dark City seperates and elavates the Sci-Fi genre over recent bubble gum  fare such as Armeggeddon is its existentialism tones that ring throughout,  and the theme, what makes us tick?  This was unfortunately a weak contender  at the box office, but has already carved its own place in Sci-Fi history  and is not to be missed.  Kudos to Roger Ebert for having the good  conscious of naming this the best film of 1998!
B000001DYY|1.0|Curt Smith made the best songs, I'm sad (or not) to say
6303997201|5.0|truely a fine movie that, in many ways probably imitates real life more closely than many people would be willing to admit. eastwood and streep do a wonderful job of acting. they make you feel as if it is really happening  to someone you live next to or is or has happened to you
0451169514|5.0|The novel &quot;It&quot; was by far the best book I have ever read. It is a powerful epic that takes you on a tour through the horrors of childhood and adulthood. The Characters are extreamly well developed that by the time  you finish the book you feel as if you have lost a best friend. As the plot  unfolds you learn of terrors that one town must face every thirty  years.  Although It is a rather lengthly story it remains excellent from begining  to end. I highly recommend this book to all, even if you are not a King  fan.
6303695779|5.0|Impossibly, hauntingly lovely horror film.  A movie of images, not story.  For example:  the shadows of people waltzing on the wall; the hero lying in a coffin with a glass window, watching helplessly as he is buried alive;  the wicked doctor, assistant to the vampire, being killed slowly in an  avalanche of flour in an old mill.  I was foolish enough to try to describe  this film, and have failed miserably!  Still, I hope that any lover of  cinema will give this old, almost-forgotten near-silent movie a chance. The  time spent won't be regretted as lost.
0780623134|5.0|This movie was robbed of a Best Picture Oscar in 1994!  &quot;Forrest Gump&quot;, for all its charm, does not hold a candle to this exquisitely made and acted film about good, evil, and friendship.  Tim Robbins and  Morgan Freeman are perfect.  Also, James Whitmore, in a supporting role,  gives the performance of his career.  Compelling and highly memorable.  One  of the greats of the decade.
0812931017|4.0|I love autobiographies! It's fascinating to read the author's explanation of how they accomplished what they did and their insights and attitudes about the rest of the world. <br />I've just finished reading, LOSING MY  VIRGINITY. HOW I'VE SURVIVED, HAD FUN AND MADE A FORTUNE DOING BUSINESS MY  WAY,&quot; by Richard Branson. <br />Mr. Branson's book is written in plain,  &quot;British,&quot; English, which makes it fun for us, Yanks, to read and  decipher. He leads us down his path of rock stars, record stores, tropical  islands, hot air balloons and airline wars. He really takes his business to  it's limits and seems to have a great time doing it! This book is a  wonderful inspiration for anyone just starting up their own business.  <br />Tropi-Ties ...everything for the tropical traveler!
B000001DU5|5.0|Tears for Fears made great songs that have made the top lists. Even though the radios now usually play 'Everybody wants to rule the world' and 'Shout' and 'Head over heels,' I love this CD for those songs and 'Mad world' and  'Advice for the young at heart' and 'Pale shelter' and all the others.  Tears for Fears were a great group and I love them! Buy this CD for your  own good!
078322706X|5.0|This movie was so very touching about the importance of listening to your heart when chosing your life's mate ... Anthony Hopkins was tremendous, Brad Pitt did a great job too. Wonderful love story.. yes it was long, but  I saw it twice at the theatre .. once each with both daughters!
6305265488|4.0|A lovely film in every sense of the word. Drew Barrymore gives a terrific performance as &quot;Cinderella&quot;, a young woman who would be a heroine in any era:  compassionate, intelligent, sweet yet tough, vulnerable yet  self-assured.  Anjelica Huston makes the wicked stepmother a  semi-understandable human being, a woman who was (selfishly) looking out  for the monetary interests of her own daughters.  Prince Charming insists  on marrying for love and companionship, not to form strategic alliances.  A  little anachronistic?  Perhaps, yet, as Erica Jong once stated, every era  has people who are so forward-thinking, so positive and progressive, that  were they portrayed in literature or film they would seem out of place.   Wonderful movie.  As usual, I save my 5-star rating for the real giants,  but this one comes very close.
6303593666|5.0|I first heard of this film in G. Gordon Liddy's autobiography: &quot;Will&quot;. He describes showing it to some of his co-workers who were planning a Republican convention as an example of what a rally really  can look like. The majority of today's youth, who have been brought up to  see Hitler as the devil incarnate, cannot understand how he was able to  lead Germany into WWII. This film shows what the real sentiments of the  times were, unencumbered by PC folderol. How a single man was able to lead  a bankrupt, war-torn nation from Third-world status to being a major world  super-power. It displays the jobs programs,  the pride he instilled in his  people, and their approval of him for that. And, the shots of the speeches  and the rally itself are breathtaking. A definite must for anyone  interested in history or political science.
B000005IU1|5.0|For anyone who digs the real DETROIT sound and wants more of that Asheton guitar work, check out the CD &quot;Thin, Slim &amp; None&quot; by The Empty Set and Ron Asheton. The CD features studio and live cuts and  captures the essence of the Detroit experience.
0606056742|2.0|Oh YUK! I  always thought ALL of Dahl's books were good, before I read The Twits! This book is just gross!
6305265488|5.0|This new Cinderella adaption is much better then the Disney version. Forget the hocus-pocus and the fairy-godmother. What you have left is a realistic and charming story of love. This is a great movie for ALL ages!
B000002LCE|5.0|FIRST OFF, I'D LIKE TO MENTION THAT EMILY FRASER, THE AUTHOR OF THE &quot;WHAT THE CRITICS SAY&quot; ABOUT THIS ALBUM, OUGHT TO BE DRAGGED OUT TO THE STREET AND SHOT.  DIO IS KNOWN FOR HIS VOICE, HIS SONGWRITING, AND  HIS LYRICS, AND FOR GOOD REASON. THIS IS ONE OF HIS MOST IMPRESSIVE  PRODUCTIONS, NO MATTER WHAT A FINICKY, TASTELESS, AND PROBABLY JOB HUNTING  AND STYLE-LACKING CRITIC/JOURNALIST HAS TO SAY ABOUT IT.  THIS ALBUM IS THE  ESSENCE OF DARK BEAUTY.  DIO IS A GOD.
B000005RST|5.0|I am a new listener to Enigma. I had heard bits and pieces of some of the cuts, but since I purchased the CD I am totaly hooked. I can't get enough of it. I love listening to it while I am driving. I can't wait for MORE!!!!
630529142X|5.0|Sandler plays a dimwitted water boy who through the right motivation turns into a hard hitting, rough and tough football player.  Deffinitly a hillarious video.  One of my favorites
B000002NHN|5.0|About a year ago, I was having dinner at Au Coquelet cafe in Berkeley, California, where music is often played in the background.  On this day, the songs I heard would not remain in the background, but kept grabbing my  attention and stirring up my emotions and aesthetic senses!  I had to go up  and ask the young lady behind the counter, &quot;Could you tell me please  just who is singing these songs??&quot;  She smiled and said,  &quot;Everyone asks!  This is Loreena McKennitt, a lovely singer&quot;.  I  wrote this name down on a small napkin, folded it, and placed it in my  wallet.  Some months later, I was driving along listening to the radio,  when I was quite transfixed by a song they were playing.  I held on to that  station till they named the song.  &quot;That was 'The Mummer's  Dance' by  Loreena McKennitt&quot;.  &quot;Hey, I know that name!&quot; I thought!   Extracting my wallet at the next red light, I checked.  Sure enough, on the  little wrinkled napkin, there was Loreena's name!  I resolved then and  there to get one of her CDs!  The CD I selected was &quot;The Book of  Secrets&quot;, and it has not only proved (over time!) to be the most   exquisite CD I've purchased this decade, but it has become a kind of  musical mantra for me.  (I place it on &quot;Continuous Play&quot; mode and  listen to it over and over sometimes!)  It never fails to remind me that  there are wonderful, mystical realities in our world, right near us,  &quot;closer to us than our own breath&quot; as one Indian writer put it.   In the midst of a world filled with suffering, such a reminder is needed --  along with the thought that maybe one day the veil will be lifted and we'll  see why all the suffering is there.  My favorite song on this CD changes  from day to day, with my current favorite being &quot;Dante's Prayer&quot;,  a sweet song of memory from one lover to another.  It rarely fails to bring  a welling up of wholesome tears! The beautiful little booklet that comes  inside the CD recounts some of Ms. McKennitt's thoughts during her travels  and suggests that she's not only a wonderfully gifted singer-songwriter,  but also a good person, a spiritual striver, someone you would really like  if you knew her!  Thank you, Ms. McKennitt, for the eight little treasure  rooms on this CD!!
0780623134|5.0|Morgan Freeman and Tim Robbins are splendid together.  A incredible story of survival, friendship, and how one man can change the lives of everyone around him.  Tim Robbins plays an innocent inmate convicted of killing his  wife (although everyone is innocent in Shawshank!) who befriends Morgan  Freeman, a man who knows how to get things on the inside.  Through his  determination and will, Robbins becomes the &quot;accountant&quot; of the  prison and with these new relationships with the guards and warden, he wins  over friends and trust.  Freeman and Robbins become good friends and  confide in each other, as Robbins plan is to escape the prison in search  for his freedom that he has lost.  &quot;Get busy living, or get busy  dying.&quot;  --Words to live by.
0780622553|4.0|This is a brilliant story on the theme of visualisation. Creation from thought, imagined limitations, darkness, and control residing in outsiders (who use the bodies of the dead). Great allegory, great visuals (like  Batman meets Terry Gilliam). Nice to see some UK actors (playing baddies as  usual). Great entertainment, and thought provoking to boot.
0609603086|1.0|When I bought this book I had a choice of three english language books to choose from and since all three were tightly wrapped in plastic I had no opportunity to review it before I purchased it at a highly inflacted price.  What a mistake. It was boring, boring, boring.  The characters were  unbelievably dumb along with the plot.  If I had had anything else to read  (that was printed in english) I wouldn't have bothered to finish this book.
B000000WCA|4.0|&quot;Wanna be&quot; is the best song of the lot but(not saying the other songs aren't good) the other songs just don't match it.
0767805534|4.0|Why is this film the definitive American statement?  Simply check out the moral of the story:  Freedom dies (in this case, quite literally) at the hands of bigotry and ignorance.  Favorite line?  Nicholson's uproarious,  &quot;Oh, yeah--I've got a helmet!&quot;  The soundtrack is uneven given  the era (Jimi's &quot;If Six Were Nine&quot; is spot-on, though) and the  acid trip sequence a bit hokey, but the balance of this motion picture is  worthy of considerable praise.
0688062334|5.0|I am very picky about what bookes  read so when i herd about Diana i read her bookes so fast because they are so good.  I read this book 12 times it was so good.  A MUST HAVE
0441003257|4.0|&quot;Offer people a new creed and costume and their hearts and minds will follow.&quot;  Indeed!  This explains the behavior of some of the more &quot;dedicated&quot; Nike employees I run across out here.  Just when I  thought the Douglas Adams/Monty Python/Pratchett style of absurd Brit humor  was getting a bit stale, this book freshens it up nicely.
B00000DCWQ|5.0|This album has a distinctive cast to it, a very English countryside flavor that's depicted vividly in the lyrics. Now, that may not sound appealing when described, but it sounds very magical when listened to.<br />JT covers a  lot of ground here: From a tongue-in-cheek sexual farce like &quot;Hunting  Girl&quot; and the lonely morning-after feeling of &quot;Velvet  Green,&quot; to the warm and woodsy homecoming in &quot;Fire At  Midnight;&quot; with stops along the way wreathed in magic and enchantment,  and the lure of the road (&quot;Jack-In-The-Green,&quot; &quot;Cup of  Wonder,&quot; and &quot;The Whistler&quot;). The theme holds together  beautifully through the album (with the single exception of  &quot;Pibroch,&quot; which doesn't exactly fit with the other cuts.)<br />As  others have mentioned, Ian Andersen's voice and flute performances sound  inspired. I think &quot;enchanting&quot; describes both the performances  and the theme equally well.<br />I bought this album in vinyl, then retired it  with the CD, and I find myself listening to it at least a few times a year,  even 22 years later. That's a pretty strong recommendation for anything.
0393314804|5.0|Its my life in a single book
6300213668|5.0|I love the script, the music- EVERYTHING! This movie means so much to me. I have the script itself, the movie, and two CDs! I love this movie!
6300151379|5.0|The best fantasy movie ever made.  Strong visual images and creative music combine to make this one of the most impressive movies ever produced. Unfortuneatley, Jim Henson Studios is no longer releasing this video. For  the sake of the movie and those who love it, Jim Henson Studios DON'T LET  THIS MOVIE DIE!!!
0790701251|5.0|Althiugh it may not be as good as Saving Private Ryan, Full Metal Jacket is far and away the best vietnam movie ever made.  The direction by Stanley Kubrick is masterful, and gives the audience  a glimpse into the horrors of  war, especially boot camp and basic training.  Warning: some may be  offended by the few hundred obsenities that pass for dialogue in this  movie.  Definetely a war classic, buy or rent it today!
6305265488|4.0|I liked &quot;Ever-After:  A Cinderella Story&quot; because Danielle (Drew Barrymore) is a strong character.  She knows how to defend herself physically and speaks her mind to both men and women in all stations, which  sometimes does her in.  That means the character Danielle isn't flawless.  Even though Danielle lies to save one of the  servants and passes herself  off as a noblewoman-cousin living with her stepmother and step-sisters, her  intentions are true to her nature.  I plan to rent it again in the future!
0783221487|5.0|Dune. What can I say. Weird, yes, dense and extremely complicated, yes, superb effects, yes, epic, yes, etc.<br />I love this movie. The actors and actresses do an excellent job. Toto gives the movie a great dramatic score,  and the effects are awsome.<br />I know people say that this movie departs  from the book, doesn't make any sense, or just plain sucks. Well, those  people are of the breed just looking for entertainment. If you want  intelligent, deeply layered Sci-fi that manages to throw in some good  action, see DUNE.<br />Widescreen is the only way to watch this movie. The  Pan-and-scan process really confuses an already confusing movie by chopping  off the sides of the picture.<br />If you can find a copy of the 4-hour  version, buy it immediatly. It really is awsome( Only complaints - Bad  editing, Stupid Male Narrator, Butchered music).<br />Dune is a underrated  epic. I loved it. I loved the books. Its all good
B000002C4J|5.0|When I bought this album shortly after Christmas 1998, I was buying on the basis that it was Celine's (I'm a long-time fan) but after listening to it the first time I fell in love!!! However, I can't stand to listen to  &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot;, not beacuse it's played out but because I  get sad and cry everytime I hear it.Celine puts her heart and soul into  every song she sings. the songs are filled with emotion and passion.  &quot;Immortality&quot; is by far the best track, mostly beacuase it  represents me and my ex-husband so well but &quot;Let's Talk About  Love&quot; is also worth mentioning because it's so powerful.This is a must  have for anybody who has been in love!!
6303421997|4.0|The Philedelphia Experiment has been overlooked for a long time. I don't remember when I first saw this movie, but I remember really liking it. I was about 7.<br />Later in my life, I was perusing my local Blockbuster, and I  spotted a copy. So I rented it.<br />Michael Pare is good as always. For a   movie of its obviously limited budget, the effects are really good. Nancy  Allen is good, heck, all the acting is good. The music is rousing, and the  plot is interesting. It really needs a Widescreen release from Anchore Bay  Entertainment.<br />My advice, get this movie. Its really good. And the sequel  isn't half bad either.
B000002BHE|5.0|This album is so powerfull with passion, feeling, love, and emotion. Celine put EVERYTHING she had into these songs. &quot;I love You&quot; just makes you want to cry and &quot;Because You Loved Me&quot; just broke my  heart.  And, &quot;if That's What It Takes&quot; is my favorite Celine song  EVER! The song is about a loyal and passionate lover who will never leave  her lover and will support him throughout it all. All these songs are good  just to sit back and close your eyes and dream....A must have for all peple  who would like to be in love or has been in love.
B000001Y2U|5.0|as a personal friend of marilyns i am stumped by the lack of credit he gets . its hard to look beyond the 15 year old mall gidgets and all the hype i agree . but this album is totally underrated and will live on as a  classic . it was the only thing that kept the shotgun out of the mouths of  every true rock and roll lovers mouths in the post nirvana slump . even  though the majority of his fans are kids , its the 25-30 year olds in the  croud that are saying thanks to satan . thank you for some greatrock and  roll and some riffs that you can chew on . image aside , can korn or coal  chamber turn out anything as hummable as the beautiful people ?? if you  can't hum it , it ain't a song and marilyn in all his ugliness is a real  toe tapper . like it or not , this is zeppelin , this is cooper , this is  kiss . if you want to rock you have no place else to go .
0451169514|5.0|I first saw the movie when I was 5 when I first saw the movie, I didnt think it was scary untill the seen when PENNYWISE pops his head up and starts talking to Georgy. Oh God it gave me the creepiest nightmares. In  one nightmare I could here that demonic laugh in our bathroom.  The book  which I read up untill the Georgy part gave me more nightmares. Stephen  King combined so many scary things in that book, clowns, sewers he even  scared me from taking a shower for awhile! If anyone can tell me WHAT  really is pennywise I dont think hes human maybe alien.
0441172717|5.0|Dune: Quite simply the most enthralling book I have ever read. Herbert's attention to detail and vision are unequalled and this book is a testament to this.
B000002HPV|5.0|;lasdkfhg ;elaskrh
B000001FG5|3.0|If you want the best tracks from &quot;Spirits Having Flown&quot;, go for the &quot;Bee Gees Greatest&quot; CD.  It includes the four best songs: &quot;Tragedy&quot;, &quot;Too Much Heaven&quot;, &quot;Love You Inside  Out&quot; (A #1 hit in the US included on the original vinyl release, but  not on this CD version), and the hypnotic title cut. As for the rest of  this album, it's rather uninspired, it's just filler. For my money,  &quot;Main Course&quot; still stands as the Bee Gees' best album from this  period.
0385493800|1.0|I really doubt that John Grisham wrote this. The plot is trivial and unconvincing, the sentence structure is monotonous, the characters are one dimensional and boring (I didn't care if any of them lived or died) and the  style, with the little smart-arse comments, is very annoying. I also found  that it trivialised the plight of the indigenous South Americans and their  environment. It is one of the few books of its type I didn't finish on  holiday because I couldn't be bothered wading through anymore to find out  what happens. Think I can guess anyway! Maybe the fact that I'd just read  Pat Barker's Regeneration Trilogy had something to do with my reaction. Now  there's someone who can write!
0800193334|4.0|I recently had the experience of viewing the movie with my eight year old daughter. I am not sure who enjoyed it more,she or I. A welcome escape from  cartoon musicals pretending to represent classic tales while actually  venues for promoting expen sive toys,clothing and have to have gimmicks. If  you have not seen it-rent it first. It will not  disappoint you.
B0000062GE|4.0|When Stabbing Westward first stormed onto the scene with their 1994 debut, Ungod, Chris Hall and Co. unleashed their raw aggression and bitter appeal onto an unsuspecting scene. And with that albums follow-up, Wither,  Blister, Burn &amp; Peel, they polished up that sound like a razor and cut  straight into the lifeline of radio and MTV. Stabbing Westward has braved  the comparisons to Nine Inch Nails and other masters of self-loathing, and  continued with their ritual bleed of the musical scene on their newest  release, Darkest Days. With Darkest Days, Stabbing Westward has further  developed their musicianship (as well as their line-up) and songwriting  skills, pushing their sound in an even more electronic direction. Instead  of trading off the aggression and passion that fueled Ungod, as it almost  seemed they did on Wither..., theyve instead blended the two sounds into a  cohesive whole. Darkest Days is not only sonically sharp and heavy, but has  some of the most aggressive riffs and pit-of-hell screaming vocals since  their debut. When Halls rage hits you full on with the opening of When  Im Dead, you feel the kick in the teeth that was missing on much of the  bands last release. While Halls lyrics are still true to their  self-loathing and scorn, like the eeriely haunting album opener Darkest  Days and onto How Can I Hold On, Hall also shows of some of the  vulnerability that was underscored on Wither... With tracks like You  Complete Me and Desperate Now, Hall seems to ache in a world of darkness  that is frightening, yet somewhat sensual at the same time. And when  listening to the lyrics of the albums final track Waking Up Beside You,  you begin to see Halls lyrics as more than embittered and enraged. It  almost gives a sense that underneath all those unresolved issues lies a  mind that can not only see the worst in someone, but the most beautiful as  well - sometimes making them one and the same. With the albums first  single Save Yourself, however, Stabbing Westward seems to give the  impression that theyve gone a lot more technical with their sound - almost  over polishing it and losing the edge theyve been known for. And it is  evident that Darkest Days has a more heavy electronic influence than their  other releases, espically in tracks like Drugstore, and Torn Apart  (which appeared on the Spawn Soundtrack re-mixed by Joshua Wink). While  most groups, however, take an electronic turn and lose the emotions in the  technology, Stabbing Westward utilize it to bring the darker, eerier, and  more surreal elements of their music further into the foreground, and  blends it with their up-front, aggressive backline and riffs. The effect is  espically impressive on the track The Thing I Hate, giving their music a  sharp edge and dynamic high-energy that often got lost in the dark riffs  and primal scream therapy.  With the addition of guitarist Marcus Eliopulos  into their line-up, Chris Hall, Andrew Kubiszewki, Jim Sellers, and Walter  Flakus have added another key element into the ever-evolving animal known  as Stabbing Westward. The result is a compelling album that is their  sharpest release to date, sound-wise. While it isnt their best album to  date (theres a difference there), it is by far the most dynamic and shows  that while Stabbing Westward are willing to take their music into new  directions, they still keep site of what works, and what doesnt, for them  - not what sells their records. Its not to say that Darkest Days doesnt  have its share of potential singles, after all it is 16 tracks worth of  what this quintet has learned since they first hit the scene over four  years ago. But it shows that Stabbing Westward are not only constantly  moving forward, they are out to teach the music scene a thing or two in  process.
0385493800|4.0|Grisham reclaimed some lost respect from this reader with an entertaining story of money, greed and an entertaining plot.   Certain past efforts from the author have educated us in various aspects of the law and &quot;The  Testament&quot; was up to those past standards as we learn of the  intracacies of writing and executing one's last will and testament.     Overall, the book and its story works.   Having read all of Grisham's  novels, I would place &quot;The Testament&quot; in a grouping including  &quot;The Firm&quot; and &quot;Runaway Jury&quot;, just below his still  best effort to date, that being &quot;A Time to Kill&quot;.    Certainly,  &quot;The Testament&quot; is far better than those at the bottom of my  Grisham ranker that includes such fluff as &quot;Street Lawyer&quot; and  &quot;The Chamber&quot;.   All the others are in the third tier so  &quot;The Testament&quot; is pretty much good vintage Grisham quality  writing.
1558216847|5.0|As bleak as the situation facing Rawicz and his party was, the journey through Siberia, Mongolia, China and Tibet is almost magical.  Some of this is the ghost writer at work, but the sense of freedom on almost every page  of the book - deep deep freedom from labor camps in particular and from  society at large in general - is profound.  This is one of the great  journeys of the world.  Rawicz's story is beautiful and moving and is a  great read.<br />A number of the reviews here have raised questions about the  possibility of all of this being true.  Who knows?  In fact, who cares?  In  extreme circumstances, individuals achieve extreme goals, and I believe  that it's quite possible that the story is true.  I hope never to be in a  situation in which I need to find out if I have as deep a set of physical  and psychological reserves as the members of Rawicz's party.
0792151712|1.0|COME ON, I beg of you. We all know that the Titanic sank, taking the majority of the passengers with it. So how predictable was it, that this was a story of unrequited love? This movie was terribly overrated, simply  because of the hundreds of millions of dollars to produce it. If you want  to see a true story of deep passion and unrequited love, try GONE WITH THE  WIND. Gone With The Wind has a wonderful story line and isn't as  predictable as this movie obviously was.
0553278398|5.0|Ever since I've read this book, I have never passed an opporuntiy to read any Issac Asimov books that I have come accross.  A must read if you haven't read it, a must buy if you don't own it, and a must read again if  you already own it
0316152196|5.0|The author develops the characters magnificently.  You feel as though you are right there in the head of the character.  He just gets better as he writes
0679433740|2.0|I love how all of the people who claim to like and understand this book focus their reviews on insulting the intelligence and sophistication of readers who did not like it.  If these people were so intellectually  superior, they would focus their critique on the substance of the book and  not feel the need to attack the intelligence of those of us who did not  care for this book.  I posted a review two months ago begging someone to  explain the ending of this book to me.  No one has been able to.  After  reading such childish reviews, I am proud to be in the &quot;simple  minded&quot; category.
B0000029GA|5.0|Before time began, rap was merely a party genre: one that clown princes like Slick Rick could rejoice in.  But when Nasir Jones released this album, the entire state of rap changed.  It's a masterpiece: the lyrics are  something out of Thomas Pynchon describing Queensbridge--very prophetic  stuff.  This album is a masterpiece, and, even five years later, the album  IS STILL CUTTING-EDGE!!!
0385121679|4.0|The Shining is a true tale of evil. The twists and turns plus what lurks behind room 217 will make you shudder time and time again. I loved every minute of the brialliant novel. Just from reading the first 30 pages or so  the book turns itself into a magnet. You think, &quot;Okay I'll read one  more page then go to bed.&quot; Then you realize five pages have gone by  without you even knowing it. Then you actualy close the book and go to bed  to find out you suffer from fear of the dark. So you turn the light on and  you still can't sleep so you begin reading again. They should save your  sanity and just slap a sticker that says- WARNING: Sleep may not come for  weeks after you reach the riseing action of the novel!!! Seriously parts of  The Shining are that scary. I recommend this book for people woh do and  don't scare easily.
1567310540|5.0|Many people would think of the film with the same title when trying to remember the story, and this time they would be mostly correct. After 1957's From Russia With Love, Ian Fleming had intended for James Bond to  perish with that story. He was convinced to continue with the character, so  in 1958 came Doctor No.    The story:  British agent Strangways in Jamaica  has been murdered, and James Bond has been ordered by M to investigate.  When he arrives, Bond meets Quarrel, a native of the area, and Honeychile  Ryder a beautiful woman whom Bond meets in a very unusual manner. Soon, it  is discovered that Strangways was murdered by agents of Doctor No, a  mysterious man who is a blend of German and Chinese, and who has a secret  that needs to be kept at his island home of Crab Key. Bond is soon captured  and put through a horrible torture through some very narrow tunnels. This  is one of  the best of the Bond novels, and certainly deserves a look.
0684874350|5.0|I wanted to reach into the pages of this outstanding book, and scoop up little Frankie and his brother Malachy. To carry them where  they could play in a green playground, eat a decent meal, wear shoes with no holes.  Frank McCourt tore my heart out with his tale.  I have never been so  touched by a biography.  A MUST READ!
0385493622|5.0|This book is truly amazing, showing the dedication of a human spirit and the power of the human mind to triump over a 300 year old problem.  A great history that reads like a novel.
6305232660|5.0|This movie is better than armageddon, it show that dealing with a comet is something to worry about not something to joke about. The effects were pretty good, they could have been better. Overall it was a good movie.
6302986028|5.0|I think that whoever had the idea of this movie has a great sense of hope and faith in God.Ive prayed all my life to find a place in my own heart and in others where the magic of a secret garden will become real. This  movie has helped me a lot when Ive had moments of deep sadness and  dispair, it has never let me down, no matter how sad Ive been, it has  always let a smile blossom in my face. I  sincerely thank the creator of it  with all my heart.
B000002NHN|4.0|Wonderful to listen to, though I like &quot;The Visit&quot; even more. A great mix of world sounds which touches something deep inside.
6305177473|5.0|I Think it is a great movie.It is full of hope and we think that it will make God laugh a lot  if he sees it! It made me cry, my husband and I have seen it 3 times and we thought we were crazy, but now we feel quite  releaved to know that someone already saw it 28 times ! We bought it right  here at amazon, and we cant hardly wait till it gets home!
B000007OY0|5.0|This is a great movie - a modern-day Count of Monte Cristo.  If you liked it, go back and read the book.
B000002JSN|5.0|Don't listen to the previous supposed expert on Zeppelin. I have listened to the entire album, and it really doesn't matter that half of the tracks were recorder in earlier years. The fact is that these tracks weren't  previous released. I would say that with the exception of Houses of the  Holy, this is a 5 star album. This album is the highlight of the 1970s  rock. This is the shining moment for rock history that will never be  repeated, because perfection happens only once.
6301966015|5.0|Saw the film when it came out and have since seen it at least a half-dozen times.  Wonderful plot, and full of the insiders look at trendy London in the 60's.  <br />The film left me with that tantalizing paradox of questioning  one's own perceptions - the exact message I got from the film.<br />What's  real, what's not?  Antonioni used the Mimes to portray that  question.<br />Great movie!!!
B000002W9Q|5.0|If you r a hopeless romantic, this CD is for you. All the songs are really good but 'Be my Baby' and 'You don't own me' are my favourites.
6304211740|4.0|If all of this movie lived up to its high points, it would have been great.  Gainsbourg is wonderful when she's not speaking, but often when she opens her mouth the scenes fall flat.  Hurt is less self-indulgent than  usual, but is best here at portraying deep emotions with small gestures --  not at delivering dramatic dialogue, which often becomes melodramatic.  The  movie suffers from inconsistent chemistry that builds while Gainsbourg is  listening and expressing her emotions wordlessly -- and then evaporates as  soon as she opens her mouth.
0871137380|5.0|This is the best book I have read in a long time. I never read over 300 pages of text so fast. A very good book and definately worth the money
B00000DHTF|4.0|I just bought tracks last week, and it was worth the money. I particularly liked brothers under the bridges, man at the top, rockaway the days, wages of sign, and living on the edge of the world. I didn't like the 4th cd that  much. I am excited about this tour, and for tracks highlights, which comes  out on april 13th, however &quot;the promise&quot; will be an acoustic  version.
0385484518|5.0|An inspirational, true story of a aged and dying college professor who is visited by a former student.  Although the student graduated some 20 years earlier, the strength and warmth of their relationship is rekindled and  their communication with one another takes on a protean dimension. One of  the kindest, most heartwarming stories I have ever read.
B0000065O1|5.0|I agree with everything already said in the other reviews.  My heart rate stays extremely high even during the &quot;breaks&quot; of the 'leg' section.  My husband was also surprised at how good of a workout it was for  him.
0316152196|5.0|I could not put it down.It kept taking you in different directions and kept you guessing.
6305358613|5.0|This is such a beautiful movie - every scene is like a renaissance painting, this alone makes this movie well worth every single dime. The only hangup Ive got on this movie is the music. This movie is based upon  the history of England in the late 16th century, why isnt the music? there  were ofcourse a few places where they used early music, but then only as  &quot;party music&quot; (or rather - Dance music - VOLTA). I think that a  Pavane for solo lute would have been extremely expressive in this movie,  instead we got some &quot;fat&quot; string arrangements with a guitar ?!?!?  playing melody ?? completely out of place. I wonder how such a missmatch  possibly occured ?!?!!? Why didnt we get to hear John Dowlands &quot;The  most sacred queen Elizabeth, her Galliard&quot; ?? Ive to admit, that the  use of Mozarts requiem in the end of the movie was great, but Thomas  Tallis (or any other renaissance composer for that reason), wrote some  beautiful pieces, why didnt the makes of the movie bother to talk to  someone with knowledge of this eras music. <br />After all, one of the better  movies Ive seen in a long time. A must see (and a MUST OWN !!!)
B000006OAM|5.0|For anyone who is considering picking up Natalie Merchant's &quot;Ophelia&quot; but isn't sure, having heard one critic too many label her pretentious or gloomy, I just want to throw in my two bits and tell you  to ignore them!  This CD is wonderful, I picked it up last summer on a whim  and still really enjoy it.  I didn't have &quot;Tigerlily,&quot; her first  solo release, and ended up buying them in reverse order so that I could  have more of Natalie's music!  I don't think it's fair to say one is better  than the other, they are both good CDs, different and yet quite similar...   I think on &quot;Ophelia&quot; she is branching out a bit more and trying  some new things, and good for her!  &quot;Frozen Charlotte&quot; stands out  as my favorite song, among other great tracks like &quot;Break Your  Heart,&quot; &quot;The Living,&quot; and &quot;When They Ring the Golden  Bells.&quot;  &quot;Life Is Sweet&quot; is also wonderful and really lifts  my mood each time I hear it.  I am so tired of my friends saying,  &quot;Natalie Merchant, well, she's okay but I just don't like her  personality.  She is SOOO serious, she needs to lighten up.&quot;   Actually, anyone who has seen an interview with Ms. Merchant should be able  to see how BENEVOLENT, QUIRKY, and BEAUTIFUL she is!!  She makes music  because she enjoys it, and she IS an artist.  I am going to see her in  concert next month, and I am so excited!  I can't wait to see her dance  around on stage like the previous reviewer mentioned, hehe.
B000002HMH|1.0|What kind of true metal fan really likes this? Absolutely, this is the worst work of Metallica. I really liked them, but they stole my money twice. (Road, Reload)
B000002J20|4.0|This recording has been been described by many anti-progressive rock critics (such as the critic who appears on the Amazon.com site) as the nadir of an already suspect genre of music.<br />To me, that criticism  represents the nadir of popular music criticism, which is truly a suspect  form of musical criticism in the first place.  If you do not have the time  or patience to actively and repeatedly listen to a compositional piece of  music like this, then you are not going to like it.  For instance, would  one send out a punk music fan to review a jazz concert?  Of course not,  because he is not going to like it and will not be objective.  Does that  mean that the jazz concert was necessarily bad?  Again no, you would have  to ask the JAZZ FAN who was at the concert.<br />That being said, I would like  to speak about the music, since I am an art rock, jazz and classical fan.   I have to admit that this is not my favourite Yes recording, however I  still play it alot since there are many intricacies of the piece which can  reward the listener.  Personally, I think it is about one side too  long.<br />The weakest side, to me, is Side Two where it takes about ten  minutes before Yes finally hit its stride.  The second half of this side,  however is brilliant and emotional, with an exciting blend of acoustic  playing, Rick Wakeman's synthesizer playing and awesome choral work.<br />Side  One has been improved with the Keys to Ascension recording.  I have always  loved side three and four and I wouldn't change a note.  They are the most  difficult pieces but again, the most rewarding and the most dramatic.  It  is hard not to shed a tear when, after the drum battle sequence, Jon  Anderson comes in, with minimal accompaniment and sings  &quot;Hold me, My  Love...&quot;.<br />There are some other weaknesses with the album.  Jon  Anderson's lyrics tend to lose focus on occasion and sometimes his vocals  tend to be a bit sharp.  The vocals as well could have used a little more  reverb as they sound rather dry.  All Yes members have complained that they  should have spent a bit more time on this large-scale project.  These  faults described above are likely some of the things that they were  referring to.<br />So, all in all, I recommend this recording for anyone who  wants some adventure in the music that they listen to.  If you are a  newcomer to Yes, though, start with &quot;Close to The Edge&quot;,  &quot;The Yes Album&quot; or &quot;Going For The One&quot;.
0140188711|5.0|This book is 850 pages thick in the French version. But we are talking abt 850 pages of pure romance. 850 pages of emotions. A quest for true love, redemption through love... Christophe Xof
0375707972|5.0|The novel focuses on the events of post-war Germany through the eyes of Michael Berg, who did not experience the holocaust first hand but must deal with the consequences of Hanna's actions.  This is a compelling novel that  everyone should read to understand what it was like growing up during the  time period after WWII and learning how to deal with the knowledge of the  atrocities of war.
6305311463|5.0|look all... all i want to know is what is this. i mean i loved the movie. but what is this the criterion collection. i mean, is it the directors cut or what???? does it have never before seen futage or what??? what makes  this better than the original movie???
1558908382|5.0|Positively love the quirkiness of this dialogue and all the performances!!  The blow up of the Ultamart has me laughing even before it happens -- and the Pulp Fiction cutout is a treat.  To anyone who has EVER attended a  school reunion (or as Jeremy Piven calls it the &quot;I've peaked and I'm  kidding myself party&quot;), you'll see a few people you know!  (And who is  the actress who plays Mrs. K?  She's great!) Consistently funny and  entertaining.  How could you not love John Cusack?!?
B000001FAU|5.0|Simply, one of the best rock albumever
6302737168|5.0|After about 15 minutes of the History of Genesis and talking with the current band members; the 140 minutes of non-stop &quot;The Way We Walk&quot; Concert begins. The music, camera angles, and special effects  are very well done.  Made me feel as if I was actually there at the concert  in London.
B000007OY0|5.0|Having read the book that contained this short story during my high school years, I was amazed that Steven King could write a story that was so good.. Sometimes I feel that he really missed his calling since some of his best  work is outside of the horror genre.  The book remains to this day one of  my favorites.  But as much as I like the book, I'm in awe of the movie.   The direction and the acting are unequaled in all but a few movies I've  seen.  Morgan Freeman's acting almost makes me forget about his days as  &quot;Easy Reader&quot; back on &quot;The Electric Company&quot;.  And Tim  Robbins I feel is never going to find a role so well suited to his own  character.  But the best asspect of the film is that a person is able to  see it over and over, always gaining something new out of each viewing.
156224003X|5.0|I am only about 3/4s through this book, and I couldn't be more enthusiastic. I happen to love Kenny Werner's piano playing--always heard him and thought &quot;Well, I'll never sound like THAT!&quot;-- only to  read his book and have him address this very attitude with unbelievable  accuracy.  I've already changed the way that I practice my instruments, and  I just put some of his approach to work in a 3 day recording session with  some players that I admire very much. While I had couple of brief  self-doubt meltdowns, the whole experience was so much easier than I had  even hoped for, and yes, even &quot;effortless&quot; at times. I know that  changing my perspective, and my expectations made a huge difference in my  ability to enjoy the moment, and as a result, the music that came forth. I  am recommending this book for anyone who has ever played a musical  instrument--at ANY level--and stopped, even if it was a long time ago. This  book explains what might have gotten in your way of the music-making  experience. I also want to recommend it to those of us who play  professionally but are either frustrated with our own progress or just not  enjoying it as much as we did when we were young. There's no reason music  can't be that fun again.
0385484518|5.0|What an effective little volume.  I read this book last night, and today I am practically consumed with the realization that my life is meaningless.  But take heart, for this is a good thing.  Thank God I'm not on my death  bed (Morrie might say otherwise), so I can still do something about it.   This book is just the slap in the face I need.
0062502182|5.0|I was hypnotized by the author's mastery and stly in delivering such important messages to the reader..<br />This book is about how one should appreciate life and one's existence, how one should make the best of  his/her being by following his/her dream or calling in life.<br />This book  comes with the message that there is no such thing as coincidence. Also,  that one should take time to reflect and understand the simple things in  life which could have very important impact on one's life
6303014100|5.0|If your a Civil War buff like I am this movie is for you.  It vividly portrays the 3 day slaughter by actually putting you into the front lines with Col. Chamberlain or chrging up the hill with Gen. Armisted.  Plus,  it's not a boring documentary.  I must agree though, the mustash's were  pretty &quot;interesting&quot;.
0060920432|5.0|Professor Csikszentmihalyi takes a difficult concept and makes it accessible. The ramifications of his work are virtually limitless. We have the power to choose the realities in which we live, and this book offers  invaluable insights into creating the optimal reality for each of us. But  more than being &quot;inspirational&quot;, his work is scientific and  critical. A &quot;must read&quot; for the intellectual interested in  psychological growth and understanding.
0395759242|5.0|The author addresses with clarity and exemplary research the poisonous side of European colonialism in Africa, but stresses as well the attempts of many, including several African-Americans, to bring the situation to  public attention and to redress.  This forgotten bit of history should be  far more widely known, as it equals the infamy of other genocidal events of  this bloody century.  Despite the ugliness of the story, the author manages  to engage the reader throughout.  Brilliantly written.
0399143904|1.0|We have a saying down hyar in East Tennessee regarding efforts that just aren't up to expectations: &quot;That dog just won't hunt&quot;. And, I believe that phrase can be applied to Tom Clancy's derivative &quot;Rainbow  Six&quot;. I found the novel to be an unenjoyable read that was plodding,  preachy, and utterly predictable. I won't be so quick in the future to plop  down good money to buy a Clancy effort. As with all of TC's latest efforts,  this baby is a long one at some 700 pages - and after wading through some  of it, you find yourself wishing that the author's editors had exercised  more control over the effort. Or, does TC have an agreement with the  publisher where he's paid by the pound? The novel so beats to death some  already beaten to death themes of Clancy's universe (evil  environmentalists, crudely drawn liberal politicians, terrorist bioweapons,  Good(ie 'whitelike')Minorities, Bad Minorities, and Stalwart NRA  Poster-Children Men With Guns) that you wish he'd just get on with it. The  novels of Mr Clancy's recent output have had Simple GoodMan (More  Republican than Thou) Jack Ryan dealing with all of our post cold-war  bugbears: the Middle East, Japan, Resurgent Iran. In this novel, he deals  with rampant, uncontrolled environmentalists who are so cartoonish and as  one-dimensional as the Good Guys (who don't believe in all that global  warming stuff) that the whole 'conflict' comes off as contrived. Tom: don't  preach, just tell a good story like &quot;Red Storm Rising&quot; or  &quot;Cardinal of the Kremlin&quot;. And, of course, you know who's going  to win-that is, if you've read any Clancy in the past. I got the novel  thinking that it was going to be a military themed work where his command  of military technospeak and his sketchy characters work best (the US vs the  PRC over Taiwan: a logical follow-on to Consecutive Odors). Instead, I  found a tedious rehashing of old themes, preachy right-of-Phil Gramm  political diatribes, and just too many pages to wade through for the  predictable pay-off. Sorta reminded me of a first draft of what would  become &quot;Exec...&quot; but was altered a little, inflated, and served  up so Mr. Clancy could earn enough money to bid on another NFL team.  And,  if anybody's interested: I have a 10 year military background (Army and Air  Force) and consider myself a liberal (thinking) Republican.
B000001U3K|5.0|Wow your in your room you have nothing to do and then you decide to put on Transformer. Boom, Next thing you know your wisked away to a place where ugliness can be beautiful and peace at heart comes by trial by fire. Lou's  music may be dark and scary sometimes but there is always a light at the  end of the tunnel and it's always a joy to travel with him there.
0446343129|5.0|An excellent book exposing the arrogance and folly of modern medicine. Although primarily dealing with the consumption of refined sugar, this book goes into many relevant tangents weaving in effect an enlightening  discussion which forces one to rethink the way he or she has taken for  granted to live.
0783226063|1.0|ba
B0000029LG|5.0|I have been a Michael fan since I was 3 years old and now I'm 19 so that's a long time.  I believe HIStory disk 1 is definetely the single greatest disk of all time and HIStory disk 2 is definetely some of Michael's  greatest work.  I wish that Michael put Smooth Criminal on it, but oh well.   I sometimes hear from people that Michael was great in his time and now  he's all washed up.  When I show these people some of his new work like  Ghosts they love it.  I just wish that someday I can meet the KING OF POP  in person.
B00000AFFF|5.0|Ever since I saw the Leslie Stahl/ Burt Bacharach interview on 60 minutes a few weeks ago I was intrigued.  I was pleasantly surprised how much I actually like this CD.  Elvis' range is truly challenged by Burt's lyrics  &amp; together they turn out to be a great combination. Definitly one to  add to any well rounded CD collection.
B000001Y5J|5.0|I am very much into the music on the Broken CD.  This is a very good NIN CD. I also recommend Halo 12 from NIN entitled &quot;Closure.&quot;
630518299X|5.0|After stupid films such as Ace Ventura &amp; Dumb &amp; Dumber, Jim Carrey finally gets to act in a real film. This movie will make you think differently about the human rights of privacy, personal freedom, and  dignity. Fantastic film, superior satire of our media oriented society.  Without language, excessive violence &amp; sex, this film is perfect for  the family (children under 12 should watch with parental guidance)
0552131067|3.0|The only way the skeleton time keeper of death can get a break from his job is to train a new time keeper.  That is where the lost and unintelligent character Mort comes in.  His clueless attitude gets him the  job of training to become the new time keeper of death, but his wondering  mind puts him in an unfamiliar place.  Instead of killing the intended  victim he instead kills the assassin.  This sets Mort on a trail to try and  mend back together his mistake, before the future becomes turned around.
0062502174|5.0|This book is a world treasure because it so simply and beautifully sums up metaphysics. I think it should be required &quot;life reading.&quot;  A refreshing change from all the &quot;new age&quot; titles that, while  filled with long-winded theories, don't really say much.
6304014457|5.0|This movie symbolizes great silent horror movies.  Unlike the new 'slasher' movies it shows a basic story. it was remade into a music video by Rob Zombies' &quot;Living Dead Girl.&quot;  It is one of the best movies  ever.
B000002JA8|4.0|The album is nice but I got a chance to buy the special edition that contains two CDs one is the album &quot;Bilingual&quot; and the other is full of remixes they are probably the best that Tennant/Lowe duo produced  in their music history...if you are a party animal you won't be  disappointed I promiss you.....
0002171856|5.0|this is the only book you need to buy, pack it with your gear...
B000003S5H|4.0|A great CD made for chillin' with your girlfriend at bedtime. Good combination of funk, slow jazz, and looping that puts it in it's own niche. It's original--if not lazy, fun.
0671015206|5.0|This book was particularly interesting in resetting my priorities in life and new goals. It is also a good guide line as to know wetter you'r on the right track, financially. This book gives a good description of the reality  that exists among wealthy people. It is very straight foward and  motivating. It basically says that anybody can become wealthy no matter how  much they inherited. My husband honestly said that it did not contain a lot  of information that he didn't know but for people, like me, who are not  financial professionals, like my husband, it is a great 'financial  reference'. I've been hunting that book down for a while before I finally  bought it in Canada and now I'm ready to read more about the works of the  same author and others. It gaved me a great boost!
1573301043|5.0|&quot;Oh my gosh!&quot;  That's what I said when I saw Diva's Live for the 1st time.  I immediately knew that when it came out on video i'd have to have it.  It was so awesome.  Celine, in my opinion, put on the best show.   She was so into the song and communicated with the audience...she was  dancing, laughing and having a great time with all the other DIVAS.  My  favourite part was at the end when they sang &quot;Testimony.&quot;  Celine  and Aretha seemed like they were in competition as to who could sing the  loudest and put the most heart in their music.  All of them were  marvelous!!  I recommend this video for all Celine, Gloria, Aretha, Shania  and Mariah fans.  It's &quot;da bomb!&quot;    To the Diva's...&quot;Thank  you so *very* much for providing so much entertainment for your fans.  I  really appreciate it...I LOVE YOU CELINE!&quot;
0399142851|1.0|I've read several of Cornwell's mysteries, and perhaps I've just picked the wrong ones.  I'm so tired of hearing of the evil Carrie and what she did to poor Lucy and other recurring major characters.  I've also lost  interest long ago in the love life of just about every recurring character  in this series.  Furthermore, it's too bad the author can't present  pathology without excessive gore. Please, Ms. Cornwell, come up with  something new and ease up on your noble heroine's ongoing private problems  (or at least change them a little).  I really enjoy ME mysteries and would  like to see something similar to the approach of &quot;Silent Witness&quot;  or the latest J. Deaver books (minus the heavy gore).
0394533992|5.0|My mother bought this book back in the early 1970's  when she was a busy working mother.  On one of my visits home from college, I expressed a newly found interest in cooking.  So Mom gifted me with &quot;Mastering the Art  of French Cooking&quot;.  She liked to bake but had left cooking as a  priority for that time in her life.<br />Now it's 1999, and I will send a copy  of this book to my sister for her birthday in May.  Mom wants one too.  Her  birthday is in May as well, and she is tired of hearing about the wonderful  dishes I prepare from this book.  So I will return the favor of twenty  years ago and send her a copy.  In retirement, cooking has become once  again a priority for her.<br />The French took the wonderful cuisine of the  Florentines, themselves heirs to the Roman way with food, and refined it  exquisitely.  If you have any doubts, take a recipe that interests you from  the book at the bookstore.  Go home and prepare it.  If you are a novice  cook, you will be rewarded by savory, tasteful results beyond any hopes you  might have held out for yourself.  Just follow the recipes scrupulously.   <br />If you love to cook and you're American, this book is your right arm.   It's the base from which you can extend yourself confidently into other  cuisines.
0679428887|4.0|Okay, I have read the other reviews that have already been posted on this book, and I think the important thing to remember is that this is a novel and not a textbook on Russian History.  Robert Harris does an excellent job  of putting together all the elements of past and modern Russia to make you  feel like you are there, and though I admit that his ending is a little bit  beyond the realm of believability, that's why this is called historical  FICTION and not historical FACT.  As an historian, I have several  colleagues who despise any work of art or literature which presents itself  as the absolute truth (i.e. &quot;J.F.K.&quot;) but I don't see any  footnotes or endpaper from Robert Harris making any such suggestions and  the book does in fact keep your interest for the simple matter of finding  out how it ends.  The last book I read this quickly was some Agatha  Christie mystery, and like those works &quot;Archangel&quot; demands that  you find out how it ends and quickly.  If you really have more of a problem  with endings that fail to support strong set-ups, then I suppose you could  deduct another star, but I think you would be denying yourself a decent  glimpse into Russian culture and history.
B00000DFRS|5.0|THIS CD IS SO GOOD, THAT I'VE PURCHASED TWO.  ONE FOR THE HOUSE, AND ONE FOR THE CAR.  I LOVE TO LISTEN TO MRS. BROWN(WHITNEY) SING, AND I OWN EVERYTHING SHE MADE.  I CANNOT WAIT UNTIL SHE MAKES ANOTHER CD. I DO HAVE A  QUESTION THOUGH,  WHERE CAN I OBTAIN A COPY OF THE LYRICS FOR THIS CD?
0688158234|4.0|Waris tells an engaging story of her life, encountering a series of stumbling blocks and persevering through them all.  The difficult childhood (by western standards) that she endured seems to have prepared her  emotionally for the worst of it.  Most of the story takes place in cities,  London and New York. I was left wanting to hear more about her youth in  Mogadishu and especially the desert, as these are unfamiliar places to me,  and what was told was interesting.
0920668372|5.0|I have had this book in my house for over ten years, and both my daughters, ages seven and ten, have always loved it. That's the only book the three of us still read together.  We say the phrase in the book to each  other all the time.
6304675348|5.0|This movie is about a group of teens trying to escape a mass murderer. Many people around the community are killed by these two people who wear a stretched white mask. the killer will surprise you!!!
B000002JS0|5.0|Balls to the wall
630512065X|1.0|First of all, the music is wonderful.  I loved the show and all the music from it, and the music is there, in all its splendor, wonderful to listen to.  But, if I want to hear the music, I listen to the CD.  I was looking  forward to a video that would capture my joy in seeing the staged  performance.  This doesn't come near!  There are changes in camera angle  every 3 or 4 seconds.  Very effective for a 3 minute MTV video, but  extremely annoying for a full-length video.  Shows are choreographed to be  seen from the orchestra section - that is, the front.  This video shows the  musical from the front, back, above, below, both sides, angled, you name  it.
B000005QH3|5.0|This is an underappreciated film (at least in the film guides) which be enjoyed on many levels.  It is most obviously a very entertaining action-adventure with great photography and driving stunts, but the real  story is told through imagery and metaphor.  It is set in the vast spaces  of the western deserts, a place in which it is easy to feel free.  But life  is not that simple.  The main character, Kowalski is pursued by the police  for traffic violations, but his real crime is being an individualist who  fails to conform to society.  He chooses to try to outrun or ignore those  forces rather than attempt to camouflage his true nature by blending in.   At one point Kowalski meets an old man in the desert who helps him  camouflage his car to avoid detection, but it is not in our hero's nature  to live that way.  The film is loaded with thought provoking imagery and  has several interesting characters.  There is a fine musical score with  great lyrics to support the story.  The soundtrack needs a remix and better  equalization, so it is a challenge to understand the song lyrics. However,  I'm very glad it is available on video again.  It deserves to be remastered  and put on DVD so it can be seen in widescreen, but the video transfer is a  lot better than nothing, and the price is right.  This is one of my  favorites movies.
B0000025BA|5.0|Monty &quot;Schlongomatic&quot; Smith is so incredibly off-based it's pathetic. This was and still is a key album in popular music. That such uninformed mercenary morons are paid to review music is one of the wonders  of the 1990s. PC
0425152251|5.0|this book truly makes you stop and think about the world and your place in it.  You may not remember the dates and exact people he talks about, but you will come away with more questions and ideas than before.
B000002KLP|5.0|To be honest, I love all types of music, and I must admit, I am heavily infulenced by 70's and 80's music.  With that said, this album is a must if you want to hear a truly unique sound from that era. This is THE album.   Raw guitars, funky synth lines, driving drum and bass.  Top it off with  soulful wailing in a falsetto no less. <br />(Uptown) is an antiwar party  anthem.  (Head, Sister)...set new standards in pop pushing the limits of  censorship, but worth it.  (When Were Mine)- very hearfelt and spunky.  (Dirty Mind) simple, but infectious. If I had to choose 10 recordings to  have on a desert island this would be one of them!<br />Nuff Said'<br />Thad
B00000ADG2|4.0|I found myself desiring to review this album for the handful of naysayers.  <br />I am not a fan of Hip-Hop.  Generally, speaking I find it one-dimensional with individuals comprised of little beyond the gift of  rhyme.  Anytime Hip-Hop offers a product with actual musicians, I am  encouraged.  But, Lauryn Hill has actually provided a project that offers  more than your typically bland Hip-Hop album.  I find it interesting that  this testosterone-filled genre' has been taken to a higher plane by the  hand of a woman far more mature than her years would suggest.  The singing,  melodies, and harmonies are pleasant when juxtaposed amongst a  diversification of  music showing influences from gospel, Hip-Hop, R&amp;B,  Reggae.  Lauryn has taken us to what she has seen, where she is from, and I  appreciate the ride.  <br />I look forward to what will come next from the  urban influences.  I look to the Hills, Badus, the Sades, and the  Hepcats.  I wait for the next perfection of the fusion of Hip-Hop with  jazz.  I look forward to Wyclef Jean to create something genuine and  re-embrace his musical talent.  The music industry is changing for the  worst with consolidation, and a nuclear explosion of musical originality  will transcend the major label powers.  I hope Ms. Hill has made the peers  in her court stronger.
6304109318|5.0|This is a good example as to why seeing a movie yourself is better than looking to critics to decide your opinions.  Despite the spanking this movie received, MARY REILLY is a surprising psychological thriller with a  number of tasty elements to it.  Malkovich's Jekyl/Hyde is a schizophrenic  man and not a monster. You cannot take your eyes off the screen when  Robert's mousy, tormented maid is shown.  Please take a look at this movie.   It may entertain you a lot.
B000002KBH|5.0|How much can you say about this album?  It is without a doubt one of the greatest of all time.  Could anyone here actually give it less than 5 stars?  Anyone who loves good music will love &quot;American Beauty.&quot;   You don't have to be a Deadhead to enjoy it.  Although, if you're not a  Deadhead, this one's liable to turn you into one.  Buy it, and welcome to  Dead country!
076781326X|5.0|Good Old-fashioned homemade hot chocolate pudding is what OLIVER! is.  Ron Moody, not Jack Wild, steals the show with funny songs like &quot;Pick a Pocket or Two&quot; and &quot;Reviewing the Situation.&quot;  All the songs  are accompanied by epic-sized production.  This is wonderful wholesome fun.   Please check it out. You will not be disappointed.
B000005IKX|4.0|How can the impending break-up of 4 members who are no longer happy together sound so terrific?   &quot;Visitors&quot; is mature, thoughtful and ... dark (Yes, Abba and Dark together).  Gone is the bounce, but  welcome are the best lyrics Bjorn Ulvaeus ever wrote (stand-out &quot;When  All is Said and Done&quot;).  Soulful and sad, this album is the perfect  swansong for the greatest pop band in popdom's history.
B000003TA4|5.0|This CD expresse all of their ideas of music. The best song on this album is definately Lounge Act.
0312853238|5.0|I read this book over the summer as part of required school reading.  I didn't think I would like it at all, but I gave it a shot.  Once I started reading, I couldn't put it down.  I rarely read sci-fi or fantasy, but this  book was great!  I highly recommend it to someone who wants to try a new  genre of books or those who want a great new book.
6302968143|5.0|This is one of those great Halloween-ish movies that fit me. Probably because my favorite Holiday is Halloween! If you like The Nightmare Before Christmas, you'll like this. You might even call it a ligther/funnier/not  as serious version of The Craft!
630512065X|5.0|Don't listen to the other reviews.  Cats is a great video and should be in every home in the world.  Cats is one of my favorite musicals and the video and Elaine Paige are great.
6302293553|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  Of course I think that Monty Python is one of the funniest, if not the funniest, comedy groups around.  My favorite part would have to be...  EVERYTHING!!
6305229449|3.0|Although &quot;Mulan&quot; entertained me, the movie didn't have a Chinese look to it. I read somewhere that the animators had gone on a trip to China to do research for this movie. I thought that they must have gone to Japan  instead of China. I know I am not supposed to look for authenticity from  Disney, but I had imagined that the design would look more Chinese. And the  colors were too pastel. However, the computer animation of the Huns riding  down the hill was pretty impressive- it looked so realistic. The songs were  not very memorable but the worst song was the training song whose title I  can't remember. I did like the strong herione role instead of the usual  Disney heroine who is always searching for romance.
6304240562|2.0|I once viewed DAWN OF THE DEAD as something of a masterpiece when I first viewed it in the mid-80s. Having viewed this film again recently with the release of the director's cut, I have to say that this one doesn't really  stand up that well. In fact, it looks rather dated. Romero's intelligence  shines through in the above-average script and characterizations, but it's  all the then-trendy 70s/80s gore effects that badly date the film.  Makeup  effects artist Tom Savini did wonders on a low budget, but the makup fx are  so gaudy and over the top that they look rather cheesy. Every time the  story gets interesting, there's a slew of garish gore effects that had me  groaning and chuckling to myself, with the result that the film overall is  uninvolving. This was once terrifying, and is now a cheesy chuckle. See the  original NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD for a genuine exercise in how to build  fear on a low budget.
B000002UZ4|5.0|All of these songs are great, but the one that stands out most to me are Domino Dancing &amp; What have I Done to Deserve This?  both two of my favorites &amp; this album is excellent!
B000001FSP|5.0|From her early recording years, which sound as fresh as morning dew, to her later years, such as the album Broken English, where her cigarette stained voice is ravishing and fascinating, you can't go wrong!
6302420326|5.0|One of the most entertaining times you'll spend learning.  A MASTERPIECE
B0000025HU|5.0|This is the best album of all time!<br />Each century has a few musical artists that really meant something. As far as the 20th century goes, the two bands that created the best music were the Beatles and the Clash. They  were in a league of their own.
B0000033TE|5.0|I've always wondered about the critics who panned ELP.  The standard counter-argument is to say that most critics are just frustrated musicians who are simply envious of ELP's virtuosity.  If that's true, then it  explains why BSS is among the most vilified albums of the prog rock  movement.  This album is a dark and aggressive musical adventure that's  aged exceptionally well.  Jerusalem still gives me goose bumps, after many  dozens of listens.  Still...You Turn Me On is perhaps the most mysterious  and haunting love song I've ever heard.  And the Karn Evil 9 suite is an  eclectic masterpiece that starts off with a bluesy organ riff and rocks  into the familiar &quot;Welcome Back My Friends...&quot; -- the 1st  Impression is an unbelievable musical blitzkrieg.  The jazzy and deft 2nd  Impression is stylistically very different -- I don't know how ELP pulled  off this juxtaposition, but it works.  The 3rd Impression is a  computers-run-amok sci-fi extravaganza.  One is left with the Impression  that Keith's Hammond, Steinway, and Moog were literally smoking by the  conclusion.  With apologies to the true ELP faithful, I don't think ELP  ever came close to the power and glory of BSS ever again, collectively or  individually, with the exception of the fantastic reading of Copland's  Fanfare for the Common Man on Works I.  BSS is a must-own for true prog  rock fans.
0679745203|2.0|I think a better title for the book should have been &quot;Kip-the wary sapper.&quot;  Ondaatje only devotes, at most, three chapters to the English Patient.  The rest of the book is devoted to Kip, the bomb sapper.  I honestly thought that the book would be about the title, but I was wrong.   Although the book was written well, I was disappointed in it. I wanted to  know more about the English Patient and his journey's through the desert.   I would only recommed this book to others after informing them that it is  about mainly about Kip.
0553269631|2.0|I'll admit that this book was interesting, but I didn't know where the author was going with it.  I had to read this book for English so I could write a speech about it on whether or not it's a classic.   I don't know  what I will write since I really don't know what it's themes are.  I could  not relate to the characters very much.  I don't know anyone like these  people!  What I saw were a bunch of losers who had their problems, but they  didn't didn't try to help themselves!  Mr. Singer was the most promising  character in the book, but he killed himself!  I was very disappointed!  I  guess this book made me realize that  I have little problems in comparison  to them.  Don't read this book unless you are an expert on finding themes!
0783221487|4.0|The movie was done quite well,that is if you had NOT read the Dune series of books.If you had then you might had been disappointed.It was an honest attempt at seeing into the Mind of the author Frank Herbert.This movie  barely skims the surface on the pond of imagination that was called Frank  Herbert.I recommend going back and reading the series of books in the Dune  Trilogy and then watching the movie again.You will understand how this  movie to some Herbert readers was a farce.   I would buy it again,after my  curreent copy becomes un playable and worn out.   long live the FIGHTERS!
B00000HZFH|4.0|You've read these other reviewers too; I second the majority here (so far) in saying that this is not another Perfect From Now On--it's less meandering, more concise, while keeping the songs shorter and a bit more  accessible. I prefer Perfect, but like the new album's willingness to stay  out of the rut. and, yes, that song full of cliches from AOR  &quot;classic&quot; [sic] rock many of us too grew up on, like it or not,  is itself &quot;classic&quot;. Scott Plouf (dumped from the Spinanes by the  other half of the duo awhile back) gives this disc a real propulsion--his  interaction with the other two members, as revealed on repeated listenings,  truly animates the songs much more that I think has been noticed, since he  and Brett Nelson have to work backing the daunting technique shown by Doug  Martsch. (At least Brett has his own band--check out Caustic Resin's  &quot;the Medicine is All Gone&quot; for another dazzling, similarly dense  collection of up/downbeat songs.) Doug's voice takes some getting used too,  even if you're a fan. Neil Young plus Wayne Coyne (Flaming Lips) echoes are  less obvious than on earlier Built records, but he's still pretty, uh,  high-pitched. Better this than the usual vocal styles, granted.
0385474547|5.0|I read this book for my history class and I have to say it was inspiring. In this world which is ever evolving in all aspects, change, has been quiet a challenge to portray and be understood. Chinua Achebe did that in Things  Fall Apart and I encourage anyone with the any interest in what is going on  around him or her to read and be inspired!
B00000ADG2|5.0|I bought this cd the first day that it was released based solely on the fact that she was able to update that old Roberta Flack jam and make it come alive.  This young women is singing from her experience.  it's amazing  how deep she can reach and be so young.  Each song hits home especially  &quot;TO ZION&quot;.  I am a child of 70's disco(underground not radio) and there were some artists and writers who truly mastered the art  form.  Lauren Hill is a master of 90's hip-hop.  She still is humble in her  manner but her art transcends.  Being a church musician myself, classical  and gospel, it is truly amazing to see someone perfom from the soul.   Whether you want to believe it or not her music is a message from God.   Only those of true spiritual connection can deliver music of this quality.
B000000OUE|5.0|I Zombie is the best song eve
6303832563|5.0|This amazing video combines both incredible visual scenery with hypnotic music to create the most synical yet accurate portrayal of &quot;life of out balance.&quot;
0375707972|4.0|I identified with the &quot;kids&quot; relationship with Hanna. Great story. Anticipated yet surprise ending. Once I started I didn't put the book down until I finished. Worth reading again.
B00000DHTF|5.0|I'm astonished by this genius'work...again. Bruce is the most talented, prolific, gifted singer/songwriter/musician/performer of all time. The 4 cd's haven't left my player since the day they were released. I've been a  fan of his work for 20 some years, and amazingly, the effect his music has  on me is evergrowing. I live in the south which isn't exactly a hotbed of  Bruce fans, and I actually feel sorry for people who aren't into the gift  which is Bruce's music. My appreciation for this man's work is  indescribable.
6305263248|5.0|If you like explosions and really like to take advantage of your dvd surround sound, where here is the chance. This movie is full of deep impacts and great surround sound features that will blow you away. Deniro  plays a top notch roll as well as Reno. Definately the best action movie so  far this year.
0375707972|5.0|This was a great read. It was slow going at first but twists itself into a completely different tale. A very powerful ending! It is definitely one of my favorite books. I'm still thinking of the ending. It's a great book to  discuss with your friends.
0670881791|5.0|An absolutely wonderful and sensuous book - every single page is crammed full of delicious descriptions that will overwhelm every sense.
B000001Y42|1.0|To me this album is a rip off to Korn, I think too many bands are trying to sound like Korn and it is very disturbing.  Totally un-original, and very BORING!!!
0805054375|5.0|I can not describe in words what happens to my psyche while reading this book.  The adrenaline begins to flow out of control and I have to put the book down for a bit.  The more I read this book I begin to see myself as  one of the characters.  I can not stop talking about this, it is so bizarre  but real.  I can see this actually happening.  I know this is going to grow  biologically once it is read by a few people.  I hope the director does not  butcher this while creating the movie.  The director needs Sean Penn  because no one else can play &quot;Tyler&quot; also I am seeing Jennifer  Leigh as the Marla.  What a great book.  I am going to re-read it.
B000009QPE|5.0|If you are a novice to the band Slayer, then this is the album that you should buy.  probably one of the most influential Death, Thrash bands of all time.  Reign in blood is an album that clocks in at just under 29  minutes, the music is fast and aggressive, after 16 years this album is  still exciting to listen to.  The guitarists, Kerry King  and Jeff Hanneman  make their guitars wail in fury and the million bps drumming of one time  drummer Dave Lombardo(now of the band Grip Inc.)give this album the power  that envelopes your mind and body.  Tom Araya is at his prime as far as  vocals go,  His bass playing however is not very noyiceable, however Slayer  is a guitar driven band.  As the years have gone by however the bass is  more noticeable,esp sice his vocals have gotten a little weaker.      Reign  in blood will alway be the thrah/death metal album to have, and Slayer will  always be the band that would send shivers down the spines of your parents  or preachers if they ever found out you were listening to such a wicked  band.  Hee hee
6305313687|3.0|After seeing the trailers for this film, and reading some of the reviews I was expecting great things. Unfortunately I was ultimately dissapointed. While undoubtably a good film it reminded me of those &quot;made for  TV&quot; efforts in its style, plot development and ultimate conclusion,  and at the end telling the viewer the moral message. That really sumed up  my feeling on it. It was too blatent, and too obvious spelling things out  rather than leaving the viewer to make up their own mind . Despite this it  does have some merits, and Edward Norton is excellent in the main role.
B000000W5L|5.0|let it bleed, beggars banquet, sticky fingers, then EXILE. This is the Stones greatest, and rock n roll's greatest as well. Recorded in a basement in France, this album has a pulse that runs from start to finish. I can't  comprehend how a group was able to achieve this, especially after 3 albums  that are also considered rock essentials. Dim the lights, do whatever it is  that you do, and let EXILE take you away. It is the album against which all  great albums are measured.
