B000001E7L|5.0|The Cranberries sure do dominate with this album.<BR>It's hands down one of best music albums ever.  The lyrics are just great and the voice which is the best part about it.  Simply Beautiful.  Every song in this album is a good reason to buy this.  It is every bit of what good music is was ment to be.<br />The best song though is Zombie from my opinion.<BR>Over all if theres one album you wanna' waste your money on its No Need to Argue.<br />It's also one of the best albums The Cranberries have to offer.<br />Get this album...NOW!<br />Later
B0001UL7RY|5.0|I really like most of the songs on this CD but I'm not writing this review to get that point across.Actually I'm writing this to address the people here who just write reviews to make fun of the singer when they don't know anything about this cd.I'm talking about the people who hate Avril Lavigne when they have no reason to do so.Its not like she did anything to any of you so why do you lash out at her?Are you jealous or something?This is getting so out of hand.If you have actually listened to the cd and have something constructive so say about the SONGS then do so since WE ARE HERE TO REVIEW THE CD,NOT THE SINGER.
B00006879E|5.0|The pop/rock genre is not my favorite, but my god is this a good CD. The blend of music is superb. This CD is to good for my review so pick up a copy for yourself, and if you don't like it, try these . . . . <BR>1)Aqua<BR>2)Hansen<BR>3)Cannibal Corpse(just kidding)
B00006SFLV|5.0|I began watching this show recently on The N. I was and am 14. I could relate to this show so much that I watched it whenever I could. The N usually repeats shows at nauseum at least five times a day. But I found myself so in love with these episodes that I could watch them over and over again. But, The N, was presenting them, saying that the episodes were new. I liked the show so much, that I went online to find out more information on it, and to my surprise, the series was about 10 years old. And then I had this like, empty feeling inside, because I knew that this show hadn't survived more than 19 episodes and I had already watched 11. I was even mad at The N, for lying to the viewer. I had felt like I could relate so much with the main characters, and I loved how they got into all these regular trials and tribulations that are so everyday. Watching the other shows on The N, like Degrassi, in comparison with My So Called Life, there is nothing near it. I have watched so many teen melodramas, like Dawson's Creek, and 90210, and none of them compared to the realness of My So Called Life. I hate to admit it, but I cried when I heard that there were only 19 episodes, and I immediately took out the DVD's from the library. I miss the show already, even though it is still on The N. It gives me this felling like I was missing something in my life or something. I will forever be searching for something to replace this void, but never will find it. I am even trying to write a television pilot (I am a writer) that can come close to the show, but nothing that I write, ever will. My main love of the show is how they use the word &quot;Like&quot; so much, becuase people usually do use that word, but most other television shows act like everyone speaks perfectly and never are searching for words by using &quot;Like&quot;. This is why I watch &quot;Curb Your Enthusiasm&quot; because it is so realistic how they are all stumbling over words.
B00008NG5V|5.0|Bought this album on a whim. It usually takes awhile to really appreciate an album, but this was immediately likeable. I put it on at a party and everyone kept asking me who was playing. Several party-goers bought it the next day. It was enjoyable to listen to without being overbearing or depressing. Just smooth, acoustic and very well played. Great to listen to by the pool as well!
B0002D6JX2|4.0|It's been a long time since a woman singer has wow-ed me, Delta Goodrem has done it.  Every song on this album is superb, the emotion she puts on the songs is wonderful.
B000089RVX|4.0|There were a few songs I found a little limp in their writing and delivery, but still a definate keeper.  I do not buy an awful lot of '00 music, and this was the first band and album to come out post '00 that I've liked.
0780023013|4.0|These three short films, loosely adapted from stories by Poe, are all packed with stunning landscape and exquisite set design.  However, only Fellini's film manages to create a story worth retelling in its own right.<br />The first film is Roger Vadim's &quot;Metzengerstein&quot;.  The best thing I can say about it is that the gorgeous horse was the most effective actor in it.  He knew his lines, and nodded when appropriate.  Jane Fonda plays Contessa Frederica, an occasionally sadistic libertine who develops a passionate romantic attachment to the aformentioned horse. She is wondefully cruel and gorgeous, making the most out of some truly inspired little outfits.  The segment is filmed by Claude Renoir, who captures some stunning images  breathtaking beauty.  Again, the scenes with the horse galloping and cavorting with Frederica are rather intoxicating. The story itself, however, is sacrificed on the alters of atmosphere and aesthetics.  The end result is a very empty film.<br />Louis Malle's &quot;William Wilson&quot; basically has two really excellent scenes that make this worth watching.  The first is a simple send-up of an autopsy.  Wilson is demonstrating for his fellow Medical School classmates, the proper introductory procedure for performing an autopsy.  Except, where his instructor had used the corpse of an old man--Wilson had bound a lovely, living lass and is preparing to dissect her. The other great scene involves Brigitte Bardot.  Throughout this film, Bardot is unflatteringly coiffed in a black wig that is pulled back in a rather schoomarmish fashion.  Her eyes are seductive, but she doesn't demand the kind of camera worship she has so often received in other films. However, the hair  comes down and Bardot is soon being subjected to Wilson's birch rod.  Her face, hair, and the slashes on her back are aesthetically quite sublime.  Alain Delon is fair in the title role, but he lacks any real charisma. Between him and his doppelganger, I think they both possessed nearly as much charisma as the horse in Vadim's film. Overall, this film also sacrifices its story to the look of the film.  The end is rather intense and powerful in its own right, but it lacks significance because the story itself isn't carried forth with any conviction or authority.<br />Terence Stamp is Toby Dammitt in the final film, directed by Federico Fellini.  He really does an outstanding job looking washed out, confused, sick, drunk, and  completely at the end of his tether.  The film itself is phenomenal.  It is by far the most absurdist and melancholy of the three films.  In this adaptation of Poe's story, &quot;Never Bet the Devil Your Head&quot;, Toby is jaundiced with everything possibly gained by fame in this life. He seems to represent the insidious truth of fame. He is also haunted by a sweet little girl in white, bouncing a big white  ball.  The scenes relating to her are the best, in my opinion.  She is a sylph with terrible symbolic power. What does the ball mean?  Why is she so demonstrably joyful?  She can be read as  pure and active--a regenerative force that is the impetus for new life. She certainly is spooky and charged with energy. She is clearly something that Toby's psyche cannot accept. Ultimately, the viewer is made privy to a series of associations in Toby's mind that help us understand his relationship with the little girl. But we are not made aware of her exact role in his downward spiral. It is impossible to fully convey the magic that Fellini captures with this film.  From start to finish, there is a typically &quot;Felliniesque&quot; hyper-surrealism that transports the viewer into another dimension.  This is the only film of the three that manages the rather daunting feats of transcendence and cinematic art. Nino Rota's score is haunting and hypnotic throughout. An absolute masterpiece overall.oth possessed nearly as much charisma as the horse in Vadim's film. Overall, this film also sacrifices its story to the look of the film.  The end is rather intense and powerful in its own right, but it lacks significance because the story itself isn't carried forth with any conviction or authority. <br />Terence Stamp is Toby Dammitt in the final film, directed by Federico Fellini.  He really does an outstanding job looking washed out, confused, sick, drunk, and  completely at the end of his tether.  The film itself is phenomenal.  It is by far the most absurdist and melancholy of the three films.  In this adaptation of Poe's story, &quot;Never Bet the Devil Your Head&quot;, Toby is jaundiced with everything possibly gained by fame in this life. He seems to represent the insidious truth of fame. He is also haunted by a sweet little girl in white, bouncing a big white  ball.  The scenes relating to her are the best, in my opinion.  She is a sylph with terrible symbolic power. What does the ball mean?  Why is she so demonstrably joyful?  She can be read as  pure and active--a regenerative force that is the impetus for new life. She certainly is spooky and charged with energy. She is clearly something that Toby's psyche cannot accept. Ultimately, the viewer is made privy to a series of associations in Toby's mind that help us understand his relationship with the little girl. But we are not made aware of her exact role in his downward spiral. It is impossible to fully convey the magic that Fellini captures with this film.  From start to finish, there is a typically &quot;Felliniesque&quot; hyper-surrealism that transports the viewer into another dimension.  This is the only film of the three that manages the rather daunting feats of transcendence and cinematic art. Nino Rota's score is haunting and hypnotic throughout. An absolute masterpiece overall.
B000001E7T|4.0|After splitting from her partners Rob Ellis and Steve Vaughn, Polly Jean Harvey spent two years making a CD which would recreate her image. She traded in her heavy combat boots and jeans and tank tops from the men's department for striking brightly-colored dresses. She grew her curly black hair down her back and painted her face with slashes of bright red lipstick and black eyeliner. Essentially, she transformed from a starkly militant asexual performer to a theatrical epitome of femininity. However, as the record proves, this transformation was completely on her terms.<br />1. To Bring You My Love--A kind of slow, heavy metal song. A real tension builder complete with an organ. Harvey really throws herself into this song with throaty vocals and dramatic lyrics. &quot;And I'd travel over the dry earth and floods; Hell and Highwater to bring you my love. To bring you my love...&quot;<br />2. Meet Ze Monsta--A song with growling and snarling guitars that crunch and stomp. This is kind of a fun song, probably one of the faster ones on the album. &quot;Yeah, I'm read to meet ze monster tonight.&quot;<br />3. Working for the Man--This one is interesting. It's has a nice beat but it is so quiet that you can barely hear the lyrics. It's worth trying to find them on-line because they are interesting. The song could easily be about a nun or a prostitute. I've heard claims that it is actually about God. It is eerie though to hear Polly Harvey insisting acquiescently, &quot;I'm just working... for the man,&quot; as one gets the impression that Harvey would never let herself be subdued thus.<br />4. C'mon Billy--This is probably the closest PJ Harvey has ever come to producing a folk/country song. It is very pretty and the premise is probably one of the less complex for a PJ Harvey song--a woman who has given birth to an illegitimate child pleads for her lover to return to see the child he deserted. Harvey sounds heartfelt and affectionately subservient as she begs, &quot;Comehome, is my plea, your home now is here with me.&quot;<br />5. Teclo--Probably one of the more interesting tracks on the album. It begins with what sounds like ice being shaken in a glass and then dark, eerie guitar chords kick in. I have no idea what this song is about, but it seems to involve darkness being redeemed by dignity. &quot;I've learned to beg, I've learned to pray, send me his love... Let me rise, let me rise, let me ride on his grace for a while.&quot;<br />6. Long Snake Moan--My personal favorite. Probably the most intense song on the album. It begins with a sort of moan and then guitars just slam in and the song practically explodes. The song almost seems to be daring the listener to enter a personal hell. &quot;You ought to hear my long snake moan.&quot; Special sound-effects include the noise of a whip cracking in the background. Who can resist Harvey asking of the listener: &quot;Is my voodoo working?&quot;<br />7. Down By the Water--My second favorite song and probably the most well-known. This song kind of ambles eerily along, mingling a sense of parental protection with lost innocence. Reportedly the refrain is taken from a Captain Beefheart song, &quot;Little fish, big fish, swimming in the water/ Come back here and bring me my daughter.<br />8. I Think I'm A Mother--Another dark song with a tension-building guitar opening. The kind of song you could imagine playing on a dark and stormy night. Again, it's a little bit hard to understand what Harvey is saying. Ostensibly, the song seems to be about abortion, but in an interview, Harvey claims she was writing about herself.<br />9. Send His Love To Me--Another folksy song. Although it's lyrics describe being kept prisoner in a desert away from one's love, the song itself seems almost lighthearted in tone. Reminiscent of C'mon Billy, but good.<br />10. The Dancer--Frankly, I didn't like this one much. It's supposed to be Flamenco-tinged, but I couldn't tell. It is kind of in the same vein as C'mon Billy and Send His Love To Me, but I did not like it as much. The bird calls in the middle struck me as kind of weird and I didn't know what they were as first. Probably the worst track on the album, but still mediocre.<br />Overall, this album is extraordinary and quite a departure from DRY and RID OF ME. Many people consider this to be Harvey's finest work and it seemed to pave the way for her later albums, most especially my personal favorite, IS THIS DESIRE? Polly Jean Harvey proved that not only could she retain the name of her trio and bring it to new heights, but that she could metamorphose and change herself and her image, while still retaining her edgy, won't-go-quietly roots. Apparently, the strain of this album was too much for Harvey as she suffered a nervous breakdown after this album came out. Fortunately for us, she recovered and managed to use the depth of her pain as fodder for her next album. In the meanwhile, she seems to have found a renewed and permanent happiness.
B00005B36H|3.0|O.k. this album is maybe a lot better than it appears to be, but regarding progress Tool made with each new album, I was a bit dissapointed. I guess I expected something far more advanced and original than what came out of 'Lateralus' that appears to be just another high-five prog rock album from those Tool guys. Fine, booklet is very unusual and cool, but so was the booklet on Aenima, songs may technically be close to perfection, are longer than usual, don't follow up the usual line-chorus-line-chorus, pattern, and are not MTV friendly but its nothing special, there are (and were) many bands that follow that path. And isn't using musical elements from eastern parts of the world just another western trend? Look at all bands that do it. It's rubbish when Madonna does it, but when Tool does it then it's deep, so deep...<BR>   And what is going on with band's obvious obsession with Crowleyian mysticism and apochrypha? Your usual Christian symbolism and metaphora is laughable, but angels that whispered stuff to Aleistar's ear are cool and real deal? Come on...<BR>'Is there heaven is there hell is that some CHEESY smell I smell?'<BR>Come on... <BR>   Despite all of that, and comparing it to many other rock/metal albums that come out every day it is still a very good album, and definetely has its moments, but not as many as Aenima. Go ahead buy it, don't download it (Danny could be in a serious need for a new set of tires for his Porsche, he, he,) and experience it for yourself.
0790731231|5.0|This has got to be one of the best Mafia movies.  It also helps with great actors like Robert De Niro and Joe Pesci.  It is so good, it equals the Godfather.
0805062971|5.0|in short: this book kicked ass. i loved all of it, from the random bits of useful information on explosives to the occasional rather graphic sex elements. having read this and Choke, Chuck Palaniuk is now my favorite author. He uses his own style of writing that is blunt and darkly funny. Read this book, then see the movie. theyre both really awesome.
B00009V7RF|3.0|Having listened to the past two albums by the Black Eyed Peas, I expected to see a further progression towards a light-hearted, party feel on this album. For that reason, I wasn't surprised to hear a bit of dance influence on this album. I was surprised, however, to find that their lyrics had taken a steep downhill course. <br />I've always liked BEP more for their beats than their lyrics, but they managed to do alright on Bridging the Gap. On this album, however, some of the rhymes were just awful! In Sexy, Will.i.am rhymes ecstasy with itself 3 times in a row! When Fergie started rhyming, I didn't expect much and wasn't surprised with her lame lyrics. There were a few songs that did alright, but as a whole, I expected better from the crew.<br />The bottom line is that the BEP appear to be catering more to the masses. Their time seems to have been spent on producing catchy beats rather than good, meaningful lyrics. I only wish that the crew would follow through with their promise on the last album and keep bringing it back to real hip hop. Still, if you like hip hop artists making pop music, then this album is for you.
B00005JKO9|5.0|This is a wonderful film that is really a love story.  Yes, it is an epic history of the Russian Revolution but it is one of the best biographies of Jack Reed and other progressives of the early 20th century.  My wife and I saw this film in the theater in 1981 and fell in love with it.  We watch it at least once a year because of the terrific love story and amazing historic sweep of the film.  I love the idealism found in this film.  It shows that ideas are  important and that each of us should attempt to live out what we really believe in.  Someone should release this film on DVD it stands the test of time!
0739313126|4.0|I jumped right on the bandwagon and decided to enjoy this book.  My boyfriend and I did a road trip to Vermont and experienced it via the audio-book (for a change of pace).  It was rather suspenseful and it certainly reads like a movie.  The actor who reads the audio version is AMAZING...&quot;I MUST SAY&quot;.  They should give him an Academy Award for 'book reading'!<br />Now I want to see the movie; however, the book is simply a run around, chase 'em down thriller with a lot of surprise boxes and scavenger hunts for final answers.  In the end...you're still puzzled as to what other answers could be rummaged up.<br />A very creatively thought out drama...Now, let's see the movie (especially since I hear that HUGH JACKMAN will have a key role--I hope he is playing the lead.)!
B000084T18|1.0|...and I'm glad I didn't buy it.  Get 2pac, Biggie, Nas, Three 6 Mafia, or Snoop Dogg instead.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Loved this show since the beginning and it was the only tv show where I was tryly devistated to see it go. I watch these DVD's as often as I can manage.
B00008CLOA|5.0|dsotm along with the wall and wish you were here was a triad of one of the highest selling and brilliant albums of all time songs like money,brain damage and great gig in the sky have withstood time well.highly recommended.
B000031WD8|1.0|Ok, here's the plot:some douchebags make a pact to get laid. Wow, great plot, I'd love to see a movie like that...not. Then at the end when they get laid, it just shows sex scenes. Wow, real funny, teenagers having sex. If I wanted to see people have sex, I'd watch a damn porno. The movie isn't that funny. There's some funny parts, but the movie's still retarded. I hope there's an American Pie movie where Jason Bigg's character gets in a divorce and committs suicide, while his wife becomes a crack whore. That'll show people how much life really sucks. I just wasted $15 on this piece of crap, and now I can't get it back. I hate this movie and Jason Biggs.
B000006TRV|5.0|the wall was their second best album after the dark side of the moon and was so good that it sold over 22 million copies all over the world on the strengths of songs like comfortably numb,run like hell and another brick in the wall.a must buy for all rock fans
B0002858YS|4.0|The Killers have put forth as solid an all around effort as I've heard this year.  One of the things that sets this record apart from some of the other indie and lo-fi rock that has peppered college and mass airwaves is that this album rings genuine.  There seems to be none of the \\"too cool for school\\" pretention of The Strokes and it leaves the record sounding strong and best of all believable.  <br />Though it may seem irrational to rate an album on its openning 30 seconds, it is nonetheless telling.  The echoing ring of helicoptor blades of course singal an arrival but it isn't until a driving \\"Walkman-like\\" guitar riff is laid with a huge drum fill and a catchy guitar hook that one realizes exactly what kind of arrival The Killers are making.  This is a fantastic debut from start to finish.  Genuine, inspired, and at times entirely epic.  This is the kind of record that makes you want to a find a car and drive it as fast as you can until you run out of gas and then get out and start running until you pass out.<br />Though at times they betray too clearly their homage to bands like New Order and in the second half the record loses some of the steam it builds in the first 4 tracks it is all around a fantastic effort.  The Killers have without question arrived and with a sincere, rich rock album, look to be here for a while.
B0000DJZA5|5.0|This album really captures the essential sound of The Beatles at that stage of their career. Many have dismissed this release as not adding anything but I disagree. The performances are much more energized. Listen to the wonderfully energetic &quot;Don't Let Me Down&quot;. This version surpasses the version that was released as a single.<br />And listen to the vocals on &quot;I've Got a Feeling.&quot; Paul hits notes so high and with such emotion that it brings to mind his vocals on &quot;Long Tall Sally&quot; and &quot;Oh Darling&quot;.<br />All told, this is a wonderful record and it's much better than the Phil Spector version.
B00018D3RI|5.0|Like many, I grew up with this show in the 70's, but since forgot how good it was, I hesitated to buy the first season on DVD, but did anyway, &amp; boy, am I glad I did!!, although some episodes I remember were not here,(probably in season 2), I was amazed at how well I liked those episodes I had not seen, of the 33 episodes, I disliked only two, but loved the rest, It was refreshing to see a show not trimmed for political correctness, Paul Michael Glaser &amp; David Soul really brought out the best in these characters, &amp; you really could identify with them as people,&amp; Captain Doby is a boss you just can't help but like, &amp; how he backs his men in the face of adversity is what makes him likable, although the show screams 70's, it is a nice to see a good quality show that grabs you &amp; keeps you interested, not one time did I get bored, like I do with today's imitation shows, it took me awhile to get through season 1, but I can't wait for season 2!!
B000005JA8|5.0|Unlistenable? Why?<BR>Ok, I must admit that the production is sometimes crappy, and the guitars sometimes blatant, but they did a great work.<br />About the listening: it depends on your style, and primarly on<BR>your receptivity (at this point I'am RIGHT, you must admit).<BR>Hey man! the whole album and the songs have got a definite structure, and I CAN follow the structure (It was hard at the first time, but after a repeated listenings I could.)<BR>The STRUCTURE is the enthralling thing for me. The bass lines, the inventing drums &amp; incredible percussions, the interfluent guitar schemes... yeah!<BR>The poetry is quite mad, the singing too. I LOVE IT A THOUSAND TIMES BETTER THAN THE SWEETY &amp; VACOUS &amp; DRIBBLING WANNABE SINGERS<BR>WHO DOMINATE THE 90 PERCENT OF TODAY'S RADIOS. Yes.<br />It's the most scandalous album of all time probably, and that's the reason why I like it.<br />Thanks.<br />My human gets me blues: this one sometimes thrills me! Oh, god, so energetic stuff!
B000002HJR|5.0|Being a HUGE Corrosion of Conformity and Pantera fan, this band was like A FANTASY.  At first, I felt betrayed by Phil and Pepper, leaving their respective seats of glory for another band... but now that I have heard this, I AM AWESTRUCK.  I think this may be the best METAL SUPERGROUP to emerge.  Hard driving and deep in the groove, this music will have you banging your head and shaking your ass.  It's hard to stop.  Phil Anselmo sings like the gutteral metal monster he is, but with more soul than you'll ever hear on a Pantera CD.  Pepper and Kirk kick ass with the guitar grooves and Jimmy Bower, who I have come to consider the best drummer in Rock, kicks butt and keeps the groove coming.  This is hard core but it also kicks ass.  You won't stay in your seat... I promise you!  Best metal CD so far this year or last or next!!!!!
1594200106|5.0|A treasure of a novel that hopefully more and more readers will come across. One cannot help but be transported back in time and to a place(Barcelona) that is overflowing with sadness, intrigue, and romance among other things. The book is filled with lively characters who are developed nicely. The trip the reader takes is one that fortunately never truly ends - even after the last page is read, one still pictures future journeys and mysteries the beloved Daniel partakes in. I have not been so immersed in a story in many years, and rank this as undeniably one of my all time favorite fictional works.
B0000VAFO0|3.0|Underworld is a hit-and-miss affair. For the kind of audience likely to be interested in a vamps vs. werewolves gorefest, one of the big pluses is Kate Beckinsale in skintight leather. Hell, that's a plus for any movie. The plot is not as incoherent as some of the genre; in fact, it's pretty standard stuff. An ancient war has raged between vamps and wolfboys (there are apparently no were-women), with roots going back centuries. Both vamps and wolves have apparently shed their unorganized and high-profile terrorizing and human-eating in favor of secret and well-funded organizations hidden from human view, complete with high-tech weapons and scientific research labs. In this pic, the lovely and smoothly efficient werewolf-killing vampire Selene (Kate B.) stumbles across a plot by werewolves to capture a human for purposes unknown. She tracks him down, saves him from werewolves, is saved in turn by him, and falls for him even after learning that he is soon to become a werewolf--a liaison strictly forbidden by the vampire code (and probably John Ashcroft's). Secret plots and ancient betrayals are revealed, Celine's vampire 'coven' is revealed to be led by a power-hungry traitor, and she awakens the dormant master vampire to help deal with the situation--with unintended but hardly surprising consequences. So far so good--you weren't expecting Bergman-esque psychological depth, were you?<br />So much for the outline--I yawned just writing it. What makes or breaks a picture like this is its ability to draw you in and excite you, and Underworld fails, but not by too much. Kate Beckinsale is pretty and intense, but hardly menacing, and not really even sexy. One of the main problems throughout is the vampires' lack of cool. In good vampire movies and books, such as the Anne Rice examples, vampires are enthralling because of the nightmarish contrast between their godlike powers and their savage bestialty. Those vampires both glory in and are damned by their immortality and powers; they are giants among ants yet forever doomed to exist apart from the real world. They cannot change or grow, and all their power is undercut by their need to kill eternally and live in darkness. Such vampires can fly, mezmerize people, turns into mists, scale walls, disappear into shadows, and survive anything but the sun, stakes, and beheading.<br />The vampires in Underworld are unfortunately more like those on Buffy the Vampire Slayer--minus the leering. Their mansion is decorated in the standard red-velvet-and-burled-walnut, and they seem to spend a lot of time sitting around in New Romantic fluffy shirts and leather bodices drinking a red liquid from crystal goblets (scary!!). Even though the 'coven' is described as decadent, there is not a single demented orgy or blood-spraying group feast; in fact no vampire in the whole movie comes close to, or even seems to feel the desire for, biting a human neck. When they fight the werewolves they use machine guns and grenades. Kate does a few standard slo-mo leaps to escape danger and such, but the action sequences are fairly humdrum, definitely not up to the standard of the Blade movies. Of course Kate is no action star, but could someone find a stunt double and throw in some CGI? In one of the climactic scenes her group of vampires clashes with some werewolves, and the scene is basically Kate standing still and shooting four wolves in turn. Oooh, wow. Selene, who is supposed to be an elite hunter-killer vamp, clomps through fights on platform boots and wheezes loud enough for the local rent-a-cops to hear. More dumb violatons of the vampire standard: in one scene a vampire admires herself in a mirror--a mirror!!--and then in what is probably the worst example, Kate is 'saved' from death by being dragged out of a submerged car. Umm, I didn't know drowning was a way to kill vampires....<br />Vampires, when presented properly, are very cool and menacing (I've never been at all interested in werewolves, but that's just me), but Underworld instead mostly gives us some dandies running around with guns. It's not unwatchable, but the payoff is not nearly as good as the setup, because it misses so many obvious opportunities to be better.me), but Underworld instead mostly gives us some dandies running around with guns. It's not unwatchable, but the payoff is not nearly as good as the setup, because it misses so many obvious opportunities to be better.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Here was a series that was smart, funny, clever, insightful, and beautifully shot. I still can't believe that it was cancelled. However, because of the thousands of fans that have risen up to support it, the great studio Universal has green lit the movie and they are shooting right now, for a release date of April 22, 2005. <BR>Buy the DVD series, you will be hooked by the third episode, if not the first.<BR>Enjoy.
B00004TDTO|4.0|I remember being very young and seeing this movie when it first came out, and being afraid to go in the water for awhile. I recently purchased this movie and watched it for the first time in years just to see if Speilberg's movie still had as intense effect on the screen as it did almost 30 years ago. The answer is: definitely. <br />This was the first in the line of &quot;blockbuster&quot; movies, and, unlike many that flop today, this is a movie that has stood the test of time. The story of a Long Island town that is terrorized by an enormous great white shark is done with great direction.It is a simple story really, but the action and acting are not overdone, and even for it's time, the movie is still has great quality.  There is not too much of the mystery surrounding the shark given away in the first half of the movie, and this creates a good build up of tension and suspense that this genre of movie needs. <br />The camera angles that are created add to the overall quality of the film. For instance, while Brody is on the boat we first get a glimpse of the sea from an overhead angle, and then a glimpse of the boat underneath. The suspense comes in waiting for the great white. Jaws is still a classic, and the kind of movie that you think about when you go to the beach and take your first step into the water.
B0002234LS|4.0|We just bought the Dvd. We did not see the novie at the theater, it was out of the theaters before I was able to see it. I could not wait for the Dvd. I am an avid fan of Johnny Depp.  The movie I thought was good.  Johnny I think is great in every thing and this movie is no exception. The ending was a surprise to me. It was a total surprise to me and very shocking. If you are a Johnny Depp fan you will want to see this movie. He adds his own unique personal touch to his role. The movie would not be same without him. If you like surprise endings you will like this movie.
B00007LTIL|5.0|This was the first Dead cd I bought and I loved it right away. Classics like Truckin, Candyman, and the great overlooked song, Operator, and the live songs are awesome to listen to. Any fan of classic rock should own this.
B0002234LS|4.0|We just bought the Dvd. We did not see the novie at the theater, it was out of the theaters before I was able to see it. I could not wait for the Dvd. I am an avid fan of Johnny Depp.  The movie I thought was good.  Johnny I think is great in every thing and this movie is no exception. The ending was a surprise to me. It was a total surprise to me and very shocking. If you are a Johnny Depp fan you will want to see this movie. He adds his own unique personal touch to his role. The movie would not be same without him. If you like surprise endings you will like this movie.
B000002MZ6|5.0|What to say...Well, it is a long instrumental broken up into different sections. That does not help. Hmmm...Well, if you loved Omadawn, this album is not related to it at all. Or is it? I'm not sure. All I know is that this is Mike's best work ever.<br />   If you are looking for a nice piece to listen too while, um, trying to get to sleep, this may not help too much, but it is relaxing. Heck, I listened to it every night for the past few months...weeks? Nah, months...I think. I dunno anymore...I fiannily made the transition back to Enya. <br />   If anyone calls this a new age album, argue and say some wacko online said it wasn't, but didn't give much or any proof. <br />   Man, I've said a lot and a little at the same time. Bassically, this is (third time) Mike's best album ever. But...DON'T get it from Amazon.com. You can find it cheaper elswhere. ([...] <br />   GET FIVE MILES OUT TOO!!!
B000002KJQ|3.0|There ain't nothin quite like sitting down after a long workday, pouring myself a long, tall cold one and sitting down to my Tex-Mex audio feast of ZZ Top's classic Tres Hombres album.  From the beautifully dark wah-drenched solo in Waiting For the Bus to the trippy, bongo-backed rhythm that is Shiek, the result is truly one of the finest crafted rock albums of all time.  Sadly enough, PLEASE choose carefully when making your purchase, for when this album was remastered for compact disc, the rhythmic tightness was all but lost in a sea of electronics, with the drums sounding more like a track from a Bananarama ballad than an actual 1970s Texas blues-based-playing-to-packed-beer-soaked-taverns-7-nights-a-week band.  Chalk it up under \\"It Seemed Like A Good Idea At The Time\\" on behalf of the label, but times have changed, and I know I speak for the majority of ZZ fans who agree that the 1970s era albums (or is it 1980s?  I'm still not sure!) deserve to be preserved in their original integrity and re-released with the original, bare-bones, untarnished tracks.  I'm hoping it's only a matter of time before Bill, Dusty and Frank come to their senses and make this possible, for their 1970s masterpieces deserve to be heard as they intended, as unpretentious as the music itself.
0385507755|3.0|This is a novel, 100% fiction in which NONE of the people actually exist. It was represented as fact, an incredible lie which not only misrepresents addiction treatment but the facts of Mr.Frey's sorry life.
B0000013G9|5.0|Holy smoke!!! This CD is the BEST and HOTTEST CD of TLC of Creep, Driggin' On You, Red Light Special, Waterfalls and Sumthin' Wicked This Way Comes is the HOTTEST music!!! I love I mean LOVE the Intro-lude and Intermission-lude is the HOTTEST beats!!! If you all haven't gotten this CD then grab it and play it and you will get your goose bumps UP!!! What a HOT CD I promise you all that! Dang! TLC, if you all 3 gurls ever read this: guess what? I would say I would pick CrazySexyCool is my FIRST favorite CD of y'all than Fanmail (second favorite) and than Ooooohhh On The TLC Tip (third favorite)! Love ya all! Tyson Love from Robesonia, PA
B000274THQ|4.0|Goodbye Lenin! is like a breath of fresh air -- the rare comedic farce that avoids Hollywood's addiction to formula, love story that sidesteps sentimentalism, and political commentary that isn't boring.<br />The story line is wonderfully simple: a woman lapses into a coma in the former East Germany and when she awakes, the Berlin Wall had come down and the communist state she served has been dissolved. Her family, aiming to save her from additional stress that could send her into another coma, creates a small bubble of the former East for her to live in. Sounds simple, but the best stories are often very simple on the surface ... Goodbye Lenin! proves that point once again.<br />The DVD package is just average -- a wider selection of languages, and maybe some historical information about the time frame covered by the film that could help explain some references for people unfamiliar with the former East Germany -- would have earned an extra star.
B00005YUTD|4.0|I wish I'd thought of this- it seems so obvious an idea I'm sure I would've come up w/ this eventually!  My one complaint is that Clark's daughters have lipstick on in the video!  How very disturbing.
0316286443|5.0|Kevyn Aucoin does a good job of showing women how to do everyday makeup, including highlighting and lowlighting areas to emphasize the positive and unique features of each person.  The beauty of this book though is in illustrating how makeup can be used to transform one's face for stunning and whimsical looks.  I would recommend this to someone who is familiar with makeup but would like to learn how powerful a tool it can be.
B00006LPER|5.0|The Piano Teacher is a beautifully acted, wonderfully cinematic, and deeply disturbing masterpiece. It is quite unlike any other motion picture experience I have ever had.<br />Isabelle Hubert is a brilliant actress and she absolutely shines in her role as a psychotic piano teacher who can't get what she wants, so goes out to ruin the life of others. The movie reveals this slowly and beautifully. I was impressed that there was no attempt at pop psychology or mediocre explanations that you would expect in a Hollywood melodrama with similar subject matter. The film is done in a simple, elegant, and gut-wrentching style, sure to fascinate and disturb, even if the film is hated in the end. Also worth mentioning is that Hubert's troubled but sympathetic character lives with her mother, in what has to be one of the most chilling mother/child relationships since PSYCHO.<br />This is an exceptional film, thought-provoking, powerful, and strangely moving. It is not for those who can't face the dark side of human nature. It's far from being a life affirming &quot;feel good&quot; movie; it's a movie that is difficult to watch and raises plenty of questions. If the difficult subject matter of 'Irreversible' interested you, then this is your kind of movie. I enjoyed it immensely, as uncomfortable as I was watching it, and consider it a worthwhile, rewarding experience.<br />The film has a haunting and disturbing finale, and is not always easy to digest, and therefore, it is not for all tastes. For fans of French or art-house cinema, this is definitely your cup of tea. <br />Note: Stay away from the R-rated version, which goes so far as to blur out the video images in a porn shop. <br />Grade A.
B00004RF9I|5.0|No review here.  Just some pleading.  WB has done some wonderful &quot;Special Editions&quot;, granted, that almost make up for their terrible presentations of some classics.<br />There isn't a film more ripe for the &quot;Special Edition&quot; treatment than the perfect &quot;NETWORK&quot;.  With Lumet, Dunaway and Duvall all still active, their potential contribution could make this a real treasure.<br />For godssake, &quot;SPACE JAM&quot; (!) even got this treatment, and I'm talkin' &quot;NETWORK&quot; here . . .
0790731452|5.0|This movie is so incredibly funny. Starring Jack Nicholson, Gleen Close and Pierce Brosnan, &quot;Mars Attacks&quot; is a great homage to the sci-fi movies of the 1950s and 1960s and is almost like a comedic version of the movie independence Day but with a spoof of it. In this case a band of Martians arrive on Earth but unleash mayhem and are trying to annihilate humanity and humanity must unite to save themselves from the vicious Martians. This movie is just incredibly funny and TIm Burton once again delivers another classic to his catelog. Go and buy this movie today! It's so funny!
B00000G3Q4|5.0|Evil dead it's a very entertaining movie to watch, but it really impacts to you how bloody and how too much gore does it has, anyway you can't miss this frightening movie which makes you jump out of your sit and forces you to don't sleepp.
0714843377|5.0|5 seconds holding this book is enough to make you realize you need to change. After 5 seconds.. little did you know, you'd probably already somewhere in the middle of the book.<BR>A 'bible' for all goals specially for those who work in marketing and advertising world.
0380729407|4.0|Something Wicked This Way Comes(1962).<br />Ray Bradbury, author of such renound classics as The Martian Chronicles and Farenheit 451, took a stab at the horror genre in 1962. Much like Mary Shelley(Frankenstein) and Bram Stoker(Dracula), Ray Bradbury helped in the shaping of the Horror genre, now ruled by such authors as Stephen King and Dean Koontz. Combining Horror and Classical Literature, with a plot of Greed and Deception, Bradbury created what today would be known as a Horror Classic, Something Wicked This Way Comes, and also one of the most recognizeable novels in his catalog. Bradbury was the first Horror author to use children, the most unlikely heroes, that Stephen King later used in his commercial smash IT and his short story \\"The Body\\", and lods have been used by numerous other authors and directors of popular culture. Based on a famous quote of Shakespeare, Something Wicked This Way spawned a popular movie of its own, and Modern Day Metal Artist Iced Earth even used it for the title of their popular album. In the next paragraphs, you will read just what made Something Wicked This Way Comes such a timeless classic, and one of the very few classics I can stand!<br />Plot-<br />During the time before Halloween, in the cold Autumn of October, a Train seemingly spawned out of hell comes into town, a dark omen of the days ahead. As a calliope crackles mysterious doomy tunes, Cooger & Dark's Pandemonium Shadow Show, a carnival of sorts, unloads their dark materials, tents, animals, and sideshow freaks of equal gruesomeness. Jim Nightshade and Will Holloway, two young curious 12 Year old boys, seemingly are the only ones to hear the hellish calliope(FYI, an organ) music at Three in the Morning, so they set out to see where all the noise is coming from. Soon they find out, and flee back to their homes to await the coming storm. The next day, The Carnival is out in full force, and most of the entire town is there, to view such rides and shows as A Mirror Maze, a Ferris Wheel, seeing Skeleton Men, Dwarfs, Fortune Tellers, Mr. Electro, and Mr. Dark, the Amazing Illustrated Man. Their is also a Merry-Go-Round, but it is strangely Out of Order. After the crowd leaves and the carnival shuts down, the crowds subsided totally and all is quiet, Jim and Will stay behind, hiding, waiting to learn the mystery of the carnival. Soon they are thrusted into a world where their wildest dreams are imaginable, and their worst nightmares are staring them right in the face, and they are the only ones who can subside the Growing Storm...<br />Writing-<br />Since this is my first Ray Bradbury novel I've read(And probably not the last), I won't compare Something Wicked This Way Comes to his other works, but instead rate his writings as my observations as a reader. The most memorable part of Bradbury's writing, is his descriptive writing, which, even such a simple act as running, Bradbury lets you Feel, Hear, See, Taste, and almost makes you think you can reach out and touch what isn't there. Although many times his descriptions run-on for too long, other times he hits the right notes in the right amount of space, and his genuine talent for writing and descriptions bring the story and the characters alive. Something Wicked This Way comes, along with Stoker's Dracular, is one of the few classics I can stand, because too much emphasis in other classics is placed on descriptions rather than plot, but Bradbury's plot is deftly place Center-Stage here, and the Reader never feels bored or let down. Many times his ideas may seem unreasonable, but against the other material it doesn't take too much away from the book to me.<br />Overall, Something Wicked This Way Comes left a strong impression on me for Bradbury, and this won't be the last book I read by him. If you noticed the 4 star rating, it's mostly because of the things that plague classics so much for me. Overlong descriptions. I must emphasize though Bradbury isn't nearly as inconsistent as manyauthors, so this is just minor. Also some of his plot ideas seem odd and leave the reader thinking \\"Huh?\\", but most of the time the plot is easy to follow.<br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! A GREAT HORROR AND CLASSIC NOVEL NOT TO BE MISSED BY ANYONE! BRADBURY MAKES THE CARNIVAL SEEM MORE EVIL THAN IT DOES IN REAL LIFE!<br />(...)thors, so this is just minor. Also some of his plot ideas seem odd and leave the reader thinking \\"Huh?\\", but most of the time the plot is easy to follow. <br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! A GREAT HORROR AND CLASSIC NOVEL NOT TO BE MISSED BY ANYONE! BRADBURY MAKES THE CARNIVAL SEEM MORE EVIL THAN IT DOES IN REAL LIFE! <br />(...)
B00001QEE7|3.0|There was once a time in Disney History when the term &quot;That movie underwater&quot;  didn't bring to mind a forgetfull blue tang, but rather a Jamacian Crustacian bellowing &quot;Unda' Da' Sea!&quot;. <br />Now many people will argue that this is infact a Disney Classic, while others will argue it was just a mediocre effort. I however, am not sure where I stand on this film.<br />The Little Mermaid, the film that ended Disneys 80's menu, and as also one of the last to be based on a classic tale,  is about a little mermaid, (Obviously) who, against her father King Tritents warnings,  frequently goes above water, collecting human things (forks, mirrors, pipes etc.)  She soon &quot;Meets&quot; a Prince, and falls in love, also against her fathers wishes.  Add in a villian, and some funny side characters and you've got &quot;The Little Mermaid&quot;.<br />This film dosen't do it for me, sadly.  Because I've rarely watched it as a child, it has no nostalgia value,  the back-bone for why I watch and love Disney Films.  The animation is so-so, and the story isn't very strong.  I sugest you rent this movie if you haven't already seen it, and then decide for yourself if you really want.
0316776963|4.0|I saw Sedaris speak once at a college auditorium in my hometown.  A hilarious afternoon of storytelling, for sure.  Afterwards, he signed books.  I bought a copy of &quot;Me Talk Pretty&quot; at the merchandise counter and got in line.  When I finally stood face-to-face with the author, he asked me my name. He signed something in my book and I walked on.  When I got outside, I opened the cover and read: &quot;To Jeff, with a $incere feeling&quot;.  Awesome.  Few writers can deliver prose that packs lol humor and biting drama.  If you haven't read Sedaris, do so at once.  If you have but haven't read &quot;Me Talk Pretty&quot; (his Parisian storybook), be sure to add it to your collection.<br />Also, if you dig Sedaris, there's a new writer you should check out: Greg Ippolito.  His new novel, &quot;Zero Station,&quot; is absolutely terrific, and an excerpt is available for FREE.  He's still a relative unknown (a friend turned me onto his work)...but this is a must-read.  You can check him out and read the excerpt at: [...]  Don't miss it!
B0001NBMBC|5.0|This album is a true achievment .... its funny how people can be so picky ... i had to laugh at the reviewer who stated that acoustic songs and solo's were a bad point... slipknot have evolved from run of the mill generic ... to trend setting ... there songs now have great structure are progressive melodical .. and the solo's are of hight quality ... especially the guitar work ... they are a cut above the rest when it comes to musicianship these days compared to crap like killswitch and nickleback and limp bizkit ... i tell you what... if this is the future of alt/metal or whatever the hell they call it ... the future is very bright indeed .... so to all the narrow minded ppl who get offended by musical prowess and creativity stay away from this ... its a total and utter achievment ... solo's acoustic songs... melodies and all .... a must buy !!!!
B0000CGV00|5.0|Beethoven is the essential figure of my music world and I aproach each disc with his music very critically. And this one came as a surprise. I must admit that I stopped believing that Beethoven will be played as he used to be by the great pianists of the last century (Backhaus, Schnabel, Arrau to name a few). But Helene does a very fine job. The &quot;Tempest&quot; sounds and feels as right as you might expect. The tempi, the intonation, the understanding of the music are all in place producing a very convincing rendition of this sonata. I couldn't help notice a very intelligent and eloquent left hand. As another reviewer said there are some very fine versions availabe but this one will tell you as much about it. Helene produces a very beutiful sound and a very deeply musical experience in a true Beethovenian spirit.<br />Same goes for the &quot;Fantasia&quot;. Salonen leads a complelling orchestral performance and the work comes out in a fine shape, finer than most and surely doing as much as this composition (not quite the most &quot;refined&quot; of Beethoven's) allows in terms of music.<br />I can't say much about the other two pieces as is the first time I try to listen to them but the Beethoven on this disc surely makes him worthy of all the attention. I must say that I will definitely look forward to other recordings of Beethoven's piano solo work by what seems to be a very profound and expressive pianist.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|Like a lot of others who bought this album, I have never been a Britney fan until this one. And I think the major reason is her old albums were just filled with boring, unimpressive bubblegum pop. But this new one has a bunch of different styles that make it impossible to be bored while listening. It has dance pop and catchy R&B that makes you ready to dance- add to the mix \\"Everytime\\", Britney's most beautiful and heartfelt ballad ever, and you have a great album. <br />1. Me Against the Music- A fun collaboration with Madonna that just screams to be played in dance clubs. Catchy and has a great title. 5/5<br />2.(I Got That) Boom Boom- This is a very cool and fun hip-hop song with a GREAT chorus; I can't get it out of my head.However, the Ying-Yang Twins's rapping kinda drags the song down. 4/5<br />3. Showdown- The verses are rather slow-moving, but the VERY catchy chorus and irresistible hook more than makes up for it. 5/5<br />4.Breathe on Me- The first standout on the album, it's a great dance pop-techno song. Good chorus;cool song. 5/5<br />5. Early Mornin'- At first I didn't like this song, but I've learned to appreciate the mellow dance groove it contains.Pretty nice chorus,too;relaxing. 4/5<br />6. Toxic- Britney's second single, everybody knows this song. Almost everybody likes it,too-even the fiercest of Britney haters.It's disgustingly catchy and will get stuck in your head for days. Overplayed, but good. 4/5<br />7.Outrageous- Pretty good song with R.Kelly. He scares me, but it's an ok song with a pretty good chorus.Britney seems to be making fun of herself in this song-with lines like,\\"Outrageous-my sex drive;Outrageous-my shopping spree.\\" Oh..poor Britney. 4/5<br />8. Touch of my Hand-THe lyrics are scary (it's about masturbation) but it's a fun dance pop song, similar to Breathe on Me. LOve the chorus. 5/5<br />9. The Hook Up- A fun R&B song with a Jamaican groove and it sounds like something Sean Paul would do, but it's not. Cool and fun to dance to; the lyrics in the chorus are funny. 5/5<br />10. Shadow- A great power ballad. Catchy yet sincere. 5/5<br />11. Brave New Girl- The first song to be rather bubblegum pop but with dance/techno music backing it up, complete with synthesized vocals in the bridge.EXTREMELY CATCHY CHORUS with rap vocals that are kind of stupid, but it doesn't hurt the song. 5/5<br />12. Everytime- I LOVE this song! The most hearbreaking, beautiful ballad possibly ever written!! My personal favorite song on the album; I never get tired of it. 5/5<br />13. MATM (Rishi Rich's Desi Kulcha REmix)- Different, but I think it's better than the original. Faster and more fun to dance to. 5/5<br />WEll, I hope that helps you out. It's a lot better than any of Briney's previous albums and even if you don't like her, give IN THE ZONE a chance. You just might be pleasantly surprised.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Loved the series and now its even better in the right order(the way its supposed to be seen). Plus the 3 unaired episodes and extras are great.
B000060P79|1.0|Is this worse than emo? YES! Emo is kinds good sometimes! Better than Pop-Punk? It is pop-punk and it SUCKS!!!!!! Wanna hear some geek whine about his dad wanting him to make something of himself in his 'life'? Listen to this! I'm sure you've all heard that Perfect Garbage! But gee! His dad sure was hard on him! I mean, come on...he wants him to get a job, be responsible and have a life! How cruel of him! If my father did this I would sook as well! (not quite)!.<br />I find more seriousness in the lyrics of comedian Weird Al Yankovic! This cd is so bad.....whiney, g@y,.....,.....I give up......<br />THIS IS NOT PUNK, I KNOW YOU DISAGREE AND DONT THINK THAT IT IS A VALID POINT BECAUSE 'THEY DONT CLAIM TO BE AN ANGER-RIDDEN HARDCORE PUNK BAND'!!! Yes I'm talking to you, ya dumb@ss!! Tom Servo you are an idiot, you review 'Death Metal' cds by Christians and say they are better than Cannibal Corpse and Deicide! Get a life loser! Yes, this cd does suck all you people that gave it 1 star....WE BROTHERS!!!!!!!!! Even though this hunka junk ain't worth 1 star, the paper the booklet is written on is worth less than half the value of paper normallY!!<BR>Hell, everytime I see the words 'Simple Plan' (ouch, I wrote it!) I have to clean my screen because I notice a sudden grime build-up!!<br />Yes I am a skater, I don't consider myself a Punk or Goth but I'm a god damn metalhead and I won't put up with this crap. Punk is good. Punk?<BR>Punk: Rancid, NOFX, Bad Religion, Pennywise and others..... don't listen to them....you pollute it...it's too good for you!!!!!
B00000ADG2|5.0|Words Cannot Explain How Much This Album Means To Me...<br />Lauryn, you are amazing and this album is a masterpiece!<br />Sweetest Thing is the best...
B000002OX7|5.0|After all these years, Who's Next still stands in my head as one of the greatest album of all time. This album even exceeds the extremely high expectation I have of The Who in general. The album starts off with &quot;Barbra O'Reily&quot;, an excellent experimental song which used the organ that went up and down an octave while the guitar provided the main melody. The fourth track of the album, &quot;My Wife&quot;, is by far Steve Entwistle's best song of all time. &quot;My Wife&quot; is perhaps one of the best songs of The Who, even one of the best songs of all time, providing excellent chord progression. The last track of the album, &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot;, provided more organ experimentation.
0345440900|5.0|I found this book to be wonderful. As a nurse, I thought I knew everything, but boy did I have a lot to learn about babies.  I had no clue what her behavior meant.  I fed her when she was tired, and put her to bed when she was hungry.  This book gives a very helpful guide to different behaviours and personalities of babies.  I don't think she advocated letting your baby starve.  Some babies are not really hungry and just want to suckle.  Her methods at getting baby to sleep through the night were compassionate.  She advocated staying with the baby.  Sooner or later they have to learn.  Trust me, after several months of sleepless nights and being a working parent, her advice was appreciated.  She was also non-judgemental about feeding methods.  Sure you don't have to follow her advice rigidly, every parent and baby is different, but atleast she offers a guide.  I highly recommend this book to all.
0142004235|4.0|John Steinbeck has always had a very odd style of writing; he tells the reader the theme of the next section before the section. This style of writing can often be aggravating, especially because I personally would like to discover the theme alongside the characters, not before they do. In addition, Steinbeck goes through the whole family lineage of the Trask's etc. before starting the actual narration. I can see why Steinbeck would want to set the scene of the book by going through the family lineages, but the extent that Steinbeck did this was slightly to much. But after getting through the family lineage, the reader is totally immersed into the story of Adam Trask, and his struggles while living in Salinas Valley, especially of his wife, Catherine. Though there are many flaws in the book, Catharine is one of the best characters in literature of all time.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|For various reasons relating to my own slackness I failed to catch Firefly when it was aired on Sky over here, however when I saw the DVD box set in stores I found myself intrigued. I have been a fan of Joss Whedon's previous shows for the combination of great writing, interesting characters, exciting situations, intelligent humour and all those other little qualities that make something a Joss show, so I decided to buy it purely on his reputation. To paraphrase Niska from the second episode, &quot;and now Joss' reputation for me is fact, is solid.&quot; Everything that I loved about Buffy and Angel is in this show and more, it sets up a number of interesting story arcs, revealing little glimpses into the secrets and historys of the characters making me yearn for more. The girls are gorgeous, I worked that out myself, and I have it on good authority that the menfolk are just as pleasing to those that like them. Knowing that the show was cancelled was pretty depressing when I finished watching my way through all of the episodes, but I have since learned that Universal have pumped a significant budget into bringing our crew to the big screen in the movie version Serenity due out in April 2005, so the heartbreak of the show being incomplete is countered by this news. Hurrah. Anways, back to the main point of my review, if you like Joss' work, buy it. If you like sci-fi, buy it. If you like comedy, buy it. If you like action, buy it. If you like well written intelligent television, buy it. If you like involving stories with character progression happening consistently across episodes rather than same-old-same-old monster/villian/emergency of the week format, buy it. If you wanna know why I never kiss them on the mouth, buy it. If you like GOOD tv, buy it. Erm... did I get my point across?
B000089RVX|5.0|I love this CD!  I never get tired of listening to it.  This girl has the best set of pipes I've ever heard.  It's so powerful!!!
B00005R2IS|5.0|Come on people... If you liked the Lethal Weapon Series, you will enjoy the Mad Max Series. Remember that this film had almost no budget or high profile actors(at the time), so the point is what a great film to launch a career with. Gibson rode the tail of these movies to being one of the most sought- after action stars of the era and used it to become a force in hollywood by making films he wanted and his way with few compromises. Watch and enjoy a great actor come into his own.
B0001Z53AQ|2.0|this is definitely not even close to a must buy if you want <BR>their true potential go cop Devil's Night this album is garbage<BR>compared to that they switched up their style and they came up<BR>whack the only good songs on here are &quot;How Come&quot;, American Pyscho &amp; &quot;Git Up&quot; everything else especially &quot;My Band&quot; is horrible literally.....<br />this gets 2 stars because the songs I mentioned held it up<BR>&amp; some of the beats are pretty good
0060589272|5.0|A truely deep book about love, sex and life and its crossroads. It explores various aspects of the inner self through the life of a 22 year old prostitute (not an 11 year old as one stupid reviewer wrote!) determined to make her dreams come true.<BR>It is controversial but anything that tells 'hidden truths' is labelled \\"controversial\\". Yes it does have descriptive sexual scenes of all sorts but they are not unnecessarily used, and are fundamental to the meaning of the book.<BR>Many seem to have misunderstood the nature of the book as \\"pornographic\\" which it is so far from! <BR>It is an enjoyable book for those who are open minded and enjoy learning about other peoples views on love and life.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|In the first Matrix movie though I enjoyed the movie very much, I could not grab the concept of it, atleats not until I saw reloaded. Reloaded helped me to understand the history and the plot of the movie alot more by explaining in detail where and how Neo got his powers and why Morpheus believe that Neo is the One. Not to mention the action in this movie was superb. The whole Matrix Trilogy was exttraordinary to a point where it made you question reality itself like what is the real definition of what is real. It may you say to your self what if this movie is not that far from the truth, what if our minds really did digitially create this world of luxury for us to live in, this illusion, but in the real world is nothing more than a nightmarish wasteland that we created due to years of conflict, pollution, corruption, and ignorance. A world created to control the minds of the inferior by the superior to get them to believe what they believe, hmh definitely sounds familiar. But this movie has plenty of action, enigmatic question and a whole bible of philosophy that will make Socrates, Plato, and Aristotle question there way of logic and thinking. In my opinion Reloaded was the best out of the Trilogy. Definitely a must own.
B00005JMCW|4.0|I've always been surprised by the praise this film got so I decided to see it for myself.  Man was I blown away!  This is one heck of a funny film.  Jamie Lee Curtis and Lindsay Lohan are sensational!  Each one does an incredible job of imitating each other once they switch bodies.  The plot and script are so tight that it gives Jamie Lee Curtis and Lindsay Lohan freedom to fully explore and enjoy their characters and believe me it shows on screen!<br />Sure this film isn't anything more than fluff, but it's highly entertaining and never looks down on it's audience.  Here' s a film that stays honest to the story and it's premise throughout.  What a joy!<br />Highly recommended for families and anyone looking for some good laughs.
B0001BKAEY|3.0|Okay I was a little disapointed with Revolutions, I expected a little more after the first two succesful movies. This Movie has some good points and some bad points. First the Good, I like how Revolution ended with the Climatic final Battle between Neo and Agent Smith that was definitely one to remember and how that fight ended definitely was perfect, Also showing how Zion and the Robots finally putting and end to the war the way they did was pretty good to. Oh the Battle between the City of Zion and the Sentinnels oh yes, I loved it. Also the way the Movie started with Seraph helping Morpheus and Trinity find Neo that was tight. Now the Bad, first they did not spend alot of time in the Matrix this movie unlike the Previous two Movies, this movie had it's dull points, not enough Martial Arts display again unlike the last two movies, no Bullet times once again unlike the first two movies. It's for these reasons why I rate Revolution three Stars.
B0001ZX0OM|5.0|In Mystic River, director Clint Eastwood has taken the themes of  pain and loss, added superb actors, and a literate script to make a memorable movie.<br /><br />Jimmy, Sean, and Dave were childhood buddies growing up in a working-class neighborhood in Boston.  One day, Dave was lured away and sexually abused by two men.  Years later, Jimmy (Penn) is an ex-con with a loving family, Sean (Bacon) is a cop with marital woes, and Dave (Robbins), forever damaged by his childhood trauma, is barely clinging to reality.  When Jimmy's daughter is murdered, Sean investigates, Jimmy vows vigilante justice, and Dave is a prime suspect.<br /><br />The lead actors are outstanding here.  Penn is utterly convincing as the former thug and grieving father.  Robbins displays his acting chops in the performance of a lifetime, showing a fragile man dealing with such pain that he can no longer function rationally.  The two men certainly deserved their Oscars.<br /><br />This is a movie that will pull at your heartstrings while keeping you guessing who the killer is.  There are, thankfully, no graphic scenes of child abuse or the girl's death, yet you will be on the edge of your seat much of the time.  This is an outstanding film.
B00004YRQA|4.0|This Memory card is Very reliable for keeping information, unlike the other crappy memory cards out there. I think it is absolutely great, but for a high price, however....<br />The price is insane. Amazon's prices are very reasonable compared to any others. Most of the Stores in my location sell these badboys for 25-30 dollars, even more than a controller costs! Some really nice stores will give you a more-than-reasonable price, such as movie gallery, which will sell for about 5-10 dollars.<br />I have never been a Sports game fan, so I have never had problems with my memory card being full. most of the games I own take up about 15 Bytes, which is, of course, very good. Sports games, however, take up most of the memory card, causing more thinning of your wallet to buy even more memory cards for insane prices. my friend has quite a few madden games, thus he has about 5 or 6 memory cards, costing him about the same price as his playstation 2!<br />These memory cards are perfect, I love them, but the price is just not right. they hold a very fair amount of space, but sport games overdo it.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Fred Durst must be a real bada$$, 'cause he screams about wanting to chainsaw people for no reason, or like he says it &quot;You don't really know why, but you wanna justify RIPPIN SOMEONE'S HEAD OFF!!!&quot;  Give me a break, people!!!  Is this really the kind of music that kids play to warn other kids &quot;hey man, don't mess with me!  I'll kick your ass, 'cause I'm an angry motherf*cker!!&quot;?  Honestly, my scrawny 12 year old sister, at a whopping 4'8 or so, could beat up these kids, becuse they need noise like this to project the image that they are tough.  That's why I hate bands like this; they don't give a mouse fart about making real music.  Rather, Limp Shiznit is only concerned about their image and how their fans percieve them.  Screaming is totally permissable in rock and its various forms; hell, most of what I listen to contains a great deal of it.  However, when you are overly blunt about it and are more concerned with your &quot;gear&quot; than the quality of music that you produce, then you are an image freak.  Limp Bizkit, as well as Linkin Park, need to follow in the footsteps of Kurt Cobain and just end it all.  Kurt Cobain and Nirvana rightfully earned every bit of popularity that came their way, but didn't want any of it.  LB and LP want all this hype and popularity, but don't deserve an ounce of it.
0618526412|5.0|Not sure what the other reviewers read, But, I found THE HEART IS A LONELY HUNTER to be an exquisitly written novel. It is classy, brilliantly written and holds your attention. So I personally thing Ms. Winfrey did well in selecting this book for us to read.<BR>There are a few others that the reading audience should be aware of as well, those are-Father Joe,A Child Called It, Nightmares Echo and The Color Purple.
B00005B36H|4.0|It's hard to put into words the kind of experience you feel when you listen to the poetic, murkey, and sometimes downright depressing music that Tool produces.  They are unlike any band that has ever been formed, and they are among the most talented bands out there today.  Tool's music has the potency and muscle to grab a listen and plummet him or her into a world that he/she sometimes would rather not be in.  Though Tool is quite unforgiving to unsuspecting listeners, they do more than just appeal to your ears, but to all your senses.  That having been said, it doesn't seem as though Tool always exploits this magic on their latest album, Lateralus.  That's not to say that they don't ever do so (infact, they usually do), but they showed that, with their previous album, Aenima, they were able to produce a solid 70 or so minutes of listening.  Sure there were fillers on that CD, and it was not perfect by any means, but the actual songs made the filler tracks seem nonexistent, thus producing their most solid listen of their four albums.  Here, they produce their best tracks, but also their worst tracks, which makes the album as a whole difficult to listen to at times.  It seems as though Keenan's side project, A Perfect Circle, has influenced Tool's music too much.  Not that APC was lousy by any means, but The Thirteenth Step (APC's last album) sometimes got overly absorbed in creating an aura that promised to really take the listener somewhere, yet never did.  Tool does that here as well on occassion.  I will examine each track to attempt to show you what I mean.<br />The Grudge (10/10) - This is Tool's best song on so many levels.  Their use of riffs, varying time signatures, drum solos, and melody make this song really come alive.  I get chills from this song everytime I hear it; it's songs like these that remind me of Tool's incredible might as a band.<br />Eon Blue Apocalypse (No rating) - A filler track, but it does lead nicely into The Patient.<br />The Patient(9.5/10) - This song can get slightly repetitive (especially in the middle section); however, this is very minor, and the ending is bone-chilling.  An overall strong song.<br />The Mantra (No rating) - Filler<br />Schism (5/10) - Not a good choice for a single.  The bass line is played a ridiculous amount of times throughout the song with little variation.  The varying time signatures and Keenan's soothing voice (and poetic lyrics) make this still a decent song.<br />Parabol (6/10) - This would have been a nice and smooth transition into Parabola if it didn't take so long to get there.  There was no need for this tune to be as long as it is, but the last 30 seconds or so really drive you into Parabola very effectively.<br />Parabola (9.5/10) - Another steller song, for the most part.  Tool's use of power right at the beginning, and refusal to let up that power for most of the song, reminds me yet again of Tool's capabilities.  Still not as daring as The Grudge, but very close.<br />Ticks and Leeches (7/10) - Keenan's vocals absolutely ruin this song; what was he thinking screaming in such an untolerable tone of voice?  However, the moments where he is not screeching, the band does a superb job (especially Danney Carrey on drums).<br />Lateralis (10/10) - This is an example of Tool using progression correctly.  While it does take awhile for them to build to full power, each measure leading up to that moment adds a layer that make you want to listen to every second.  Still not as strong as The Grudge, but superb nonetheless.<br />Disposition (3.5/10) - This is Tool's worst song, and is a classic example of them trying to be overly atmospheric, which ends up boring the listener to tears.<br />Reflection (5/10) - This is an example of Tool incorrectly using progression.  Unlike Lateralis, which added layers and built up to a pen ultimate moment, the listener is abandoned on a floating cloud until Keenan comes in (he does a superb job with the vocals here, however).  Also, there is a nice guitar solo in the later half of this song (not complicated, but effective).  The lack of risk, however, make this song not worth listening to.<br />Triad (9/10) - Many various musical colors and phrases make Triad a very solid listen.  Another example of Tool using progression correctly.  Even with a lack of lyrics, this is a strong song.<br />Faaip De Oiad - (2/2) - Hard for me to really rate this song; yet, hard for me to consider it filler and not rate it at all. It is a phone call to some talk show discussing the secrets behind Area 51; serving as a symbolic gesture from Tool to never take anything for granted, as horror and misery could just be around the corner.  It ends the album, which is all you can ask from a song like this.<br />Overall: (76.5/102) = 3.5 stars
B0001NBMBC|1.0|this cd is by far the worst slipknot cd ever. NOTHING compares to their first 2 cds. Come on now acoustic tracks and Solos!!!. Dont get me wrong now i love slipknot but i am very dissapointed with this cd. If you want to hear some real metal pick up Lamb Of God or the new Killswitch Engage cd. Now they are both true metal bands that can create good quality music by sticking to their guns. This is just my opinion and i felt i needed to say that this cd is crap.
B00005JM0B|1.0|I gave this movie 1 star because 0 wasn't an option.  This movie should have been awesome.  I don't care how great the special effects are.  If the story is bad... it's a bad movie.  These guys messed with a classic series that should have been handled with much more thought and care.  Those who have said that it made T2 pointless are absolutely right.  I could have cried when the Matrix sequels turned out to be so lousy.  The new Star Wars movies had the same effect on me.  Now Terminator.  I think I may be done with sequels.  Let these great films go out in a blaze of glory instead of beating them to death.
B0000AQS0F|3.0|Damn you Fox for cancelling this cool show! Shame on you for also cancelling John Doe! Please release John Doe on DVD ASAP!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|holy catalyzers batman! this is the best series ever to hit the air waves.  haven't seen this dvd set?....what's wrong with you?! seriously, superb acting and awsome action. go and buy it now!!!
B000021XS0|5.0|I got into Dream Theater around 6 months ago and I have to admit I had never heard such musical talent in a rock band until I discovered DT. The first Dream Theater CD I listened to was 'Images and Words', which is also excellent. Then after reading some reviews (I even read the 4-star review from AMG - which IMHO doesn't really describe the greatness of this CD), I decided to purchase 'Scenes From A Memory.' When I first listened to this album I was blown away specially by two songs: 'Fatal Tragedy' and 'Beyond This Life'.<BR>Then after listening to it for a couple more times I started to grasp the whole picture behind such wonderful music in the entire CD. I admit almost every time I listen to this CD I notice tears in my eyes. The reason is the raw emotion that comes out of this CD. I would say it's the combination of the tragic love story and music that is meant to touch on different emotions. This is not black and white rock. This is a colorful rainbow of notes, chords, words, feelings. Just listen to 'The Spirit Carries On'. The message, yes, the message, and the music that accompanies it as well as La Brie's emotional vocal delivery and Petrucci's heart-wrenching solo.<BR> This is easily a tear jerker, but not a cheap one shed when watching an empty romantic story. This is a hymn to life and hope. The final song, 'Finally Free', is a perfect conclusion for the album. Emotion, emotion and more emotion... and beautiful and intelligent music. <BR>Now listen to 'The Dance of Eternity'. Who could imagine we would ever listen to rock music this advanced in harmony, rythm, complexity, and boldness? Your jaw will drop after you listen to this piece. You will wonder how the band members achieved this. But the news is: No tricks here. Just watch the DVD and you will see that these talented musicians do it not only in the studio but also live note for note and playing very tightly. I used to listen mostly to classic rock and thought good rock had died a long time ago. Iwas definitely wrong. Just buy 'Scenes from a Memory'.Then listen and live it. You will be born again.<BR>Highly recommended!!!<BR>Toledo from Miami FLorida
B00005JMEW|3.0|I've always felt a certain degree of ambivalence toward Tarantino and his films (can you separate the man from his art?). In interviews he comes across poorly, and his films, while superficially entertaining, seem to be designed to appeal to one specific viewer, himself.  However I'd heard such good things about Kill Bill that i felt obliged to see it, and I have to say I'm still somewhat underwhelmed.<br />Bits of the movie and fantastic, hilarious and beautiful - the final scenes in the snowy garden are just breathtaking, the kid bursting in on the mother's knife fight - genius.  But too much of the movie is, well, boring beyond belief.  I enjoy a gore-filled romp as much as the next person, but I also believe in suspense and antici...pation.  This movie eschews these pleasures to indulge a fantastically outrageous bloodlust, but really, as pretty as Thurman might be, to watch her spank all those henchmen to get to Lucy Liu is tedious and, after a while, merely predictable.<br />The genre changes were also interesting (&quot;Everyone steals from everyone else&quot;- Swingers), but I don't really feel they added anything, merely indulged tarantino's already inflated sense of his own brilliance.  It's not that ground breaking - James Joyce did the same thing in Ulysses almost a century ago - and it merely gives the movie a disjointed, incoherent feel that, combined with the already fractured narrative, disassociates the viewer from the on-screen action.<br />My final complaint is also somewhat structural - namely the selective application of the laws of physics. Great movie have been made in alternate realities where the laws of physics don't apply and people can fly and run up walls (Crouching Tiger, Bulletproof Monk, The Matrix), but i've never seen one before where the laws work occasionally.  They apply merrily here until the final big rumble-in-the-restaurant scene, where all of a sudden people start leaping huge distances. &quot;It's a pastiche, It's an homage&quot;...no, it's lazy and it's boring.<br />Tarantino needs to get less involves with himself and his ability and the things that he liked as a kid and get back to making genuinely artistic, ground breaking, challenging movies again.  Then perhaps he'll be worth the plaudits afforded to him......no, it's lazy and it's boring.<BR>Tarantino needs to get less involves with himself and his ability and the things that he liked as a kid and get back to making genuinely artistic, ground breaking, challenging movies again.  Then perhaps he'll be worth the plaudits afforded to him...
B000099T2L|3.0|You can divide this album into two parts. The bad half and the good half. <br />The good half includes:<br />Crazy  In Love, Signs, The Closer I Get To You, Me Myself and I, Naughty Girl, Baby Boy and Yes<br />The bad half:<br />Hip Hop Star<BR>Virgo<BR>All The Rest of the songs<br />I have to agree with the person who refered the music we have these days, they are like scabs and have no credibility. I don't think Beyonce fits under that category. I went to her concert while she was on tour with Alicia and Missy, and I enjoyed it. <br />I do believe JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE SUCKS!<br />Buy Beyonce, but if not, buy any MICHAEL JACKson albums!
B00004SZWD|5.0|This was an exciting time for me as a twelve going on thirteen year old kid when this album was released in the fall of 1976.It brings back exciting memories because my dad was just as excited as I was when he bought this double album for me at Sam's Record Shop and when we got in the car,my dad was excited and proud to buy this classic album for me because he knew how much I loved Stevie Wonder's incredible music.<br /><br />Stevie Wonder's 1976 double album 'Songs In The Key Of Life' is the zenith apex of his brilliant career.Wonder was guaranteed a 13 million dollar contact which was unprecedented at the time,and a very smart business move by Motown Chairman Berry Gordy.Of the liberties it gave Wonder,he now has the power to not work under record company pressure and release product at his own timetable.The original title of the double album was entitled,'Thank You For Letting Me Into Your Home' and was to have been released in 1975,but it failed to appear.When Wonder finally released it in October,1976 it was retitled 'Songs In The Key Of Life' and the rest is history.<br /><br />Our musical legend opens his classic double album with a warning:'Love's In Need Of Love Today'which opens with Wonder's gospel acapella voices which soothes the listener as Wonder's mild vocals sends out the message:good morn or evening friends/here's your friendly announcer/i've got serious news to pass on to everybody/what i'm about to say could mean the world's disaster/could change your joy and laughter to tears and pain...The song is an urgent cry for hate in the world to stop and let love rule and for us to just give the world love.'Have A Talk With God' is one of Wonder's most astounding songs in his spiritual catalogue.The song's heavenly message is when you are feeling bad or good,have GOD in your heart and mind.Wonder's key lyrics in the song:'well he's the only free psychiatrist that's known throughout the world/for solving the problems of all menwomenlittleboysandgirls/when you feel your life's too hard,just go have a talk with God'...The song was co-written by Stevie and his brother Calvin Hardaway.Wonder plays all instruments in the song.<br /><br />'Village Ghetto Land' which was co-written with Gary Byrd is an opera landscape of world horrors.In the song,Wonder takes us the listener on a tour of the less fortunate:the people at the bottom of our world spectrum.Stevie is the sole musician in the song which also has symphonic influences in it.However,the most disturbing depressing lyric in the song from the verse:'families buying dogfood now/starvation roams the streets/babies die before they're born/infected by the grief'...'Contusion'is a fast paced jazzfunkfusion Wonder instrumental.'Contusion'in which Wonder stated that the song was inspired by his automobile accident in 1973.He wrote the jazzfunk instrumental in the hospital while recovering from the accident.For 'Contusion' Wonder had his band Wonderlove with him on the cut.'Sir Duke'has a ragtime influence from the roaring twenties as Wonder pays tribute to jazz pioneers and plays keyboard on the track and is joined by his backing band Wonderlove.The cut ends quickly and 'I Wish' appears on at breathtaking speed.The song celebrates the joys of Wonder's youth.The cut is a swift moving groove of feel good funk(including Wonderlove)with a hot rhythm section and fiery blaring horns.Wonder's sister,Renee Hardaway provided funky background vocals alongside her legendary brother.<br /><br />'Knocks Me Off My Feet'is the first ballad on the album and Wonder reverts back to his oneman persona.A romantic ballad with the woman of his dreams.A perfect lovevisual backdrop:'I see us in the park/strolling the summer days of imaginings in my head/and words from our hearts/told only to the wind felt even without being said/but there's sumptin'bout your love/that makes me weak and knocks me off my feet'...'Pastime Paradise'is the second spiritual track alongside 'Have A Talk With God' that includes a social message as well.In the song,Wonder attacks the evils of the world and by song's end,there are solutions to the world's problems:'They keep telling of the day/when the saviour of love will come to stay/tell me who of them will come to be?/how many of them are you and me?/verification of revelations/acclamation/world salvation/vibrations/stimulation/confirmation...to the peace of the world'...For 'Pastime Paradise'Wonder brought in and arranged to have the Hare Krishna Devotees Players who did the chants,played the bells,cowbells,congas and percussion.Wonder also enlisted gospel soul by enlisting The West Angeles Church Of God Choir to provide soulful backing vocals.<br /><br />'Summer Soft'the second ballad of the album questions the mysteries of love:'Is it sun or snow for you?/but it breaks your heart in two.The track has a musical mixture of a relaxed ballad,moderate uptempo beat all in one song.'Ordinary Pain'is divided in two parts:part one is the more slower relaxed pace,while part two is the angry funk that is it's exhaustive funk conclusion.'Ordinary Pain'is a tale about a cheating lover who feels guilty about his affair when he cheated on his woman.The angered funk vocals of Shirley Brewer with powerful backing vocals provided by Minnie Riperton,Mary Lee Whitney,Deniece Williams and Wonder's ex,Syreeta Wright and angry funk from the Wonderman himself,just blows the roof off the studio!One can only imagine the furious smoke that was left in the studio from this divisive,relaxed angered funk performance as the Wonderfunk assault wouldn't let up from start to finish.<br /><br />'Isn't She Lovely'is Wonder's tribute to his first born offspring and daughter,Aisha.What many people didn't know including myself is that on the 1996 documentary 'Classic Albums:Songs In The Key Of Life'was that the crying infant baby whom we thought was Aisha was in reality a baby that Wonder knew a doctor friend found and they were able to record the birth of that child.As for the real Aisha,Stevie took home a reel to reel stellar box portable recording machine and told his lover Yolanda(the mother of Aisha)that he wanted to record sounds of Aisha in interaction between Yolanda and Stevie.The song nonetheless is a joyus celebration between baby Aisha,Yolanda and Stevie.<br /><br />The  majestic 'Joy Inside My Tears' is the album's most dramatic loveballad vocal performance and my all time favorite Wonder slowjam.(BARNONE)The track is a cool breezy Wonder classic.A very emotional bone chilling-spine tingling ballad that speaks about life as well as love:'I've always felt that tomorrow is for those who are too much afraid/to go past yesterday and start living for today/I feel that lasting moments are coming far and few between/So I should tell you of the happiness that you bring?/baby that's you-you-you made life's history/you've brought some joy inside my tears'.../Wonder's extended emotions was drained within this incredible track with Susaye Greene providing sweet out of the world dreamy background vocals.<br /><br />'Black Man'is a historical history lesson.An exhaustive long funk workout that namechecks historical luminaries such as Daniel Hale Williams,Harriet Tubman,Benjamin Banneker,Charles Drew and more.This historical history teaching funk cut is also a teacher call out and student response spectacle.'Ngiculela-Es Una Historia-I Am Singing'is a beautiful upbeat ballad of love sung in three different languages as a universal whole for people of the world to feel the many moods of music whether happy or sad-singing of love from our hearts.'If It's Magic'is a hauntingly beautiful,quiet tender butterfly ballad with Wonder's voice and harmonica enhanced by the beautiful harp playing of Dorothy Ashby.<br /><br />'As'is Stevie Wonder's ecclesiastical masterpiece of his career:A spiritual revelation of the earth,the universe,the birth of life,the transition of life into the afterworld of eternity.A complexed moderate to emotionally powerful spiritual cut that leaves the listener drained of all emotions.The most touching key paragraph of 'As' is Wonder's own forecast of the afterlife:'As today I know I'm living but tomorrow/could make me the past but that I musn't fear/For I'll know deep in my mind/The love of me I've left behind/Cause I'll be loving you always...'Another Star'is an upbeat spicy latin flavored lovefunk exhaustive number with lyrics detailing about how love can break your heart in two when a relationship ends-but it also celebrates the history of that love:'For you,love might be for you to find,but I will celebrate our love of yesterday/For you there might be another star,but in my heart your melody will stay with me'<br /><br />'Saturn'is Wonder's musical utopia rocket spaceship out of space odyssey escape from planet earth and it's crimes committed by earthlings done to humankind.Nowhere is it more evident in this track of Wonder's discontent of evil human beings committing horrendous crimes to kind human beings:'We have come here many times before/to find your strategy to peace is war/killing helpless men,women and children that don't even know what they're dying for/we can't trust you when you take a stand/with a gun and bible in your hand/and the cold expression on your face saying give us what we want or we'll destroy...Thus,this leads to Wonder's out of space fantasy travel to the ringed planet of Saturn:'I'm going back to Saturn where the rings all glow/Rainbow,moonbeams and orange snow on Saturn/people live to be two-hundred and five/going back to Saturn where the people smile/don't need cars cause we've learned to fly on Saturn-just to live to us is our natural high'<br /><br />'Ebony Eyes'is Wonder's mid tempo R&B number that is dedicated to the Black Women and Girls throughout the universe.At the beginning of the track,you could hear young Black Girls happily jumping rope reciting the alphabet.In honor of the beautiful black flower,Wonder's heart gives her the love:'She's a girl that can't be beat/born and raised on ghetto streets/she's a devastating beauty/a pretty girl with ebony eyes...<br />'All Day Sucker' is a funky R&B hardrock sex rave up about a woman who leads a man on for hot sex-as it is only a mirage as she gives him no sexual satisfaction to his dismay:'I'm an all day sucker,coming to give something to get nothin'/I'm an all day sucker,coming to give somethin' to get none of your love'...leading to an angry onslaught of repetitive 'All Day Sucker' choruses.'Easy Goin'Evening(My Mama's Call)presumably is Wonder's laid back harmonica jazz dedication to his mother,Lula Hardaway which closes the double album in a smooth jazz excursion.<br /><br />Herbie Hancock was one of many guest star musicians who played on the legendary double album stated:'I felt so proud to be part of a landmark record.I mean,there was nothing like that before.Nothing'.tellar box portable recording machine and told his lover Yolanda(the mother of Aisha)that he wanted to record sounds of Aisha in interaction between Yolanda and Stevie.The song nonetheless is a joyus celebration between baby Aisha,Yolanda and Stevie.  The  majestic 'Joy Inside My Tears' is the album's most dramatic loveballad vocal performance and my all time favorite Wonder slowjam.(BARNONE)The track is a cool breezy Wonder classic.A very emotional bone chilling-spine tingling ballad that speaks about life as well as love:'I've always felt that tomorrow is for those who are too much afraid/to go past yesterday and start living for today/I feel that lasting moments are coming far and few between/So I should tell you of the happiness that you bring?/baby that's you-you-you made life's history/you've brought some joy inside my tears'.../Wonder's extended emotions was drained within this incredible track with Susaye Greene providing sweet out of the world dreamy background vocals.  'Black Man'is a historical history lesson.An exhaustive long funk workout that namechecks historical luminaries such as Daniel Hale Williams,Harriet Tubman,Benjamin Banneker,Charles Drew and more.This historical history teaching funk cut is also a teacher call out and student response spectacle.'Ngiculela-Es Una Historia-I Am Singing'is a beautiful upbeat ballad of love sung in three different languages as a universal whole for people of the world to feel the many moods of music whether happy or sad-singing of love from our hearts.'If It's Magic'is a hauntingly beautiful,quiet tender butterfly ballad with Wonder's voice and harmonica enhanced by the beautiful harp playing of Dorothy Ashby.  'As'is Stevie Wonder's ecclesiastical masterpiece of his career:A spiritual revelation of the earth,the universe,the birth of life,the transition of life into the afterworld of eternity.A complexed moderate to emotionally powerful spiritual cut that leaves the listener drained of all emotions.The most touching key paragraph of 'As' is Wonder's own forecast of the afterlife:'As today I know I'm living but tomorrow/could make me the past but that I musn't fear/For I'll know deep in my mind/The love of me I've left behind/Cause I'll be loving you always...'Another Star'is an upbeat spicy latin flavored lovefunk exhaustive number with lyrics detailing about how love can break your heart in two when a relationship ends-but it also celebrates the history of that love:'For you,love might be for you to find,but I will celebrate our love of yesterday/For you there might be another star,but in my heart your melody will stay with me'  'Saturn'is Wonder's musical utopia rocket spaceship out of space odyssey escape from planet earth and it's crimes committed by earthlings done to humankind.Nowhere is it more evident in this track of Wonder's discontent of evil human beings committing horrendous crimes to kind human beings:'We have come here many times before/to find your strategy to peace is war/killing helpless men,women and children that don't even know what they're dying for/we can't trust you when you take a stand/with a gun and bible in your hand/and the cold expression on your face saying give us what we want or we'll destroy...Thus,this leads to Wonder's out of space fantasy travel to the ringed planet of Saturn:'I'm going back to Saturn where the rings all glow/Rainbow,moonbeams and orange snow on Saturn/people live to be two-hundred and five/going back to Saturn where the people smile/don't need cars cause we've learned to fly on Saturn-just to live to us is our natural high'  'Ebony Eyes'is Wonder's mid tempo R&B number that is dedicated to the Black Women and Girls throughout the universe.At the beginning of the track,you could hear young Black Girls happily jumping rope reciting the alphabet.In honor of the beautiful black flower,Wonder's heart gives her the love:'She's a girl that can't be beat/born and raised on ghetto streets/she's a devastating beauty/a pretty girl with ebony eyes...  'All Day Sucker' is a funky R&B hardrock sex rave up about a woman who leads a man on for hot sex-as it is only a mirage as she gives him no sexual satisfaction to his dismay:'I'm an all day sucker,coming to give something to get nothin'/I'm an all day sucker,coming to give somethin' to get none of your love'...leading to an angry onslaught of repetitive 'All Day Sucker' choruses.'Easy Goin'Evening(My Mama's Call)presumably is Wonder's laid back harmonica jazz dedication to his mother,Lula Hardaway which closes the double album in a smooth jazz excursion.  Herbie Hancock was one of many guest star musicians who played on the legendary double album stated:'I felt so proud to be part of a landmark record.I mean,there was nothing like that before.Nothing'.
0380778556|1.0|I had to read this book for school and I couldn't get through the first five chapters. They were so boring and very un-interesting. What I had to end up doing is skip a few chapters ahead and read from there. Even then though I had to force myself to read it. Not enjoyable at all.
0064430227|5.0|My 3.5 year old son adores this book and I do too.  We read it nearly every night.  Harold is an imaginative little boy who draws a world of his own.  My son is always talking right along with the book about all the wonderful things he is going to draw.  I think every child should have this book.  I can't wait 'till my son can read it for himself!
B00020HEG6|5.0|This CD is fantastic! While I was watching the movie, I knew that I had to go out and buy the soundtrack. My favorite piece is &quot;Buckbeak's Flight&quot;. Kudos to John Williams!
B000066NW0|3.0|No this album doesn't &quot;TOTALLY RAWKS!&quot; nor does it &quot;OMG SHE'S A POSER AND SHE SUXX!&quot; the album is alright.Her style is very shadowed by her image and way overproduced. Despite that, she keeps rolling with the hits in songs such as &quot;Complicated&quot; or &quot;Sk8ter Boi&quot;. And then there's nice ballads like &quot;I'm With You&quot; or &quot;Tomarrow&quot; but still leave the cringe of flaky lyrics and vapid prodcution. Her efforts are noble, but comes up short. Her bratty attitude doesn't help either. Don't get me wrong she's a good singer, not a great writer, not a good performer, but she's still young and obviously has not reached a large enough crowd to truly be considered a one-of-a kind artist. The album's first few songs are dry but catchy while the last few songs are actually pleasing. My reccomendations are, if you like the sound her you'll like the album, if you're not statisfyed with her depth or presence she touts, then pass this album up. Myself, I found it more of step of career rather than setting her on the map, where that be in the teen pop world, the adult alternative world, or the rock world, where she claims she's aiming for. If she claims that she fails. But I think avril needs to find herself, and her own, real style before mimicking another's of being &quot;cool&quot; or &quot;hip&quot;.<br />-JohnD.
B0001AVZA8|1.0|This movie was most definatly not made for the audiences under 30 years of age. My friends and I call it &quot;old people porn&quot; because old people do it with young people, then old people do it with old people, and then the old people do it with young people again. Not very appealing. The full frontal nudity of Diance Keaton was totally unnecessary. Not recommended.
B0001ENYKS|5.0|This group has brought back such a great vibe that existed before everyone got so damn critical about music. The music's got an 80's groove that makes you want to slink into a dance club, and do something naughty. The lead singer speaks with a growl, a sexy growl, that will leave you howling for more. The opening song sets the mood, starting off with a whimper, and then exploding into blissful guitar distortion. This cd has brought back fab rock, and I will admit, I am excited.
0553213105|5.0|Wonderful writing, great characterisation, and themes that aren't so outdated as you might expect. The book is difficult to plod through, but once you get used to the intricate writing and you look past the rather uninteresting plot, you'll be surprised when you really start enjoying yourself.<br />Pride and Prejudice is a classic in its own right!
B00003CXAA|5.0|This trilogy was the first dvd(s) that I bought and was the beginning of my collection. The transformation of Al Pacino's character, Michael Corleone is possibly the greatest achievement in motion picture history. He starts off as a innocent young American and eventually becomes the head of the most powerful crime organization in his country. Looking back, it was a dream cast with Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, Robert Dinero, Robert Duvall, James Caan and Diane Keaton. Godfather I and II are two of my top five favorite movies of all time, and III is no slouch.
B00005V3Z4|4.0|Never did I expect such an impressive list of names to be featured in an indie film.<br />This movie, surprisingly enough, was exquisite. I don't know what else to say - I'm still thinking about the meaning of the ending.<br />The film portrays teenage angst in a creative, yet realistic light. It's not sugar-coated. It's not a love story. It's about a teen that has some real problems.<br />At the end, you must wonder, where does reality end and the magic begin? It definitely makes you think about it far after the credits have finished.<br />I highly recommend the film.
B000003TA4|5.0|Just wanted to say a very nice cd and as I have some spare time right now,I was looking at other recommendations from other users and I noticed &quot;AFI K. JAMES&quot; continually rates Nirvana,and obsessively bashes Kurt Cobain.I just wanted to know,what's the point?However,I do agree with you about Tupac being the best rapper ever.Well,people do have opinions.Just wondering why the excessive Nirvana bashing.Once or twice,I could see...but it seems like you've rated this CD at least 10 times.
B00005JMEW|4.0|I was a bit skeptical about this film, simply because Uma Thurman was going to do a bit of martial arts in it. No longer will I be saying that - she does an excellent job with the fight scenes (and there are a lot of those) and I definitely can't wait until installment two comes out.<br />This movie leaves so much undisclosed: her name is always bleeped out, the news about her child, and who the heck Bill is. Tarantino did a great job of cliff-hanging, and leaving room for more information in movies to come.<br />The cinematography was also rather creative, in my opinion. I like how it went from black and white, to color, to animation; from English to Japanese. The language changes seem so fluid that it took me a minute to notice that another language was being spoken.<br />Kudos to 'Kill Bill.' Tarantino gives us a two-hour bloodbath, and keeps us wanting more!
B0000089GM|4.0|Whether I understand what they're saying or not,I still love their songs.
B0001AVZA8|1.0|Looking at the impressive cast made up of Jack Nicholson, Diane Keaton, Frances McDormand, Keanu Reeves, and Amanda Peet, one might think that this would be a brilliant film. In actuality, it's more of a brilliant facade.<br />First of all, the movie could have been pulled off in half the time that it was. I am not usually a person to get restless while watching movies, and after a half hour, I was thinking, 'Is it done yet?' It seemed to drag on and on and on, even though it was just barely over two hours.<br />Secondly, the plot is painfully cliche and utterly predictable. I knew what was going to happen far before it did. The ending would have been much better and much less cliche if Nicholson did not go to Paris (who does that sort of thing?!) and just got over Keaton. I don't know. It was a little too sappy for me.<br />And finally, I could have done without the weird sex scene. It didn't do it for me, and I don't enjoy see Nicholson getting it on because, frankly, he's sort of gross. I would have liked it much more if it were Keanu Reeves instead.<br />Overall, the movie was incredibly lame. Unless you enjoy predictable plot points and really long, sappy films, I wouldn't recommend it.
B000001Y5J|5.0|This cd is like art.It expresses so much rage yet it is beautiful at the same time.If you are a NIN fan,or just like the whole idea of emotion,you should definitely check this cd out.
B0001ADAVK|3.0|Please, don't try to compete with 'Dead Poet's Society,' a brilliant film that should not be compared.<br />'Mona Lisa Smile' was okay. I feel as if I am being generous in saying that. I think that the portrayal of the times was rather accurate, however, I wasn't very satisfied with the movie overall.<br />I wasn't quite sure how this teacher inspired all of the women in her class. They hated her and then all of a sudden, loved her. It seemed incongruent, and didn't make sense.<br />Furthermore, I found some plot points annoying.<br />Although I would watch it again if my mother asked me to, I would not purchase this film. Rent it instead.
B000255LIY|3.0|To be sure, the reasoning behind many of today's films defies understanding. This one is no exception.<br />Although the main stars all give adequate performances, and the screenplay is exactly the same as the original, the question remains. Why remake one of the finest films of all time? Who could have possibly thought there was room for improvement? Why not remake Casablanca or Citizen Kane while we're at it?<br />Again, I fault not the actors in this treatment, for they all did fine jobs - if pale by comparison to the originals. My problems with this film stem with the powers that be who decided to produce it in the first place.
0451457994|3.0|Kubrick's 2001 was not the adaptation of a book written by A. Clarke; we can rather envision these two works as personal visions on ideas that were initially elaborated by both men. As such, the book clearly pales in comparison to the movie. Book form often enables an artist to add more depth to characters and situations, but Clarke's novel does precisely the opposite: less mysterious, it accumulates words, descriptions and hypotheses while the film lets its ineffable images breathe in silence - the experience Kubrick conveys is impossible to be put into words without being betrayed. As such, the book 'explains' nothing since there is nothing to be explained; everything is to be lived. The relation between the film and the book, for me, is thus analogous to the relation between mystical experience and its inferior, textual expression. The novel remains interesting and well worth reading as a companion to Kubrick's film, but it should not be considered an adequate 'replacement' of the movie.
B00008H2LB|5.0|In my opinion, Meteora is the greatest CD in my collection. I'd say it has been the best album in its genre this decade so far. Not only does it begin with incredible songs such as, Don't Stay and Somewhere I belong, but it finishes with melody beats that are soothing and appropriate. I highly recommend this CD to anyone interested in good music.
B00003CXCT|5.0|Finally the greatest trilogy is coming on dvd. And you poeple who have the nerve to say bad stuff about need it get a life and who cares if the original is not out \\"YET\\". Im sure he will put the original version movies on dvd.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This has to be the best CD ever. I listen to it ALL the time &amp; never tire of it. Brilliant work!
B0002234LS|5.0|Johnny Depp stars in the movie, based on Stephen King's short story &quot;Secret Window, Secret Garden&quot;. The movie starts with Depp's character walking in on his wife having an affair and he goes crazy. The story begins six months later. He is in the process of divorcing his wife and lives alone in a isolated cabin near a lake. Depp plays an author, Mort, and the movie starts slowly as he tries to write a story and talks to his dog. A stranger comes to the door claiming that Mort stole his story and Depp dismisses him. The guy keeps popping up and claiming Mort stole his story and violent things start to happen. Mort's dog is found dead, then his old house that his wife lives in is burned down. Mort tries to talk to a sheriff and hires a private investigator but still the mysterios stranger Jake Shooter continues to confront him. The movie doesn't sound special but it is well made with an excellent ending. The actors say on the behind the scenes footage that also comes on the DVD that as they read the script they were completely suprised by the ending. Mort is a very interesting and unusual character. He has become isolated since he and his wife seperated. He has weird dream scenes and is paranoid. He thinks to himself but refers to himself as you. He is a great character well played by Depp. This movie was unexpectedly good and one of the best movies of the year in my opinion.
B0001UL7RY|2.0|The only song I really thought was worth listening to on this cd, was the smash hit from the radio &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot;. Otherwise I thought it was a waste of $12. Definetly not as good as the first cd, I was very disappointed as I am a big Avril fan! Goes to prove the first ones are always the best!!
B00020HEL6|5.0|I never would write a review, good or bad, about any performer, but I just felt that I had to get my two cents in about Renee Olstead.  If this CD were vinyl, I would have worn it out at this point.  As both a musician and a fan of popular standard and show tunes, I can safely say that someone has finally raised the bar for the first time in many years.  How is it that, with all of the &quot;lounge singers&quot; who appear in NYC nightclubs, professing to be the savior for the gendre that a 14 year old kid can sing circles around all of them.  Renee is truly a band singer, and she plays her voice like an instrument.  Her scat is worthy of the legacy of her predecessors, like Sarah and Ella; listen to her follow the wonderful orchestra (especially in the Barry Manilow song), phrase and note.  Her rendition of Sunday Kind of Love has taken a song which a Dinah Washington would have rendered with far less power and technique, and today's singers would ruin in wailing all over the place (e.g. American Idol), and made it what it should have been all along, heartfelt.  And even the pop songs, like the Maria Maldaur, is right on the money.  This is what today's singers should aspire to become.  I have given a burn of this CD to Skitch Henderson, and I hope that if she is ever on the right coast, she will be invited to sing with the New York Pops at Carnagie Hall.  That is where she should perform.
B0001NBMBC|5.0|This CD is by far in my opinion the best record to date by Slipknot. I was never a huge Slipknot fan, when I first saw them and their creepy masks I was like wtf! But now I would easily call myself a Slipknot fan. I enjoyed many songs from other albums such as Left Behind, Liberate, Spit it Out, Wait and Bleed, etc. Those songs had extreme meaningfull and intelligable lyrics along with non-stop incredible beats. Because of their new CD, I can see the side of Slipknot that I've always thought was amazing. Vol.3 proves Corey can sing without a constant raspy scream(though thats not bad either) and each members talents for their instruments can come together for a perfect mix of rock. I believe Slipknot is the most talented metal musicianists I have ever heard. I love every second of The Subliminal Verses.<BR>&quot;All of our questions are answers to our sins.<BR> All of our endings are waiting to begin.&quot;
B0000TLA9G|4.0|Guns N' Roses was the best band in the late 80's.  There also one of the best rock bands EVER.  This CD should have beem a 2 CD set.  But it dose have their essential hits like welcome to the jungle, paradise city, sweet child o' mine, and you could be mine. some choices were kinda week like Since i dont have you, Ain't it fun, yesterdays and seriously what the hell happed to my personal favorites like Mr.Brownstone, Don't damn me, my michelle, double talkin jive,estranged,your crazy acoustic, think about you,and Dust N' Bones. . But this is still a great CD. oh and its worth it for smypathy for the devil.But why not just buy all Guns n' roses CDs, because no greatest hits could do them complete justice anyway!
B00005JMX6|4.0|Whoever reviewed this for amazon.com obviously didn't look too hard when researching his first couple lines. This did NOT in fact receive a \\"nearly unanimous\\" beating from critics. It was mixed, and according to rottentomatoes.com, it had more positive reviews than negative (with a 58% rotten rating, just 2% shy of being fresh).<br />As for the movie itself, I love it. I was surprised to love it because I've never been a huge fan of comedies, but I thought it was sweet and funny. There were moments that were just amazing in the movie.<br />Elisha Cuthbert is perfect and Hirsch does a great job as well. I also want to reiterate this isn't normally my type of movie (my 3 favorite movies are Usual Suspects/Shawshank/Almost Famous), so the fact that I love it so much is quite surprising even to me.<br />I'd give it 4.5/5 but since it has to be 4 or 5, i'll say 4, mainly because the cover of the unrated dvd (and the rated dvd) look absolutely terrible (change the cover before it comes out!!).
B000000OQF|5.0|This Is the BEST CD of the 80's this is also gotta be one of the best damn CD's ever. No CD i have ever listened to has impressed me this much. it starts out with welcome to the jungle and as soon as the guitar starts you know this is one helluva a band. then axl comes in with one of the best hard rock voices ever. There is no bad song on this album not one of them disapoints. My fav's are Welcome to the jungle, Nighttrain,Mr.Brownstone, Paradise City, My Michelle, Think a bout you,  sweet child o' mine and rocket queen, hell there all great. and after listening to this album think of how great Guns could of been if Izzy never left. NOW BUY THE ALBUM
B00005JKDR|5.0|&quot;Monster's Inc.&quot; is a great animated release of 2001, featuring the voices of John Goodman, Billy Crystal, and many others.  It earned two Oscar nominations, winning one for Best Original Song (Randy Newman).  Its hilarious and sensative plot is great for a variety of audiences to enjoy.  Its uniqueness takes this film to a whole new level.  This film desplicts a company in Monsteropolis that specializes in scaring kids by entering their closets.  However, the kids live in another &quot;world&quot; that can only be entered through a door.  If a kid enters Monsteropolis, disaster could occur.  A kid enters.  <br />The chain of events form a roller coaster ride that keeps audiences on the edge of their seats.  The variety of themes gives the film the passion and the humor in the perfect scenes.  All are wonderfully expressed uniquely by the actors.  Some monsters become scarier, some become more sensative, some become more greedy, and some become more funny thanks to them.  Such film quality blends perfectly with the animation.  The characters' physical features match with their personalities and the film theme.  The uniqueness offers many unforgettable images.<br />&quot;Monster's Inc.&quot; is a great film that will surely keep audiences entertained.  The quality value proves that this will become a classic in the following years.  Those wanting more should watch the special features, including the process in the making, two short features, a tour of Pixar, and others.
B000024D4R|5.0|Dear Pogo from Pogoville...Which one's Pink?
B00004RFFW|4.0|The boys are back in town for the second film in the legendary &quot;Lethal Weapon&quot; series.  This time around, Riggs (Mel Gibson) and Murtaugh (Danny Glover) stumble upon a South African drug ring while babysitting key witness Leo Getz (Joe Pesci).  All the laughs and action of the original; Pesci is outrageous.  Richard Donner knows when to let up, and he hasn't done it yet.<BR>* This director's cut includes four minutes of additonal footage.
B000060P79|5.0|Holy crap this band is amazing!!!  There the best hardcore punk band ive heard in years.  And did i mention there hot.  The minute this cd starts youll be off the walls the just have so much energy in all there songs.  The cd title is right no pads JUST BALLS.  If your a fan of AFI, RANCID, or DROPKICK MURPHYS youll love these new up and coming punksters.
B00008H2LB|5.0|the songs are all awesome &amp; genuine, it's amazing to me that i can relate to alot of the songs, it's like Linkin Park knows me &amp; read my diary- i know i'm not the only 1. this is the top best cd u can own!! u will not regret this!  it's great music with lot's of fun beats that'll make u wanna get up &amp; move, pump u up. perfect pick for ur next party &amp; makes a fun gift!  <BR>it's wicked cool!!<br />get this album today!!
B00003CXCT|3.0|I liked this movie much better than most of the others my kids choose to rent.  Don't get me wrong, I don't think I could have sat through these in the theater, but I looked up from the newspaper several times (mostly at my kids' urging!) to watch the movies.  To parents, I recommend steering your kids toward this DVD next time its their turn to choose the movie.  While not truly enjoyable for adults, it certainly is less tedious than some others, especially those cartoons with all the annoying songs.
0553213105|5.0|I have to say that I thoroughly enjoyed Pride &amp; Prejudice.  Although it has to be called a romance, I personally feel that the fascination is much more about the rules of behavior and courtship in Victorian society.  The same story set in the modern day would not be nearly so interesting because you no longer have the rules to navigate that are present in the time in which it is set.  It is the compliance with these rules and the reaction when they are not followed properly that makes the social structure of the time (as it is presented here) more like a chess game than a simple romance story.  This given with characters and settings that have a feel to them that reminds me of Little Women made this book a great deal of fun to read.  It was fast paced with plenty of intrigues.<br />The back of my book puts the entire plot into one short paragraph.  I was at first concerned that this would take the fun out of the reading since who marries who in the end was spelled out right there.  However, in reading it I realized that it is not WHAT happens in this book as much as it is HOW it happens and in this Austen is a true master.  Essentially the story is of the five daughters of the Bennett family.  The addle-brained mother has no other concern than to marry her daughters off and the detached father generally just makes fun of the whole situation.  Jane and Elizabeth are the two eldest daughters and Jane forms an attachment early on to Bingley, a gentleman who has leased a house/estate nearby.  When a pompous Mr. Darcy interferes in Jane's attachment to Bingley, Elizabeth is turned vehemently against him - a sentiment further deepened by aspersions made by Mr. Wickham, Mr. Darcy's father's godchild.  As fate would have it, Mr. Darcy develops an attachment to Elizabeth and has to redeem himself in her eyes, despite his feelings of social superiority and her many resentments.<br />I don't know if the title is to reflect the pride of Mr. Darcy and the prejudice of Elizabeth against him.  At one point she says the following: \\" Vanity and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously.  A person may be proud without being vain.  Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us.\\" I see her really exploring this in the character of Mr. Darcy and his relations and feel that the title may have more to do with the exploration of this sentiment than in any of the individual characters.eth against him.  At one point she says the following: \\" Vanity and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously.  A person may be proud without being vain.  Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us.\\" I see her really exploring this in the character of Mr. Darcy and his relations and feel that the title may have more to do with the exploration of this sentiment than in any of the individual characters.
B000060K4O|5.0|It is said that the role of Peter Venkman was originally written for John Belushi, but we'll never know how he would have performed in the role.  Fellow &quot;Saturday Night Live&quot; alum Bill Murray stepped into the role and ran away with the movie.  Harold Ramis and Dan Aykroyd fit into the story like a glove in Ivan Reitman's masterpiece, but Bill Murray steals his every scene - which means most of the movie - with a performance full of dead-pan, ironic, world-weary, been-there-done-that hilariousness.<br />He has a sarcastic remark for every occasion, and the audience is the only one in on the joke every time.<br />When prospective girlfriend Dana Barrett (played by Sigourney Weaver, who gets a plum opportunity to show off her comedic skills) gets possessed by an evil demon, she is transformed into a slinky seductress.  Bill Murray has come over to her apartment and in his hilarious dead-pan manner lets the audience know that he recognizes all is not normal with Ms. Barrett.  As hilarious and sarcastic as Venkman is, he's at least a gentleman of sorts and doesn't take advantage of the situation when the demon tries to seduce him.<br />&quot;Do you want this body?&quot; Sigourney-demon asks him.<br />He pauses for a perfect beat before replying:<br />&quot;Is this a trick question?&quot;<br />The special effects don't look like the CGI visions that have been on screen for a couple of years (this was 1984) yet they're part of the fun.  Even so, the special effects serve the story rather than up-staging it, and when the movie was initially released I remember howling with the audience after the first special-effect ghost &quot;attacks&quot; Bill Murray and leaves him on the floor in a glistening mess.<br />&quot;He SLIMED me!&quot; Venkman yelled, and we laughed our heads off.<br />This disc is not dated by contemporary references - it's just as hilarious today as it was in 1984, and it'll probably be just as funny 100 years from now.  The DVD comes with extras that add to the fun, and in the commentary tracks Ivan Reitman and Harold Ramis show that &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; was an absolute highlight in all of their lives.<br />Mine too.dd to the fun, and in the commentary tracks Ivan Reitman and Harold Ramis show that &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; was an absolute highlight in all of their lives.<br />Mine too.
0553212737|4.0|Honestly, if I had not read Pride &amp; Prejudice first, I would have thought that I did not like Jane Austen's writing style.  Emma is extremely slow to begin with though it picks up about half way through.  The story centers on Emma Woodhouse, the unmarried daughter of a man obsessed with ailments to be potentially caught from drafts, rich foods and just about anything that is part of ordinary life. Consequently he does not go out (as a rule) and depends on Emma substantially for companionship and general well being. Despite his eccentricities, he is well loved by the community and is a very genial character.  Emma, resolved not to marry, takes up matchmaking after her governess, Miss Taylor, marries friend and neighbor, Mr. Weston and Emma feels that she had contributed to making the happy union come about.  Against the advice of family friend and mentor, Mr. Knightly, she \\"takes under her wing\\" a young girl at the local school to groom and bring out into good society in hopes of finding her a husband - specifically Mr. Elton of the vicarage.  Despite her unknown parentage and lack of good expectations, Emma convinces the girl, Harriet Smith, to aim high in her expectations of a husband and to reject the advances of those of her natural social set in preference for a gentleman.<br />This goes on for so long that I was convinced that this was going to be the whole of the book.  Joyfully, though, the Mr. Elton angle blows up catastrophically and simultaneously several more interesting characters are introduced.  The icily reserved Jane Fairfax comes to visit her grandmother and aunt before hiring out as a governess. Though she had been taken in by the Campbells and raised very genteelly along side their own daughter, she has no fortune of her own. The same age as Emma, they are expected to be fast friends but Emma's resentments of Jane's superior abilities and deportment do not bode well for this.  Then Mr. Weston's son, Frank Churchill, who was raised by his aunt and uncle after his mother's death, comes to meet his new stepmother and makes a splash in Highbury society.  Mrs. Weston has designs for Emma and Frank. Emma meanwhile has designs for Harriet and Frank.  No one can figure out Jane's designs though Emma suspects improper attachments between her and her benefactor's daughter's new husband. Mr. Elton then brings in a new wife whose forceful manner and arrogant air threaten to turn everything upside down against Emma when Mrs. Elton tries to force a relationship as Jane's  benefactress.  Similarities between Emma's presumptions with Harriet and Mrs. Elton's presumptuous behavior with Jane  are unavoidable and provide a relatively subtle irony.<br />In this last half as the intrigues play out, the story takes on the flavor of Pride and Prejudice and becomes infinitely more interesting.  Though the first part was slow, it did serve to really build the character of Emma and she becomes very real through her actions in the second half. It also serves to humanize Mrs. Elton's character to some extent while softening Emma's.<br />This really is a  very, very good book and I would have given it 5 stars except for how slow it was in the first half.  A patient reader will enjoy this but readers who don't have patience with character studies or slow bits would do better to read Pride and Prejudice.and uncle after his mother's death, comes to meet his new stepmother and makes a splash in Highbury society.  Mrs. Weston has designs for Emma and Frank. Emma meanwhile has designs for Harriet and Frank.  No one can figure out Jane's designs though Emma suspects improper attachments between her and her benefactor's daughter's new husband. Mr. Elton then brings in a new wife whose forceful manner and arrogant air threaten to turn everything upside down against Emma when Mrs. Elton tries to force a relationship as Jane's  benefactress.  Similarities between Emma's presumptions with Harriet and Mrs. Elton's presumptuous behavior with Jane  are unavoidable and provide a relatively subtle irony.<br />In this last half as the intrigues play out, the story takes on the flavor of Pride and Prejudice and becomes infinitely more interesting.  Though the first part was slow, it did serve to really build the character of Emma and she becomes very real through her actions in the second half. It also serves to humanize Mrs. Elton's character to some extent while softening Emma's.   <br />This really is a  very, very good book and I would have given it 5 stars except for how slow it was in the first half.    A patient reader will enjoy this but readers who don't have patience with character studies or slow bits would do better to read Pride and Prejudice.
B00007AJF8|5.0|Charlie Kaufman has the distinction of writing the two most deranged screenplays I know of with \\"Adaptation\\" and it's predecessor, \\"Being John Malkovich\\". Here it became clear that a mind of unsurpassed creativeness had been loosed among the movie-making crowd.<br /><br />Four fantastic performances are given by John Cusack, Cameron Diaz, Catherine Keener and Malkovich himself, and they are guided by Spike Jonze' direction and Mr. Kaufman's screenplay.<br /><br />Cusack is a gifted, tortured, starving artist, and not just any artist, but a puppeteer - working with marionettes.  The film opens with a marionette performance so poignant it seems nearly human - the performance reminds me of the opening of \\"White Nights\\" in which Baryshnikov dances \\"Le Jeune Homme Et La Mort\\".  In White Nights it takes a moment before you recognize that you are watching a performance of a ballet, and in this film the marionette is so life-like it doesn't require much suspension of disbelief to think the puppet alive.  In another similarity between the two films later on a human-sized marionette is made to \\"dance\\" the lead role in \\"Swan Lake\\" surrounded by human ballerinas.  The rest of this film is SO startlingly original that it's easy to overlook the fact that the movie has some REALLY skilled puppeteering in it.<br /><br />But I digress.  Puppeteering doesn't pay Cusack well, so there are money arguments between John and wife Cameron Diaz, who looks like a cross between a street person and a washer-woman here.  She works in a pet store and keeps a collection of animals including a dog, ferret, bird and chimpanzee - all apparently with some form of veterinary post-traumatic stress disorder.  Diaz' Lotte is the kind of person who forms close emotional ties with animals but has more difficulty being intimate with other humans.<br /><br />Desperate for a paying job, Cusack thinks his nimble puppeteering fingers make him ideal for a company that specializes in filing, so he gets a job in an old New York building on the 7 1/2th floor - the kind of quirky little thing added in just for \\"flavor\\" in this film.<br /><br />At his new job Cusack discovers Maxine - an attractive but sarcastic New York woman who has had it with most men, and Cusack's Craig Schwartz certainly seems like most men to her.<br /><br />Craig also discovers something he wasn't expecting behind a filing cabinet: a portal that leads to 15 minutes inside the head of John Malkovich before dumping you on the side of a New Jersey highway.<br /><br />If it seems like I've given away the whole story - I haven't.  These are all plot setups that lead to the development of a narrative that doesn't just have a \\"twist\\".  THIS story \\"twists\\" every five minutes.<br /><br />On my second viewing of the movie my greatest regard is for John Malkovich himself, who not only allows himself to be spoofed, but participates in the spoofing with great gusto.  On the first trip \\"into Malkovich\\" we track him as he's getting ready to go out.  He goes down to the street where a cab is hailed for him.  The driver looks back and instantly recognizes him.<br /><br />\\"Hey.... you're that actor, aren't you?\\"<br />\\"Yes\\", Malkovich replies.<br />\\"I loved you in that movie where you played the jewel thief\\".<br />\\"I never played a jewel thief\\". (Although a few years later John Malkovich actually does play a jewel thief in Johnny English.)<br /><br />A few other times other characters bring up his performance in the jewel thief movie - a great running gag demonstrating how easy human nature makes it to spread urban legends and other incorrect information.<br /><br />John Malkovich has been in a large number of my very favorite films: The Killing Fields, Dangerous Liaisons, Places in the Heart, Shadow of the Vampire, In the Line of Fire and Of Mice and Men. (Fans of \\"Sex and the City\\" will enjoy the moment when Willie Garson walks by Malkovich in a restaurant and compliments him on his performance in the movie where he played \\"that retard\\".) Now one of my favorite John Malkovich movies is the one that bears his name.
0792843584|4.0|When self-appointed film experts talk about the worst movies of all time, Heaven's Gate invariably enters the conversation.  Until the release of Ishtar, this depiction of the Johnson County War in the late 19th Century enjoyed the dubious distinction of being the biggest box office flop of all time.  In my view, however, a box office flop doesn't necessarily denote a bad movie.  A bad movie is one with low production values, bad effects, and/or muddled script, like Plan 9 From Outer Space or Manos: The Hands of Fate.  Heaven's Gate, though it may have been a box office flop, is actually a very good movie that got it's undeserved reputation due to director Michael Cimino's obsession with perfection.  This resulted in multiple takes of scenes that most directors could have shot in one or two.  Ultimately, the picture cost three or four times its original budget to make.  Negative pre-release publicity from a reporter who managed to get into the film as an extra after Cimino refused to grant him an interview, and the critical shellacking that it received from the critics when released, conspired with the well reported cost overruns to doom Heaven's Gate before it was even out of the starting gate.<br />Personally, I like this movie.  And while I appreciate Cimino's insistence on period authenticity in such things as trains, costuming and sets but I have a problem reconciling it to a script that takes such artistic liberties with recorded history.  The real Jim Averill was a cattle ruster who along with his wife was hanged.  He was not the noble sheriff with an Ivy League background as portrayed in the film by Kris Kristofferson.  Nevertheless, Heaven's Gate is a superb motion picture in many respects.  The cinematography by Villnos Zsigmond is nothing short of magnificent, and the acting performances are all good, especially those of Kristofferson, John Hurt, and Christopher Walken.  Although many previous reviewers have criticized the sound quality, I found nothing wrong with it.  I also didn't find the plot all that hard to follow, as others claim.  Perhaps they expected the movie to give them a clue without any sort of thinking on their own.  Of all the complaints that have been levelled against Heaven's Gate, the only one I think that has any merit to it is that the pacing is painfully slow.  That said, I don't believe it distracts significantly from the enjoyment of the movie.  Incidentally, have I mentioned that David Mansfield's score (sadly, not in print) is beautiful?<br />Sure, Heaven's Gate is considered to be a flop.  But I would suggest to anyone reading this review that you watch it for yourself and decide.  It's really not as bad a movie as others have led you to believe it is.
B0001932ZA|1.0|I read the book by Stephen King and I loved it!  This movie is NOTHING like the book.  The basic plot (and I mean VERY basic) is the same, but the events that take place aren't even close.  I'm sorry I wasted my time with this sad excuse for a movie.  I was very disappointed and I recommend to everyone READ THE BOOK INSTEAD!
0140157352|3.0|Don't buy the audio version from audible.com .<br />Their programming skills are terrible. I could not download some of the books I bought, could not burn into cd the ones I could download, and forget about making it work with an mp3 player, unless you're lucky.<br />I know about 5 people who bought stuff from there and only one had the luck of downloading a working file and burning it successfully to a cd.<br />The quality of the narrations is awful, at least in the books I managed to hear (only on windows media player, nothing else worked). If you're used to books on cd or tape, you're up for  a big disappointment buying from audible.<br />On top of all that, they have the worst customer service I have ever witnessed. The site was not working right when I tried to purchase there for the first time. I sent them a message with no answer.<br />In a second attempt, I bought the stuff and some files never downloaded (which means they just stole my money and I don't know what I can do since I don't live in USA). I sent another message with no answer again.<br />Then their weird program, which turns Windows Media Player automatically on instead of working alone, showed no compatibility to Itunes and no possibility of burning cds or dreaming about hearing books on Ipod. I sent them a third message and nothing. A fourth and guess what? Nothing again.<br />So I am at least trying to warn other people here to avoid being caught by such scheme. I hope Amazon gets rid of audible as soon as possible. I always got great service from Amazon and the affiliated bookstores, or even other stores selling electronics, health products and others, but audible is just the worst company I ever wasted my money with. Too bad we cannot give notes to them like with the affiliated booksellers.<br />Sorry by the poor text, I am just mad with them.
B00008PW3Q|5.0|At last...the long awaited studio album reunion of THE classic Fleetwood Mac line-up - almost.  Yes, I definitely miss Christine McVie's presence, especially her great harmonizing, on SAY YOU WILL - BUT - this is still the best album they've created since TUSK (in my opinion, the band's masterpiece).  The sound and production are masterful and varied, managing to sound relevant and progressive and 'today,' as well as like classic FM!  Stevie's material is always at its best when Lindsey Buckingham is behind the producing.<br />There are many highlights!  The song &quot;Say You Will&quot; is the best thing Stevie has written in over 10 years!  It's catchy and irresistible and has some great heartfelt lyrics which I suspect are about Christine.  &quot;Destiny Rules&quot; is classic FM in that witchy &quot;Gold Dust Woman&quot; sense.  &quot;Silver Girl,&quot; a hymn to Sheryl Crow, is sonically distinctive from what we're normally used to hearing from Nicks, but it definitely works.  Lindsey's big production achievement on this album is &quot;Miranda&quot; - the John and Mick rhythm section rock out on this one! &quot;Peacekeeper&quot; is also moody and atmospheric and another great single. Hearing  &quot;Say Goodbye&quot; is intriguing enough on CD, but you must see them perform it live!  You will be blasted by emotional fireworks between Lindsey and Stevie!   &quot;Goodbye Baby,&quot;  with Stevie's sad, whispered vocals, is absolutely spellbinding.  I get chills whenever I hear it.  A perfect album closer.  <br />Now, some problems, although for me, they're minor.  When I first heard the track list for this CD, I figured &quot;Smile At You&quot; would be THE killer track from this album, since I was used to the blistering and angry &quot;Mirage&quot; demo version.  Instead, it's Stevie's blandest contribution.  The production is all wrong, too busy and overproduced.  I feel the same way about &quot;Everyone Finds Out.&quot;  The Lindsey tracks I could've done without are &quot;Red Rover&quot; and &quot;Come&quot; (although &quot;Come is awesome live!).  The CD is perhaps four tracks too long in my opinion.<br />Putting these quirks aside though, I must highly recommend SAY YOU WILL for its ambition, its creative spark and renewed energy. It's not safe music, but it still is mostly appealing and accessible.  Here's hoping for a new FM album soon - maybe one that brings out the great harmonizing that Lindsey and Stevie are capable of doing together!
B0001M0A4I|5.0|I've followed Tony Banks' music for a long time now - except for the dismal 80's Genesis - and I wasn't prepared to give Seven more than a cursory listen and say &quot;very nice.&quot; And to be honest, that's how I approached this music. The last Tony Banks music I honestly liked was on his first solo album back in 1979. But, as I listened to Seven, I heard more than I anticipated, and eventually, this music grew on me.  I have to say now, that despite the long and rather spotty - to be charitable - record of English rock musicians writing for orchestras (Keith Emerson, Rick Wakeman, Jon Lord, Yes, Pink Floyd, Moody Blues, etc) that Banks transcends his past and with his suite creates mature music in the vein of Ralph Vaughn Williams and Edward Elgar.<br />In his notes, Banks says that he didn't want to create a typical piece with a rock plays soloing over an orchestral backing.  Rather, he wants to write integrated orchestral works with their own structure and internal logic.  This Banks does with more elan than I thought possible.  The energy, melodies, and orchestration of this music is impressive and irrespressible.<br />The first piece, Spring Tide, gushes forward, a torrent of music that sets the tone for the rest of the suite, a series of pastoral mediations which have always been at the heart of his music.<br />The more I listened to this music, the more I liked it, until now, when I play this album, I find myself hearing all the things I loved about Banks's work with Genesis, but now, thoughtfully recast into the tradition of English orchestral composers and not King Crimson.<br />I can heartily recommend this music to any long-time Genesis fan, or even to classical music lovers. I hope that Tony Banks will continue writing more orchestral work.
B0001ZX0OW|1.0|I was terribly dissapointed with this film. There was so much hype over it. Terrible acting and even worse direction. Watching this film I felt as if I was watching a dark daytime soap opera. There is nothing creative about this film at all. You'd think that Eastwood would have picked up a few things in his youth from working with Sergio Leone. <br />Sean Penn gives a very dry performance. I just didn't feel anything in his character. Kevin Bacon is the same Kevin Bacon in every movie. Tim Robbins is just way over the top. His character goes from not even being albe to think strait one moment to Kevin Spacey from the Usual Suspects the next. I didn't mind Lawrence Fishbourne though. Usually I can't stand him but in this film he's probably the most convincing. <br />The only thing I found interesting in this film was Eastwoods decision to cast his old buddy Eli Wallach as the aged liqoure store clerk. I love Eli Wallach. It's funny to see him cast as a store clerk who was robbed. Though this was a too obvious attempt at irony. For those of you who've seen The Good The Bad And The Ugly you'll remember the scene where his character Tuco robbs an aged store clerk. The scene even plays like a an old spaghetti western scene where a bar tender or hotel owner is being questioned by a sheriff or a bounty hunter of some sort. <br />This film gets one star for Eastwood casting Eli Wallach. Everyone else in the film can just piss off I'm not amused.
B00005YW4H|5.0|Norah's debut album is fantastic.  I got the CD and it was practically worn out in a month.  I can't get enough of her music and never seem to tire of it.<br />Personal favorites are \\"Come Away with Me\\" and \\"The Long Day\\" but I also love the ethnic sounding \\"I've Got to See you again\\".<br />It is an album that is soothing and sexy and perfect for any crowd that you may have visiting you, old or young.
B000066744|5.0|I'm a very big fan of Ennio Morricone, Giuseppe Tornatore and Tim Roth.  I caught this film late one night and rushed out to buy the DVD the next day.  The music in this film compares with any other I've seen. The only other composer (for film) that I would place Ennio Morricone second to is the legendary Nino Rota. The reason why I love this film so much is flat out for the music.<br />Tim Roth is amazing too. You really feel for his character. Also this film has some of the most beautiful images as expected with a Tornatore film.  <br />The only slight problems I found with the film was some of the dialogue. It was written by Tornatore who is Italian and some of the humor may work in Italian but doesn't really pan out in english. I still give it 5 stars though.
B00018D44U|5.0|I am reading some of these negative reviews and I'm just amazed!  I think this album is BETTER than her first album, which I adored. I just can't believe what I'm reading.<br />My favorites are &quot;Be Here to Love Me&quot; and &quot;Toes&quot;, but I really love each and every track on this CD.  I think her voice is incredible, the background vocals are great and the instrumentals are great.  Not sure why there are so many mixed reviews.  I think this is a fantastic album and can't wait for her next one.  I literally beat this album to death going to and from work for two months straight.<br />I don't find this album at all boring.  It is wonderful, soothing and soulful.  LISTEN to it!  You won't be disappointed.
B00000DCHI|1.0|The &quot;enhanced&quot; audio CD sucks.  To listen to the music, it is necessary to load &quot;Apple Quicktime&quot; from the CD to your computer.  It is not possible to load the CD into a computer and simply listen to the music.  I wanted music on my computer, not clutter on my hard drive.  Avoid buying the &quot;enhanced&quot; versions of Sony music CDs unless you want a lot of hassle.
B0001Z53AQ|5.0|If you like eminem and you liked devils night, buy this cd.  if you even like rap and like to laugh or just listen to music and relax, you'll like this cd.  'Good Die Young' must go down in one of the best songs ever recorded, oh and eminem isnt even in the song. tracks like 'how come','get my gun',american psycho II, and 'keep talkin' are why eminem and D12 will go down as some of the greatest rappers ever...'keep talkin' displays one of the illest beats ive ever heard in my life along with some other tracks on this album...bizarre even displays his very humorous style in 'just like you'...so what if every track doesnt add up to a song like 'fight music' on the last d12 album...id pay $100 just for a copy of D12 World!!!
B000002L9J|5.0|Everything came together for The Smiths on this album.  <br />The Smiths were one of the most original bands to come out of the 1980s. It's amazing that The Smiths could achieve popularity in an era where synthetic pop was king.  They were in a league of their own in both words and music.  The lyrics were poetry.  They could hit just as hard read cold off the page as they could sung to music.  The music was succinct- tightly constructed, subtle, but powerful.  Johnny Marr didn't waste his time, or yours, with gratuitous soloing.<br />If you haven't experienced The Smiths before, this album with dazzle you with their brilliance.
038073186X|5.0|Shutter Island, wow...I have read all of the reviews on this book, and regardless of the fact that this book was not edited (the only negative by those whom did not like this book)I still found this book to be the absolute best I read I have ever had.  I could say so much about shutter Island, but in this particular case I will be simple.  If you are checking out some reviews as a factor upon reading this book, then know this:  Procrastinate no more!  Call in sick today, tomorrow, and freaking but this book.  Trust me.
630157401X|5.0|A huge improvement over The Temple of Doom,The last Crusade is not only better(FAR BETTER)than the second,it is also in my opinion a even better film than Raiders of the Lost Ark!!!!!!! The story is the best of the three,the action scenes are terrific,and the acting,especially from Harrison ford and Sean Connery,who steals every scene he's in as Indy's Dad,is amazing.Overall,if you liked the first film and hated the second,The Last Crusade will please you more than the second and maybe more than the first! Note:Despite the PG-13 Rating of this film(the first two were both PG),this film is not nearly as graphic as the second.
B00005JMFQ|5.0|I absolutely adore this movie.  It's sweet, fun, and phenomenally written.  I love how all of the stories entertwine and the fast pace.  Sure, it's somewhat unrealistic at times, but you're having so much fun and feeling so much emotion, you can't help but enjoy!  And the message is beautiful and much needed in today's climate..  The acting was superb &amp; the writing catchy and perfectly timed.  This movie rates as one my favorites, ever - &amp; I highly recommend.  It's even more fun to watch around the holidays - definitely puts you in the spirit!
6300214435|3.0|By far,The temple of Doom is the weakest in the trilogy of Indiana Jones.It focuses too much on action that there is hardly any room for character development or,more importanly,plot.Overall,watch it if you liked yhe first film.Otherwise,skip it and watch the third film instead. Note:there are two things to note: one,this film is set before Raiders of the Lost Ark,making this a prequel and two:if you have children younger than thirteen,DON'T let them watch this one.This has very graphic violence.The PG rating is a joke!!!!!!!!
B000002UAU|1.0|Say you were to go into a record store and you asked the clerk one question. &quot;Hey clerk, can you hand me a couple cds that were overhyped&quot;. He'd should go get all Beatles albums and throw them in your hands. &quot;Take them all, we don't want them&quot;. Only those stupid gullable people who actually beleive the Beatles can sing are the ones that want them. <br />Its a good thing their entire catalogue belongs to the genius himself, Michael Jackson. Michael Jackson made true music, this band reminds me of how overhyped Jessica Simpson and Justin Timberlake and Janet Jackson is. <br />Now that the catalogue and rights to the songs are in Michael's hands, Paul McCartney can't put out any new Beatles music/compliation out there without Michael's permission. Michael would say no and Paul wouldn't even ask because they are in a bitter fight because Michael paid over 50 million dollars for the rights to the songs as well as rights to John Lennon and Paul McCartney catalogues. Michael was ripped off due to the fact that all Beatles song are not worth one scrap of poop from a dogs a**.
0440237688|5.0|I remember my teacher reading the Giver to our class back in 6th grade, as was his annual tradition each year (my sister had him a previous year) . . . now 8 years later I still love The Giver! And I am currently rereading it right now. I've never been one to read a lot of fiction . . . I'd rather read non-fictional stuff, but I definately do enjoy this book. It's very unique, and there are a lot of surprises that show up in the book that you don't expect. I only wish somebody would make a movie out of this book! If I was a director sure would!
B000062YAZ|5.0|&quot;Reign in Blood&quot; (1986) is about 30 minutes short of being the best thrash album of all-time. At less than 30 minutes in length, Slayer pumps out one of the most blistering assaults in all of music. The band's goal in the early 80's was to be the most brutal metal band. &quot;Hell Awaits&quot; (1985), the band's second album, definitely fit the bill at the time. However, in an onslaught of what was to become known as thrash, bands like Exodus, SOD, and Helloween were raising the bar in production and technique.<br />Though Hanneman and King were admittedly self taught guitarists until the Reign in Blood follow-up, &quot;South of Heaven&quot; (1988), they were able to upstage everyone with this most blistering abrasive guitar work. Reign.. combines this with Hanneman's disturbing lyrics spout out clearly at breakneck speeds by the most notorious voice in thrash, Tom Araya. Lombardo's drumming ties up this nasty little package so tight that to virgin ears, it is difficult to tell where one track ends and the next begins. This album flows like a scalpel through soft tissue and is sure to leave you with such an adrenalin rush that you'll have to play it over and over. <br />Those who are disappointed with its length and require additional punishment, Kreator's 60-minute &quot;Pleasure to Kill,&quot; released the same year, is sure to give twice the pleasure. Kill.
0790729350|5.0|Although I was a teenager soon after this concert, I somehow never got around to seeing the moving until this year. (I guess concert films don't get screened frequently on terrestrial TV.) So over the years I've become more familiar with the triple LP of the movie and, of course, the many posters the rock stars in heroic poses that dominated the early 1970s -- i.e. the Who's Roger Daltrey, Jimi Hendrix and Ten Years After's Alvin Lee.<br />Despite the mud and the squalor, this is an extraordinarily beautiful film, with the screen often breaking up into two or three segments. (Note on the closing credits the name of Martin Scorsese on the production team.)<br />It's well worth contrasting this movie with the DVD of the 1970 Isle of Wight festival. Only a year separates the two concerts, but the late 1960s idealism of Woodstock gets replaced by prototype British vandalism. The Who perform at both concerts, and make an equally good account of themselves. Daltrey's emotional delivery of 'See Me, Feel Me' helps to explain why 'Tommy' became such a phenomenon in America. Hendrix also performed at both, but his meandering solo at Woodstock was not of the highest standard.<br />The other highlight of the show was Santana, a Latino band only just beginning to establish themselves in California at the time. As others have noted, the drum solo by Mike Shrieve is impressive for one so young. As with the Who, Santana's album sales will have multiplied as a result of their Woodstock performance.<br />It's interesting how many great acts weren't at Woodstock -- e.g. Joni Mitchell (despite her song about the concert!), the Doors, Bob Dylan or the Stones. The first two clearly realised how important these festivals were in the breaking of artists into markets, and so they appear on the Isle of Wight DVD.<br />For most of my life, Woodstock has been a set of static images, largely taken from the cover of the album. But as this film reveals, there is so much more imagery than pictures of beautiful women bathing in the lake. Quite apart from all the idealism of passing whisky bottles and reefers around, of sliding in the mud, the film shows the flip side: of people queuing in the mud to phone home, of helicopters rescuing the sick, of helpers cleaning toilets, and of barefoot stragglers looking for a pair of shoes amid a post-concert site that looks more of a wasteland than the trenches of the First World War.<br />Enjoy it in all its glory and all its grime.of beautiful women bathing in the lake. Quite apart from all the idealism of passing whisky bottles and reefers around, of sliding in the mud, the film shows the flip side: of people queuing in the mud to phone home, of helicopters rescuing the sick, of helpers cleaning toilets, and of barefoot stragglers looking for a pair of shoes amid a post-concert site that looks more of a wasteland than the trenches of the First World War. <br />Enjoy it in all its glory and all its grime.
0440238609|5.0|I was reccomended this by a friend, and reading it has been one of the greatest accomplisments of my life, okay perhaps exaggerating a bit but these books are really awesome. Pullman manages to construct several worlds all of which have many similar and interestingly different attributes. He describes each world, character, and idea masterfully, but not overly as to make it dull. He also manages to create his own religion, which may disturb some younger children or those who don't understand that it's just a story. Never draggy, always gripping, can't say enough good things about it! It's one of those books that makes you laugh, think, cry and leaves you aching for more.
B00020HEG6|5.0|...<br />As a budding &quot;musical kid&quot; I worshipped Williams's scores to the original Star Wars movies, in particular The Empire Strikes Back. It is perhaps no surprise, given that context, that I had become concerned about Williams's recent work. I felt, bluntly, that he had begun to lose the sparkle that makes a &quot;Williams Soundtrack&quot; worth buying. Given Howard Shore's stunning Lord Of The Rings soundtracks -- the only &quot;orchestral&quot; soundtracks which exceed classic Star Wars, in my opinion -- plus Williams's uncreatively recycled and downright BORING music for Star Wars Episode II in 2002, I was frankly worried about Williams being able to handle the task of scoring such a complex story as Azkaban.<br />Thankfully my concerns were unfounded. The Azkaban soundtrack is a near-flawless execution of the Williams Style: state the main theme of a multifilm franchise boldly but tinker with it unpredictably, brood and be moody where necessary, be cute where appropriate, and always stay in step with the director's overall cinematographic vision. Furthermore, a good Williams soundtrack [as *any* good soundtrack] must stand on its own but it should simultaneously exist as a part of the film from whence it comes.<br />The Azkaban soundtrack fits this mold perfectly.<br />Williams has succeeded on a grand scale with Azkaban. This soundtrack does lack powerhouse moments such as found in Empire Strikes Back, and it offers essentially none of the haunting and emotionally wrenching moments found within Howard Shore's Lord Of The Rings music, but this is nevertheless a fantastic movie soundtrack and it will be rightly remembered as part of why Azkaban is the best of the first three Harry Potter films. As Dumbledore once said... &quot;between you and me, that's saying something.&quot;<br />Finally, I must pay specific kudos to Mr Williams for prominent use of harpsichord-style instrumentation in Azkaban. The venerable harpsichord is sorely lacking in today's mainstream movie music, and it takes a rare talent to use it effectively. Keep up the good work!ainstream movie music, and it takes a rare talent to use it effectively. Keep up the good work!
B00005JLKN|4.0|Red Dragon, third in the line of &quot;Hannibal Lector&quot; series featuring Anthony Hopkins, is preceded by the 1986 Michael Mann film, Manhunter. Standing alone, Red Dragon is a good solid film from beginning to end; however, I feel those interested in buying this film or otherwise completing the legacy, should get an idea for how the two film versions of Thomas Harris' first Lector novel differ.<br />Red Dragon feels more like a psychological horror film than does Manhunter. Those who remember 80's police action films like Clint Eastwood's &quot;Tightrope&quot; or Silvester Stallone's &quot;Cobra&quot; will find Manhunter in common thriller territory. The tension in Red Dragon is strong throughout the film; however we see little development of the Francis Dolarhyde (Tom Noonan) serial killer (known as the Tooth Fairy). While we see the central elements that define his psychosis, we only barely glimpse at his struggle with his own humanity except for through emotion expressed in Ralph Feinnes' eyes. Tom Noonan's Francis is  distant and perhaps zombie-like, and so the character is development more through subsequent scenes. Red Dragon is also more bloody -- appropriate for the times; whereas Manhunter has virtually no gore (that I can recall). Absent from Red Dragon is the 80's power pop-rock music that scores Manhunter. This is perhaps for the best as the music used in Red Dragon actually adds atmosphere to the scenes.<br />The central figure in Red Dragon, FBI agent Will Graham (Edward Norton) is more clearly defined as having a sixth sense that aids him in his investigations. This is less clear in Manhunter as it's arguable that Graham is just highly intuitive. However, William Petersen's portrayal of Graham is darker, more complex. This helps to enrich the drama even more since both the protagonist and antagonist seem to be living inside themselves, shut out from the rest of the world. Brian Cox portrays Hannibal Lector with confidence, but pales in comparisonto Anthony Hopkins' more sinister performance. As good a film as Manhunter is, it is difficult to recommend movie fans from overlooking Red Dragon since the success of the film has been built largely on Hopkins' role as the good, er evil doctor.<br />The 4-star rating I gave to this DVD is not based on the caliber of the film itself but on it's presentation in the DVD and on the extras. The DVD is pretty much standard fare for today, which is a good thing; however, I didn't find myself overly thrilled about the extras.
B0000CFW87|4.0|Josh Groban is truly a talented young artist.  His appreciation of classical music stylings mixed with some very moving beats brings a new life to this type of music.  Once again, he has managed to mix classical music and songs with some more conteporary songs like &quot;You Raise Me Up,&quot; which has become something like Bette Midler's &quot;The Wind Beneath My Wings&quot; in terms of how it can so easily impact people.  His voice is truly a wonderful gift and his music is great when you need to unwind from that hectic day.
B00004Y6RO|4.0|this is pretty good. but i dont get why 9 people in a band. the masks are pretty corny but it makes the unique. over all its a good album better than Iowa...
B00005J6UP|5.0|What can I say?  This movie has it all!  Action, Suspense, Romance, Sean Astin pre Samwise Gamgee.  What more could you want?<br />Steven Spielberg brings a story about a misfit group of kids who set out to save their home.  It all hinges on finding the treasure of One-Eyed Willie, a famous pirate who was rumored to have hid his treasure somewhere around where they live.<br />Throw in a mafia family who has recently broken out of jail, a treasure map, a Baby Ruth, and a wonderful dance called the Truffle Shuffle and you've got an instant classic!!<br />Also, look for the line about battling the octopus in the end, then think about the octopus battle.  Something doesn't add up does it??
B00005A46T|2.0|boring and not as cool as first release... thay have a self release floating around somewhere... i think they got the material for this cd from that i heard the self release and its way better than IOWA... i dont know... the arrangement of the songs suck
B00005JMFQ|1.0|I knew I was taking a risk when I found out this movie was rated \\"R\\" for nudity and language, etc. but I disregarded it (much to my dismay) and thought I'd try it.  I knew it wasn't a good sign when the F-bomb and the S-bomb started flying barely 3 minutes into the film.  <br />There were about 5 stories of various characters throughout the film.  Some were sort of cute but others were absolutely ridiculous and improbable.  One of the primary things that bothered me about the film was the attitude that many of the characters had toward sex.  Sex was treated as merely an activity that any two (or more) people of any sex could do.  Nevermind morality or marriage vows.  It's interesting that the film would be titled, \\"Love Actually\\" when many of the characters were jumping into bed with basically whatever moved (regardless of whether they loved the other person or not).  <br />In addition, I agree with what another reviewer said about it being blasphemous.  There was a scene where a child was telling her mother that she was going to be in a play in which she would play a lobster during the nativity scene of Christ.  What blasphemy!  <br />This movie was blasphemous and disgusting and I'm sorry I ever wasted my time on it.
B000002NIW|3.0|I like this CD but i dont know... i like white pony way more. I love the last track but then you have to forward through a 20 minute mute... well pretty good cd... but White pony is way better
B000002MY3|5.0|There are so many tracks on this album that are quality music. This was my introduction to Alanis' music and over the years I've watched her grow up, physically and metaphysically, and she's come a long way. Alanis isn't fake-y and she isn't just pulling a gimmick to get you to buy her albums (unlike Madonna, with the exception of Ray of Light by Madonna). Alanis has a pretty good website too, so if you're a fan, you should probably check that out as well. As a lyricist, her writing is somewhat subtle... some people may think the words are meaningless or insane, but really the meaning is deep and thoughtful. I appreciate her not treating her fans like they are brainless robots, there is much more to Alanis than first appearances would lead you to believe. In fact, of all the &quot;stars&quot; out there, if I could meet any of them, I would choose Alanis.<br />And yeah, I'd be so embarrassed if she read this. hehe
B00004Z400|5.0|I got this cd along time ago. First song i heard was Change very mellow and very eerie over all the CD is just nuts. chino has the craziet mellow yet screechy vocals which really brings this album alive
B000002B30|5.0|Bruce Springsteen (if he authorized this album) has outdone himself. Not only is this a great collectable for diehards, but if you've never heard the Boss, this will turn you on to his music in a second.....the second it begins......    1. Born To Run - ***** - Classified under one word: Classic! Absolutely brilliant desperation track that made everybody love Springsteen in the seventies - and why not?    2. Thunder Road - ***** - Intro to the \\"Born To Run\\" album with harmonica that somehow became the centerpoint of the entire song    3. Badlands - ***** - Began the record \\"Darkness On The Edge Of Town,\\" and anyone can say it is still the one of the better tracks after twenty years. Lyrically, it speaks of hard times and living through them    4. The River - ****1/2 - A saddening story (told in the first person), speaking of lost innocence and regrets. Greatly, a powerful ballad    5. Hungry Heart - ***** - Definitely one of my favorites. A tale about a husband and father that left his family (sort of) and Springsteen originally wrote it for the Ramones    6. Atlantic City - ***1/2 - Not one of my favorites, but another good acoustic story about gangsterism in Jersey    7. Dancing In The Dark - ***** - The second track I ever heard from Springsteen and remains as one of his best, in my opinion. A great song to sing along to    8. Born In The USA - ***** - His greatest anthem. Period. There has never been a better patriotic/painful jam in E-Street history. The primary reason that immortalized the album and defines why he's called \\"THE BOSS\\"    9. My Hometown - ***1/2 - I don't really listen to this song to much, but it's a good song that makes you appreciate where you were raised    10. Glory Days - ***** - The very first track I heard from him. It's, of course, about his high-school glory days. It's also the couch-potato's anthem. There's so much thickness (musically) in this song that you can't pick what your favorite musical \\"part\\" is, from the vocals to the keyboards to the percussion to.....anything! But my favorite part of the song is at the end when Boss and the backing singer are exchanging \\"exclaimations\\", like \\"Alright!\\"s and \\"Ooh-Yeah!\\"s    11. Brilliant Disguise - *** - The song is better than the video    12. Human Touch - **** - Pretty cool song that somehow also reminds you of where you grew up (musically), that is, if you were raised in a small town, like me    13. Better Days - **** - The title says it all. Bruce hasn't been this good since '84 (Born In The USA)    14. Streets of Philadelphia - **** - The key change in this song is immortal. Everybody knows it. As soon as they hear it, even if their not a fan, they'll remember this key change.    15. Murder Incorporated - ***** - This is, without a doubt, his greatest triumph since Born In The USA. A very Richie Sambora sounding track, possibly because of the telecaster sound....    16. Secret Garden - *** - Another track that I don't listen to very much    17. Blood Brothers - **** - Sounds a lot like MY HOMETOWN in a different key    18. This Hard Land - **** - Okay song that also sounds a lot like Richie Sambora, this time probably because of the vocals and organ    But then of course, most greatest hits compilations leave off at least one, if not several, of the artist's best. Several top ten hits, even number ones, were missing from this one. For this album those missing include:  1. I'm On Fire - \\"Born In The USA\\" 1984  2. Cover Me - \\"Born In The USA\\" 1984  3. Rosalita (Come Out Tonight) - \\"The Wild, The Innocent, and The E-Street Shuffle\\" 1973  4. No Surrender - \\"Born In The USA\\" 1984  5. Fade Away - \\"The River\\" 1980  6. Point Blank - \\"The River\\" 1980  7. Tunnel of Love - \\"Tunnel of Love\\" 1987  8. One Step Up - \\"Tunnel of Love\\" 1987   9. Growin' Up  10. Trapped - \\"We Are The World (Various Artists)\\" 1985  11. I'm Goin' Down - \\"Born In The USA\\" 1984  12. 57 Channels - \\"Human Touch\\" 1992                           Plus More              Anyway, If you don'thave this album, GET IT. There are few reasons not to: 1. You can't pay for it  2. You don't have a CD/Tape player  3. You just don't like music. Now, what was your excuse?
B000062YAZ|5.0|word i love this album the best songs are basically all of them!!! great cd and this is slayer at their best.
B00024BHTC|5.0|Nightwish does what few other bands can, they create an atmosphere, a mood with their music.  With their new release, Once, they do it once again.  I am a big fan of Oceanborn and Wishmaster, and I liked Century Child too, but Once is a much different album than their previous work.  I think it's much better than Century Child, and slightly better than Wishmaster, but it's really a toss up between Once and Oceanborn.  I love the style of Once because of the orchestra and symphonic elements.  It adds a depth to Nightwish that they always seemed to be missing.  IMO Ghost Love Score is the  best song Nightwish has EVER written. It's just beautiful and that can be credited to the orchestra featured in it.  Oceanborn is plain and simple classic Nightwish and is probably the place to start with Nightwish.  The first time I heard Gethsemane I was hooked.  After countless listens to both albums I would have to say they are BOTH my favorite Nightwish albums.  Other people reviewing are complaining that they have &quot;changed too much since Oceanborn&quot;.  It's natural maturity of the band, and they are definitely maturing in the right direction.  I think people would get tired of Nightwishs' sound if they kept reproducing Oceanborns.  All in all, Once stands as one of my favorite albums in my collection.  It grabs you and takes you away, into Nightwishs' world, and it will keep you there for some time.
0440180295|5.0|This book though one of the less artistic from Vonnegut, it however, is one of the most poignant. The great adventure of a WWII veteran seeking both a story to tell in his book and a rationale for all the people who died there. \\"So it goes.\\" Vonnegut takes us in the psyche of many a soldier who served in that fateful war. His characters are so human and realistic that it is not hard to get involved with the story. The author, since he found wars to be utterly and shamelessly stupid and pointless, found a rationale and consolation in an explanation given to one of the character in a planet millions of light-years away. Among other things, Vonnegut shows us how time travel is already possible and we all can achieve it by just thinking about it. <BR>This books is a great satire and quite funny at times. What forbids it from being funnier is the fact that the subject matter is indeed very serious and depressing. A must for modern meta-fiction readers.
B0000AMRJC|5.0|Scarface has always been a favorite!  The DVD features a documentary on the movie's influence on the hip-hop culture.<br /><br />True GANGSTA<br /><br />This is the story of that infamous American dream ironically it's shown from the eyes of a Cuban immigrant Tony Montana played by Al Pacino.  He arrives on Miami's shores with a large wave of Cuban immigrants in the early 80's.  He makes contact in the world of the cocaine trade and quickly rises up in the ranks, including taking over his bosses organization as well as his mistress.  The world he had to have is also the reason for his downfall.<br /><br />I TRULY LOVE THIS MOVIE...........
B000002IMG|5.0|after banging heads with The Legacy, Testament returns with another bunch of intense, headbanging tunes. one of the first things you'll notice is that in only one year, these guys have matured so much in their music. it's a lot more melodic and controlled. not to say it isn't good because it is, but it's a little different. chuck's singing is a little more mature and he doesn't shriek as much. louie's drumming isn't as fast but still good. however, eric(rhythm guitar) and greg(bass) both make their instruments heard on this one. and what about one of metal's most underrated guitarists, alex skolnick? man, he seems to have gotten BETTER.but anyways, enough of my rambling.let's read on...<br />1.Eerie Inhabitants-don't let that melodic intro fool you, this song will have you moshing in no time.and just listen to those lyrics. really a wakeup call for all of us about the world we live in. gotta love alex's solo on here man that is catchy.(he's 19 years old on this album might i add)<br />2.The New Order-what a catchy chorus.probably the first testament chorus i sang in the shower. man listen to those heavy guitar sounds. if you think korn has heavy guitars, you have not heard these. very heavy for 1988. alex let's that guitar fu*king WAIL on his solo. the song tells about the apocalypse. (that's what it is to me)<br />3.Trial by Fire-starts off distant and melodic, but then out of nowhere..BOOM! the song starts off. this song is a bit more midpaced,but still heavy. man how does eric make his guitar sound so HEAVY?<br />4.Into the Pit-killer speed metal.greg really lets loose with that bass on here. just listen to that fast,pounding beat louie has going here. chuck sings pretty damn fast here. speaking of fast just dig that solo.<br />5.Hypnosis-man how does alex do it? a two minute instrumental filled with VERY haunting guitar sounds by alex. this song can really send chills down your spine.<br />6.Disciples of the Watch-more haunting guitar sounds in the intro but then all of a sudden, you get struck down by those heavy riffs.chuck simply lets loose on this song. if you think your precious rappers spit out lyrics fast,then i'd like you to meet chuck billy! i think this might be alex's best solo on the album. very evil lyrics (it's based on Children of the Corn.)<br />7.The Preacher-THE PREACHERRRR!!!man chuck shrieks his heart out on this one. you thought he was fast before just listen to him here.i run out of breath just listening to him. cool lyrics too, it tells about a preacher making predictions. eric's guitar is probably at its heaviest here.<br />8.Nobody's Fault-i'll be honest here,i've never heard Aerosmith's version but this version ain't bad. the song kind of has a 1970s rock and roll vibe,as does alex's solo.ever hear chuck trying to sing a steven tyler song?pretty funny.<br />9.A Day of Reckoning-don't get me wrong this is a cool thrash song, but it seems kind of flat and dull compared to the rest.<br />10.Musical Death(A Dirge)-nice ending.alex shows such emotion when he picks up that guitar, you can totally tell that he was in a world of his own and he was so different from other thrash guitarists. this song was dedicated to a friend of theirs named Letty Csengeri(can anyone tell me who this is?) <br />man this is one hell of an album. if you liked The Legacy, you'll LOVE this one. i said The Legacy was like Kill em All. well i think The New Order is like Ride the Lightning. both albums showed musical growth for their bands and that they were not afraid to mature and make a name for themselves and not be just another metal band. and who would have thought that both bands had their best still in them? Metallica had Master of Puppets and Testament had Practice What You Preach. yeah PWYP is killer guys trust me, after you hear Testament's first two albums you HAVE to get that one, but that will be abother whole review. <br />enjoy The New Order my fellow metalheads!!!
B00003CXAA|5.0|THE GODFATHER DVD COLLECTION I must say this will be the crown jewel in any DVD collection!  Some of the greatest actors of all time...Al Pacino, Marlon Brando, Robert DeNiro, Robert Duvall, Talia Shire and Diane Keaton.<br /><br />Witnessing as Al Pacino's character, Michael Corleone transforms is by far the greatest achievement. He starts off as an innocent young man who's opposed to living like his father and in a blink of an eye he's at the head of the most powerful crime organization.<br /><br />&quot;The Family&quot; is as much of a corporate empire than any other legit company out there.  Because times have changed &quot;The Family&quot; must also restructure.  That transition is from liquor to drugs. Michael's long-term goal is eventually to be legitimate.  But as soon as he reaches out &quot;The Family&quot; pulls him right back in!<br /><br />GANGSTA WAY TO THE BONES!
B0000DZ3IG|5.0|I wasn't sure if all the tracks I wanted would be on this one, but they are!  There are 17 total, including All I Want for Christmas.  This is a wonderfully put together soundtrack.
1400031362|4.0|In the third installment of the No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency, Mma Ramotswe faces new challenges that give this book a slightly different twist.  In this story the focus seems to be more on the ever changing quality of Precious Ramotswe's life and the people in it rather than the cases that come into the agency.  I missed Mr. J.L.B. Maketoni and his quiet gentleness in this book, as he was indisposed throughout most of the story with a mysterious illness. Mma Makutsi and her new job as the manager of Tlokweng Road Speedy Motors and assistant detective figure prominently in the storyline.  The reader learns more about her personal life, what drives her and her unique thoughts on the state of society especially the status of women. The mysteries are less obvious and a little less satisfying when resolved.  What the reader is given is some beautiful philosophicial prose on the nature of the human condition as Mme Ramtoswe and Mme Matkusi each ponder the intricacies of their cases.  I enjoyed this book, although somewhat different.  Perhaps, as a reader  I must come to  expect that each book in the series is unique in its own way.  McCall Smith has again created a wonderful story that quietly interweaves the African culture, traditions and communities into a story that touches us no matter where we live.
0452281881|4.0|Have you ever worked in an office? If so, you will recognize a lot of the stuff going on in the Miller-Shanks Advertising Firm. The story takes place during a few weeks in January 2000, where everybody is supposed to be busy with a new campaing for Coke. But of course, a lot of other things goes on, and we get to know a whole lot of funny, annoying, loveable and crazy persons in the firm. The whole story is told through the e-mails the different people send to each other, and it is a very funny read. Some may argue that this 'e-mail-form' haas been done before, but thsi book was written some years ago, and I think the idea was new back then.<br />A very quick read that makes you want to read more about those persons.
B00006879E|5.0|I finally bought this recently because I was going to see them in concert &amp; wanted to know more than two songs.  I'm kicking myself now for waiting so long.  I have listened to this CD straight thru about 20 times in the last week alone.  The blend of blues, funk, rock, &amp; pop is brilliant.  &quot;Sunday Morning&quot; is such laid back groove you could listen to it over and over.  Same with &quot;Sweetest Goodbye&quot;.  &quot;Tangle&quot; &amp; &quot;Harder to Breathe&quot; have a hard, funk, rock edge.<br />The lyrics on this album are incredible, from deep love to bitter regret.  It reaches every emotion you face in a relationship.  This is definately one of my favorite albums I've heard in the last 5 years.  It's nice to see new artists bring in the influence of yesterday's legands.
1572814136|5.0|I just received my copy of this deck, and so far I really enjoy it.  I've been reading tarot for nearly 8 years now, beginning with the Rider-Waite deck.  I've always appreciated the symbolism of \\"the old standby\\" deck, and the drawings were nicely done, but the flat coloring was a little hard on the eyes.  It was fine on symbolic levels, but the harsh colors left something to be desired.<br />I'm very happy with this rendition.  From what I can tell, every bit of the standard symbolism is in place, and the new coloring job is wonderful.  While not photo-realistic by any stretch (nor should it be, in my opinion), the images now have shading, depth, and subtlety to the palette.  This makes reading the cards a more enjoyable experience overall.<br />Also, the back of the cards is nice in an understated sort of way: small yellow stars on a navy background.  This is much better than my original Waite deck, with a rather horrible blue and black pinstripe-plaid motif against a white background.  It looked rather akin to a really bad tablecloth at an Italian restaurant.  The new star field, if a bit new-age-trendy, is much easier on the eyes.  Its subtlety insures that the face-down deck won't distract from the spread you're reading.<br />From a readability standpoint, it's roughly the same as standard Waite, since all of the symbolism is identical.  For experienced readers, you'll feel right at home.  Newcomers will pick it up in no time, though I'd advise getting a second book to teach you the standard meanings until you get on your feet.  The accompanying book isn't bad, but is a quick-and-dirty version and hardly exhaustive. <br />The 5-star review is basing this deck on what it's supposed to be: a rendition of a classic.  As such, it serves its purpose admirably.  However, the Waite deck is not my favorite set of symbolism, and thus would get a 4-star rating in a general review.  You could do a lot worse (trust me, I have).<br />One last note: Like other reviewers, Idid notice an odd smell to the cards.  Working in the print industry (as a designer), I was able to identify it.  The smell isn't just residual odor from the manufacturing process or the wrapping; it's the cardstock coating itself, the stuff that makes the cards shiny and durable.  Also, my deck arrived when the outdoor temperature was about 90 degrees, and the cards were slightly sticky due to the coating.  Not nearly enough to damage the cards, it just felt like some of them were vacuum-sealed to each others, and gave a little resistance the very first time I shuffled.  After that, it was perfectly fine.  If the aroma distracts, just let it air out.  You may want to try laying all of the cards out, flat, for a few days, rather than keeping them in their box, pressed against each other so the coating can never air out properly.  To me, this isn't a big enough gripe to detract from the deck at all.<br />Overall, a good buy.  If you have the Rider-Waite deck and are perfectly satisfied, you could safely pass this by.  But if you're looking for a good rendition of the classic with a bit more \\"life\\" to the cards, whether you're new to tarot or looking to branch out, I haven't seen a better version.
0802130208|4.0|I think this is a well written book with the potential for greatness, but falls just shy. Unfortunately Toole died so young. He could have gone on to write flawless work.    The main character is one you will think about at random times, at unexpected moments. He's a caricature , true, but unfortunately one so true to life that you'll find yourself chuckling to yourself while visiting your local bar or market. There goes another \\"Ignatius\\", doing something so foolish, so self-absorbed, so irresponsible. Pick this one up. You'll thank yourself later.
B0000DD7LB|1.0|But B.S. from her &quot;music *lol* !<br />Britney blows. You know it, I know it, and the world knows it! She's the Vanilla Ice of pop. Why isn't she a has-been like him by now, I'll never know? Oh wait, I do know...<br />She barely wears any clothes, that's why.<br />OK, granted she's ok-looking, so she's not a complete waste of space as a human being. That's what the 1 star is for. *lol*<br />The End. 'Nuff said.<br />P.S.<br />Customers who bought these also bought...<br />Kidz Bop and Barney's Greatest Hits. HA HA!
B00028HBKM|5.0|In terms of raw emotional impact, this may be one of the most affecting movies ever.  The movie's score is beautiful and lush(it definatly borrows from Peter Gabriel's previous score), and although I do admit the movie is very violent, it couldn't be any other way.  This was a real life execution, and kudos to Gibson for portraying it probably the way it was.  <BR>As for the ignorant reviewer who chose to say \\"most Americans like to pretend there's a god\\"...  Hey, good luck with that.
B0000DD7LC|5.0|I got this CD for christmas not wanting it.. but i listend to it and i fell in love with alicia key's music. I can listen to the whole cd without skipping one song! Her voice and style are unique for todays singers.  I would recomend this to anyone who enjoys real music!
B0006Z2KIY|3.0|After the tearjerker film, A WALK TO REMEMBER, and reading Sparks books, THE RESCUE and A BEND IN THE ROAD, I was hesitant about suffering through so much emotion.  The music chosen by Aaron Zigman was well done. In one party scene, Count Basie performed, later on the soundtrack there is 'Opus One' and 'Where or When' which add to the atmosphere.  The star of this movie looked like a young Richard Chamberlain when he played the priest in THE THORN BIRDS. The girl's mother looked like an old Lee Remick.  <br /> <br />There was a beautiful sunset over the lake. In the beginning there are seagulls flying in from the water. Then the place is full of white ducks which she feeds, like I used to do for a bunch of geese not so long ago. At the end there are seven geese flying in formation over the old Windsor Plantation (about 250 years old) which he had redone to suit the woman he had loved 'with all my heart and soul.' They'd met on June 6, 1940, at a carnival similar to the East Tennessee Valley Fair held each fall in Knoxville; he took her to the Buster Keeton movie, LIL ABNER, at the American Theater in a dumpy little place sorta like Middlesboro, KY. There we witnessed the vulgarity of the ultra rich. The debataute wore hooker's shoes. Their strip tease scene was emotional in the old mansion; it was like a soap opera on t.v. with lots of heavy breathing.  This was about young love, with seventeen yr. old emotions.  A lost love is always tearful; a renewed love a marvel to behold. Nothing is lost forever, fires will flame again: paraphrased from Walt Whitman. There was some nudity, the row of naked men was just plain silly. The nude artist was just as crude. He was not afraid to hurt her feelings (like someone I know) and they were always at odds, not agreeing about anything.  <br /> <br />Time flies when you're lost as she was later in life; he told her as they read the Notebook of his Memories together, \\"You just went away for a little while.\\" The Empire Theater in New York was nice.  Supposedly about a common man with common thoughts, I find him to be very uncommon. A person can get used to anything, if given enough time. Gena Rowlands and James Garner, seasoned actors, did a commendable job as the oldsters. Sam Shepard is also in this movie.  It just proves the Lakota belief ...that miracles no matter how unbelievable, are real and can happen.... I've had a couple of miracles of my own.  He's a good writer and sometimes I have wondered where he finds his material; this story was based on his wife's grandparents. Now, we know. Fiction is mostly about real people.  The ending is bittersweet.
B00005U8EM|3.0|Groundhog Day was filmed in my hometown, Woodstock Illinois (NOT Pennsylvania)!  Yes, this town is really as pretty as seen in the movie.  Come visit us sometime...you won't be sorry!  Oh, and the movie was pretty good, but I got a little &quot;snoozy&quot; at the repetive nature of it (and,yes, I know it was supposed to be that way).  Overall, not a bad flick.
B000002UA9|5.0|When I first considered buying this album, I was a bit skeptical. I had heard that the album was recorded in a day, and to me that just screamed bad production. The truth, however, is far from that.<br />Upon the first few notes of &quot;I Saw Her Standing There,&quot; you realize that you're not in for what you expected. This is a very clean-cut album, and though it isn't of the greatest sound quality (few Beatles albums are at this time), it doesn't really matter at all. The sound is smooth, pounding, and satisfying.<br />Though there aren't many original songs here (8 total), you won't be able to tell much difference between them and the covers. Except for that the originals, not surprisingly, are usually better. The only misstep on the album is the track &quot;A Taste of Honey,&quot; which is just way too syrupy (no pun intended) for their sound. The rest of the tracks fit together well, and makes a fine addition to your music collection. Though I'd recommend that you also check out Beatles albums such as &quot;Revolver&quot; and &quot;Sgt. Peppers...&quot; to see what the Beatles are truly capable of.
B0001LJC2K|5.0|Muse is known for its smash hits, seeing how everything they have ever sold in Europe has gone at least gold and mostly platinum. This being the third release in an amazing string of success by Muse it is getting harder and harder not to hear about them. While Showbiz and Origin of Symmetry have been compared to Radiohead, Matt Bellamey and his group are now starting to stray into their own unique style with Absolution. <br />The album starts with a suprising crescendo of pounding footsteps, riveting in its own beat to imitate the thunder of soldiers marching. Suddenly heavy chords on a piano and earthshaking drums are sounded and the song takes off. This fresh begining basically sets the stage for doom and gloom as they delve deep into warnings of the apocalypse and reflections of ruined love. <br />Though some criticized Matt's &quot;whiny&quot; vocals in the past, the songs are becoming more and more appropriate, with high overvoicing thoughout the song with lower background singing. Classical fans will immediatly notice similarities between Sergie Rachmaninoff and Muse, specifically Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 2 and Absolution's Butterflies and Hurricanes, which is a big reason musicians and composer's love the band for getting back to the roots of Western music.<br />Really the only solid reason to base disinterest amongst Muse is for its cliched lyrics. Sorry guys, but we've heard it before; they've definitely improved, anyone who measured the poetic device of their previous album Showbiz can remember the forced rhyming. But that in no way means don't buy it, rather revel in its refreshing and unique musical originality.<br />This is the band to watch, if Muse can put out another solid album like the three previous you can count on blockbuster North American sales (something that has always been lagging) and some serious airtime play. I love this album and declare it a must-buy.
034537410X|4.0|This is the book which introduced me in a serious way to lucid dreaming. I appreciate much of what Stephen has written. Two reservations I want to bring up though:<br />a) like some previous reviewers have stated he doesn't provide much  in the way of philosophy, here, and his model (not very Freudian,BTW), leaves something to be desired...namely that it seems to me to apply equally to waking consciousness as it does to dreaming consciousness and thus loses a state-specific account. Basically, he is a scientist doing science, not a philosopher considering the meaning (along similar lines J Allan Hobson has some good science books on sleep and dreaming).<br />b)It could be just me but a lot of the induction techniques seem to work on novelty. I am now quite skeptical about claims that  anyone can learn to have lucid dreams at will, as LaBerge implies. The problem is the time invested curve. For many, I believe, learning this mental skill to that point would require many years of intensive effort, if at all. Basically, most people on the internet who write on this subject, upon examination, are themselves &quot;beginners&quot;, and very few, if any, claim such mastery. Lucid dreaming is great fun, and, I agree, has a lot of potential, but the prominent techniques used today, I am now convinced, fall short of achieving this potential so often talked about.
B000002UJQ|5.0|When Radiohead defied expectations by topping The Bends release, music fans around the world were assured that Radiohead is more than just a mixed-up band caught up in the the post-Kurt era.<br />There isn't a bad song on the CD, each with its own unique message yet collectively sounding a theme of angst and cold-hearted feelings. Where most bands were becoming more and more emotional, Thom York and his group completely ignore the stage they set in The Bends and Pablo Honey and don a meloncholic hat of being unaware.<br />Radiohead, never known for breathtaking lyrics blast open the doors with almost Anglo-Saxon verse and messages to fit the style, practically bashing the face of all current sappy lines read in todays lukewarm field of music. <br />Personally I'd recommend seeing 'Meeting People is Easy', a short movie about Radiohead on the road right after releasing the CD. I heartily approve anyone buying this album, the best Radiohead has yet given us.
6305165912|5.0|I loved this movie.  In typical Coen Brothers fashion, the story line is secondary to the quirky characters developed.  Jeff Bridges is great as the Dude and John Goodman is absolutly hilarious as Walter.  If your in to the Coen Brothers sence of humor, don't miss this one.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|The thing with this CD is that it needs all attention. I've not really been a fan of Britney's before and neither am I one now but I cannot deny that I do enjoy some of her songs. <BR>I've never owned any of her CDs until now. First there was Me against the Music. Although it didn't too well in the charts and was the reason for the average sale of the album, I've liked this one.<BR>Then came Toxic which has to be a classic pop single. I was surprised that two continous decent singles of Britney had been released. I decided that I would get the album only after listening to the third single. It was Everytime. A song that I would definitly include in my top ten fav. ballads. <BR>The album is good. It is filled with catchy tunes and beats and a couple of decent ballads and a couple of hit material stuff (Toxic, Breathe on me). It reaches out to a different class of music listeners. <BR>It can also easily be critiszed because of her vocal inability, the fact that the artist (...) strips on stage. She has an unusually large amount of haters who are either jealous of her or are big rock fans/ old pop music fans who are just irritated with her personality, some of them who satisfy themselves be posting pointless hate reviews here. Those are the people who don't believe in giving her a chance and consider every song she releases to be trash without listening to it.<BR>I am not a big crazy fan of hers but I do appreciate her current music a lot. Worth the buy.
0800177363|5.0|I don't know how this wonderful movie ever got made. It's not a feel good movie. It's got Robert DeNiro but he's not playing a tough guy. It's got Robin Williams but he's not being funny. But I'm glad that whoever pushed for it did so. And I'm glad Hollywood relented. AWAKENINGS is a quietly powerful movie of enormous depth and passion. Anyone who has seen the movie has been affected by it. <br />Based on Oliver Sack's book, AWAKENINGS recounts the story of a miracle that occurred in a New York hospital during the mid-1960s. Bucking the system and believing in his theory, Williams' character brings back a dozen patients who appear catatonic--DeNiro being one of them. Through massive applications of the drug L-Dopa, the patients revive and take sheer joy out of just simple tasks. Although the sad ending has been given away by others, I feel the film remains a positive story. It is about human endurance and also about the joys we some times take for granted.
B00004Y9PP|4.0|When I first heard of this movie, and when I first heard of Vin Diesel for that matter, I figured another special effects movie with a deep-voiced hunk and not much else.  Imagine my surprise when I actually enjoyed it.  Now, this is a dark movie -- in every sense of the word.<br />Diesel plays Riddick, a man on the run from just about every bounty hunter in the galaxy.  He is being transported in chains back to prison when the ship he's on crash lands on an unknown planet.  However, someone had discovered it earlier, as evidenced by a seemingly abandoned site.  But there are monsters on the wing, which our travelers find out to their sorrow.  Riddick, the anti-hero seems to be the only one who can save them.  But can he be trusted?<br />This is a better than average sf/horror movie, with good casting, and a truly scary monster.  Well worth seeing.
B0000787FH|5.0|I remember reading an interview in 1982 where Elvis Costello expressed his desire to have someone like Frank Sinatra cover his tunes (as opposed to Linda Ronstadt). Out of that urge came IMPERIAL BEDROOM, and it shows wonderfully. Whether Elvis Costello was simply maturing or just displaying a side of his songwriting talent that he had to suppress for so long, I couldn't say. But IMPERIAL BEDROOM was certainly an ambitious and far-reaching album. &quot;Man Out of Time&quot;, &quot;Shabby Doll&quot; and &quot;Beyond Belief&quot; are incredibly brilliant compositions that, frankly, stunned me back in 1982. I couldn't get over the mix of sophistication and drama in these melodies. While I knew Costello was incredibly talented, I honestly didn't know he had such range.<br />I don't think that Ol' Blue Eyes even bothered to listen to anything on this album--seriously doubt it. But for my money, just for the first few songs alone, this cd is worth every penny.
0790739909|1.0|No affense or anything, but i don't like meg ryan. Her films are entirely boring, i think she as ruined herself abit by her surgery, and i would feel sorry for any pretty actress who had the same. God bless mine hasn't had anything done.
B00000JWV4|5.0|When I attended the Writers' Workshop at the University of Iowa, we were given one rule: &quot;Never write about Christmas, the circus or baseball.&quot; The reasoning was that these three topics were just too ingrained in the American psyche, they were too iconic, and that they had been used too often. Well, I'm glad that Ray Kinsella (author of the book &quot;Field of Dreams&quot;) and screenwriter Phil Alden Robinson didn't attend the Iowa Writers' Workshop.<br />FIELD OF DREAMS is a marvelous examination of America's infatuation with baseball and a moving exploration of family loyalties. Ray (as sensitively played by Kevin Costner) has a loving wife (Amy Madigan, making it look so easy) and a doting daughter, but something is missing. A voice tells him that he must build a baseball field in his corn crop (in Iowa!). When he does, the apparition of Shoeless Joe Jackson (Ray Liotta) shows up to play. What follows is a series of baseball adventures on and off Ray's baseball diamond, as well as in and out of the present day. Eventually, it becomes apparent that what was missing in Ray's life can only be addressed through baseball, and through a cultural icon from his past, played by the ubiquitous James Earl Jones. <br />When everything is resolved, there's a bit of throwaway dialogue that, in reality, is very moving. &quot;It was you,&quot; Ray tells Shoeless Joe Jackson in reference to the voice he'd heard early in the film. &quot;No, it was YOU,&quot; Jackson replies, indicating that  <BR>Ray's conscience prompted the entire adventure. Don't let anyone tell you that FIELD OF DREAMS is just a baseball movie. That would be like someone telling you that baseball is just a game.
B000068PQ0|5.0|wow. ok,i can't say this is my favorite band... but i love listening to this cd... and i lost the damn thing. but till i can scrape up some money to buy it again, i just keep listening to the 30 second samples on amazon. yeah i know pathetic. when i first heard flaming lips, i was really suprised at how unique their music was. some of there songs remind me of an addictive video game beat you can't get out of your head while others are more melodic... the weird thing about this cd is that i can put it on low and go to sleep with it on or put it on high and get all &quot;pumped up&quot;. the only other cd i've heard from the flaming lips is soft bulletin which is good too but in no way does it compare to yoshimi battles the pink robots. my favorite song is &quot;yoshimi battles the pink robot part 2&quot; i think it's called (sorry, remember i haven't listened to the cd in a while)i love it when yoshimi screams at the top of her lungs... i get chills all over... get it or regret it
B0000256VK|5.0|Using the legend of King Arthur's final, dying voyage to Avalon for its name and cover art, Roxy Music bid its fans farewell with this hopelessly romantic, completely beautiful album.  There's no point on trying to embellish on what most of the other reviewers have already mentioned about AVALON but I'm compelled to say that while I have been a Roxy Music fan for a long, long time, I have not been much of a fan of the heavily produced, synthesizer ladened songs that proliferated in the early 80s (read Flock of Sea Gulls, Human League, etc.). But AVALON was much different. Some of the songs here are textured and layered, but not bogged down. There's an airiness to other tunes but they don't become insubstantial or gossamer. <br />Overall, it's the intelligence of the lyrics that really separated AVALON from just about everything else back then. The twin themes of mortality and desire pervade most of the tunes on the first half of the album. But Bryan Ferry doesn't wallow in self-pity for long. Just when the songs start to appear to be downers, along comes &quot;To Turn You On&quot;, an incredibly upbeat, love ballad. While its theme of salvation through passion is not new, its sincerity and romance is. I'm glad that Ferry made room for some of the positive aspects of life. And I'm glad that the music world of the early 1980s made room for AVALON.
B000002IOJ|5.0|Testament was lumped in with all the Metallica &quot;wanna-be&quot;s back in the mid-to-late 80s, which was unfortunate, because this album resembled Metallica only in the sense that it was thrash metal. This album stands up just fine on its own, and comparisons to Master of Puppets are just unnecessary. The sounds are very different, from the bass guitar to the drums, to Chuck Billy's vocals.<br />The standout tracks on this album, for me, are: &quot;Practice What You Preach,&quot; &quot;Perilous Nation&quot; (which has a nifty, jazzy little outro), &quot;Sins of Omission&quot; (an awesome, frantic thrash song), &quot;The Ballad&quot; (a nice acoutic bit that builds up to a great heavy ending), and &quot;Nightmare (Coming Back to You)&quot; (a blast of thrash).<br />The guitars, while generally going for that coveted late-80s  &quot;heaviest of metal&quot; (insert sign of the devil here) sound, always maintain a subconsciously jazzy edge and Chuck Billy's voice is a nice compliment to them. The only thing I might have ever had a tiny gripe about was the &quot;clickety&quot;-ness of the kick drums. It would have been nice to put a little bass in there.<br />Overall, though, Practice What You Preach belongs on the shelf next to Master of Puppets, Peace Sells...but Who's Buying?, and Among the Living as some of great early thrash albums.<br />Get it if ya ain't got it!
B000001FTD|4.0|This is widely considered to be Anthrax's best work.  The lyrics at first turned me off but I've grown to like the album after a few listens.  The intentionally silly lyrics are a nice contrast to other classic thrash with serious, but often unintelligent lyrics.
B000294SFW|5.0|Well Motorhead will have been around in one form or another for thirty years next year. Most bands by now would be regurgitating old songs on an occasional tour with older fans remembering seeing them when they still rocked. Not Motorhead. If anything, they are getting better and I was blown away by this album. I would disagree with many other reviewers and side with Lemmy; this isn't heavy metal, it's good old fashioned rock 'n' roll but faster and louder. Each track is a joy. I had the second track Killers playing today (5th listen to an album I only bought two days ago) and a girl I know who was never previously a Motorhead fan walked in and said 'This Rocks!'. Need I say more???
B000001EEN|5.0|I don't want to repeat the same praises most reviewers have sung.  I will say that this was obviously a special evening, and a love letter from Pete to Eric.  It came at a time when Pete and others probably were deeply worried about Eric and did not want to see him become another rock-n-roll casualty.   Two years earlier, the whirlwind sixties were over, the Domino's cratered, and Eric was shooting junk at a cost of $1500 a week and did nothing but watch TV.  Because of this, part of the beauty of this concert lies not with it's technical merits, but the overall spirit of Pete's gesture.  I heard that Eric still battled heroin addiction after this concert, so it wasn't a cure for him, but it sure must have been wonderful to see him come out of his doldrums and put on a fine show.  Sure, the band at times was sloppy, but it doesn't matter. It doesn't make it unenjoyable. It makes it real and human, and Pete's stage banter is pure Pete, and makes for a very unusual Clapton concert.<br />I am impressed with Pete's musical contributions on stage as well.  He provides a powerful rhythm guitar and backing vocals, making each song rock as hard as ever, especially on &quot;Blues Power&quot;, &quot;Tell The Truth&quot;, and &quot;Little Wing&quot;.  I don't think Ron Wood really needed to be there, but the gesture was nice.  Eric's guitar playing isn't as electrifying as his work on the live segments of Cream's Goodbye and Wheels of Fire albums, but his singing is strikingly beautiful. His singing on &quot;Badge&quot;, &quot;Little Wing&quot;, and &quot;Bell Bottom Blues&quot; will make you cry; Very delicate and soulful.   Pete's backing vocals are way better than Bobby Whitlock's work with the Dominos, and Steve Winwood's presence was perfect.  His piano and organ are very understated and wonderful on &quot;Little Wing&quot; and &quot;Bell Bottom Blues&quot;.  Eric even steps aside and lets Steve take the lead vocal on &quot;Presence of the Lord&quot; and &quot;Pearly Queen&quot;, and Pete even takes a few lead vocal lines on &quot;Tell The Truth&quot;.  You almost have a Blind Faith reunion if Ginger had showed up, but they were better off with a solid Capaldi on drums, and not the flashy Baker, who was probably in a heroin hell of his own somewhere.<br />I would not worry about the reviewer who criticized the sound quality.  It sounds fine. Focus more on the historical importance of the night and Eric's fine singing, playing, and supporting cast. Imagine if Jimi had lived longer and been in a two year drug rampage and then showed up for a great show.  It reminds me of Bob Dylan coming out of his shell at the Concert for Bangladesh and Isle of Wight.  It just must have been great to see Eric again and hear him play and sing so well.  I would buy this CD. I am always playing it in my car.  &quot;After Midnight&quot; is not that great, but the aforementioned songs deserve repeated listening. Enjoy.  Also, go buy Traffic's On The Road if you like Steve on this CD -Robert Taylor
B0001UL7RY|5.0|Under My Skin is a major improvement from her first album. She co-wrote with Clif Magness, Chantal Kreviazuk, Raine Maida, Butch Walker, Ben Moody, and her guitarist Evan Taubenfeld. The album definitely reflects how Avril is becoming a young, more mature women with more insights and personal experiences. Her lyrics have matured dramatically, just listen to Nobodys Home, which has an Evanescence ring to it. &amp;amp;quot;She wants to go home, but nobodys home. It's where she lies, broken inside.&amp;amp;quot; You cant help but be touched by Slipped Away, the song she wrote about her grandfather who passed away while she was touring. My favorite tracks on the album are Together, which shows a side of Avril i've never seen, Nobodys Home, Forgotten, Fall To Pieces, Slipped Away, and How Does It Feel. Every Avril fan should buy at least one copy, and non-Avril fans should definitely check it out. You might be surprised and find that Avril Lavigne is an amazing person with a great attitude that writes amazing lyrics. I cant wait to see what level her music will be on 10 years from now, with just two years she has grown so much as a person and an artist. Under My Skin is a perfect 10!
B00000DGUG|1.0|First look at the price of the used CDs. $2.00 for this is too much, but that's how much it will cost you if you want to subject yourself to yet another collection of Alanis Morissette's cacophonies. I for one really don't understand this. William Hung (the Idol reject) knows he can't sing, but he's at least humorous in his total lack of talent. Doesn't Alanis know she can't sing either? Seriously, does any one really think this woman has talent? It's a joke right? Perhaps it's just her &quot;edgy&quot; cat-in-heat, out-of-tune shrieking and whining (ref: Jagged Little Pill) that appeals to people with poor hearing. I actually feel sorry for her sometimes and wish someone would put this poor wailing animal (Alanis) out of its misery. I heard her on Good Morning America the other day when she performed Ella Fitzgerald's &quot;Let's fall in Love&quot; and it was so shamefully and absurdly bad I actually thought she was kidding. Alanis needs to retake Roseanne Barr's &quot;How to sing&quot; correspondence course. She obviously didn't learn anything the first time.
B00023BKMM|5.0|I really enjoyed Secret Window!  Johnny Depp's performance was star quality all the way.  Other cast members included Charles S. Dutton, John Turturro, Maria Bello and Timothy Hutton.<br />Depp plays Mort Rainey, a famous mystery writer, that is seperated from his beautiful wife.  His wife is anxiously awaiting him to sign the divorce papers since she has obviously taken him to the cleaners and has a new boyfriend too.  The new boyfriend seems just as anxious for Mort to be out of their lives, so that he can enjoy the wife and the money that she will get from the settlement.  Mort must still love his wife and really does not want to let go.  A mystery man shows up at his door claiming that Mort stole his story.  They haggle back and forth about who the true author of the story is.  John Shooter (the mystery man) speaks like a country hick and appears to have supernatural strength.  He wants the ending of the story changed and credit to him for writing it.  Mort seeks out the town's Sheriff and a few other trusted people to help him get rid of John Shooter.  John Shooter begins killing people that can help Mort in any shape or fashion.  He even kills the family dog with a screwdriver.  There even seems to be a tie between Shooter and the wife's boyfriend.  It appears that Shooter wants to frame Mort for all the murders if he does not change the story's ending.  Mort has flash backs that gives the viewer a hint of how to piece together this action packed, suspenful, thrilling puzzle.  I could not predict what was going on until the movie was ready to reveal who the true killer was.  It took a twist that had me on the edge of my seat.  As Mort was eating that corn and looking out the secret window, it made me not want to eat any corn on the cob soon.<br />This is one you must see!  Two thumbs up and a few toes too!
1400034779|4.0|The No. 1 ladies' detective agency proves that a book does<br />not have to explain everything to be popular. Smith uses Botswana as the setting for the detective agency. The detective<br />whose first name is Precious is proud to be an African. She is<br />also very independent and does not need a man to help her<br />solve her cases. Many of the places she travels to will be<br />unknown to her American readers. But that's OK. You can just let<br />the African places just slide by.<br />A good and light read.
1592400876|3.0|The bit that stuck out like a sore thumb was her lack of research on the history of the apostrophe, specifically when it indicates possession. Jessica from Illinois gets it right: the 's is most likely the remnant of the Old English genitive singular ending for strong nouns -\\"es\\". Didn't Ms. Truss talk to any English professors or linguistics scholars? How about the web?<br />(...)<br />With that aside, it was still entertaining and informative. I'm still rooting for the Oxford comma, as she calls it.
B000092ZYX|3.0|Salivating at the mouth, I bought this album upon its release.  The Bends thru Kid A may be the greatest 3 in-a-row album stretch in music history.  I was very much hoping that Radiohead would return to form with Hail to the Thief.  The reason I have not reviewed the album for 1 year is because it is just not that great.  For some reason, it never resonated fully with me and after a few listens, each one increasingly disappointing, this album made its way into my rarely played stack.  I took it out again a few days ago and have listened to it several times since.  While there are several very good songs (2+2=5, Backdrifts, Go to Sleep, There There, A Wolf at the Door) Hail to the Thief just cannot match the rock brilliance The Bends, it does not sound as fresh as OK Computer and it is nowhere as fascinating as Kid A.   My favorite songs on this album would be more at home on The Bends, although I am not sure that is the best way to put it.  If you are a die-hard fan like myself, you will enjoy the album because it is Radiohead but at the same time you will despise the record because it is not Radiohead at its best, although there are flashes.  If you do not own a Radiohead album, go buy The Bends for a more traditional rock n roll sound, OK Computer for its stunningly beautiful progressive rock flourishes of electronica, or Kid A for its dark drum n bassish electronica.  All in all, it's just alright.
B0000DBJDM|3.0|Me? I'm a \\"Dark Side of the Moon\\" and afterwards kinda guy. There are some that are fans of everything from the beginning and there are some that just like the post-Roger Waters stuff?<br />This DVD is for fans of everything. Call me crazy, but I dont really like the track list except for ONE OF THESE DAYS and ECHOES (both from the MEDDLE album which preceeded DSotM) but as I said, being a fan of \\"Dark Side of the Moon\\" I did like the new footage of rehearsing for the album.<br />And they're so right about the new CG effects of the planets for the film. They're truely amatuer.
B000069AUI|5.0|I never write reviews, but this cd is definitely worthy one.  This is the only cd that I've listened to every single day since I bought it over a year ago.  The songs just get better and better!!
B0001Z53AQ|5.0|Eminem may be the leader of the group, but that does not make him the best. The whole group is full of great MC's, Swift and Proof being under Em. The album is an outstanding piece of work, but it does lack the feel of an Eminem LP. Every song on this cd is good but there are ones that stand out more then others. The tracks that arent the best would be U R The One and I'll Be Damned. They seem somewhat out of place. There are only two guest spots on the actual songs, those being Obie Trice on Loyalty and B-Real on American Psycho II. This is really good considering people have everyone under the sun on their cds anymore, and thats stupid when you buy the cd for a certain artist and hear more from other artists than you do the one you paid for. The rest of the songs are top notch production and the lyrics are great if you arent some punk who just listens to the beats.<BR>Lyrics: A<BR>Production: A-<BR>Delivery:A<BR>Overall: A +, 5 stars, 4 1/2 mics/XL
B00000IPAX|5.0|ok...first off what's up with all these reviews saying how blink 182 are posers and fakes and all that crap? i agree, they're not &quot;punk&quot; but they're pretty damn close. anyone who's into awesome guitar riffs and a mixture of fun, humorous and [sometimes] thoughtful lyrics will enjoy this album. <BR>Dumpweed -- enjoy songs that get stuck in your head for days and days? this song is for you 8/10<BR>Don't leave me -- love the intro. the rest of the song is great too 8.5/10<BR>Aliens exist -- amazing 10/10<BR>Going away to college -- see previous comment <BR>What's my age again? -- great song but overplayed 9/10<BR>Dysentary Gary -- hilarious. love the chorus 8.5/10<BR>Adam's song -- one of the most well-known blink songs. it shows a more thoughtful side of blink 9/10<BR>All the small things -- good song, overplayed. they perform this one very well. 9/10<BR>The Paryt Song -- you can't understand a single word mark says until the chorus but its cool nonetheless 8/10<BR>Mutt -- the only song i don't like 2/10<BR>Wendy Clear -- pretty good 8/10<BR>Anthem -- good song but part 2 is better 8/10<BR>thats my 2 cents worth. this album is outstanding work and anybody that says that it sucks and blink 182 sucks...well..FYOU
B00012FXB8|1.0|Horrible film... where it may turn on the Goths, it disgusts me. Here, we have two very awesome character - who, despite what some cynics say, people cared about; Newt, and Hicks...and look what they do with them. They could've expanded those characters into some real cool character, but NOOooo. Don't watch this movie, if you're a fan Aliens and Alien. It's a BIG let down.
B00008CLOA|5.0|Okay, so you could be here wondering whether to buy this disc for the first time or wondering whether to replace your current copy of the CD.<br />I'm a 20-something and I love this album, the first time I heard...well...TIME in a department store I was hooked! It's ROCK at it's best! Especially when you listen to it start-to-finish with no break it is one of the best rock experiences ever! Ever since Pink Floyd have been my favourite band of all time!<br />For those of you wondering whether to replace your current copy I would say &quot;YES&quot;. If you're even considering it then you should. The mixing has been re-done (not by Alan Parsons tho, which aside from the sentimental factor has no bearing whatsoever) for every layer of this disc and it sounds so much clearer even if you just have a regular stereo system (yes, this Super Audio CD WILL play on your home stereo and in your car).<br />For those of you fortunate enough to have a surround speaker configuration and a SACD player you're in for a REAL treat! The extra depth in the music is AMAZING! The music has never been clearer except for in the studio. Not to mention the 5 speakers are constantly being used to bring you an entirely new experience of Dark Side of the Moon! For example, ON THE RUN has the guy running behind your head in circles and MONEY has cash registers everywhere.<br />ORDER NOW!
B0000CFW87|4.0|I've never listened to this kind of music before in my life.  I was introduced to Josh Groban's music through a friend, and I liked the first album.  I then purchased this album for my enjoyment of Josh's music.  It is really inspirational and stirring.  I'm no music critic, and I can't give you all the good words to tell you about this music, but I feel it has heart [i.e. words conveyed with meaning].  The album is a mix of languages in Josh's operatic style, and I'm sure it will appeal to anyone from the easy listening music lover to those dancehall music fans who are looking for a little bit of a change of pace.
B000069AUI|5.0|I adore this CD.<br />I love this CD more than any other CD that I have.<br />My car was stolen this last year, and with it, they took my Coldplay CD, and this added to my upset-ness at the whole situation.<br />Alright, maybe I exaggerate a bit, but this CD truly is a gem.<br />I started out liking two songs on the album: 'The Scientist' and 'Clocks.' A bit later, I began listening to the entire album. Since I first purchased this CD, earlier this year, I have come to appreciate each and every song on the album, from 'Polotik' to 'Amsterdam.' Each song is deep, meaningful, artistic, and beautiful.<br />I like to call Coldplay the artistic, intelligent person's band. The lyrics mean almost as much as the music, which is also brilliant.<br />As apposed to their last CD, 'Parachutes,' 'A Rush of Blood to the Head' is appropriate to blast in your car and become hypnotized by the 'neon, electric' guitar and drums, rather than put to sleep.<br />This CD is utterly brilliant. I love it!
B0000DZEA1|5.0|Howard Shore has proved himself as a musical genius in The Lord of the Rings soundtracks. As the Amazon reviewer said, he mystically ties emotion and music into one beautifully. Every single track has something special here. I have never before heard music that could be so haunting, so inspiring, so beautiful, and so deeply emotional as this. If you are a LOTR fan, or just a fan of soundtracks, this is a must-buy. You will not be dissappointed.
B000003TA4|2.0|I honestly don't know what is so good about these guys. I can't relate to any of the lyrics because none of them seem to make sense to me. Kurt Cobain seems like he was just some drugged up dude who thought he was still a teenager and was angry at the world... real inspirational. The only half decent songs on here are Smells Like Teen Spirit and Lithium, because they are a little infectious.
B000005JA8|5.0|I give this  5 stars I NEVER found it difficult to listen to.(You wanna know a &quot;difficult&quot; record? NO JACKET REQUIRED by  Phil Collins. That one is f(*&amp;^ing IMPOSSIBLE to listen to!)
B000002UB3|5.0|Not only is this the Beatles' most poignant album, it is also their last recorded, as many others have stated. That it begins with a bizarre plea to &quot;come together&quot; and ends with a beautifully constructed medley of different Beatle songs is probably no coincidence. The other three Beatle masterpieces, Revolver, The White Album, and Sgt. Pepper, can be appreciated either as a cohesive (or in the White Album's case, deliberately non-cohesive) whole, or as a fantastic collection of songs. Abbey Road takes that a step further. The first eight songs are, indeed, a fantastic collection of songs while most of Side 2 is taken up by the cohesive weaving of disparate tunes into a connected web. Side 1 is more or less rock, the highlight being George's beautiful ballad Something. Side 2, including the medley, is much mellower. The rock songs are great, from Octopus's Garden, which is easily Ringo's best song (not there's much competition) to the quirky Maxwell's Silver Hammer. John hated this song, and many Beatle fans seem to agree, but it's a lot of fun. <br />And Beatle fans were given one of the great moments in 60's rock 20 years after the fact, once the CD eliminated the distinction between record sides. When the harsh, hypnotic tones of I Want You (She's So Heavy) end suddenly, we're left with a brief pause before the simple, breathtaking opening of Here Comes the Sun. There could be no better expression of coming out of a tunnel of darkness and despair into the light and comfort of a new morning. Here Comes the Sun is the best song on the album and may be the best song George ever wrote. And it's one of my ten favorite Beatles songs, at least. It's followed by another beautiful song, Because, which John probably didn't think much of, but he should have. Then the medley, which is really more like two medleys. The best joining-up of a song is Polythene Pam to She Came in Through the Bathroom Window. My favorite songs are Sun King, Mean Mr. Mustard, and Golden Slumbers. You Never Gave Me Your Money and She Came in Through the Bathroom Window are unforgettable as well, while The End ends things on a rousing note, followed by the memorable Beatle coda:<br />And in the end, the love you take, is equal to the love you make...
B00005JMJG|5.0|This film was one of the best ones that I have seen this year.<br />The unlikely pair that is Kate Winslet and Jim Carrey illuminate the screen with unexpected chemistry. <br />The idea that a person can be completely eliminated from one's memories is startling. But this idea truly comes full circle with the 'moral,' if you will, of the story: Don't act irrationally! Beware of what you wish for!<br />The film also seems to employ the use of magical realism, in creating the absurd memories of Carrey. Suspended disbelief is a must in watching this movie, and the plot must be looked at more as an allegory than truth.<br />But overall, 'Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind' was heartwarming and meaningful. Kate Winslet is a gem, and I hope to see Carrey in more serious roles like this one in the future!
B000267JQK|5.0|I had bought &quot;Disclaimer&quot; about 2 years ago,and I couldnt believe my ears.This was the first album from a New Band that I liked Every song on the album.When I feard that they were gonna re-release it with extra tracks,I didnt think I was gonna buy it because I had the soundtracks with the extra songs on it.But I looked on the back and saw that there were a few songs that I had never heard.I decided to buy it and I couldnt be more pleased with what I got.Although most of the songs that are on the origional release arent changed,there are a few songs that were re-done.Although they arent really Big changes to the songs,they did make the songs alot better.These are the songs that I noticed changes : &quot;PIG&quot; &quot;FADE AWAY&quot; &quot;NEEDLES&quot; and of course &quot;BROKEN&quot;.My favorite song that they re-done is &quot;Pig&quot;.My Favorite New Track would have to be &quot;Cigarrettes&quot;.It Reminds Me of Nirvana.With this being said I strongly recommend EVERY Seether fan to pick this one up.Its very well worth the money even if you already have the origional release.Plus the Bonus DVD Has All There videos and a 30 min. Concert.That in itself is worth the money,let alone the 8 extra Tracks.BUY THIS NOW!!!
B0000AGWJ7|5.0|Finally, a band with an absolutely INSANE amount of talent that still can appeal to the masses. Firstly to all the metalkid snobs out there complaining that they're trying to emulate the Gothenburg sound, you don't know how wrong you are. I'm a big fan of those bands too, but the talent of these guys is far far beyond the level of In Flames, Soilwork etc. And has it ever occured to you that the screaming might not be as heavy and death metallish because they just don't want to sound like that? M. Shadows blows away any other metal vocalist, be it death metal, black metal, thrash, whatever. Screaming really isn't all that hard, it's a lot more difficult and requires a lot more talent to sing well. At the end of I Won't See You Part 1, Shadows demonstrates his amazing range, hitting notes 2 octaves above middle C without sounding like a whiny girl. Never will you see a Gothenurg scene vocalist pull off something like that. <br />Also, there are a lot of awesome death metal guitarists but none of them come close to matching the talent of Synyster Gates. All of his solos are amazing, not just the speed but how awesomely smooth they are, it's almost a blur. The solo at the end of Second Heartbeat, one of the best ever, PERIOD! Not only is it insanely technical and fast, (i get eargasms everytime i hear it) it is also daammnnn catchy. It's not just a bunch of notes in a certain key strung together and played really really fast (which is what most death metal solos are like, though there are none that are picked as fast as Syn's solos), it has been excellently composed and the notes just fit together so damn well. The drummer is a god, but to see how good he really is, download the old version of Second Heartbeat, off the Hopelessly Devoted To You Volume 4 compilation. Nowhere in Waking The Fallen is he anywhere near the limit of his talent, which is a shame i guess.<br />Anyway, my point is that this album is the future of metal. It is far above the level of any other death metal or heavy metal band out there, both in technical talent and in mass appeal. People who write them off because of how they dress, or because they aren't hardcore enough are a disgrace to music fans everywhere, they obviosuly care more about image and what is 'cool' (face it people, hardcore/hXc/whatever kids are the teenyboppers of today) than the talent and sound that a band has. Don't waste your time settling for second best, buy this album!
B000002I27|5.0|When the chaos of the 1960's was in full force, three rock albums were released to massive popular acclaim: &quot;Sergeant Pepper&quot;, &quot;Surrealistic Pillow&quot;, and &quot;The Doors&quot;. The first two celebrated ART and the ethos of psychedelia/flower power. The Doors' debut album contained the most explosive AM radio single ever released (&quot;Light My Fire), and an epic take on the Oedipus complex (&quot;The End&quot;).  Shortly thereafter the Doors put out &quot;Strange Days&quot;, and it was pretty apparent that the euphoria of the time was beginning to run down. Within a year it was all over: Martin Luther King and Robert Kennedy assassinated, police riots in the streets of Chicago, the war in Vietnam facing first the Tet Offensive and then its biggest troop buildup. <BR>This brilliant album marks the passage into that viciously accelerated time. Strange days indeed.
B000002LND|1.0|This is music for 50 years olds plus and aging gay interior designers.  Madonna stuff is so unhip it isn't funny. Lawrence Welk is hipper then Madonna and he even looks younger then her and he is dead.
B0000AQVCL|5.0|This album is absolutely great.  The only slight downside is the amount of ballads, but the ballads are great.  The rockers are definitely awesome.  They have great classic rock influences, which range from AC/DC, to The Rolling Stones to The Beatles.  If you just want a good rock album from beginning to end, this is definitely for you!
B000003TA4|3.0|This is a neutral review. NIRVANA's Nevermind isn't too special compared to the better alternative acts of the 90's, but it doesn't deserve all these needlessly negative reviews from the AFI guy. It's not like this CD is as bad as a Limp Bizkit album, people! It seems AFI is sour about Kurt Cobain's fame. I think it's horrible AFI is actually happy a fellow human being ended their life. Maybe AFI wishes he had the balls to do what Kurt did. Maybe AFI should grow a some. Hey Amazon... Is there any way AFI can be suspended? <br />If you like NIRVANA, then check our POD's Satellite album. Slayer is cool too.
B0000009TJ|5.0|The virtuosity on this live recording is absolutely extra-terrestial. FZ plays the guitar like a man possessed, and his band is right there with him. This is a concert we would have given a year of our lives to see.
B00005Q66T|1.0|Same old same old from Madonna.  She mainly appeals to unhip people over the age of 47 now.  She looked about 57 when this album was made.<br />You can pick this one up and her others at the local used CD stores for $1.00.  They have dozens of copies.
B00004ZD69|5.0|Godspeed You Black Emperor's are without a doubt in a league of their own. There have been just a few albums that have had such a tramendous effect on me and this is one of them.  Its very hard to rightly categorize their work because it is incredibly fresh and original.  Their music blends in contemporary classical influences (reminiscent of Arvo Part, Gorecki , Morton Feldman ) with a post rock style.  The group consists of 9 members with 2 members playing cello and violin. One word that I can think of to categorize GYBE is APOCALYPTIC.  This will be the album played when the the world and human kind will come to a dreadful end.  What is remarkable about their sound is that the guitars are not used in the traditional sounding manner.  The guitars are used in a droning way, evoking spacious and dreamful sounds that fit so well with the string section.  Its very easy to forget that what you are hearing are guitars because of them sounding so full and orchestrated.  Another wonderful aspect of their work is the slow ambient soundscapes athe begining of each song that work up to a crescendo that later explodes into a large epical and orchestral blast of music.  The field recordings heard on some of the intros fit brilliantly with the bleak mood of the music with one of them being children laughing and playing which creates a contradiction to the whole melancholic feeling of what is heard.  Behind their tragic sound their lies a sense of hope in each song. Any of Godspeed's recordings should be without hesitation in a music lover's library.  I strongly recommend this to anyone who wants to experience dreamy and fresh sounding music.
B00005JLEX|5.0|The first DVD set (expected to be released on November 2004) will include the first two seasons, the good news is the extraordinary special features that are included! BUT the bad news is the number of episodes available in this set (only 17 episodes) which represent not more than 10% from the whole Seinfeld series!!    The first episode (Pilot) is entitled \\"Good news, Bad news\\", in this episode: \\"The first scene, Jerry and George are sitting in a restaurant having a discussion on what else? Women!! Laura, someone Jerry met on the road wants to stay with him when she comes to New York, George thinks that she is using Jerry as a contingency plan (Plan B), they continue their discussion in the laundry and they end it up in Jerry's apartment, Kramer (without making his outstanding entrance) comes to borrow some pieces of meat!! The girl calls and asks Jerry if she can stay at his apartment for the night, when she arrives she asks to stay for another night!! Everything comes on Jerry's way, and nothing could get any better, until he receives a phone call from a guy asking for the girl, Jerry hands her the phone to speak to the guy and after she hangs up, Jerry discovers the harsh truth!! the guy on the phone was the girl's fianc?!!\\"   Comments on this episode (Good news, Bad news):   ? For those who watch Seinfeld for the sake of superman, Do not waste your time looking at the refrigerator, because it's simply not there!!   ? Elaine didn't appear!  ? You will notice that George was very intelligent, smart and has a very logic way of thinking, indeed, all of these gifts that George had starts to deteriorate as time goes by!!            Some may find non-original Seinfeld DVD sets (all 180 episodes of Seinfeld on DVD) through the internet, and my advise is Don't ever think 'bout it!!!, why?  ? They're not original!!  ? The bad resolution of all these DVDs  ? You can play any DVD only for a few times, and after that!! The bad quality of such DVD shows up it's ugly head!!? Most, if not all episodes (in these DVDs), have a major defect when watching each and every one of them, in which the last 30-45 seconds are simply not there!! Either it has been deleted or not recorded!!  ? The only so-called special feature in this DVD set is the blooper DVD! don't get excited?! because there is No sound in this particular DVD!!  ? All these DVD sets, no matter where you might get them, have the same origin (same recording source)!!  The bottom line is \\"Wait, be patient and get the original DVD set from Amazon.com\\"
B0001UL7RY|5.0|This album is a classic. From &amp;quot;Take me away&amp;quot; to &amp;quot; Slipped away&amp;quot; you'll be impress by Avril's talent in both writting AND singing. She's grown ince &amp;quot;Let Go&amp;quot; (another classic) and she really knows how to show it. There is no way you can ever regret buying this album becouse its so good.It's darker, deeper and awesome.       This album is a &amp;quot;Must Have&amp;quot;. Avril deserves to win album of the year but we all know it wont becouse the real talented people don't really win even though she should.      Anywayz, Buy the album and enjoy it cuz Avril rocks!!!!!!      Her biggest fan.   Me. lol
0307010856|5.0|This was one of my favorite books as a kid.  I can still remember reading it for the first time while in line at the grocery store and thinking it was the funniest book in the world.  It would make a good bed time story and would be fun for a parent to read to there child because it is very exciting for a kid.  I highly recommend this.
0345451325|5.0|I was always a fan of Halo, loved the game, waiting in anticipation for Halo 2 to come out this November 9th.<br />However, during the summer one has alot of time on his or her hands. Such was the case with me.<br />Coming off the Ender Wiggin Quarter (if you haven't read Ender's Game, Speaker For The Dead, Xenocide and Children of the Mind by Orson Scott Card, your missing out on one hell of a series!), I was looking for something else to ease my summer time boredom.<br />I found what I was looking for with the Halo Series. At first, I was slightly skeptical since I could not fathom the possibility that a video game might be turned into a half decent read. Even after looking at the reviews from Amazon, I wasn't entirely convinced but figured what the hell and went ahead and ordered Books 1-3 in the Halo Series. After reading Halo: Fall of Reach, I was glad I turned out to be very very wrong about Halo's ability to be turned into a fascinating book. If you were a fan of the video game you'll love Fall of Reach. One of Nylund's best books, chapters spaced out nicely, tons of action that make the pages turn themselves for hours on end.<br />Fall of Reach is about the creation of the Spartan program (which is what the Master Chief is). Fall of Reach is centered mainly around filling in the gaps between pre-Halo and Halo itself. The whole storyline is truly fascinating for military buffs, science fiction fans, and video game series fans alike.<br />If there is one series you pickup this summer, make it the Halo series. You won't regret it!
0767812166|1.0|Carpenter  is  a  director  with  great  highs  and  lows  in  his  career.  Who  has  managed  to  make  special editions  for  just  about  everyone  one  of  his  movies  except  this  one.  Recently  I  just  read  Christine (The  killer  car Movie!)  is  getting  special  edition  treatment  as  opposed  to  this  great  family  film.  Long  time  Jeff  Bridges  fan  I  realized  that  he  gives  an  oscar  nominated  performance  here,  so  I  wonder  whats  the  deal.  Why  no  Starman  Special  Edition  or  even  Superbit  it.  this  film  deserves  better  treatment.
B00005JL78|4.0|very good special effects, decent action, and a good story. pretty good extras, but no commentary.
B000089RVX|3.0|I dont agree with the previous critic totally. I agree that to some extent that they are like linkin park (who i liked until they became far too pop culture-y). There are some nice track on this abulm but some seem to be to similar and the first few times you listen to it you have trouble differentiating between the tracks due to that similarity. True it is the Amy Lee Show. If the rest of the band have any talent, then they dont get to show it at all. Hard rock fans should probably stay away from this.
B00006RAKP|4.0|I recently purchased this CD and I noticed that around 43 seconds on the second CD, track 5, Sad Songs, there is slight skip. I returned the CD and received a new one, and it has the identical problem. Has anyone out there experienced this problem?
B00003CXTG|5.0|This film is an amazing story which will make u smile, cry and route on the americans all the way through. The story of two best friends Raffe and Danny and their  shared love for evelyn, has toucing moments at every point. This dvd is definately worth buying and is one of the best films i ever invested in. This film will make you want to watch it again and again, its brilliant!! Hats off to Ben Affleck, Josh Hartnet and Kate Beckinsdale for their top class performances! This really is a worthwhile buy!
B00005JM1F|5.0|This looked like the last movie I would ever get, not being particularly into farces and screwball comedy. But <BR>if Vince Vaughn (\\"Swingers\\", \\"Made\\") is in it, then I probably will give it a look. \\"Old School\\" fulfilled Vaughn's comic promise, but it is ensemble and great.<br />It starts out with just the right touch when Luke Wilson returns home and finds sexy girlfriend Juliette Lewis expecting not him but her \\"Internet friends,\\" who are coming over \\"for the gangbang.\\" Makes you want to do a Google search for \\"single girls looking for group sex.\\"<br />This is an up-dated \\"Animal House\\", maybe better. Luke's post-Juliette recovery includes moving into a house next to the college, and when it looks like he cannot stay due to school regulations, they form a fraternity. Luke is a lawyer and his legal skills keep them above the dean's attempts to disband them as part of a childhood revenge.<br />Vince gives us great lines like, \\"What do you think, instead of spending time with my wife I'd rather hang out with 19-year old girls?\\"<br />USC grad Will Ferrell, who once tried out for the Trojans as a punter, may carry this film through sheer craziness. There is little message, just laughs. It has some mature themes, but despite Juliette's sexual wanderings is basically tame.<br />In the end, Juliette is still into swinging, when she invites Will to her next sexfest.<br />STEVEN TRAVERS<BR>(...)
B000002H97|5.0|Evolution people evolution! Dont you get that? A band needs to evolve. If they kept the same style as before then they become obsolete and they become like 50 cents and Mace (?sic?) and R kelly and those other hip hop rnb crap. That's the beauty of rock bands. They evolve but still keep the essence of who they are. Look at Linkin Park - a lot of people liked their first album , but their second sounds too much like the first and iot makes you wonder what the point in having both if you're listening to the sam stuff?<br />This is one of Metallica's best stuff. The unforgiven and where ever i may roam has got some amazing lyrics. Dont tread on me is also a great track as is Wolf and Man. This is definitely worth your money. Dont listen to the complaints that this is a sell out.
B00001QGIQ|5.0|&quot;When you wish upon a star, makes no difference who you<br />are, anything you heart desires will come to you.&quot;<br />You've heard this song on the Disneyland and Superbowl commercials, but do you remember where it came from?<br />It came from this cartoon, Pinocchio, Walt Disney's second feature to &quot;Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs&quot; in 1940.<br />I repeat 1940!! Wow and to this day ,Pinocchio still stands out as one of the greatest movies of all time.<br />This opinion is about the 60th anniversay VHS of Pinocchio with THX sound and Remastered visual footage. It even has a bonus at the end about the making of Pinocchio!!! Wow.<br />This was a Christmas gift for my best friend and she loved it, and I can see why.<br />Pinocchio is filled with dazzling animation,music and filled with so much fun and happyness that at the end of the movie , you will feel like wishing upon a star youreself.<br />Pinocchio is about a wooden puppet made by toymaker Geppeto (Christian Rub) who wants his own son.<br />Geppeto makes one wish, to have his own son. Geppeto gets his wish when the Blue Fairy brings Pinocchio to life!!!<br />It took nearly 700 animators and technicians to bring Pinocchio to life and the hard work definitely shows!!!<br />People can say whatever they want about Disney current movies, true they lack a certain magic unlike their cherish cartoon like Pinocchio, but Disney is one of a few companies that has a SOLID record of making Cartoon Classics that are loved by everyone.<br />The fairy brings Pinocchio to life and promises to Pinoccho (voice of Dickie Jones) that he will remain a real boy if he follows the basic principles that every boy should have.<br />He has to be loyal, truthful and above fair. She assigns Jiminy Cricket (Cliff Edwards) to be Pinocchio's conscience.<br />Well it sounds easy at first, but living up to these values is the real challenge here and Pinocchio tries his best to follow them,but since he has just being turned intoa boy he doesnt yet know right from wrong.<br />This is where we meet characters like ,J. Worthington Foulfellow, Stromboli and Barker who take advantage of the young boy.<br />Jiminy Cricket and the fairy save Pinocchio from his judgement calls ,but yet Pinocchio doesnt learn to tell the truth and when he lies his nose starts to grow like a Christmas tree. :-)<br />Meanwhile Geppeto is looking for Pinocchio and ends up being captured by a giant whale Monstro!!!<br />Pinocchio saves Geppeto in a brillian animation sequence and Pinocchio by displaying bravery ends up being a real boy permanently.<br />It's a classic, I can say more but I dont want to spoil it for anyone<br />In an age, where moral, brilliant, wholesome cartoons are scarce you look back to the classics and Pinocchio will forever stand out as one of the greatest classics ever made by Walt Disney who has left his print in the world and in children's hearts.<br />Go out and buy this for youre children
B00003CXZ3|3.0|Just goes to show that you act on instinct when your memory goes....It's as simple as that
0141439475|5.0|Mary shelley's frankenstein, the famous novel by her, probably her best work despite her turbelous and personal history (she had a child out of wedlock and her relationships didnt last). the book was made into a slew of hollywood remakes from the earl 1930's version with boris karloff to the more modern one with kenneth brannagh (which is closer to the novel that previous movies).<br />This is one amazing novel, it literally impacted many writers both male and female to come. even more amazing is that shelley was only 18yrs old when she wrote this novel. she truly was gifted and &quot;frankenstein&quot; despite it being one of her few great works still cemented for shelley as a great writer.<br />I've been asked why i love this book and it's quite simple, shelley's takes an obscure plot, a man , victor frankenstein, a scientist using a dead cadaver to create life and bettering mankind creates a monster that terrorizes mankind. shelley thus takes this simple plot , and turns into a complex story with many different twists. beyond that, she uses this story to address some serious issues, all of which i will cover in this review: women's right, prejudice against those who are different from the rest of us, the battle of good vs. evil and of course do we have the right to sacrifice lives like Frankenstein does in the name of science?<br />Shelley was ahead of the times she addressed many key issues that we have discussed even to to this day, so in effect I love her works because she was a visionary and to some extent almost a psychic predicting certain trends that would impact society as a whole for many years to come.:<br />If you watched the old Universal 1930's version with Karloff you think you know what the book is about. Dr. Frankenstein creates a monster because he is mad and wants to rule the world. The monster is hideous and ugly and wants to kill everything. He does meets a blind man who seems to recognize the monster and little girl whom the monster kills after the girl scream. Everyone dies at the end. That's it.<br />No that's not it, in fact it's hard to put in one paragraph why &quot;Frankenstein&quot; has become the timeless classic. In a couple of sentences, the novel brings many social messages into view and makes the audience through the character ponder these questions. By the end of the novel, some questions get answered, however some don't. Shelley leaves many parts of the novel open for interpretation (like Shakespeare did with his plays) so people could come with their own views<br />The novel showcases the fight of &quot;good vs. evil&quot;. But who is exactly evil, the intelligent but evil and unmoral Dr. Frankenstein or the hideous monster who has been scorned by society for his looks (like the Elephant Man).<br />The novel showcases the question of &quot;creation&quot;, more specifically &quot;the creation and ending of life&quot;. Does Dr. Frankenstein have the right to do what he does with body parts in creating this being? Is Frankenstein's intention to create a serious of super beings to rule the world?<br />Why doesn't Frankenstein come forward for being the one responsible for the monster, when several murders including his family members get murdered by the hands of the monster?<br />As you can see Shelley's poses us with some serious questions some of which impact us  as a society, questioning our morals? I loved this because questioning our morals nowadays seems to be at the bottom of our priorities (See Iraqi prison scandal).<br />Some of the intriguing questions directed at us as potential scientists if we have the right to some extent go against God and create our own race of beings in our image? Who really is the monster here. Us or the monster?after the girl scream. Everyone dies at the end. That's it. <br />No that's not it, in fact it's hard to put in one paragraph why &quot;Frankenstein&quot; has become the timeless classic. In a couple of sentences, the novel brings many social messages into view and makes the audience through the character ponder these questions. By the end of the novel, some questions get answered, however some don't. Shelley leaves many parts of the novel open for interpretation (like Shakespeare did with his plays) so people could come with their own views <br />The novel showcases the fight of &quot;good vs. evil&quot;. But who is exactly evil, the intelligent but evil and unmoral Dr. Frankenstein or the hideous monster who has been scorned by society for his looks (like the Elephant Man). <br />The novel showcases the question of &quot;creation&quot;, more specifically &quot;the creation and ending of life&quot;. Does Dr. Frankenstein have the right to do what he does with body parts in creating this being? Is Frankenstein's intention to create a serious of super beings to rule the world? <BR>Why doesn't Frankenstein come forward for being the one responsible for the monster, when several murders including his family members get murdered by the hands of the monster? <BR>As you can see Shelley's poses us with some serious questions some of which impact us  as a society, questioning our morals? I loved this because questioning our morals nowadays seems to be at the bottom of our priorities (See Iraqi prison scandal). <br />Some of the intriguing questions directed at us as potential scientists if we have the right to some extent go against God and create our own race of beings in our image? Who really is the monster here. Us or the monster?
B00028HBKM|5.0|As a lifelong Baptist, This movie had a PROFOUND impact on my personal and Spiritual Life. I have ordered 2 copies of this masterpiece already. And will likely order more..BRAVO, Mel Gibson (...) out of (...)
B000294SFW|5.0|this is awesome motorhead and a must have for any motorhead and metal fan.this album has lots flawless,classic hard rock and speed metal.best songs are terminal show,in the name of tragedy,down on me,fight,and in the year of the wolf, all these songs are absoulute classics.If you dont have it BUT IT NOW!!!! or i wouldnt call you a true motorhead fan
B00009V7P8|5.0|When I first heard Damien Rice I immediatley felt pleasantly confused and relieved, thinking to myself, &quot;Finally someone new with passion and true emotion&quot;. <br />I highly recommend this CD and hope more people discover this wonderful collection of songs. A true music fan will appreciate this one. Damien Rice's music is honest and full of heart. His backing vocalist, Lisa, is a purely gorgeous angelic voice that compliments Rice perfectly. The comibation of acoustic guitar and cello is simply beautiful. This CD has a refreshing classical feel that is delicate but full of power. The album was made to be heard loud from the first track all the way to the end. The songs are ordered to perfection and have a lot to give out to its audience. Don't miss out.<br />We need more artists like Damien Rice and it's wonderful to know true artists are actually creating good sound somewhere. It's difficult to believe this is Damien Rice's debut CD, the possibilites are endless for a follow-up.
B000089RVX|2.0|This band has amazing lyrics.Amy Lee has a wonderful voice.But the main problem is:Almost all of these songs sound exactly the same.&quot;My Immortal&quot; and &quot;My Tourniquet&quot; are the only songs I actually like.Wonderful lyrics,really.But it just sounds too much alike.Not worth it.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|It doesn't matter if you don't like sci-fi: this one has it all. Action, drama, romance, humor, and lots and lots of guns. The writing, casting, and acting are brilliant, but more importantly all the elements come together. At first I was upset that I missed this when it originally aired, but then I learned that Fox showed them out of order anyway. The DVD set presents the episodes in the right order, commercial-free, including three never-aired shows. You get a total of 14 episodes including the 2-hour pilot, and nice extras. Also it's presented in widescreen. The feature film, Serenity, is coming next april. For as cheap as this box set is, you just can't go wrong.
B0002234LS|4.0|My boyfriend and I just got done watching the DVD of The Secret Window and actually I really enjoyed the movie. I was a little disappointed, however, at how predictable most of the parts of the movie were. At the very beginning, it was easy to spot what was going to become of the ending. I was a little surprised that it only garners a PG-13 rating though. I know I wouldn't take a child that was 13 to see it. Even I got scared and I'm 19!<br />Johnny Depp did a very great job basically acting almost alone in a cabin for most of the movie. That is why I bumped my review up to 4 stars, just because of Johnny Depp's acting. <br />I would recommend this movie for others to rent because it's worth seeing.
0739313126|5.0|I do not pretend to know if everything in this story is true or based on actual research.  I can tell you that this book starts off with a bang and keeps going until the very end.<br />Wonderful characters that you learn to love.  I recommend this book to everyone with only one comment..  Enjoy it for what it is, a wonderful book with great characters and a superb story.  If you want factual information, I can not comment.<br />Enjoy.
B00006CXSS|1.0|I'm cheating! I did buy and view the Private Ryan extravaganza, but Band of Brothers is a little too pricey for this Social Security person.<BR>However, I did serve with G Company of the 7th Infantry from March of '44 to March of '45, mostly as a weapons platoon leader, so I know of which I speak!!<BR>Pyle never got past Battaliobn HQ and Ambrose could have written his stuff without leaving the states (I've read both authors).<BR>Hollywood shows lots of grimy, unshaven characters, almost totally unrealistic sound effects, bizarre examples of marksmanship and - of course lots of blood (see the opening of Private Ryan).<BR>(Aside - the 3rd Div. participated in some 6 seaborne invasions, none so incompetently managed as the landing at Omaha Beach. It should be further noted that the Airborne probably suffered their highest casualties from the US Navy and bad piloting by the US Air Corps - something currnetly referred to as &quot;friendly fire&quot;!!)<BR>Surprising as it may seem, we shaved and washed regularly and had reasonably regular meals (keeping in mind that the 3rd was a regular army division with lots of experience and contacts!!)<BR>To borrow a Marine saying from Tony Zinni,  the 3rd Division in WW II was tops in its field in &quot;Killing People and Breaking Things&quot;.  Probably a few English, German and Russian divisions did as well - but certainly no American - they lacked the experience.  <BR>I lasted from Anzio to just inside Germany (with one remand to a rest camp).  In Germany, I, along with the remainder of the 2d Bn. were captured and spent several weeks ( mostly walking - nothing new! to the environs of Stuttgart.<BR>As a last note, despite Ambrose's protestations (after all, he wsn't there!!), the first Americans into Berchtesgaden were elements of the 3rd Bn, 7th Infantry - some ten hours sooner(!!!)than a bunch of bedraggled paratroopers<br />Wes McKane,  Wpns Pl, G Co., 7th Inf., 3rd Div. WW II, Korea*<BR>Rock of the Marne!!<br />*Not all Wpns Pl
B00008H2LB|3.0|After radio absolutly killed Hyrid Theory is very hesitant to rush out and buy this album.  I finally picked it up the other after almost a year after it was released.  I have to say its a lot better than I thought it would be.  Nevermind the fact that 4 of the songs have been played to death on the radio.  One major problem with this album is how long it is.  Rather, how short it is.  Some of the songs like Don't Stay and Breaking the Habit leave you wanting more of it.  I just kinda feel short changed.  But, as a big Tool fan I have no problem with a few 7 minute songs.  The music isn't too bad but every song does not need to be written radio friendly.
B0001UL7RY|4.0|What can one say about Avril and her new cd besides amazing.  I enjoyed this album much better than the first, more rock and less pop and more from the heart.  This second album from Arista records is much better put together and the songs really stand out, my favorite being My Happy Ending. If you enjoyed Avril's first cd this one will blow you away, she is really going somewhere!
B000002UZ6|5.0|The songs for Tina's Album would be<br />1&gt; We Don't Need Another Hero (Thunderdome)<BR>2&gt; In Your Wildest Dreams<BR>3&gt; River Deep Mountain High ( Slow Version with Orchestra)<BR>4&gt; Proud Mary<BR>5&gt; Goldeneye<BR>6&gt; Lets Stay Together
B00005RY7X|1.0|Terrible  pop punk feel and cky ripping off with the vocals...I realy thought it sucked. Im  realy not used to listing to something that sounds so fun and happy--ugh! Don't bother. This sucksss....
B000002UZ6|5.0|The songs for Tina's Album would be<br />1&gt; We Don't Need Another Hero (Thunderdome)<BR>2&gt; In Your Wildest Dreams<BR>3&gt; River Deep Mountain High ( Slow Version with Orchestra)<BR>4&gt; Proud Mary<BR>5&gt; Goldeneye<BR>6&gt; Lets Stay Together<BR>7&gt; Whats Love Got to Do with it
B0001CCXY8|1.0|Why would any one into deathmetal apreciate people that only talk about eating other's ppl skin and the same type of idiotic subject matter over & over again ?If the music atleast made up for the dumb & childish lirycs. Cannibal corpse, is the same thing as plenty of rapmetal bands and nu-metal bands out today and no there not difirent in any way--just because they play their music faster and heavier...Whatever! Its basically the same sound over and over and over redone again and again. Truly boring as any thing can get and no its not heavy or nothing of the sort, trust me!I didn't even like cc when Chris barnes used to be in the band--- because he sucks at being a deathmetal vocalist. Any one that likes deathmetal and yet  love cc should be ashamed of themselfes. No talent here...Skip this and insted check out vomitory,immolation,skinless,gorerotted,mortician,behemoth,vehemence--- just to name a few amazing deathmetal acts.
B0000C0FJB|1.0|Great presentation, great song selection, WORST SOUNDING DVD I'VE EVER HEARD!!! It's hard to believe a band that plays material like this allowed this to be released. The crowd is louder than the band.  Zeppelin's recordings from 30 years ago sound better. What's up with that? If it had been mixed like  King Crimson's dvd's you'd really have something.
B000089RVX|5.0|This CD is fantastic.  Amy's voice is beautiful, ringing of celtic tones that are both pleasing and haunting.  I won't do a run down of each song because they all are great. If you love alternative rock and don't have this CD yet, you're missing out big time and I highly recommend the CD.  I like alternative rock bands like Red Hot Chili Peppers, Goo Goo Dolls, Three Doors Down, Dishwalla, Staind, etc., so if you like these bands you'll probably like this CD.
B000002J09|4.0|This is the best album by Led Zeppelin in my opinion.  The great songs are Black Dog and Rock and Roll.  The only problem is that although Stairway to Heaven is hailed by many to be their opus, they in reality just ripped off the California band Spirit. Other than that the album rocks and if you want to hear just plain ol' rock and roll then you can't go wrong.  The riff in Black Dog is killer and established Led Zeppelin as the cream of the crop in 1970s rock and beyond.
B0000047GA|5.0|To say I've been feeling the jazz music lately would be an understatement. I find that there are just so many endless possibilities with jazz; particularly when it's improvised or fused with another genre. Emergency!, the influential album by The Tony Williams Lifetime, is a collaborative effort between Mr. Williams (drums), Larry Young (organ), and John McLaughlin (guitar). All three of these artists have been paramount in narrowing the gaps between different genres. But McLaughlin, in particular, is one of the key artists responsible for the jazz-rock fusion movement from his time spent in Mahavishnu Orchestra (which also had it`s fair share of collaborators). It's been said that this particular release, Emergency!, is one of the first albums to help push the envelope of jazz and rock; or at least bring them to the same arena. The outcome is a pretty amazing record that stands the test of time. The vocals are surprisingly enjoyable, but it's Williams' drumming that makes this album worth it's weight in gold.
B00005U11Z|3.0|As with a few American DVD's I've purchased over the internet from the states, I found that the centre speaker sound is all but missing and from this point of view it sounds as though they are singing down a tunnel. Could this be the engineers fault ???<BR>I have others, Eagles, Meatloaf, these are perfect with an excellent centre speaker channel. What on earth is going on. The Journey 2001 DVD is excellent other than for the sound.Is anyone out there experiencing the same problem, please get in touch!!
B0001XTIUO|5.0|A lot of people compare Linda Perhacs to the early works of Joni Mitchell. This is somewhat true in some cases, but the truth of the matter is that Parallelograms is a lot more haunting and distant sounding than any of Mitchell's albums. As a love child of the '60s, Perhacs recorded only one album that, even today, very few people have a great deal of information about; some aren't even sure about the exact release date. But in addition to being somewhat of an oddity, this is unquestionably one of the better folk releases of the 1970s. Perhacs voice is paired perfectly with gentle acoustic guitar and other occasional instruments. The lyrics are from left field at times, but they always have the most pure and innocent quality. Luckily, Perhacs was located sometime in the late `90s and master tapes were used to re-release this beautiful classic to a new generation. Amazing!
B000099T2L|5.0|(...). Beyonce has an amazing voice. It contains 15 tracks and all of them are hot. My best ones are Be with you (a classic remake) The Closer I get to you (another classic remake) Speechless, Baby Boy, Dangerously in Love 2, Signs, and Naughty Girl, and the whole F&%$#@* album!!! The song Naughty Girl does not sound like a song from the seventies!!! (...)
B000000W5F|5.0|Great CD by the Rolling Stones that can stand up to any of the CDs from the classic period.  Of course, as we all know, the Stones would never even come close to the quality of this album after its release.  Splitting it up into rockers and ballads was an excellent decision and gives the CD a unique pacing.  Some of the songs aren't anything spectacular by themselves, but when placed in the context of &quot;Tattoo You&quot; make perfect sense (for instance, the atmospheric &quot;Heaven&quot; and the meandering jam &quot;Slave&quot;).
0060743549|4.0|I can't believe I picked up this book.  The jacket notes make it look like just another inmates-taking-over-the-asylum story, or some kind of Stephen King knockoff.  Good gracious!  Someone's trying to drive our hero insane in the insane asylum!  Give me a break.  I picked up the abridged CD at the library anyway, because I've listened to just about all their others.  That's a problem with living in a small town and traveling a lot.<br />But it was good.  I really enjoyed it.  The story was enjoyable, good adventure, smooth story.  Protagonist isn't just a dumb action figure, and is actually a pretty complex and likeable guy.  The fellow reading on the CD has the right voice, gives good life to the characters.  Even the abridged story was pretty seamless, something that doesn't happen enough.  When the slips and twists start coming, you notice them as slips and twists instead of as annoying gaps in the story.  That's not easy to do in a shortened novel.<br />Can't say too much about the story itself without either sounding like the nerd who wrote the marketing copy or ruining the story.  Recommend listening hard to the seeming throwaway short narrative at the very beginning.  After that, just go along for the ride.<br />Just read the thing.  It's a fun one. -- RG
0446608955|5.0|Jamie Sullivan is the preacher's daughter who carries her bible everywhere and Landon Carter's a semi-popular,privileged kid who never dreams of falling in love with a girl like Jamie Sullivan.  This book is filled with sweet moments that will make you smile and others that will make you cry.  A Walk to Remember shows young,true love @ its best.  I recommend reading the book before the movie.  Another great novel by my favorite author, Nicholas Sparks.  He won't and never will leave you disappointed.
B000062YAZ|5.0|In my opinion is Slayer's greatest..and that's saying a lot since Slayer in my opinion is the greatest metal band ever. The last two albums didn't have the right feel to me, but this album blew me away and is what got me into metal..a must for every fan of heavy metal.
B00005B36H|5.0|Musically, this music is the absolutely the finest there exist ...<BR>However, the music is complex, you have to listen a few times first to become accustomized, but then after a few times of listening, this album will never bore...<BR>You can clearly see how Tool is growing, becoming better and better each album they produce. For me this album is perfect !!!I hold my breath, when their next album is ready, end of this year, or beginning of next year ...<BR>Woow...., what an excitement....,
B000002HMH|4.0|Ok,ill start by saying that im a hardcore metallica fan (which means of course that i like all their albums).You can go and purchase any other stuff,its your choice, but i tell you this is it! not just because they dared to did it .On top of that its a pretty darn good album.Exquisite songs that open a whole new word of musical possibilities. The lyrics may be dark ,the music may be mellow at times, but that is the real beauty to it.think about it.
B00013EY7Q|4.0|Whenever Hollywood shows two unrelated people in mind numbing solitude, it has a tendency to connect them against all odds.  In LOST IN TRANSLATION, director Sofia Coppola tries for something daringly different.  She has 50ish film star Bob (Bill Murray) shooting a very lucrative whiskey commercial in Tokyo.  He is separated from his wife and children by far more than the nearest telephone.  In Japan, he is lost both culturally and emotionally.  Then there is a very young Charlotte (Scarlett Johannson), who has been unhappily married for two years to a photographer husband (Giovanni Ribisi) who seems determined to avoid her as much as Bob's wife seems determined to avoid him. Director Coppola could easily have romantically cleaved the two, the way Richard Gere did to Wynona Rider in AUTUMN IN NEW YORK. Instead, she allows them to bond in ways that show their physical and emotional needs without having to follow through on them.  When Bob carries an exhausted Charlotte into her bedroom and places her on the bed, he tucks her in with the sweet caring of a long lost father.  Given the way Coppola had presented them, I expected no less.<br />LOST IN TRANSLATION is not a plot driven film. It is a random walk through a neon Tokyo that is full of one dimensional stereotypes of Japanese who are eternally bowing and apologizing.  Still, this is not a flaw of the director.  To one who is truly lost in translation, a Tokyo full of babbling non-English speaking residents is exactly how that city would have seemed.  When Bob and Charlotte acknowledge their surprisingly strong ties at the film's end, the audience can see that to be alone does not mean that one has to end it or even redirect it.  Sometimes, one is satisfied with only coming to grips with it.  LOST IN TRANSLATION says this better than any other similarly intentioned film.
0553382179|5.0|This review will be short and sweet.  If you feel guilty, feel like a failure, are disorganized, overwhelmed and are ready to scream from the chaos of every day life, then you need to buy this book. Help is also at [...]    You may think that you are alone in your mess but you are not. There are thousands upon thousands of people just like you and me.<BR>      Marla Cilley has saved my life, my psyche, and has shown me how to create a peaceful home so that I can finally love myself and my family the way we deserve.  Yes, it does start with shining your sink and it snowballs from there.  Really.  It's true. She is my miracle.  Thank you FlyLady.
6305622914|5.0|hey guys! i'm actually from Britain and firstly I'd like to say thanx to every1 who saw the film bought it or loved it! it's nice 2 know that the work of the british film making industry is not going unnoticed overseas!<BR>i loved this film and moved house around a year ago! it wasn't until a neighbour had informed us that our film was actually used in the film and was included in the final cut!<BR>the parts involving my home are quite long ones so watch put for them! here goes:<BR>1, when they're practising in the lounge and are all stood there in their boxers feeling a bit shameful! 2 guys then come in and attempt to reposess his tv! they pick it up and turn round to find the rest of the lads stood there with no clothes on and i believe their words are 'put down and piss off'!<BR>2, the second place where my film is featured is when robert carlyle and the fat guy are stood outside playing with the knomes in their ex-bosses garden! this was again my front garden which i have to admit is now a knome-free zone!<BR>3, the third place where my house is featured is when they are in a bedroom and one of them is laid on a sunbed and i think carlyle enters with a pack of red leather thongs for them each to wear!<BR>i know this isn't really a review so here's a quick synopsis!<BR>the steel industry becomes non existant and all workers are made redundant. in order for carlyle to maintain contact with his son he has to provide for him which involves getting money! however not being work fans he entails his friends and they become strippers in order to make a few bob! the film follows the planning the set backs and they're eventual success! a gr8 film, great plot, great characters, great storyline and no matter how many times you see it you'll always notice something new and it'll never fail to have you in tears! enjoy USA!
006092988X|4.0|A Tree Grows In Brooklyn is a great touching story of a young girl growing up in poverty stricken early 20th century Brooklyn, New York. This girls name is Francie and the story is about her life from birth to her late teenage years. During this time, the book tells us many stories such as her school, her writings, and her family. The reader also gets to know Francie inside and out, basically from the little details the writer includes that normally would not be important in a story. We learn to sympathize with Francie and relate to her. This book also describes greatly the horrors of poverty for anyone. All in all, this is a wonderful piece of fiction that anyone can learn/relate to in their lives.
B00000AFWW|5.0|This is a great album!  I've been listening to it over and over.  Courtney Love is so talented; if she would only stay straight.  I love Dying and Northern Star, in addition to Malibu.
B00003CXCT|5.0|I saw these when they first came out at the theaters. Yes I was there to see them the first time. And I love what Lucas has done.<BR>I always hated those little black boxes around the ships and the poor effects. Not to mention the sound quality.<BR>These movies have been given a make over and they now hold their own with modern movies.<BR>Good job Lucas!
0790729628|3.0|The magnificence of the original screen release was not only the fantastic future vistas created by Syd Mead but the &quot;film noir&quot; grit which was added with Harrison Ford's fine effort.  The narration gave color and dimension to an otherwise lifeless script and made us feel for a character.  Without the narration, all the characters appear as if they are replicants.
6305784116|5.0|I love everything about this movie. Ava Gabor is wonderful as the voice of Duchess. The kittens in the story are sooo sweet. This is a must have for anyone who is a true Disney fan.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Okay, I may get beaten up for what I am about to say, but I must say it. I hate Star Wars, Star Trek, Stargate and many other sci-fi shows. When my friends spoke highly of the canceled show 'Firefly', I refused to see it. I thought it was a rip-off of the anime 'Outlaw Star' when I saw the commercial with River in the box (Melfina, the android of the anime, also was found curled up in a similar box). But then one friend really made my ears perk up. One of my favorite actresses, Jewel Staite, was one of the nine main characters on the show! I chuckled at that because I first fell in love with her when she played Catalina on 'Space Cases' which Billy Mummy also helped create and Catalina was an engineering genius, much like Kaylee which Jewel plays wonderfully in 'Firefly'.<br />When I bought the boxset, my heart was troubled. What was I thinking?! I hate sci-fi shows! But it was all for Jewel, I reminded myself. Lo-and-behold, 'Firefly' is now my favorite show on Earth! I need more!!! *Twitches* It has enjoyable characters, lots of humor, drama, a little dash of sex and violence plus a plot line that can be followed pretty easily! All the characters are well-played and I was pleasantly surprised that I actually liked the main character (usually I like one of the minor characters more then the boring hero seen in many different shows) and understood his struggles with himself, his past and his faith. I was also very surprised at how cheery Jewel's character was. She usually plays the stubborn but nice girls who sometimes turn their noses up at the world. I also liked how the writers made us like Kaylee in the first episode right away before she was...well, you have to find out!<br />If you like space drama/action adventures, don't hesitate to buy it. If you don't, I say buy it when you get some extra cash like I did. Believe me, you won't regret it! <br />I can't wait until the movie comes out... I need to see it...now... o_o
B00005JLXE|3.0|Maybe I'm getting old or something, but remember in the days of superheroes of old (Superman, Batman,etc.), the superheroes were just that ---SUPER.  In this flick, Ben Affleck as Daredevil gets his butt kicked by Jennifer Garner, Michael Clarke Duncan and Colin Farrell----he's like wimpo the magnificent!  I know they do this to make it more \\"realistic?\\", but look folks, no one likes to see their good guy get bounced all over the place, especially by a woman!!!!!  That out of the way, DAREDEVIL didn't fully work for me because it is sooooo DARK and DISMAL.  Even the lighting is moody and morose.  Granted, most of the CGI effects were impressive, but unlike SPIDERMAN, they weren't as fluent or viewable.  Daredevil moves around so fast you can't really tell what he's doing.<br />Affleck surprised me with a good performance, particularly in his non-Daredevil scenes; Garner was gorgeous, but it was hard to swallow her kung fun antics; Colin Farrell was very good as Bullseye--he's the only one who looked like he was having a good time; Duncan is wasted as Kingpin; although a good actor, he was woefully miscast in this one.<br />Although DAREDEVIL is ultimately entertaining, it's like eating an eclair..it's good while you're eating it, but it's really just a lot of dough with no filling.
B0001N1RU8|5.0|Give the girl a break. This is good stuff. Perhaps not what you'd come to expect but listen and know she's got teeth for this too! Everyone, artists especially, should be encouraged to visit another room now and again....maybe she'll stay awhile, maybe progress again. Sit back and enjoy the journey without preconception. Complaisancy killed creativity.
0312995423|1.0|I put the Da Vinci Code down after two chapters and said &quot;Never again&quot;. This was a bad hangover promise and I then read Digital Fortress in entirety. This time I am keeping the hangover promise. No more Dan Brown for me.<br />Dan Brown isn't writing for software engineers, computer techs or anyone who has the most basic computing knowledge here. Don't rip him apart for this. He is writing at a level for a young teenage (possibly pre-teenage) market or someone who wants to read a book (any book) but doesn't want anything too demanding.<br />He has his market. This is obvious with sales achieved. Just don't expect anything good from him until he writes from the heart rather than the wallet. The last time I read anything as poorly structured and unbelievably trite throughout was a supposed literary offering by Jeffrey Archer (British author, convicted criminal and complete arse).<br />Here's a thought... Almost everyone with a TV in the US (or even the world) has caught an episode of CSI. If you haven't... This TV show follows the activities of the forensic department of the Las Vegas police. In each episode one forensic expert will explain to another forensic expert, in great detail, what they have discovered even when the second expert has witnessed the procedures which have lead to the scientific conclusion of the first expert. You would hope that both experts would know what/how etc and may get a little ticked off when their colleague is telling them what they already know. They 'hmm' and nod... and on to the next scene. This is how Digital Fortress works. It's a TV plot for a show about experts but with an ignorant/inexperienced audience in need of education. So Mr Brown employs the CSI device of &quot;expert telling expert what they already know&quot; and letting the reader/viewer listen in. It's bloody annoying in CSI and it's a badly used and abused device in Digital Fortress. Even worse when the audience knows the information is flawed or downright incorrect.<br />I rarely regret reading a book of any sort but this left me shaking my head in disbelief. How did this drivel sell so many copies?incorrect.<br />I rarely regret reading a book of any sort but this left me shaking my head in disbelief. How did this drivel sell so many copies?
1590866347|5.0|I loved this audio book!  I found the story interesting because the man had gone back to visit an old teacher, which is a desire of mine.  The two developed a special friendship as the author chronicled his conversations with Morrie each Tuesday as Morrie was dealing with a terminal illness.  I would listen to this book while driving to and from work.  There were mornings that I would pull into the work garage crying.  I cared so much for Morrie and I didn't even know him.  This book is tops on my list.
0375432302|1.0|I gave it a star as there isn't a 'no star' option.<br />Forget the supposedly &quot;controversial&quot; content and concentrate on the quality of writing and story structure. Mr Brown writes for an immature teenage audience. The cast are poor caricatures in a badly directed play without a real plot. The scenes are pure fantasy and I just get the feeling that Dan Brown is writing to order. He may well have talent (he can fill the pages) but I won't believe it is beyond the mundane, publisher prompted airport level, until he can write something with the detail and depth of Frederick Forsyth, say. Forsyth is no master either but I think his writing comes from experience and the heart rather than overdone research and editorial interference.<br />I read the first couple of chapters and couldn't wait to put it down. The plot was weak, the writing poor and the detail pompous and overblown.
B000056IKS|5.0|I first heard this album in 1973 - 1974.  It's hypnotic music transfixed me as a teenager and was deeply embossed into my tender young psychy.  I bought the album last year and played it again and I continue to enjoy it - why did I buy it again ? - because I still hadn't gotten Hallogallo to stop playing in my head !  This album evokes a broad range of feelings, fom pathos, to fear, aggression to serenity - like no other I have heard.  Yeah it's wierd - but if you get it - you get it good.
B000268QB2|5.0|I knew about Keane from the beginning - therefore forcing me to wait for 6 months for this debut release. All I can say is that it is probably the most pleasing wait ever, because the final result is an absolutely brilliant release from Tom Chaplin and the boys. They are much better than the sleep inducing Coldplay (who I hate) and their debut album shows alot of promise for a long career yet. Having seen them live I can tell you that Tom's vocals didnt need much studio trickery - so if you are looking for an improvement on Coldplay or just wanna buy a great album - then Keane are for you !
B00005JLO2|2.0|l would give 4 white feathers to the following who were involved with this remake: 1 to the Editor for a lack of coherence and choppy scenes; 1 to the writer for incompetent plotting; 1 to the director for losing control over the basic plot; and the 4th to the studio for releasing this bombastic bomb, an insult to the book and for releasing a movie vastly inferior to the wondrous, compact 1939 version.<BR>As usual for movies of this ilk, the production values were superb, but the poor writing and worse editing ruined its viewing.lt virtually became nonsensical at the end.
B00005JNEI|5.0|It's funny to see all these 1 star reviews, considering no one has come out to disprove any of the facts in this film. All they have is a number of poorly written books and subpar movies that only offer opinions of Michael Moore's large bodily frame. <br /> <br />This isn't the America I once knew. Damn neo-cons
B0001NBMBC|5.0|I have been waiting almost a year for there new cd. I read a review in a magazine in MAY of 2003 that they were going to be recording new music and that they hoped to get the new cd out in September of 2003. Never happened as I waited till October. I heard they would release it in December of 2003. Never happened. Then I found out it would be released on May 25, 2004. I couldn't wait. It was well worth the wait though. This is probably in my top 10 favorite cd's so far and that's out of about 150 cd's.<br />If you liked Joey's drumming in the last two cd's wait till you here this cd. Throughout the cd you wil be stunned at how good his drumming is.<br />I read out of magazines about the new cd and saw pictures of them wearing there new masks and I thought this was going to be heavier then the last one by what there masks looked like. There masks are way cooler but I kind of miss them with the older masks.<br />This is way different then both albums. Stonesour has changed Corey I believed. No screaming. No cursing. At first I thought it was a joke. Now when I hear Corey I think of Stonesour and I don't really want to. I want to think of Slipknot but I'm starting to realize that it is Slipknot by listening to it over and over again.<br />You have to listen to this cd two times to actually get use to there new sound. The first time you concentrate more on Corey's vocals but the second listen you start to realize that it's still good in other ways. You pay more attention to the drumming and the guitar and realize that not everything has changed. They also brought back the turntable which is used in most of the songs. One big change is that there are no swear words at all. I think its cool though.<br />It now feautures acoustic guitar which is awesome in Vermilion Pt.2. More guitar playing(solos) kind of like old Metallica in the other songs. <br />The songs:<BR>1-Prelude 3.0-(3:57)-10/10<BR>2-The Blister Exists-(5:19)-10/10<BR>3-Three Nil-(4:48)-9/10<BR>4-Duality-(4:12)-10/10<br />5-Opium of the People-(3:12)-8/10<BR>6-Circle-(4:22)-10/10<BR>7-Welcome-(3:15)-10/10<BR>8-Vermilion-(5:16)-10/10<BR>9-Pulse of the Maggots-(4:19)-10/10<BR>10-Before I Forget-(4:38)-8/10<BR>11-Vermilion PT.2-(3:44)-10/10<BR>12-The Nameless-(4:27)-10/10<BR>13-The Virus of Life-(5:25)-10/10<BR>14-Danger, Keep Away-(3:20)-8/10 <br />I'm a little worried to listen to the older Slipknot albums now because I like there new stuff better. Overall this is a great album. It is good for any fan of metal/rock music.
B000002J09|1.0|Man I work with recommend this CD.  Why such noise?  And old noise too, from 60's.  No such thing as stairway to heaven either. Not understanding why people like this music.  Woman who sing the song sound like she is feeling in pain.  She yell and scream.  Not good.
B0000CEB4V|1.0|From reading the other reviews about this production, it would appear everyone was in awe.  Here's one that was/is not.  Upfront I'll admit that while I am a die hard Beatles fan, I was not a die hard George Harrison fan.  He got too weird for me.  Aside from that, to me, this entire production fell far short.  The only uplifting moments were the focus on Billy Preston.  HE brought energy to an otherwise lifeless performance.  When I see something is DTS, I expect the sound quality to be phenomenal.  This is not and far from it.  I have a very elaborate HT system and when truly high quality DTS hits my system, the quality is impeccable.  Not this disc.  For a couple points of reference, Eagles 'Hell Freezes Over' or Elton John 'Greatest Hits One Night Only' are superb and breathtaking.  This couldn't hold a candle to either of these.  There is a claim that this was shot with high definition --- where?  I get a better picture from my non-digital/non-hi-def cable channels!<br />Anyhow, I will never watch this again.  I'd encourage you to rent it before you buy it.
0156027321|4.0|If you haven't read it...get it.  I found this book to be very entertaining.  Also found other titles interesting:<br />'Hemorrhage in My Head' by NMR<BR>'Three Junes'
B0000AR8NK|4.0|2002's &quot;Heathen&quot; was the beacon on the mountain for Bowie fans who hoped the eloquent and moving minimalism of 1999's &quot;Hours&quot; was not just an aberration on the way to another noisily ambitious effort such as &quot;Outside.&quot; Yet even for all &quot;Heathen&quot; did to suggest that Bowie had finally swept his Tin Machine under the rug for good, disonant techno freak-outs like &quot;Took A Trip on a Gemini Spaceship&quot; anticipated the tight rope Bowie walks on &quot;Reality,&quot; a record so ambitious in production and sound as to be constantly on the verge of explosion. While &quot;Hours&quot; played like a dressed-up stepchild of &quot;Hunky Dory,&quot; &quot;Reality&quot; picks up where &quot;Scary Monsters&quot; left off. As on that 80s masterpiece, each song on Reality approaches but never crosses the boundary between melody and mania. The result is a gorgeously successful restraint and maturity; the kind of reservation of his powers that  moments of even his most lauded works have lacked. No song on &quot;Reality&quot; illustrates this more aptly than the stunning and ethereal &quot;Days,&quot; one of the most moving productions of Bowie's career. Similarly tender and understated compositions like &quot;Fall Dog Bombs The Moon&quot; or the darkly seductive and jazzy &quot;Bring Me The Disco King&quot; balance nicely with noisier and farther-reaching explosions of melody so radiant as to light the world on fire: &quot;New Killer Star&quot; with its subtle nod to the doo-wop hit &quot;I Will Follow Him,&quot; his cover of the Modern Lovers' under-ground punk hit &quot;Pablo Picasso,&quot; the bright &quot;Looking For Water.&quot; By the time the title track finally comes around, Bowie's vocals sound appropriately drained and the sound itself seems closest to driving off the deep end of the album's steel composure. But such meticulous production might have seemed inhuman without at least this one less-structured and overblown track. There simply had to be a pressure valve and the title tracks happens to be it; but there is hardly a song on here whose melodies are not infectious. When songs like these get stuck in your head, you hope they never leave.e simply had to be a pressure valve and the title tracks happens to be it; but there is hardly a song on here whose melodies are not infectious. When songs like these get stuck in your head, you hope they never leave.
B00009UW0N|5.0|Ok you people out there that think friday the 13th is better you people must not know slasher flicks, if you didn't know Halloween was 2nd to Texas Chainsaw ,but that movie was a joke. Jason and Freddy movies are carbon copies of halloween face it jason is a guy with a knife and a mask with a black jumpsuit hmm sounds familiar. For those people say this movie has no plot apparantly never saw this movie. face it people halloween was the best and forever will be the best
0380788624|5.0|Plot Summary: How to summarize this plot...Well, It starts with 2 professors and 1 student riding bikes at a late 1930's Princeton talking about zeta functions and building a machine to do calculations. Then there are WWII stories from Bobby Shaftoe's and Lawrence Waterhouse's (the student above) very different perspectives. They are both part of a code-breaking part of the US military where Waterhouse is one of the chief enemy code crackers, along with Alan Turing for the British from the bike ride above, and Shaftoe one of the soldiers carrying out seemingly strange orders to make the results of these cracked codes look like random occurances. It takes a long time in the book for Shaftoe to realize the true agenda behind 90% of his missions. Waterhouse has added large sections to the Cryptonomicon, the compendium of all crypto knowledge, as a result of his work. The other part of the story involves Randy Waterhouse (grandson of Lawrence) and his new company Epiphyte trying to develop a data haven in the south Pacific and the various legal and technical troubles that it involves and the enemies they accrue. Randy and co. meet up with the Shaftoe descendants as part of a surveying and cable laying venture in the Philippines. One of the WWII era characters, Enoch Root, starts emailing Randy Waterhouse messages concerning a certain crypto system that was not broken during the war. This is the same secret code that Randy's grandfather Lawrence was also working on in his lifetime incidentally. Eventually, almost every decendant of a war era character, if not that character himself, becomes involved in what becomes a large treasure hunt. The plot is in no way as simplistic and boring as I made it sound, despite the seemingly boring subject matter of cryptography and digital currency may be.<br />Opinion: This is a long book, but I loved it. It is incredibly funny at several points and had me chuckling out loud. The 2 main plotlines are pretty seperate for like 700 of the900 pages but come together in a very nice way. I liked the writing style most of the time. Long, train-of-thought sentences, very descriptive. It drew a nice mental picture of things. The story was very engaging all around and I never felt like the novel was dragging. The characters were very believable. I'm an engineer and didn't get lost in any of the technical, code-breaking and cryptological discussions, some people might. There are graphs in this book which usually deal with something like Lawrence's work performance vs. how many times he has ejaculated and how to optimize his work, so don't be intimidated with those, they are tangents most of the time. For the super nerdy among us, there is a complete description of the \\"Solitaire\\" encryption method in the Appendix...not to mention a PERL script in the text somewhere around page 450.<br />Recommendation: Read it. 5 out of 5 stars. Did I mention this is funny? I will be reading more Stephenson due to how much I enjoyed this book.
B00007AJGH|5.0|I was 10 when &quot;Who Framed Roger Rabbit?&quot; came out and it is just as much fun to watch now, maybe funnier because I missed some of the humor back then. Roger's a riot and his wife, Jessica Rabbit (&quot;I'm not bad, I'm just drawn that way&quot;), is truly a toon vixen. Bob Hoskin's Eddie Valiant is sent to find out the truth when the owner of Toon Town is murdered after playing patty-cake (literally) with Jessica. Everyone assumes a jealous Roger did it and that washed-up detective Eddie can't hack it anymore. There is lots of subtle humor, like when Eddie asks for a scotch on the rocks in a 'toon bar and instead of ice he gets actual rocks. Eddie seriously hates Toon Town because his brother had a piano dropped on his head, but he eventually becomes pals with Roger, overcomes his hatred of Toon Town and clears Roger's name. Christopher Lloyd's Judge Doom is perfectly creepy and his squad of weasels are funny as they try to stop Eddie and Roger from discovering the truth.<br /><br />The interaction between the live actors and the toons is seamless, probably why the movie won four Oscars. The behind the scenes features and commentaries are great, the entire 2-disc set is incredibly well-thought out and packaged, making it a must-have for the fan.
B00003CXXS|4.0|Yes, this movie does have some plot holes, and it is not as good as the first movie in the series, but this movie is definitely better than &quot;The Lost World.&quot;  Somewhat formulaic at this point, but still a decent movie with a simpler and more plausible plot line than the previous movie.<br />A couple's son is parasailing off the back of a boat off Isla Sorna when something unseen happens to the people driving the boat.  The boy's parents, Paul Kirby (William H. Macy) and Amanda Kirby (T?a Leoni), enlist Dr. Ian Malcolm (Jeff Goldblum) to help get the boy back.  However, they have to trick Dr. Malcolm into returning to the island, because he, rightfully, thinks being on that island is a very bad idea.<br />As it turns out, landing a plane on the island was a very bad idea, and now the erstwhile rescuers are running for their lives.  Along the way they find Erik Kirby (Trevor Morgan), and the only remaining task is to escape from the island.<br />Several new dinosaurs are introduced in this movie, including really cool pteranodons and a spinosaurus.  The pteranodons act like giant birds, and are appropriately scary.  The spinosaurus shows that the tyrannosaurus was not the king of the world.  The encounters with the dinosaurs recall the thrills of the first movie in this series and are interesting and enjoyable.<br />There are a few plot holes in this movie, but fewer than in the previous movie.  By keeping the plot simple and having fewer characters with a simpler motivation the movie avoids the incongruities of the previous movie.  This movie was more creative and intriguing and favored adrenaline over depth, as in the first movie.  The shorter length of the movie also minimizes opportunities to overly analyze the plot, keeping the focus on the action.  A sequel not quite as good as the original, but superior to its predecessor.
B000024D4R|5.0|animals was along with the wall,wish you were here and the dark side of the moon one of the best albums ever made by this great rock band and it also happens to be one of my favourites.i would recommended that you buy this album and listen to and enjoy it like i have.very highly recommended.
B00004U8JV|3.0|&quot;Jurassic Park&quot; could be forgiven the lack of story and character development because it was artfully crafted to be a thrill ride.  This sequel, also inspired by Michael Chrichton's book, departs more from the story and fully flops into the B-movie category.<br />Jeff Goldblum is back visiting the dinosaurs, along with several other characters from the previous movie.  This time our scientists are observing the behavior of the dinosaurs, trying to learn as much as possible, a very scientist-like activity.  However, greed plays a part once again as a team of big-game hunters come to the island to attempt to capture an array of dinosaurs for a dinosaur zoo in an attempt for Ingen to recoup some of its substantial investment in the dinosaurs.<br />All appears to be going well for everyone except the dinosaurs until the scientists decide to play environmentalists and release all the dinosaurs from their cages.  The dinosaurs go on a rampage (ever seen a rampaging triceratops?), destroying the camp of the hunters.  Even then our scientists would have been okay had they not decided to help a baby tyrannosaurus.  The parents track down the baby with predictably bad results for the humans.<br />Now scientists and big game hunters alike are on the run from the tyrannosaurs, and in the process of escaping they encounter our old friends the raptors, still intelligent, still agile, and still very hungry.<br />Eventually some of the characters escape, and the tyrannosaurus and its baby are captured so that they can be taken to California.  Something unexplained happens on the ship and the only thing left are the tyrannosaurs and a hand trying keeping a cargo bay door closed.  Remove the hand and a miniature Godzilla roams the streets of San Diego.<br />The first Jurassic Park movie had plot holes that you were able to ignore in favor of the cool special effects and the action.  This time the plot holes are bigger than the movie.  Real scientists do not behave as Dr. Sarah Harding (Julianne Moore) does in this movie.  As Dr. Ian Malcolm (Jeff Goldblum) advises her, &quot;Do not interact,&quot; a basic rule of scientific observation.  Interacting is for Green Peace and the Sierra Club, not for real scientists.<br />Our hunters blunder about in a manner that is guaranteed to get them killed.  They run when they should walk.  They walk when they should stay put.  The actions of the supposed scientists continually put everyone into danger.  When you remove the bullets from a gun, and the gun is later used to attempt to protect you, the result is predictable.  The plot holes continue in allowing the tyrannosaur escape.<br />Added to the plot holes are moments of humor that further spin this movie into the realm of low-budget monster movies.  The scene with the dog in a San Diego suburb was completely unnecessary.  Of course, by that point I was beyond disappointed with the movie.<br />This movie does have a few good points, all based on action scenes, but the plot holes outweigh the good portions and the mistakes and silly behavior make this movie difficult to watch.  I give this movie three stars because the special effects continued to be good, the only redeeming feature of this movie.rah Harding (Julianne Moore) does in this movie.  As Dr. Ian Malcolm (Jeff Goldblum) advises her, &quot;Do not interact,&quot; a basic rule of scientific observation.  Interacting is for Green Peace and the Sierra Club, not for real scientists.<br />Our hunters blunder about in a manner that is guaranteed to get them killed.  They run when they should walk.  They walk when they should stay put.  The actions of the supposed scientists continually put everyone into danger.  When you remove the bullets from a gun, and the gun is later used to attempt to protect you, the result is predictable.  The plot holes continue in allowing the tyrannosaur escape.<br />Added to the plot holes are moments of humor that further spin this movie into the realm of low-budget monster movies.  The scene with the dog in a San Diego suburb was completely unnecessary.  Of course, by that point I was beyond disappointed with the movie.<br />This movie does have a few good points, all based on action scenes, but the plot holes outweigh the good portions and the mistakes and silly behavior make this movie difficult to watch.  I give this movie three stars because the special effects continued to be good, the only redeeming feature of this movie.
B000002I2G|5.0|This album has receive in the past and still to this day a lot of negative feedback. I realize that everyone has the right to voice their own opinion but I actually like this album.The Doors were experimenting with a lot of new and different sounds on THE SOFT PARADE and is clear that they were trying to perhaps confuse their listeners and they succeeded I believe but this album has a strong dosage of blues, rock and even a little funk but overall is a very well crafted album and the songs are very original and they are all very different. This album is perhaps the strangest that band had recorded up to that point but that doesn't diminish the great quality of the music contained herein. TELL ALL THE PEOPLE, is perhaps my favorite track on the album and I really like Jim Morrison's voice on this one, it is very clear and direct. TOUCH ME, was ofcourse the album's big hit and a great song to listen to this one is definately a Doors classic. WISHFUL SINFUL is another great song in which Jim's voice is really good as is the rest of the band. EASY RIDE, I think is really funny, I laugh sometimes when I listen to it and it is not out of disrepect to The Doors by any means but that is my take on the song, it is fast and has a strong country feel to it. RUNNIN BLUE, is another good one and a bit funny as well but still a good song. The album title song THE SOFT PARADE, is a real trip to listen to like Jim says in the beginning &quot;this is the best part of the trip, the part I really like, proud to be a part of this number&quot;. Is a cool and long song to listen to. Finally I would just like to add that this may not have been The Doors best selling album or their greatest masterpiece but with all the negative reviews that it has receive in the past, THE SOFT PARADE still stands as one of The Doors most original and eloquentely conceived recordings. A must for any Doors fan.
B00003CXAT|5.0|There are several ways to critique this movie, each of which would lead you to a different conclusion.  It can be critiqued as a story, which is a bit weak.  It can be critiqued on development of the characters, which is even weaker.  Or it can be critiqued on the basis of being a special effects thrill ride, which is exactly what it is.<br />This movie was based on the Michael Crichton book, which has a much better story and character development than the movie.  However, the book is also much longer and while better in the story development, it is unable to compete with the adrenaline rush you get by seeing what appears to be a full-sized tyrannosaurus rex chasing after a jeep, giant jaws and sharp teeth gnashing inches from a passenger.  The special effects in this movie make it the equivalent of a ride at Universal Studios.<br />The plot device is that John Hammond has been collecting the blood from mosquitoes entombed in amber, and using the DNA from that blood to create dinosaurs.  His goal is to put those dinosaurs into an animal park where people can visit for goodly sums of money.  Of course, just because you can do something, should you, a question asked by character Dr. Ian Malcolm (Jeff Goldblum).  As it turns out, greed on the part of one of the characters helps in the escape of the critters, including the highly intelligent, carnivorous and agile raptors.  While the raptors are somewhat larger than raptors as we know them from paleontology, they are fearsome and scary and designed to give anyone nightmares.<br />What ensues is a non-stop chase as the perpetually hungry dinosaurs attempt to make a meal of the humans, and the humans do their best to avoid becoming a meal and trying to get off the island.  While the plot has a few weaknesses in spots, ignore them.  This movie is about the special effects and the chase.  Avoid analyzing the events and allow the dinosaurs to be scary.  Plug this DVD into your home theater system and crank up the bass to get the full effect of a running dinosaurs.<br />This movie is great entertainment.  It is a thrill ride and you do not examine thrill rides too deeply; you just experience them.  Five stars for special effects that were phenomenal when this movie was first released.the full effect of a running dinosaurs.<br />This movie is great entertainment.  It is a thrill ride and you do not examine thrill rides too deeply; you just experience them.  Five stars for special effects that were phenomenal when this movie was first released.
B00007G207|5.0|To make it short, this is the one and only movie that makes me cry every time I watch it. It's the kind of movie that melts your heart and keeps you thinking about it for days ahead. Also, I've never heard a soundtrack as beautiful as the one in this movie. It only helps bring out your tears more easily, especially in the last sequence.
B00005QCYC|5.0|When this set came out we decided that we had to have it as our previous versions were on VHS.  The bonus with this set of four is the fourth disk with all the wonderful extra features.  If you enjoy learning how movies are made the fourth disk, while long, is a great companion to the three movies themselves.<br />&quot;Jurassic Park&quot; introduced us to digital dinosaurs, and how fearsome they could be with modern computer technology.  This movie advanced horror and monsters movie in a method similar to the way &quot;Alien&quot; advanced movies.  &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; immediately became an audience favorite and the new standard by which special effects would be judged.  Stephen Spielberg effectively combined in-your-face terror with special effects to keep people at the edge of their seats and in awe of the life-like creatures.<br />&quot;The Lost World&quot; unfortunately did not measure up to &quot;Jurassic Park.&quot;  Many of the characters were unbelievable and there were too many plot holes that were too readily visible to make the movie enjoyable from beginning to end.  While there were several parts of the movie that were well-done, there were at least as many parts where the actions of the characters was unrealistic when considering how people in their positions would normally behave.  The bumps in actions of the characters just did not allow me to focus on the plot throughout.  Another problem with this movie is that it focused too much on action, and very little on the characters themselves.  Thus, the movie comes across as more of a cartoon than a horror movie.<br />&quot;Jurassic Park III&quot; simplified the plot, added new dinosaurs, and allowed the characters to develop more than &quot;The Lost World.&quot;  The short length of the movie forced the movie to be more simple than the previous movie, and that simplicity makes for a good movie.  The best new dinosaur in this movie had to be the pteranodons, though the spinosaur was great also.  The characters in this movie generally acted as I would expect them to, and there were fewer outright acts of stupidity.  Even the theft of a raptor egg was done in ignorance.  So while it was a convenient plot device, you would expect something like that by someone with only minimal knowledge of dinosaurs.  I was very happy to see Sam Neill returning in the role of Dr. Alan Grant.  His character particularly is very believable.<br />If you have yet to buy all these movies, and you thought they were all at least good, if not great, this set is an excellent addition to a home video library.characters in this movie generally acted as I would expect them to, and there were fewer outright acts of stupidity.  Even the theft of a raptor egg was done in ignorance.  So while it was a convenient plot device, you would expect something like that by someone with only minimal knowledge of dinosaurs.  I was very happy to see Sam Neill returning in the role of Dr. Alan Grant.  His character particularly is very believable.<br />If you have yet to buy all these movies, and you thought they were all at least good, if not great, this set is an excellent addition to a home video library.
B000024D4R|5.0|pogo needs an ass kick. what do you think guys.please check out his foolish reviews and you will then agree with me..this cd is a classic.GO AND BUY IT.!!!!!!!!!!!
B00000K19E|5.0|The Star Wars Prequels sure were not the movies to bring the wonderment of sci-fi to a new generation.  But one mysteriously unrecognized (by the Academy) film is.  Keanu Reeves is Neo, who leads a cast of characters with equally cool names on a quest to set people free from the Matrix, a virtual reality that is: our reality.  This Matrix is set up by machines to keep humans happy while we are used as fuel cells for the vast world of the Machines.<br />This is a movie to watch over and over, as there is such an original and thought-provoking (if not mind-boggling) script.  What makes this movie so unusual is that is is both highly intellectual and action-packed.  With the Matrix, movie-making, as well as culture, have moved up a notch.  Nothing will ever be the same after these movies.
B00005Y6RY|5.0|I've heard this album called melt. Regardless of its title, this is by far one of the most well put together albums of all time! There isn't a flaw on it-right from the get go. Intruder for all those 70's lifestyles(wink) will keep your mind busy! No self control,And through the wire, Not one of us, I don't remember all are great rockers. Biko has you singing along as well as games without frontiers. The instruments on this album are very intelligently arranged to keep you wandering how many musicians are playing here. I highly recomend this album-no matter what your musical preference. By far Gabriel's finest work!
B00005JM0B|3.0|T3 was released ten years after the massive blockbuster T2.  Times have changed in the U.S. since 1992.  It is good that the hype and anticipation was not as big for the third installment as it was for T2, because the decent T3 would have been a terrible letdown.<br />T3 has a cute 'lil Terminatrix kicking outdated Arnold's a**.  The young man John Connor, who is more surly now than he was as a teen, is dragged all over kingdom come against his wishes.  He just wants to be left alone.  He does not want to be anyone's saviour.  Claire Danes is there to keep him in line along with Arnold.<br />There is a fine line in films between being dark, and being depressing.  T3 is dark, but it comes near the line.  In essence, T3's message is that you cannot escape your fate, no matter how hard you try.  The only thing you can do is deal with it.  It really makes you think, which bespeaks well for the film.  I think a T4 is in order to bring back some of the hope for humanity that this third film took away from the first two films, and indeed that the last ten years have taken away from the innocent early '90's in this country.  Arnold looks physically wonderful in this movie, hardly different from the second film. He is an inspiration to all.
0062502182|5.0|THE ALCHEMIST is the story of a young Andalusian shepherd who pursues his dream to travel to Egypt where he hopes to find a treasure.<br />Santiago spent two years at a seminary where he received an education. He left after he decided not to become a priest. He told his parents that he wanted to travel, and his father told him that poor people where not able to travel, unless they were shepherds. So, Santiago became a shepherd and moved his flock of sheep all over Spain. He learned a great deal from his sheep, but he made sure to keep reading and he always carried a book with him.<br />He encounters many people on his journeys, including a king, a gypsy and a true alchemist. The alchemist tells Santiago to \\"tell his heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself, and that no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dreams, because every second of the search is a second encounter with God and with eternity.\\" In the desert he learns to see with both his eyes and his heart, he also meets Fatima and falls in love.<br />This book is simply written, but I can already tell that certain parts of the story will always remain in my mind.
0140430105|2.0|This novel takes forever to get to the point of the story. I couldn't even finish it! Try PRIDE AND PREJUDICE instead - at least it has a plot. Speaking of which, I couldn't understand the plot of EMMA, if there even was one. Try another Austen book.
6300216748|5.0|I liked the plot and the technical twists and turns of this thriller. Robert Redford plays a cia employee who reads books to find possible codes. He finds patterns and trys to break them or alert the Cia to there existence. He comes across something that causes his whole office or team to be wiped out leaving him as the only survivor, because he was out to lunch. How he goes about trying to survive is very intelligent and entertaining. There is a dry romance between he and Dunaway. He is on the run and time is not on hand so there scenes are quick and to the point. I liked the dialogue it was also dry and to the point. It sometimes took a few minutes for it to sink in. A highly intelligent film with good entertainment value. Worth watching.
0345410025|1.0|This is the most obnoxious book I have every attempted to read.  You have to remember what the associations are before u remember what u want to remember.  I am sorry that this book is not what I expected, along with the rest of his books.  It is a lot of words and associations with meaningless values. Its not worth the money.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I have been a Science Fiction fan most of my life, Firefly, In my opinion is the best Show I have ever Watched.<BR>The writing, the Cast, the direction, it is simply perfect.
0790731002|1.0|this may have been said before, but these last 2 sequels are like gay disco batman movies. joel shummacher even decided to put in rubber nipples for the last flick to add some homoerotic tone for the whole family, so if that's your cup of tea you will probably think this waste of plastic is just peachy.
B000002VQQ|3.0|I recently bought Trampin`, which I like a lot, and remember living in a ground floor flat in Exeter when Horses galloped onto the scene, below a young woman who played it all day long, so I heard it without really hearing it - all bloody day long.  Now I have a copy - I was almost afraid to play it - and can only respond, exasperatedly, by noticing Patti Smith`s humourlessness, an abrasive earnestness I find grating.  I don`t feel I`m `missing the point` when I say that I think she is at her best on her more melodic pieces (the two beautiful opening songs on Trampin` for example) and that her `poetry` - so Beat, so what? - is too random, messy & devoid of humour or - well, fun.  I like Patti Smith - and I shall be seeing her, along with the great (and witty) Television, next week - but it seems to be the mature Patti who moves me rather than the Jim Morrison worshipper and over-eager pal of Bill Burroughs.  (Later...the concert was terrific. Patti looked gleeful! Television were a blast.)
B00007KWHP|5.0|My second favorite Yes album. It is one of the two best yes albums (also CTTE). I would recommend, if you never heard yes before, to get this album first. Then get Close to the edge. The five solo tracks are all amazing. Ricks &quot;Cans and Brahms&quot; (an adaption) has great arrangments and while it doesnt really fit with the album, many can still apprecitate, especially if you like the classical style or you are a keyboard player. Jons &quot;We have Heaven&quot; is like heaven where he does five different well fit and blissful vocal parts. Bill Brufords &quot;Five per cent for nothing&quot; is just insane. The music is taken from the percussion line and is a short instrumental song that is just insane. Chris Squires &quot;The Fish&quot; is amazing. He useing different sounds of the bass and has about 3 or 4 bass parts at a time. Steve Howes classic classical &quot;Mood for a Day&quot; ends the solos and a fine ending it is so that &quot;Heart of the Sunrise&quot; can jump in and scare you. The 4 group songs are all such amazing songs also including the classic hit &quot;Roundabout&quot;, &quot;South Side of the Sky&quot;, &quot;Heart of the Sunrise&quot; and &quot;Long Distance Runaround&quot;. The group work, in my opinion, is better but this whole cd is amazing.
B00005JMUA|5.0|I have to tell you, I wanted to hate this -- I really did. I even waited till 2 was out to see 1 on DVD. But it was excellent. And 2 was better than 1. Tarantino renewed my faith in him. Seriously one of the most exciting films I've seen in years -- maybe forever. Action-packed. And so much tension. More than 5 stars. And this is from someone who hates action flicks. Impressive.
B00005YUNY|4.0|This is a great DVD. It is such an unbelievable experience. The orchestra is amazing. The animation is really cool too. The only problem I have with this is the first actual yes song on it, close to the edge. Dont get me wrong, this is my favorite yes song, but when they play it live, they slow it down a lot. I think it sounds better on CD. But dont worry, you can still enjoy the song and other great songs like: And you and I, magnification, ritual (great stage performance), soon, Long distance runaround, I've seen all good people and more. It also includes a steve howe solo section where he plays: Lute Concerto in D major (by Vivaldi, arranged by Steve) and Mood for a Day
B00004RFCM|3.0|A fan of the actual book these were based on, I thought they did a good job of bringing the characters and sketches to life. But the series hits it's stride later when it moves Bushnell's girls into their own. Necessary for the rest of the show. But this is not the best season.
0312995423|1.0|No understanding of software development or the intelligence services.  Lame, lame, lame.  Save your hard earned money.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Yes, this film is not for everyone. But for writers, and people who have actually been abroad and &quot;felt&quot; the mixed up vibe of just plain not being home (or maybe felt not at home AT home either), Lost in Translation captured that exactly. A quiet film that says a lot. And funny. People seem to miss that it's not because Murray is in it (though he is a riot), but because Coppola has a sense of humor. Laugh out loud moments are rare in &quot;high art flicks&quot; but this is one, and it has them. Such rich cinematography too. It's almost sci fi how disoriented you feel in some scenes. Thank you for this film!
B0002234LS|5.0|Wow is all I can say, this movie really suprised me.  When my girlfriend rented I didn't know what to expect, but I had a feeling it was going to be pretty stupid.  The trailers didn't really do anything for me except give me no desire whatsoever to see this movie.  But when it was over, I was really glad that I watched it.  It is a great thriller, Johnny Depp does a great job, and the ending is very good and unexpected.  It definately exceeded my expectations and I would recomend this movie to anyone!
B00009TB5G|3.0|Okay, this was not a BAD film. Of course not -- but as a fan of not only film one, but also the books, fantasy, and even Jackson, I just found this, well, not what I wanted. Battle scenes galore. But it's a war movie. With just a little bit of story thrown in here and there. Sorry -- impressed, but not won over.
0743455967|4.0|I'm not really a big fan King's.  I think when he really wants to he can create something magnificient (like Green Mile, Shawshank Redemption, or Hearts in Atlantis).  But most of his story's I find ridiculous.  His technical prose, however, is outstanding, which is why I picked this up.  It's very inspiring to know that at the lowest point of his life is when he first published Carrie, his first novel.  It makes me think that it's not impossible to finish a novel while working and going to school.  Just focus and get into that writing zone.  The law of inertia states that an object in motion tends to stay in motion.  Get in motion and stay there.
B0001KL5DA|5.0|Nothing can really beat the shock of HOW good the first year was. But this was a great follow-up. And the evolution of Ruth is simply not to be missed. A better family drama is not to be found.
B000148KK2|5.0|New recordings by Diana Krall invite a torrent of bitterness and sarcasm from the cuckoo's nest of Internet reviews, some of which came from actually having heard the recording.  It's obviously personal. Who knows why?  There's the Anthem of the Anal: \\"It isn't jazz.\\"  Others will never get past \\"All for You.\\"  Diana takes them out to a fine restaurant and all they want is corn dogs again.  They'd be happy with 12 cuts of \\"Peel Me a Grape.\\"  (At a concert, you can always expect someone rude enough to shout out a request for it, eliciting no more than a frown from Diana.)  Still others think a singer ought to whimper, moan and caterwaul. They'd do better to cast their lot with \\"American Idol.\\"<br />OK -honestly?  --I was a little disappointed the first time through.  I had hoped for something with saxophones.  I think it safe to say the recording is different from her previous ones.  Why?  Some original writing --that's all.  What's not to like?  There's more variety on this one, with pieces you'd describe as bluesy, jazzy, jazzy-pop, folk-jazz, blah, blah.  Hey, c'mon, what you call it doesn't mean s - - t.  It's all about the music here, and it's as well written as you'll find anywhere, appealing on a more visceral level and all delivered with breathtaking clarity by Krall and the band members.  I've enjoyed it almost daily now for over two months and caught her incredible Calgary concert that included all but one of these songs.   It was just like the album except on steroids.   I'm a loyal Krall fan but Calgary is a hell of long way to drive just out of loyalty.  Bottom line: some folks won't like the record and some will.  It's a matter of personal tastes.  What part of that don't we get?!<br />Don't hate her because she's beautiful.  She's not the only bombshell revealing her physical charms on a CD.  If you think she is, you should crawl out from under your rock some time and look around.  No, Ms. Krall is hot because she is that rare combination of superb pianist/vocalist.  If some people had their wish, there'd be Affirmative Action for homely artists.
B00005JMEW|5.0|I was done with Tarantino. This won me back. I can't say enough how excellent this movie is. I watch it A Lot. Just plain genius. Really.
0385507755|5.0|I read this book from start to finish in a day.  All 381 pages of it (I have an Australian version).  I cried for James.  I cried for Lilly.  And their love for each other.  I cried for James parents.  I cried for Miles.  I laughed with James.  I laughed with Leonard.  I am not and have never been an addict.  I think this would book would definately help addicts though as it is an upfront, in-your-face autobiography.  It doesn't romanticise addictions.  It shows you how they can destroy you and your loved ones.  And a huge congratulations to James for escaping that life despite only have a 17% succession rate.  All the best to James for the future.
B00005JMJG|3.0|Does anyone else think that this film was excellently written and crafted -- and even acted by both stars, but that the chemistry was just off? Either lead could have made this work without the other -- but they would have been very different -- and better -- films. Together? Not the best. Enjoyable, but overall a letdown.
B0001Z53AQ|4.0|In songs like how come, and my band they complain about Eminem(dont get me wrong how come is a great song):}:). Isnt he the one who got you gys recognized. And in songs like Bugz 97, it just shows how much you want to kick Eminem out, but cant because you know youll be nothing. Other than all the (complaining)about Eminem this is actually a pretty good CD. Its reccomended but if you want good d12 get thier 1st CD(devils Night).
B000089RV6|5.0|Back In Black(1980). AC/DC's Sixth Studio Album and the First to feature Brian Johnson on Vocals.<br />Poised on breaking through to American audiences, with Highway To Hell already being certified Gold stateside, things were looking up for Hard Rockers AC/DC. Then, Tragedy Struck. After a night of drinking, Charismatic frontman and vocalist Bon Scott choked on his own vomit(Eww!)ending his illustrious life, and putting AC/DC's career on the line. Luckily, AC/DC decided to continue on without Scott, so they hired virtual sound-alike Brian Johnson for the new vocalist, and set out to rock the world with their new album Back In Black, a Tribute to Bon Scott.Released only 5 Months after Scott's death, Back In Black shot up the Charts, Reaching the Top 5, riding on the heels of singles &quot;Shook Me All Night Long&quot; and &quot;Black In Black&quot;, Back In Black stayed in the charts almost as long as Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon, and has became one of Rock's all-time classics, selling over 16 Million to date. With instantly recognizable songs such as &quot;Shook Me All Night Long&quot;, &quot;Back In Black&quot;, &quot;Hell's Bells&quot;, and &quot;Rock And Rock Ain't No Noise Pollution&quot;, EVERY SONG ON THIS ALBUM RECEIVES RADIO AIRPLAY TODAY! Frankly, that is amazing, and I can't think of another album that even nears that, except for Led Zeppelin IV. Read on to find out what makes this album so great.<br />Track Ratings-<br />Hells Bells-Doomy Church Bells and Young's somber riff build the song up until it reaches full-throttle, with Johnson screaming out vocals that positively ring Bloody Murder, with lyrics to match.<br />Shoot To Thrill- Rudd's drumming and Young's catchy riff build up to the vocals, which truly shine in the chorus, where it's nearly impossible to not sing along. As with every other song,masterful solo by Young!<br />What Do You Do For Money Honey- AC/DC's Ode to Prostitution rings with the same raw energy early albums such as High Voltage had, and Johnson's sarcastic vocals shine throughout,and the chorus will make you bang your head a few times.<br />Given The Dog A Bone- Straight-Up Hard Rocker, Angus Young's catchy riff back up Johnson's vocals, which echo with the same power and conviction as Bon Scott. <br />Let Me Put My Love In You- A different sounding song than all the rest, this song echos back to Early 70's Glam Rock like Kiss, or even Mid 80's Iron Maiden. I just love the chorus!<br />Back In Black- AC/DC Hits back Full-Throttle with Back In Black, a Tribute to former vocalist Bon Scott. Instantly recognizable, Young's riff and Brian Johnson's oddly Axl Rose-y vocals scream with vigor, and they did a fine job of honoring their friend.<br />Shook Me All Night Long- Two Classics In A Row! My Personal favorite on the album, this song really makes me tap my feet. The most addictive Riff on the album, Brian Johnson's vocals are top-notch, and the chorus makes you helpless but to hum or sing along.&quot;SHOOK ME ALL NIGHT LONG, YEAH YOU, KNOCK ME OUT&quot;!]<br />Have A Drink On Me- A More bluesy number, this song still rocks as hard as any other. Young's Bluesy riff and Johnson's vocals mix perfectly.<br />Shake A Leg- Young's riff and Rudd's drumming perfectly mix to create one of the best beats on the album. Perfect for Parties!<br />Rock And Roll Ain't No Noise Pollution-...And AC/DC says why! Young's 3 Chord riff is instantly recognizable among Johnson's murmurings at the start, before the song rockets to new heights, with Johnson's vocals taking centerstage.<br />Overall, Back In Black is a classic that shouldn't be missed by anybody, and every song is flawless. Brian Johnson does an admirable job as frontman, but AC/DC never regained the success of Back In Black, but that's almost impossible! Angus Young is truly top-notch here, and his guitar work might just be his best!<br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! FANS OF ROCK AND GENERAL WILL LOVE THIS<BR>ALBUM! IF YOU'RE GETTING INTO AC/DC, PICK UP BACK IN BLACK! ONE OF MY PERSONAL FAVORITE ALBUMS!<br />Also Recommended-<br />Highway To Hell-AC/DC<BR>Destroyer-Kiss<BR>Toys In the Attic-Aerosmith<br />Thanks For Reading!
B00013PHGS|5.0|String theory as applied to music. <br />Otherworldly, ineffably refreshing.
B000089RV6|5.0|Back In Black(1980). AC/DC's Sixth Studio Album and the First to feature Brian Johnson on Vocals.<br />Poised on breaking through to American audiencies, with Highway To Hell already being certified Gold stateside, things were looking up for Hard Rockers AC/DC. Then, Tragedy Struck. After a night of drinking, Charasmitac frontman and vocalist Bon Scott choked on his own vomit(Eww!)ending his illustrious life, and putting AC/DC's career on the line. Luckily, AC/DC decided to continue on without Scott, so they hired virtual sound-alike Brian Johnson for the new vocalist, and set out to rock the world with their new album Back In Black, a Tribute to Bon Scott.Released only 5 Months after Scott's death, Back In Black shot up the Charts, Reaching the Top 5, riding on the heels of singles &quot;Shook Me All Night Long&quot; and &quot;Black In Black&quot;, Back In Black stayed in the charts almost as long as Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon, and has became one of Rock's all-time classics, selling over 16 Million to date. With instantly recognizable songs such as &quot;Shook Me All Night Long&quot;, &quot;Back In Black&quot;, &quot;Hell's Bells&quot;, and &quot;Rock And Rock Ain't No Noise Pollution&quot;, EVERY SONG ON THIS ALBUM RECEIVES RADIO AIRPLAY TODAY! Frankly, that is amazing, and I can't think of another album that even nears that. Read on to find out what makes this album so great.<br />Track Ratings-<br />Hells Bells-Doomy Church Bells and Young's somber riff build the song up until it reaches full-throttle, with Johnson screaming out vocals that positively ring Bloody Murder, with lyrics to match.<br />Shoot To Thrill- Rudd's drumming and Young's catchy riff build up to the vocals, which truly shine in the chorus, where it's nearly impossible to not sing along. As with every other song, masterful solo by Young!<br />What Do You Do For Money Honey- AC/DC's Ode to Prostitution rings with the same raw energy early albums such as High Voltage had, and Johnson's sarcastic vocals shine throughout, and the chorus will make you bang your head a few times.<br />Given The Dog A Bone- Straight-Up Hard Rocker, Angus Young's catchy riff back up Johnson's vocals, which echo with the same power and conviction as Bon Scott.<br />Let Me Put My Love In You- A different sounding song than all the rest, this song echos back to Early 70's Glam Rock like Kiss, or even Mid 80's Iron Maiden. I just love the chorus!<br />Back In Black- AC/DC Hits back Full-Throttle with Back In Black, a Tribute to former vocalist Bon Scott. Instantly recognizeable, Young's riff and Brian Johnson's oddly Axl Rose-y vocals scream with vigor, and they did a fine job of honoring their friend.<br />Shook Me All Night Long- Two Classics In A Row! My Personal favorite on the album, this song really makes me tap my feet. The most addictive Riff on the album, Brian Johnson's vocals are top-notch, and the chorus makes you helpless but to hum or sing along.&quot;SHOOK ME ALL NIGHT LONG, YEAH YOU, KNOCK ME OUT&quot;!]<br />Have A Drink On Me- A More bluesy number, this song still rocks as hard as any other. Young's Bluesy riff and Johnson's vocals mix perfectly.<br />Shake A Leg- Young's riff and Rudd's drumming perfectly mix to create one of the best beats on the album. Perfect for Partys!<br />Rock And Roll Ain't No Noise Pollution-...And AC/DC says why! Young's 3 Chord riff is instantly recognizeable among Johnson's murmurings at the start, before the song rockets to new heights, with Johnson's vocals taking centerstage.<br />Overall, Back In Black is a classic that shouldn't be missed by anybody, and every song is flawless. Brian Johnson does an admirable job as frontman, but AC/DC never regained the success of Back In Black, but that's almost impossible! Angus Young is truly top-notch here, and his guitar work might just be his best!<br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! FANS OF ROCK AND GENERAL WILL LOVE THIS ALBUM! IF YOU'RE GETTING INTO AC/DC, PICK UP BACK IN BLACK! ONE OF MY PERSONAL FAVORITE ALBUMS!<br />Also Recommended-<br />Highway To Hell-AC/DC<br />Destroyer-Kiss<br />Toys In the Attic-Aerosmith<br />Thanks For Reading!PERSONAL FAVORITE ALBUMS!<br />Also Recommended-<br />Highway To Hell-AC/DC<BR>Destroyer-Kiss<BR>Toys In the Attic-Aerosmith<br />Thanks For Reading!
B0001Z53C4|1.0|it sucks thats all you can say about it all the cussing is edited which is a mistake even making edited versions it ruins the songs it is still okay though, like my band is a dope track, 40 oz is also dope. theres a few others but if you want a good cd get it with the explicit lyrics.
B000000OQF|5.0|Appetite For Destruction(1987). Guns N' Rose's First Studio Album.<br />At a time when Metal like Poison, Bon Jovi, and Def Leppard ruled the airwaves with their metal that meant nothing but a good time, Guns N' Roses broke onto the scene. With Appetite For Destruction, Axl Rose and Crew spit out some of the fastest, harshest, and down-right mean music of the 80's. And you know what? IT WORKED! Upon the release of Appetite For Destruction, it received little attention until the breakout sucess of &quot;Sweet Child 'O Mine&quot;, which, along with Appetite For Destruction, rocketed to the top of the charts. Soon after, &quot;Welcome To The Jungle&quot;, an ode to the wastelands of Urban Los Angeles, and &quot;Paradise City&quot; broke it big,each respectively reaching the Top 5 of the Billboard 200, and Guns N' Roses became the most unlikely superstars of the year. According to Billboard, Appetite For Destruction was #1 for the years of 1987, 1988, AND 1989!!! That instantly rocketed Guns N' Roses to Rock N' Roll superstardom, and their legacy was engraved in Rock forever. To this day, the radio constantly plays &quot;Paradise City&quot;, &quot;Welcome To The Jungle&quot;, &quot;Sweet Child O' Mine&quot;, and sometimes &quot;Mr.Brownstone&quot; on a regular basis. With the success of Appetite For Destruction, GN'R went on to have more smash hits with albums such as GN'R Lies, Use Your Illusion I and II, and the Spaghetti Incident, but this was the album that started it all. With Izzy Stradlin and Slash's duel guitar attack, Duff's unforgiving bass, Adler's breakneck speed drumming, and Rose's hostile lyrics and vocals, the stars were all aligned for them. Read on to find out why this album is one of the Greatest of All-Time(No Small Feat)-<br />Appetite starts off with Welcome To The Jungle, a track that instantly hooks the listener like any opening track should with Rose's charismatic vocals and Slash/Stradlin's guitar mastery. It's So Easy is a nasty, hate-filled track that breaks the tension during the light chorus, but soon it hits you full-throttle in the head again. Nighttrain is a straight-up Glam Rocker that will stick in your head, with Rose's cheesy(Yet good) lyrics and the equally catchy chorus. Slash and Stradlin's riff is one of the most memorable on the album, and it's a wonder this wasn't a bigger hit. They're Out To Get Me is a fast-paced Metalfest that weaves a web of Paranoia and sucks the listener in with Rose's contemptuous vocals. Mr. Brownstone, a sarcastic ode to heroin, combines one of the most addictive riffs of the album with Rose's casually sarcastic vocals, and it proves to be the stand-out track, and it's a wonder this didn't become a bigger hit.You won't be able to get this one out of your head! Adler's drumming is a highlight! Paradise City is the most instantly recognizeable track here, a rocker that starts off slow and builds to mind-bending speeds and loudness. The guitar work here is phenomanal, and along with Rose's vocals will have you humming right along. My Michelle, with it's doomy riff and spiteful vocals, truly make the listener want to break something(Or bang their head)! Think About You stands out because of the soulful chorus, which reminds us all of a relative who passed away, and builds up to.. Sweet Child O'Mine, a dizzying ballad that only gets better with age, much like red wine. Stradlin/Slash's 2 Chord guitar riff, one of the most memorable of the 80's, and Axl's From-The-Heart vocals truly want us to pull out our lighters and Dance The Night Away. You're Crazy, Anything Goes, and Rocket Queen all end the album on a high note, and by that, I mean, THESE SONGS ARE SOME OF THE HARDEST, STRAIGHT UP METAL SONGS OF THE 80'S. If you skip these tracks, you are a moron!<br />Overall, every song is a 10/10 effort, and this album is as great as you've heard.I waited until the end to mention how great Slash's solos are on Appetite For Destruction, because it would be pointless to say soin every song, but Slash and Izzy serve up some of the best guitar work I've ever heard! One of the few albums that lives up to its hype, Appetite For Destruction stands as one of the most popular and Best Metal albums of all time, and if you disagree, as Axl says,YOU'RE F***ING CRAZY! A CLASSIC!<br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! ONE OF THE BEST METAL ALBUMS, AND A PERFECT<br />ALBUM FOR FANS OF 80'S ROCK, METAL, AND PEOPLE GETTING GUNS N' ROSES.GNR NEVER TOPPED APPETITE FOR DESTRUCTION, AND NOR DID ANY OTHER BAND AROUND THE LATE 80'S(Except for Metallica). TRULY A CLASSIC!<br />Also Recommended-<br />Use Your Illusion I and II- Guns N' Roses<br />Pyromania- Def Leppard<br />Metal Health- Quiet Riot<br />Thanks For Reading!in every song, but Slash and Izzy serve up some of the best guitar work I've ever heard! One of the few albums that lives up to its hype, Appetite For Destruction stands as one of the most popular and Best Metal albums of all time, and if you disagree, as Axl says,YOU'RE F***ING CRAZY! A CLASSIC!<br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! ONE OF THE BEST METAL ALBUMS, AND A PERFECT<BR>ALBUM FOR FANS OF 80'S ROCK, METAL, AND PEOPLE GETTING GUNS N' ROSES.GNR NEVER TOPPED APPETITE FOR DESTRUCTION, AND NOR DID ANY OTHER BAND AROUND THE LATE 80'S(Except for Metallica). TRULY A CLASSIC!<br />Also Recommended-<br />Use Your Illusion I and II- Guns N' Roses<BR>Pyromania- Def Leppard<BR>Metal Health- Quiet Riot<br />Thanks For Reading!
0446677450|5.0|This book is easy to read, and contains solid advice for those who want to get out of the lifetime slavery of always being slightly behind financially. <br />And it debunks a lot of bull from various sectors, for instance the idea that your house is an asset and not a liability, like most accountants will tell you.
0380729407|4.0|Something Wicked This Way Comes(1962).<br />Ray Bradbury, author of such renound classics as The Martian Chronicles and Farenheit 451, took a stab at the horror genre in 1962. Much like Mary Shelley(Frankenstein) and Bram Stoker(Dracula), Ray Bradbury helped in the shaping of the Horror genre, now ruled by such authors as Stephen King and Dean Koontz. Combining Horror and Classical Literature, with a plot of Greed and Deception, Bradbury created what today would be known as a Horror Classic, Something Wicked This Way Comes, and also one of the most recognizeable novels in his catalog. Bradbury was the first Horror author to use children, the most unlikely heroes, that Stephen King later used in his commercial smash IT and his short story \\"The Body\\", and  have been used by numerous other authors and directors of popular culture. Based on a famous quote of Shakespeare, Something Wicked This Way spawned a popular movie of its own, and Modern Day Metal Artist Iced Earth even used it for the title of their popular album. In the next paragraphs, you will read just what made Something Wicked This Way Comes such a timeless classic, and one of the very few classics I can stand!<br />Plot- <BR>During the time before Halloween, in the cold Autumn of October, a Train seemingly spawned out of hell comes into town, a dark omen of the days ahead. As a calliope crackles mysterious doomy tunes, Cooger & Dark's Pandemonium Shadow Show, a carnival of sorts, unloads their dark materials, tents, animals, and sideshow freaks of equal gruesomeness. Jim Nightshade and Will Holloway, two young curious 12 Year old boys, seemingly are the only ones to hear the hellish calliope(FYI, an organ) music at Three in the Morning, so they set out to see where all the noise is coming from. Soon they find out, and flee back to their homes to await the coming storm. The next day, The Carnival is out in full force, and most of the entire town is there, to view such rides and shows as A Mirror Maze, a Ferris Wheel, seeing Skeleton Men, Dwarfs, Fortune Tellers, Mr. Electro, and Mr. Dark, the Amazing Illustrated Man. Their is also a Merry-Go-Round, but it is strangely Out of Order. After the crowd leaves and the carnival shuts down, the crowds subsided totally and all is quiet, Jim and Will stay behind, hiding, waiting to learn the mystery of the carnival. Soon they are thrusted into a world where their wildest dreams are imaginable, and their worst nightmares are staring them right in the face, and they are the only ones who can subside the Growing Storm...<br />Writing-<BR>Since this is my first Ray Bradbury novel I've read(And probably not the last), I won't compare Something Wicked This Way Comes to his other works, but instead rate his writings as my observations as a reader. The most memorable part of Bradbury's writing, is his descriptive writing, which, even such a simple act as running, Bradbury lets you Feel, Hear, See, Taste, and almost makes you think you can reach out and touch what isn't there. Although many times his descriptions run-on for too long, other times he hits the right notes in the right amount of space, and his genuine talent for writing and descriptions bring the story and the characters alive. Something Wicked This Way Comes, along with Stoker's Dracular, is one of the few classics I can stand, because too much emphasis in other classics is placed on descriptions rather than plot, but Bradbury's plot is deftly place Center-Stage here, and the Reader never feels bored or let down.Many times his ideas may seem unreasonable, but against the other material it doesn't take too much away from the book to me. <br />Overall, Something Wicked This Way Comes left a strong impression on me for Bradbury, and this won't be the last book I read by him. If you noticed the 4 star rating, it's mostly because of the things that plague classics so much for me. Overlong descriptions. I must emphasize though Bradbury isn't nearly as inconsistent as many authors, so this is just minor. Also some of his plot ideas seem odd and leave the reader thinking \\"Huh?\\", but most of the time the plot is easy to follow. <br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! A GREAT HORROR AND CLASSIC NOVEL NOT TO BE<BR>MISSED BY ANYONE! BRADBURY MAKES THE CARNIVAL SEEM MORE EVIL THAN<BR>IT DOES IN REAL LIFE! <br />Also Recommended- <br />Farenheit 451- Ray Bradbury<BR>IT- Stephen King<BR>Dracula- Bram Stoker<br />Thanks For Reading!
B0000AOV85|5.0|This DVD is a selection from the &quot;Classic Albums&quot; series which originally viewed on VH1.  As the title of my review indicates, this is NOT a concert or a re-release of the album.  Rather, it is an in-depth look at how the album was created.  The documentary doesn't use a narrator, but rather incorporates several voices to tell a story, including contributions from all four members of the group, the engineer (Alan Parsons), the mixer (Chris Thomas), the cover/liner design man (Storm Thorgenson), the record company head who pushed and prodded the toads at Capitol Records to get behind the album (Baskar Menon) and several journalists -including David Fricke from Rolling Stone.  All of them have &quot;things to say&quot; about the nuts and bolts of record producing, the marriage of art and commerce, and the place of this album in the pantheon of modern popular music (one british journaist calls it &quot;among the most important artistic and musical statements of the last 50 years&quot;).  <BR>The nearly hour-long &quot;main&quot; presentation is fairly linear, starting with background info from the time that Syd Barrett lost his mind to the formation of the main themes and music for the album before they ever started recording it, to a breakdown of nearly every song in order (with the lone exception of &quot;Any Colour You Like&quot;).  Of special note:  One gets to see Richard Wright play several pieces of his finest compositions (&quot;Great Gig in the Sky&quot; and &quot;Us and Them&quot;) explaining how he came to write them and under what circumstances (his mention of &quot;the jazz&quot; and Miles Davis were fabulous); David Gilmour demonstrates the Synth V.A. - the first sequencer used for &quot;On the Run&quot; and he plays parts of his guitar solos on &quot;Time&quot; and &quot;Money.&quot;  Nick Mason offers some nice (but too brief) insights into the psychology of the band, and Roger Waters talks a bit about his the impetus behind his lyrics and demonstrates the original bluesy demo of &quot;Money.&quot;<BR>The bonus material has some great stuff on it as well - in fact some of it far outstrips the aired material - including :  David Gilmour's outstanding acoustic version of &quot;Breathe&quot; and Waters soulful acoustic version of &quot;Brain Damage.&quot;  <BR>The bonus section also gives a great deal of time to Roger Waters' explanation of how his politics and his life experiences shaped his lyrics and music.<br />On the whole this is an outstanding piece of film-making, highlighting an important piece of music history.  If you are a fan of Pink Floyd this is an indispensible DVD.  If you are curious about how great art is created, this is an inexpensive way to find out.
B00008PX8P|5.0|Be you a die hard fan or just someone curious about Zeppelin, this two DVD set will absolutely blow your mind. For only the second time EVER, Zeppelin has allowed the release of footage from their concerts to be put onto DVD and distributed. The results are stunning, showing clearly the intimacy between the band members as they played, and the almost electric atmosphere they created as they played to fanatic crowds.<br />On the first DVD, a 1970 concert including songs from I and II is shown, including Page's famous and utterly amazing violin bow act during \\"Dazed and Confused\\" and possibly the best drumming in history from John Bonham in Moby dick, which includes an absolutely mind-blowing 15 minute solo that will have your jaw dropped to the very end.<br />The second DVD includes concerts from the mid to late 70's featuring songs from III, IV, and beyond. Page is stunning, Bonham shows an energy and talent unmatched to this day, Plant shows his array of talent, from slow meaningful songs such as \\"Goin to California\\" to energized lyrics as in \\"Rock and Roll\\", and John Paul Jones, although terribly understated, delivers some of the greatest base performances of all time.<br />If you've never seen Zeppelin, but love their music, this is an ABSOLUTE must but. If you've loved Zeppelin all your life, been to dozens of their concerts, and followed their every step, this is an ESENTIAL to your collection. This DVD shows up close, as if you were on stage with the band, the utter talent and genius of the band, and the unique chemistry between them. The DVD's also include the very few and very rare interviews that the band agreed to do.<br />5 stars: YOU HAVE NOT EXPIRIENCED ZEPPELIN UNTIL YOU EXPERIENCE THESE DVD'S
B0001ZMWQO|5.0|To understand how good this CD is, I must say that it is in the same league as the top of their fellow  British rockers: this CD is as good as any Oasis, Blur, Coldplay, Travis or even Radiohead. This group offers a more classical approach to rock, with sound directly inherited by the 70s rock. However, some songs have interesting twists that puts the band in the cutting edge of Today's rock (like the wonderful change of tempo in Take me out). If you like rock, it does not get any better than this in current music.
B00005OM4N|4.0|Britney is one of the most sought after entertainers in the world. Her 3rd album 'Britney' has gone 4X Platinum in the US alone (10 Mill. Worldwide).<br />1.) I'm A Slave 4 U (The Neptunes) - US: #27 UK: #4: This track changed Britney, helped her crossover and became an instant hit in the US & UK. This 1st single featuring the beats of the Neptunes & Sexy & Sultry lyrics. <br />2.) Overprotected (Max Martin & Rami) - UK: #4: This version of Overprotected was released in the UK as the 2nd Single. This song expresses Britney being Overprotected and wanting to go just have some fun without having body guards and papparazzi everywhere.<br />3.)Lonely (Rodney Jerkins) (Co-Written by Britney) - This is one of my favorite tracks. It has a great beat and good lyrics.<br />4.) I'm Not A Girl, Not Yet A Woman (Max Martin & Rami) (Co-Written by Dido) - US: N/A UK: #2: This was the 2nd Single released in the US & 3rd in the UK. Proved to be more hitworthy in the UK but is still a good track. Britney changes to a woman through this song.<br />5.) Boys (The Neptunes) - Another Neptunes track. Very hot. Sexual.<br />6.) Anticipating (Brian Kierulf & Josh Schartz) (Co-Written by Britney) - This was released as a single in France. It is fun and makes you wanna dance.<br />7.) I love Rock & Roll (Rodney Jerkins) - UK: #11: This version of ILR&R is very urban and new age. It was the 5th single in the UK.<br />8.) Cinderella (Max Martin & Rami) (Co-Written by Britney) - This song is good. Max Martin & Rami are great writers and Britney also co-wrote it. It seems like this song is telling of a new stage in Britney's life.<br />9.) Let Me Be (Rodney Jerkins) (Co-Written by Britney) - This track is very independent and Rodney Jerkins does a great job producing it.<br />10.) Bombastic Love (Max Martin & Rami) - I love this song. The beat is haunting kinda but it's cool.<br />11.) That's Where You Take Me (Brian Kierulf & Josh Schartz) (Co-Written by Britney) - Not the best track but stilla good one. I love her voice in this one.<br />12.) What It's Like To Be Me (Wade J. Robson & Justin Timberlake) - This is probably one of the most different tracks on the album. Produced by choreographer: Wade & Ex: Justin. Justin puts his vocals in this. Its good.<br />B-Sides<br />Intimidated - This was a B-Side on the album but can be found on other versions of the album & singles. Very furtureistic. I like it, not her best but good.<br />I Run Away - This was a B-Side on the album but can be found on other versions of the album & singles. This song sounds so mature. I love everything about it. It should have been on the album. I hope she releases a B-Sides album with this one on it.<br />When I Found You - This was a B-Side on the album but can be found on other versions of the album & singles. A different Britney shows through this song. Its very good.<br />Before The Goodbye - This was a B-Side on the album but can be found on other versions of the album & singles. This is a very good ballad. I love Britney's voice on it. <br />Overprotected (Darkchild Remix) (Rodney Jerkins) - US: #86. This new version of Overprotected was the 3rd single in the US from the album which did better than 'INAGNYAW' but still not what some wanted. Fellow producer Rodney Jerkins remixed the track. More urban.<br />Boys (Co-Ed Remix) (The Neptunes) feat. Pharrell Williams - US: N/A UK: #7: This was the 4th single from the album in the US & UK. It did well in the UK but not so hot in the US. The Neptunes remixed the track. The beat is a little different more empowering. I like it. Pharrell also does a good job.<br />Britney takes a big step on this album and surpasses the maturity level on 'Baby' & 'Oops'. Self-Titlign the album was a great idea. Plus added a soldout world tour. No one will ever knwo successful she will become.
B00006JDVV|4.0|This &quot;Reign of Fire&quot; movie was/is a good movie, but I would like to know is what movie is being shown on the cover of the dvd and the poster? I know for a fact that there was one(1) helicopter in this movie but there are no Apache helicopters in the Reign of Fire movie that I have seen, unless the dvd cover and the poster that was put out for this movie was a mistake and was susposed to be for Reign of Fire 2? Well, if they make a movie that is like dvd cover and the poster then that would be a great dragon versus man movie!
B00005NKW3|5.0|Unless you live under a rock, you have seen this annual favorite every Christmas. A wonderful heartwarming story to rekindle the tiniest doubter about faith and goodwill. Kris Kringle (Santa Claus) goes on trial to prove his sanity after a run in with a Macy's store psychiatrist and has to prove to the world who he is. Events will make you laugh and even cry as you feel the government come to his rescue and little Suzy's (Natalie Wood) coming of age. See the movie!!!
B000002GFT|5.0|And I can tell, listening to it, why a few of the reviews herein mention only one original Fairport-penned track.  (There are three.)  It ALL sounds very traditional.  And very rock and roll.    If you don't get what I just said, you need to get this record.  Nobody (sorry, Zimmy) had ever put together folk and rock like Fairport did in its first three albums with Sandy Denny.  It's taken for granted now; but Fairport was first.  Can you imagine Cream covering a traditional English folk tune?  Then listen to \\"Tam Lin.\\" (Cream would have had to borrow Sandy, of course.)  Can you imagine Jefferson Airplane doing traditional English folk?  That would be \\"Come All Ye\\" (which, no, isn't a traditional folk tune.  See how these people had it wired?).  Can you imagine \\"Matty Groves\\"?  (You can't.  You have to buy this record.)  Fairport were pioneers, a much greater accomplishment than their original ambition to be \\"the British Jefferson Airplane.\\"  They were hard-rocking, psychedelic, driving, raving quiet little British folk thunderers.  (Buy the record!)    I first entered Fairport territory on the thin trail of work by Richard Thompson, one very hard genius to track down unless one is persistent (or has a nearby and musically aware CD pusher).  I'd heard he was great, and underrated, etc., and that he started here.  Well, following him here, I stayed for everyone else as well.  I bought a ten-track collection (I'd heard \\"Meet on the Ledge\\" once, decades ago, my only other lead); unable to find the early studio albums, I settled (a very bad word in this context) for the superb \\"Meet on the Ledge/Classic Years\\" collection; and then, fully hooked after drinking deeply of Thompson's solo work, found \\"Liege\\" in my local pusher's stash.  Hmmmm.  (One aware pusher we have here.)  I had five of the eight tracks on collections already.  No matter; I sprung.  Boy am I glad I did.  The three tracks I was missing - \\"Reynardine,\\" \\"The Deserter,\\" and the folk medley - were worth thepurchase price by themselves.  They can be had together nowhere else; and they rounded out the \\"L&L\\" experience perfectly.  The sequencing -- different of course from the collections -- makes the old tracks sound new.  (Still can't figure out, though, why \\"Farewell, Farewell\\" isn't the final track.) Few records hold together better than this one; time will probably reveal few to be so timeless.    If you like your music mellow and hard, driving and soft, screaming, soaring and lilting; if singers are your thing; if you're a folkie who still thinks rock sucks (how have you stayed IN that cave?); hop in the time machine.  Fairport Convention set you on the right road, 35 years ago.  It's not too late.  It never will be.
0802130208|5.0|This was one of the best books I have ever read.  Toole's ability to capture the character in all of us is uncanny.  He nails Ignatius in all his self absorbant academic glory.  If you enjoy reading at all do not touch this book because it is too hard to come down off of and other books will leave you unsatisfied and disappointed.  However if you do not have a sense of humor read on, anything you touch afterwards will please you to no end.
B0000C8AW2|2.0|A pretty odd album in Dylan's catalog, I almost want to call it a transitional album. As he did with DESIRE, Dylan assembled a large ensemble for this album, but a very different one. This time, Dylan was going for a more pop-oriented sound. Some of his colleagues - like DESIRE bassist Rob Stoner - thought he was trying to emulate Elvis Presley's 'Vegas' revues, and the circumstances around STREET-LEGAL seem to back this up. Presley died when Dylan was writing these songs, and according to a woman he was involved with at the time, Dylan was very upset by the news. The next time Dylan returned to the recording studio, he would hire Steve Douglas, a veteran performer in Presley's old touring band. Stoner didn't like the new musical direction and left the group, prompting Dylan to hire Jerry Scheff, who also played for Presley. Both Douglas and Scheff appear on STREET-LEGAL.    I don't think the sound gels on STREET LEGAL, even in this new remix which I admit is better. Occasionally, things do work -\\"We Better Talk This Over\\" has some nice country-pop touches (check out the guitar and piano fills) and even though the words are awful, \\"New Pony\\" still sounds like a nice, gritty blues. \\"Changing Of The Guards\\" rides a nice groove with a cheesy little sax riff that did grow on me, \\"Where Are You Tonight?\\" works pretty well, and \\"Senor\\" is interesting if a bit flat.    On the other hand, \\"No Time To Think,\\" \\"Baby, Stop Crying,\\" and \\"Is Your Love in Vain?\\" are abysmal and pretty much sink the album. Listen to the clip of \\"No Time To Think\\" - it's some of the worst music you'll ever hear. \\"Baby, Stop Crying\\" was the single, but the 'hook' and the song's lyrics are pretty weak. Underneath its cheesy sound, \\"Is Your Love in Vain?\\" is very bitter and self-centered; not surprisingly, it's often accused of sexism.    This is still a tough album to love. There's a good EP buried in this CD, but I can't see anyone except diehard Dylan fans hearing this album over and over again. Ifyou already have a dozen Dylan CD's in your collection, not including compilations, I think this is worth checking out, but if you're the kind of person who focuses more on his 60's work, or has at best two, three albums outside of his 60's work, I'd hold off on this.
0800177177|5.0|Francis Ford Coppola (The Godfather, Apocalypse now) delivers the best vampire movie ever. &quot;Dracula&quot; has great performances from Gary Oldman, Winona  Ryder, Anthony Hopkins and Monica Bellucci (!). The only bad performance comes from Keanu Reeves -- everytime time he's on screen he looks like a pale moron. Anthony Hopkins role is even shorter, yet, he's great, as always. &quot;Dracula&quot; is very well written and directed, it has great sound &amp; visual effects, a haunting soundtrack and it is very scary and erotic(!), see Monica Bellucci (Irreversible, The Passion Of The Christ) as one of Dracula's sexy undead brides.<br />This version of &quot;Dracula&quot; is fascinating because it's so different from the Bram Stocker famous novel. In the novel there was no mentioning of a love story between Dracula and Mina.  In this film exists a sad love story.<BR>There is a scene where Dracula and Mina drink Absinthe. That scene is hypnotic. It proves the film's tagline to be right: love never dies. See it for yourself if you don't believe me.
B0000C8AV3|3.0|...and yes, it could've been better, but first, I want to focus on what's here.<br />\\"Infidels\\" is most notable for its polished but tasteful production. It isn't too slick like the previous album, \\"Shot Of Love,\\" and a big reason is the team assembled by the producer, Mark Knopfler, best known as the guitarist from Dire Straits. Knopfler's tough and flinty style of guitar is paired up with Mick Taylor's (former lead guitarist with the Blues Breakers and, more famously, the Rolling Stones), and the rhythm section underneath is Sly & Robbie, famed reggae producers who became major recording artists in their own right. It's an unlikely but inspired mix, and they give the album a melodic, sweet, pop-bent while maintaining a tough, rocking core. Even better, Dylan brought to the sessions one of his strongest batches of songs ever. After weeks, even months of recording, dubbing, and mixing, the final eight selected were:<br />1. Jokerman: A classic epic, some say it's a sly dig at then President Ronald Reagan (addressing a \\"manipulator of crowds...a dream twister\\"). Weary of phony populists who are all surface (\\"Michelangelo could've carved your features\\") who are more about action than thinking through the complexities (\\"fools rush in where angels fear to tread\\"), even if some of the Biblical references seem obtuse upon closer scrutiny, Dylan never stumbles and makes it look so easy.<br />2. Sweetheart Like You: Sung to a fictitious woman, it's get flack for the line where Dylan tells her she should be at home taking care of her man. Out of context, it sounds sexist, but Dylan's warning her about ambition and telling her not to succumb to their cruel, two-faced surroundings; he's telling her to hang on to her dignity. The way Dylan sings it, it sounds like it's already too late for him.<br />3. Neighborhood Bully: An angry, thinly-disguised rant defending Israel's aggressive foreign policy. It rocks hard, but it's dour and foaming at the mouth.<br />4. License To Kill: More than a few critics felt this album betrayed a strong, strange dislike for space travel, and you hear it in the first few lines of this song. Otherwise, there are some good lyrics buried here, but this recording falls flat. When Dylan made his famous appearance on \\"Late Night With David Letterman\\" in March of '84, he performed this song with a trio of L.A. punk rockers and a new arrangement that REALLY smokes, but here, the song just limps.<br />5. Man Of Peace: Another angry rant, but it doesn't get too bitter or cranky like \\"Neighborhood Bully.\\" It's actually a good, rocking track with some wicked phrasing of some great lyrics.<br />6. Union Sundown: An angry rant about lowest bidding sweatshops overseas. It's a cause some may feel passionate about, but lack of subtlety and clumsy verses (like the one about growing food on the moon) sink the song.<br />7. I And I: The one introspective track here brings some levity to an album that's spent most of its time savaging the outside world. One of the two best tracks here, it's sung from the point of view of a man slowly emerging out of his self-pity.<br />8. Don't Fall Apart On Me Tonight: a little slight, but a cool relief after the sustained pessimism and anger of much of the album. The way he sings the Clark Gable line (followed by a great harp break that blends wonderfully in with a stinging guitar lead) is the killer and makes up for the clumsy \\"drumstick in his pants\\" line.<br />I said there was a strong batch of songs at these sessions, yet I dismissed 3 of 8 tracks on the album. Why? Because Dylan actually recorded a lot more songs, and he left three of the best in the can.<br />As some mentioned, \\"Foot Of Pride\\" and \\"Blind Willie McTell\\" were initially selected instead of \\"Union Sundown\\" before Dylan began re-dubbing and remixing in June of '83, at which point Knopfler was left out of the remaining sessions and Dylan was in complete control. Though \\"Foot Of Pride\\" is another angry tirade, it pulls it off with a tough, impressive swagger that shames \\"Neighborhood Bully\\" and \\"Union Sundown\\"; a lost classic, it would've been a great companion to \\"Man Of Peace.\\" Luckily, it was released on \\"The Bootleg Series\\" set in 1991.<br />Dylan said he left \\"Blind Willie McTell\\" off because he didn't feel he did it justice, but the electric version (never OFFICIALLY released) is near-perfect; a simple overdub to fix a cough at the beginning would've been easy to do since everything was recorded on digital multitrack, and it would've been the only fix needed. I wish I could direct people to this, but due to this site's rules, I can't. An acoustic version was included on the official \\"The Bootleg Series\\" set, but it sounds like a demo, lacking the burning vocal, stinging guitar, and sharp harp breaks of the electric version.<br />Finally, there's \\"Someone's Got A Hold Of My Heart.\\" It was recut as \\"Tight Connection\\" for a later album and a so-so mellow version was released on the \\"The Bootleg Series,\\" but the UN-officially released version is gorgeous, with the makings of a hit single. It could've been a further antidote to the sourness affecting much of the album, giving us a balanced program.<br />If Dylan had sequenced this as 1. Jokerman/2. Sweetheart Like You/3. Man of Peace/4. Foot Of Pride/5. Someone's Got A Hold Of My Heart/6. Blind Willie McTell/7. I and I/8. Don't Fall Apart On Me Tonight, it would be a classic. As is, it's not bad, but not great.<br />The SACD hybrid sounds better than the CD, especially the SACD layer, with more body but still dynamic. Not bad for an early digital recording, it's definitely an improvement sonically.pressive swagger that shames \\"Neighborhood Bully\\" and \\"Union Sundown\\"; a lost classic, it would've been a great companion to \\"Man Of Peace.\\" Luckily, it was released on \\"The Bootleg Series\\" set in 1991.<br />Dylan said he left \\"Blind Willie McTell\\" off because he didn't feel he did it justice, but the electric version (never OFFICIALLY released) is near-perfect; a simple overdub to fix a cough at the beginning would've been easy to do since everything was recorded on digital multitrack, and it would've been the only fix needed. I wish I could direct people to this, but due to this site's rules, I can't. An acoustic version was included on the official \\"The Bootleg Series\\" set, but it sounds like a demo, lacking the burning vocal, stinging guitar, and sharp harp breaks of the electric version.<br />Finally, there's \\"Someone's Got A Hold Of My Heart.\\" It was recut as \\"Tight Connection\\" for a later album and a so-so mellow version was released on the \\"The Bootleg Series,\\" but the UN-officially released version is gorgeous, with the makings of a hit single. It could've been a further antidote to the sourness affecting much of the album, giving us a balanced program.<br />If Dylan had sequenced this as 1. Jokerman/2. Sweetheart Like You/3. Man of Peace/4. Foot Of Pride/5. Someone's Got A Hold Of My Heart/6. Blind Willie McTell/7. I and I/8. Don't Fall Apart On Me Tonight, it would be a classic. As is, it's not bad, but not great.<br />The SACD hybrid sounds better than the CD, especially the SACD layer, with more body but still dynamic. Not bad for an early digital recording, it's definitely an improvement sonically.
0920668372|1.0|I thought this book was VERY strange.  I do not like reading books that show kids doing \\"bad behaviors\\", I don't want to give my 3yo any ideas.  And although I won't go so far as to say incest, this book did have stalker tendancies.  I'm sorry it IS creepy to have a mother drive across town to sneak into her adult son's bedroom in the middle of the night to rock him to sleep.<BR>I was NOT happy with this book at all.
B0000C8AV2|3.0|This is the first of two Dylan albums produced by Daniel Lanois. Lanois definitely puts his stamp on everything he produces: Peter Gabriel's SO, Robbie Robertson's first album, Emmylou Harris's WRECKING BALL, and more famously his work with U2. Those albums don't sound like the artists' previous work, but they all share a similar atmosphere. The same can be said of OH MERCY, which sounds nothing like Dylan's previous work. Everything has plenty of space around it, yet it's drenched in warm, wet reverb, especially the bright, ringing guitars, and there's a spartan but rock-solid bottom to this whole album. A few critics complained about Lanois `messing' Dylan's songs, but I agree with the majority who applauded the production. It is refreshing to hear even after all these years. While I'm not a fan of some of the things Lanois has done, though his hand is in every nook and cranny of this album, he doesn't overdo it.<br />My only complaint is the songs. Like \\"Infidels,\\" \\"Oh Mercy\\" has been criticized heavily for its song selection, and for good reason. The first two tracks are weak cuts. \\"Political World\\" is a cynical diatribe that goes nowhere nor is it particularly enlightening, but goes down easy. \\"Where Teardrops Fall\\" is pretty lame and corny. Lanois wanted to open with \\"Series Of Dreams\\" (later released with an unfortunate crossfade on BOOTLEG SERIES VOL. 1-3 and intact on GREATEST HITS VOL. 3), but Dylan vetoed it at every turn. Too bad, because it would've been the best track, and a better opening, a grand, epic production that rolls and thunders along in a wall of reverb, surrounding Dylan's evocative verses. Lanois also wanted \\"Dignity,\\" but that was left off. It was butchered and remixed for GREATEST HITS VOL. 3 but the original mix found on the TOUCHED BY AN ANGEL Soundtrack (of all places) and various import compilations is a lost classic, a wry but witty, funny piece, riding an easy groove built on Dylan's rudimentary piano work and Lanois's simple guitar figures.<br />The third track, \\"Everything Is Broken,\\" was poorly remixed, with weaker vocals and an extra guitar dub that, though spare, is out of place. The original mix can be found in the iTunes store listed as an \\"alternate version.\\" Otherwise, a simple track that rides a nice riff to the end. \\"Ring Them Bells\\" is a beautiful piano ballad, unabashedly hopeful without ever getting sappy, the best song here. \\"Man In The Long Black Coat\\" is a great, ominous track that gets in under your skin over time. The rest of the songs are slow songs: \\"Most Of The Time\\" is a moving song of regret that is very atmospheric; with the absence of \\"Series of Dreams,\\" it has the best production of any cut on OH MERCY. \\"What Good Am I?\\" is a good song of self-pity that succeeds in getting your sympathy. \\"Disease of Conceit\\" is not a favorite, the third and final dud on this album; somewhat condescending and musically uninteresting, the Lanois-produced version of \\"Born In Time\\" would've been far better (it was re-recorded in inferior form for UNDER THE RED SKY). \\"What Was It You Wanted?\\" is a nice track carried mostly by the general sound and Dylan's harmonica. The last track, \\"Shooting Star,\\" is a little slight, but otherwise a beautiful ballad and a nice way to close the album.<br />The original CD never sounded bad, but the SACD layer of hybrid SACD is surprisingly good. The CD layer is a bit better, but again, the CD was never bad to begin with.<br />If you're looking for a late-period Dylan album, something after BLOOD ON THE TRACKS, this should be your second or third choice after LOVE AND THEFT and maybe TIME OUT OF MIND. Had a few changes been made to the song selection, I would have not hesitated to call this a classic. As is, it's fatally flawed but enjoyable.
B0000AK7AC|1.0|This is by far one of my all time favorite movies.  My wife always loved it, so has my 3-year old boy.  So we went ahead and purchased this movie on DVD.  However, how annoying is it when the DVD doesn't allow you to skip the previews of other insignificant movies before you actually get to see the feature film.  This thing locks up your DVD player control completely (disables functions of menu / stop / fast forward) and forces you to sit through previews of five movies before ever getting to the Babe feature.  It is simply the most offensive and intruding thing my family has ever experienced in DVD's and VHS.<br />I have a lot of words to describe those folks at Universal Studio, I will try to be gentle.  Let's just put it this way - your limited creativity in marketing really must be the ultimate lowest of all.
B00005N5S5|5.0|I AM SO GLAD I BOUGHT THIS DVD IT IT TWO SIDED SO DON'T SCRATCH IT.THE DVD CONTAINS LOADS OF BONUS FEATRUES WHICH I CAN'T SAY BEACUSE THERE ARE SO MANY ALSO IF U PUT IT IN YOUR COMPUTER DVD PLAYER U GET EVEN MORE SPECIAL FEATURES AND THE COVER IS HOLOGRAM<br />A MUST HAVE FOR ANY DVD COLLECTION
B000002H2Z|5.0|An upbeat solid work, all the songs are memorable, if you only want one CD from The Cure, this is it.
B00004Y62T|5.0|The Ripley charector is great to watch he is like a child trying to fit in, he knows something about himself is diffrent but he cannot describe it. Because you have to have a conscience to know the answer. I remember seeing the talented mr. ripley in the theatre and how pleased I was with the ripley charector. His charector was created some time ago and most people do not know it but he inspired most of hollywood's classic villians particuarly the hitchcock ones. Also see RIPLEY'S GAME. I think John Malkovich is even better in the sequel.
B00008EY9G|3.0|I did enjoy this film, I thought it was sufficiently confusing enough that it left you in suspense yet not so confusing that you give up watching. However, there is one fatal flaw to this movie that I really would have thought they would have bothered to get right - the guy portrayed in the movie doesn't have schizophrenia as everyone has been led to believe - schizophrenia doesn't involve multiple personalities it involves hearing voices of others. What the guy in the film seems to have is Dissociative Identity Disorder(Multiple Pesonality Disorder) where there's more than one distinct personality in the same person.<br />You'd think that they would have bothered to actually get the disorder right that they're writing a whole movie about. There's enough confusion with mental health disorders without the mass media contributing to it.<br />Other than that not a bad movie.
B0001HAISG|5.0|I have loved the story of Peter Pan all ny life. But I never knew that they could make it even better until I saw this movie. This was the coolest and most awsomest movie ever made! If you get the chance.... WATCH THE MOVIE!!!!
B00000J7JO|4.0|No matter what anyone does or says about this album, you can't change the fact that it was significant. After the prolific Blood Sugar Sex Magik record, John Frusciante left the band and became lost in the hard drug scene. When the Chilis recruited Dave Navarro for One Hot Minute, it just wasn't the same, and it didn't do as well as Blood Sugar Sex Magik commercially or critically. When John Frusciante rejoined the band for the recording of Californication, alternative rock fans knew they were in for another chart topper. And that's exactly what it was. With three #1 modern rock hits, (\\"Scar Tissue,\\" \\"Californication,\\" and \\"Otherside\\") this record was surely the first to do so. The only other album I can remember with three or more #1 modern rock hits was Linkin Park's Meteora, but then again, that's probably based on popularity.<br />But as successful as this album was, some might think all it has are the singles to achieve commercial success - but that's not the case at all. Take one listen to this album, and you'll see that Frusciante had the Chilis back in full swing in no time.<br />The album opens with Around The World, one of the four singles released from the album. It sounds very frenetic in the beginning, with a fuzzy bass intro, and a wild scream from Anthony Kiedis, but when it settles into the verse, and Kiedis begins to rap, you're reassured. After he namedrops a few states and countries, you're introduced to the song's soaring chorus. That's when you decide what place it should have in the band's top ten songs ever. It's that good! After it's over and done with, the song leads into my personal favorite on the album, Parallel Universe. A bit different from what the Chilis have done in the past, this one is rhythmically outstanding. Flea, the bassist (I hope you knew that), maintains a steady beat throughout the song that ensures the fact that he is indeed one of the greatest bassists of all time. The chorus is definitely a highlight of the song. From there, it flows right into Frusciante's magnificent comeback, Scar Tissue. Although this is a ballad, there are no elements within the song that will bore you. There are several small guitar solos in the song that showcase Frusciante's talent that we knew he had all along. This was the first single, and rightfully so. Next comes one of my favorite songs on the disc, called Otherside. It begins with a catchy riff that leads into a quiet version of the chorus. By the end, it's just so epic you'll want to listen to it on repeat. Another one of the Chilis' masterpieces.<br />I'm not going to describe every one of the songs on the disc in depth, but I'll have you know that other great tracks include Get On Top, Californication, Easily, Emit Remmus, I Like Dirt, and This Velvet Glove. The other five songs, which are entirely the last four songs on the album I haven't totally gotten into yet, but what I can tell you that the slow and short ballad Porcelain does not fit well into Chili Peppers repertoire. It just doesn't seem to sit right with the band. Aside from that one song, this album is packed to the top with musical gems.<br />I would without a doubt recommend it to any rock fan. One of my favorite bands is 311, so if you're a 311 fan, I can guarantee that you'll like this release from the Chilis. In my honest opinion, this is a record one could use to portray the meaning of alternative rock.<br />Keep it up, Red Hot Chili Peppers.
B00005AAFS|1.0|Get into Queens of the Stoneage and Nightwish.  They are much better bands! At least when Nightwish are singing, they sound good and their music is catchy.
B000024C7W|5.0|3 long years had passed since stevie's 1976 classic album'songs in the key of life'was released.i like many other stevie wonder fans waited for his next release.when stevie wonder's journey through the secret life of plants was released in the fall of 1979,it was trashed by music critics and was scorned by motown because it was unlike anything he had recoreded.this was and is new age music before the term was coined in music.i was 15 going on 16-my father bought the album for me because he knew how much i liked stevie wonder's music.my father and i listened to the album together and the results were:i liked it even better than 'songs in the key of life'/my father called it a masterpiece.afterwards i wore out the grooves to this classic double album in that i bought it 2wice more.now i own it on cd.stevie brilliantly connected the life of plants to human life-because plants are the essence of beauty on the earth.<br /><br />the first track,'earth's creation'is an angered blast of raging fury-sounds like the soundtrack to the planet earth's very beginning when it was formed and created by GOD.the next track 'the first garden'with it's quiet beginnings and symphonic sound is light and free.'voyage to india' with ben bridges on sitar-stevie on all other instruments-especially the congos with stevie giving the congos added spice while utilizing the other instruments making the song sound like a cool breeze afternoon.'same old story'finds stevie mentioning that plants have feelings and thoughts the same as humans while later in the song stevie gives a nod to george washington carver(the black inventor).'venus flytrap and the bug' is a jazzy track with stevie playing the part of a bug trying to eat the flytrap but its the flytrap who wins in the end. 'ai no,sono'has stevie using oriental children as lead vocalists to a beautiful effect.<br /><br />'seasons'is a nice warm instrumental with warm vibrations with a bedtime story being read to put a child to sleep.next up is the beautiful ballad 'power flower'finds stevie utilizing a thin high falsetto with the classic line:'it's not magic it's not madness-just the elements i style'another classic stevie ballad.the cocktail sounding instrumental 'send one your love'is nice when having dinner or romance.next up is the nearly 9 minutes of funk and in my opinion stevie's greatest funk workout:'race babbling'.'race babbling is pure UNCUT FUNK!stevie utilized the sounds of dfw airport of the planes sound effects for this jam.with serious lyrics:'man's production-life's corruption/with stevie observing the plants point of view:'you need us to live but we don't need you'.wonder also uses guest female vocalist josie james in the middle of the song.josie's voice is dark and sexy.'race babbling' is classic wonderfunk!<br /><br />'send one your love'(the vocal version)was the album's hit single is one of many stevie wonder lovesongs.'outside my window'was the 2nd and final single release from the album.'outside my window'has a light raindrop beat with classic wonder vocals.'black orchid'could be the ultimate dedication song 2 black women.the sad but beautiful 'ecclesiastes' with it's cathedral sounding vibe with wonder playing all the instruments and add to it wonder's vocal performance on the song-it's one of wonder's greatest vocal performances-it'll leave you in tears!!/'kesse ye lolo de ye'(translation:a seed's a star)has stevie utilizing the african sound with african vocalists.'come back as a flower' has stevie reuniting with his ex-syreeta.syreeta sings the lead vocals while stevie chills out for background vocals and instrumentation.'comeback as a flower'is a tender love song with syreeta's soft vocals.<br /><br />'a seed's a star and tree medley'is another uptempo funkjam performed live in front of an african audience with stevie paying tribute to 'po tolo'an african star.the beautiful haunting title track,'the secret life of plants'with stevie's classic piano playing and serious soulful vocals pouring his heart and soul into another of one of his finest vocals.in the song stevie mentions the discoveries we find inside the secret life of plants.wonder's heartfelt compassion for plants is felt even more when describes with deep feeling for plants when mankind's atrocities are done 2 them:'a stomp,cut,drown,or burn as if they're nothing'.wonder closes the song in heartfelt compassion:'but who am i to doubt or question the inevitable being/for these are but a few discoveries we find inside the secret life of plants'concluding the song in a quiet calm silence.'tree' is one of wonder's most beautifully composed instrumentals.the song quietly starts off with quiet piano and it warms up to a beautiful crescendo bracketed by synthesizer sounds,soft thunder storms,and sounds of water splashing awashed from the sea.a beautiful,cool,warm  instrumental.the grand finale is the final song on the album,'finale'.'finale' is a beautiful funk groove with a warm beat with wonder's synthesizer magic.the song mixes the previous songs before it into a glorious mixture of plant funk,ending the album on a strong funk groove.'stevie wonder's journey through the secret life of plants'is pure musical artistry from a musical genuis.....l into another of one of his finest vocals.in the song stevie mentions the discoveries we find inside the secret life of plants.wonder's heartfelt compassion for plants is felt even more when describes with deep feeling for plants when mankind's atrocities are done 2 them:'a stomp,cut,drown,or burn as if they're nothing'.wonder closes the song in heartfelt compassion:'but who am i to doubt or question the inevitable being/for these are but a few discoveries we find inside the secret life of plants'concluding the song in a quiet calm silence.'tree' is one of wonder's most beautifully composed instrumentals.the song quietly starts off with quiet piano and it warms up to a beautiful crescendo bracketed by synthesizer sounds,soft thunder storms,and sounds of water splashing awashed from the sea.a beautiful,cool,warm  instrumental.the grand finale is the final song on the album,'finale'.'finale' is a beautiful funk groove with a warm beat with wonder's synthesizer magic.the song mixes the previous songs before it into a glorious mixture of plant funk,ending the album on a strong funk groove.'stevie wonder's journey through the secret life of plants'is pure musical artistry from a musical genuis.....
B000000WF0|1.0|Boring typical british new romantic crap.  To say this album can stand the test of time is a joke!  There are plenty of copies in the second hand record shops already!  Anybody into this trash should get a life.
B0001AP12G|5.0|Kanye West`s new c.d. collage dropout is one of the best c.d.`s ive ever heard. every song on the c.d. is awesome. I think this could very well be the begining of a great new record label. Roc-a-fella has a steady group of rappers out now for example kanye, jay-z,beenie sigel,and the young gunz. Some of my personal favorites on collage dropout are new workout plan( very funny), family business ( a more sensitive side of kanye), breathe in breathe out ft. luda,through the wire , and jesus walks. Its great to finally see a rapper come out with a religous hit. If you dont have this c.d. u are really missing out on something amazing.
B00006F83Y|5.0|I am, and I really love it!
B00005A0N5|1.0|This would be great if Nightwish had a concert at the bottom of the ocean, or, am I wishing too much here?  Crap! Avoid!
B000088E6D|1.0|Anybody that likes this whining idiot needs a head transplant.  I have to give this guy credit though, if you want to annoy the neighbours just stick this record on.  It's painful.
B00005JMEW|5.0|Kill Bill: Volume 1 ranks as one of my best &quot;cinematic experiences&quot; of all time.  By this I mean, it literally had me jumping out of my seat with excitement.  From the first second to the last I was fully in love with this film-- in love with the characters, the plot, and the gorgeous action scenes.<br />The movie opens with a bang, literally.  After being introduced to the main character &quot;the Bride&quot;, I felt very connected to her, and each character that was introduced after that.  I found myself laughing out loud a lot more than I thought I would, it possessed a somewhat dark sense of humor which added greatly to the already great list of things I loved about the movie so far.  Yes, there is a lot of blood, but it's meant more in a comical way than in a realistic way, used to prove just how strong and powerful a person the Bride is.  <br />Although the plot is basically a revenge story, it feels like so much more.  You get to meet and understand the characters she's planning to kill before she kills them.  I felt almost sad after she killed them, because they really earned my respect as characters by the time of their death.<br />Lastly, why I loved this movie so much was because it looks so beautiful on the screen.  The cinematography is just gorgeous.  Despite all of this, I still feel that my understanding of this movie isn't as deep as I'd like, I'm sure there are many points that I'm missing.  See this movie.
0140186409|5.0|I hadn't read Steinbeck since high school and I have to admit that the brilliance of his work escaped me then.  It didn't this time.  This book is impressive on many levels.  Steinbeck has captured the reality of life in America during the Depression like few others.  In doing so, he has also captured a snapshot of America that is both poignant and enlightening.  The greatest works of art and literature transcend themselves beyond the immediate and become timeless and that is very much the case here.  Most readers will find they have little in common with the Joad family and yet Steinbeck portrays the human side of an Oklahoma family so well that most every reader can relate to them.  Steinbeck's brilliance is apparent in his ability to portray and to relate the human condition.  It is also apparent in creating a work of vision that is both immense in scope and finite in detail.  Oddly, in a tragic story largely full of despair, Steinbeck still manages to communicate a sense of optimism and hope for our society.  This book is worth reading more than once and I have to agree with its rating in the top 10 of the century.
0385335482|5.0|When one of my friends recommended Confessions of a Shopaholic to me, it took me a while to get my but to the book store and buy it.  I'm definatly not someone who likes to read.  But when I started reading it, I was immediatly hooked.  I could totally relate!!!!  I loved how Sophie Kinsella talked about the clothes and made it seem like Becky was real!  I mean, which girl can't relate to Becky Bloomwood in some way.  Although it's not really suspensful, Sophie Kinsella has you hooked.  I couldn't stop reading it.  <BR>Another thing I liked about this book, is that there are not many like it.  How many authors would base a book on someone who loves to shop.  This book is hilariously funny and I recommend it to any shopaholic.
B0000DD7LB|2.0|Every time my sister plays this disc, she puts on her skimpiest outfits and BECOMES Britney...her pure energy, &quot;saavy&quot; style, and gyrating hips. Not so innocent hun...But girlfriend, Britney Spears rocks for one reason only. What's that? Well, I have no talent, but her music has taught me that I don't need it to become famous. Buy this CD now!<br />Hopefully, one day Britney will pair up with say, Kathleen Hanna, and give dear Britney a few lessons on what REAL lesbians do.<br />And if you like Britney Spears, try listening to Ashlee Simpson. Yes, that sweetheart kid-sister of Jessica Simpson. She has this really cool reality show on MTV that focuses on her rise to a career of super-stardom...even though she hasn't done anything yet!
0385336810|5.0|Okay, so I'll admit.  It's not a shopaholic book.  The character is Emma, not Becky Bloomwood.  The boyfriend is Conner not Luke, but Sophie Kinsella has done it again.  This book again has a character we can relate to.  Emma has a tone of secrets until she shares them with a stranger on the plane.  She, like Becky, has to get herself out of her huge mess before its to late.  I love Sophie Kinsella's books, and would definatly recommend this book to anyone, but the shopaholic books were better.  I, however, can't wait till the movie Can You Keep A Secret starring Kate Hudson comes out!
B000002N2P|5.0|When I listen to Warning, I ignore the first four songs and then play the rest (which is all brilliant) straight. With Dookie, I always skip Pulling Teeth, Chump, and Sassafras Roots. On Nimrod, Take Back and Walking Alone are clearly subpar. Insomniac may not have some of the greats, but the CD is great because it has practically nothing weak.<br />Armatage Shanks- Very good starting song. It's not \\"Nice Guys Finish Last,\\" but it and \\"Burnout\\" compete for GD's best opener. Only one weak point in the whole song, a part where they kinda echo; I think it detracts from the song, but the rest is genius. 9.5/10<br />Brat- One of my two least favorite on the CD. I don't know why, this just isn't my favorite. 7/10<br />Stuck With Me- Definately top 3. I loved in on Superhits, and the more you listen, the more it grows on you. 10/10<br />Geek Stink Breath- Very nice. Just not up to par with some of the greats. 9/10<br />No Pride- Also a very good song. \\"Dignity's a landmine,\\" and \\"to hell with unity\\" are good lines. 9/10<br />Bab's Uvula Who?- A bit repetitive, but still quite good. 8/10<br />86- The other weak point of the CD. A lot lighter than the rest. This reminds me a lot of something No Fun At All would do. The chorus makes me think of \\"Celestial Q&A.\\" It's one of NFAA's better songs, but it's one of Green Day's weaker ones. Shows the difference between the two. 7/10<br />Panic Song- This one depends on how you listen to it. A long (two seconds short of two minutes) instrumental intro begins to get boring if you're focused completely on the song, but when your attention is divided, it pulses with energy, the excitement growing as it gets closer to the beginning of the lyrics, which are awesome. \\"The world is a sick machine breeding a mass of sh*t.\\" 9/10<br />Stuart and the Ave.- Great lyrics, insanely catchy. Definately top three on this CD. \\"Destiny is dead in the hands of bad luck. Before it might have made some sense, but now it's all f*cked up.\\" 10/10<br />BrainStew- everyone knows this song. At first I thought it was boring, as it is very repetitive, but it's also very catchy, and not a bad song as long as you don't get Jaded by listening to the radio to often.- 9/10<br />Jaded- speaking of Jaded...I don't think you CAN get Jaded with this song. By far the fastest song on the CD, and I like fast music. Easily the best on the CD. One of GD's best. 10+/10<br />Westbound Sign- It slows down a lot whenever they say \\"West...something.\\" The other parts are cool. Especially the bridge. 8.5/10<br />Tight Wad Hill- This definately sounds like another GD song, I just can't place which one. It's really bugging me too. Sounds maybe a bit redundant due to the familiarity. 8/10<br />Walking Contradiction- A good song, but the lyrics make it a great one. \\"Talk is cheap and lies are expensive,\\" and \\"Call 'em as I see 'em even if I was born deaf, blind and dumb.\\" 9/10<br />By the way, songs usually repeat the title a bunch in the lyrics. Not here. Four songs (\\"Walking Contradiction,\\" \\"No Pride,\\" \\"86,\\" and \\"Westbound Sign\\" repeat the title multiple times in the lyrics. \\"Stuart and the Ave.\\" says the title once (in the first line) and \\"Geek Stink Breath\\" also says it once, though it's in an almost unintelligable last line. I think \\"Brat\\" may use that word once or twice. The other SEVEN songs make no reference at all to their titles. Weird, but pretty cool.
0385510438|2.0|I am still a big fan of Grisham's earlier books, especially Pelican Brief, but I think he's run out of ideas. The Last Juror  is tired, boring, derivative and a waste of time.
055357342X|5.0|I won't rehash what i've already written in the first book review, only to say i'm not a big fantasy story fan, and absolutely love this series.  If you want fighting and warfare that's more realistic than other fantasy novels, characters that you go from loathing to actually liking, absolute unpredictability, and an epic story that's far more expanse than most out there, this is the series for you.  I just can't say enough good things about this series, so it's a must-read for all fantasy and even non-fantasy fans.
0062502182|5.0|I really enjoyed this book. It didn't bog me down with a lot of details, it told a simple story, with a message. Kind of reminded me of myself and the journey called life that I go through. I highly recommend this book.
B00005Y6YB|5.0|One of my all time favorite movies.....an absolute MuST SEE!!!!  And I don't even typically like Westerns!!! The movie is a little slow starting, but once the cattle drive begins, you'll find yourself glued to to the screen.  Larry McMurty does a spectacular job in developing characters that the viewer becomes attached to and really cares about.  He really has a knack for that....did you know he also wrote \\"Terms of Endearment\\"?  Anyway, I loved each and every character particuarly Augustus and truly missed his presence in the sequels.  The only minor complaints I had were that I couldn't stand the role of Jake Spoon but I'm not sure if that is because of the character himself or due to Robert Urich's performance.  I mean an actor is only as good as the character he is playing so you can hardly blame him.  I also was a little iffy about Angelica Houston portraying Clara.  Don't get me wrong, I adore Ms. Houston as an actress, but I'm not sure if she was the right person to portray Clara.  She seemed a little too tall/big boned for the role and looked awkward at times, especially when she towered over Augustus.  You can especially see it when they first reunite and hug. Other than these two minor flaws, the movie is absolutely perfect and will stay in your mind a long time after watching.  Just the thing to watch during a snowstorm or if you are in bed sick.
1592400876|4.0|This book's fame was everywhere long before it was published in America.  Usually, I don't read books that get such hype, but it was difficult not to be intrigued by both its premise and fame.  Before buying it, I saw Lynne Truss on Book TV on C-Span and found her amusing.  I decided to try the book.<br />Well, it turns out that I am a fellow &quot;stickler.&quot;  I'm one of those people who punctuates her emails and spells everything out.  Obviously, this book was meant for me.  Now, when I read a newspaper article or a published bit of fiction, I'll feel justified in waving my little red and white book and saying, &quot;See, I told y'all all along that it should be hyphenated.&quot;  Although one must be careful to distinguish the difference between English Enlish and American English.  (Should those be hyphenated?  Where's my book?)<br />One of the most telling moments in this entire phenomenon was when Truss said in her Book TV appearance that writing the book was a bit like taking pictures of Venice:  You want something to remember it by after it disapears.  Perhaps the popularity of the book means the demise of correct punctuation has been delayed.
B000002VBY|4.0|This is one of the band's best albums. A lot of people have stated that they started getting a little more soft here, but I don't see it. It may not be as heavy as &quot;One Vice at a Time&quot; but its still rocks out. The band has always been good at mixing hard rock with catchy choruses and good melody. They do that here in the form of great tracks like &quot;Screaming in the Night&quot; with its great buildup, &quot;Eat the Rich&quot; and the title track. If you like Krokus or good solid hard rock in general, you will like this album a lot
B000089RV6|5.0|This album is their best and has great vocals. Johnson does a great job, in one song though, givin' the dog a bone, he repeats 'givin' the dog a bone&quot; over and over. It gets annoying, but besides that, Hells Bells is great, Back in Black is probably one of the best rock songs in history. And there are some songs with alot of... enthusiasm, like shake a leg and shoot to thrill. I recommend this to all rock fans.
B000001ELL|5.0|This a great album,I don't know how any one could call this a disco album.There are only a few songs I could call disco on here.The best tracks in my opinion include:2,000 man,Charisma,Magic Touch,I was made for loving you,and Sure Know Something.Forget what anyone said about this album being disco because the only disco song on the album is dirty Livin'which also happens to be one of the worst songs Kiss has ever written.This is a great album so don't pass it up.
B000002H97|4.0|This album is good. While Hetfield isn't that great at vocals, the guitar solos and Ulrich's drums make up for it. Songs like The God that Failed and Sad But true are good, slower metal songs. And Don't Tread on me is probably the best song. The other thing that's not that great is the bass, Newsted doesn't do anything on the bass, it's just one note the whole song basically. But, all in all, this album has great solos and Ulrich does great on the drums.
B000001FQQ|5.0|This album is no Destroyer, Love Gun, or Alive!, but it is still a good KISS album! Best songs include:Rise To It,Hide your Heart,Siver Spoon,Forever,You Love me to Hate You,and King of Hearts.
B00004W52U|5.0|After listening to Rancid, I decided that Lint (AKA Tim Armstrong) has no talent as a song writer whatsoever. Then I discovered Operation Ivy and found out just how wrong I was. <br />Energy Ranks alongside fresh fruit for rotting vegetables, The clash's debut and other great punk rock albums as simply one of the greatest albums ever. Even if you dont like ska, you'll probably like this, it's not all ska anyway, there are several straight up punk rock songs.<br />Every song on this album is good, there is not one average song on here. Lint is a good guitarist, Matt McCall is a brilliant bassist, Dave Mello's drumming is a little more creative than the usual generic drum beat and Jesse Micheals is quite simply one of the best vocalists ever and is even better at writing lyrics than he is at singing. Just look at the lyrics to Jaded, Big City or most of the songs on here. The highlights of this album are Jaded, Sound system, Big city, Knowledge and caution, but every song on here is so brilliant, you'd almost think it was a greatest hits collection. You cant really call yourself either a punk, a ska fan, or just someone who enjoys good music untill you have this CD. The only criticisms I have are that a few songs sound a little similar to one another and that Operation Ivy never released anything other than this. <br />And what the hell are all these people complaining about regarding the sound quality. It's not bad at all. It's far better than some other recordings I have heard. Maybe those reviewers never listen to any other underground music, because the quality here isnt worse than your average punk album.
B00004U8H4|1.0|I don't know what to say. This movie is so horribly bad, I had to stop it more then twice. The only reason I started watching it again is because I didn't want to waste the three bucks I spent on it at Blockbuster. I know by now, you are problably thinking that I'm an ignorant movie watcher who hates horror. Well, you're wrong. I love horror movies as much as the next guy. To be honest, I enjoy gore very much and I don't expect a good plot from a horror movie, not even from American Psycho. I knew it would be stupid, long before I watched it, but a friend of mine told me it was funny. So I thought: \\"What the hell.\\" This movie was distasteful, even to me. And another thing, the amount of sex incorporated into this film, is pointless. I think the film's director put that amount because she is a woman and just wants to prove to people, that she can be just as dirty as any male director. In conclusion, I would give this film no stars if I could, but unfortunately 1 is the lowest number. One last thing, I heard there's an unrated version to American Psycho. I can't imagine how that turned out.
B000286RZM|5.0|After hearing shadows collide with people i didnt think johns music could get more deep and meaningful. Turns out i was wrong then. if u love his other albums u MUST get this (although this is NOTHING like the chili peppers) u really will love it. Beatufil songs from a deep talented musician!
B0000CFW87|5.0|Gosh after reading what a few people had to say about Josh is just sad, okay so u dont like josh's amazing music, im sorry because u are missing out, first of all i dont think it's fair to say that it's boring or whatever else that seems pretty mean, not everyone likes every kind of MUSIC...THATS WHAT MAKES THE WORLD GO WORLD PEOPLE....<br />All i know is that since i first heard josh in 2002, i couldnt believe this was a 21 yr old singing like that, the boy's got serious talent!!!! I loved everything he's done, he can change his voice to sing any song, &quot;There for me&quot; with Sarah Brightman, &quot;Remember When It Rained&quot; written by josh, &quot;Never Let Go&quot; with deep forest, i can name so many songs...TALENT!!!!And he's gonna be around for a long long time...<br />I recommend josh's cd to everyone of every age group, i've wanted<BR>to learn italian since i heard his songs, it's an amazing language as spanish, i mean Alajate and Si Volvieras A Mi, beautiful....okay so i've written my review<BR>EXELLENT AND I GIVE HIM 1 MILLION STARS!!!!!!!GO BUY HIS CD!!!
B00018TI5E|5.0|On most of johns albums he plays music from the heart. this is no exeption whatsoever. this album is stunning &quot;Carvel&quot; is the perfect opener to the record with great acoustic riffs. with the aid of Josh Klinghoffer on vocals for &quot;omission&quot; this makes a great track really stand out. the third track is a beautiful two line song about the regret of his troublesome past. The amazing thing about this album is that his music shows that he is a happier person since coming clean from drug abuse. After hearing samples from &quot;smile from the streets you hold&quot; the improvement of this album really stands out. plus it is also clear that frusciante writes songs, not because he thinks other people will like the sound of them..but because every inch of his personality is embedded in these tracks, straight from the heart!! this album is amazing and u need it!
B0001XWV0S|5.0|After the recent letdowns of teen comedy series, such as American Wedding or Scary Movie 3 (though everyone loves Leslie Neilsen), I wasn't expecting anything out of Euro Trip. However, the time has come for me to eat those words AND my hat. This is possibly the funniest movie aimed at a younger generation since the first American Pie, or perhaps even earlier. Not only does it diffuse my need for random female nudity, but it also appeases my overly stereotypical view of other countries (cough france cough). This is well worth any price! Laugh on!
B0000DZEE3|5.0|I was lucky enough to be one of the thousands to attend the chili peppers gig in hyde park in the UK on the 19th of june. And it was amazing. But this DVD gives an amazing insight to how the chili peppers perform live and how there huge sounds really get the crowds singingalong and creating a more than amazing atmosphere. John Frusciante rocks on this dvd. the guitar sound is awesome. The set list is all made up of recent songs from blood sugar... to by the way. old skool fans may not like this DVD because no old songs are played here.. but who cares udhave to be mad. this is an essential perchase for any chilis fan!!
B00005R2M3|5.0|This cd is brilliant, Shak knew how to mix all different kind of styles, and she used her voice with everything it has.<BR>In contradicti to other,s i think the lyrics aren't bad becuz of her 'bad english'. Her english is very well, and the lyrics are just different from those simple Britney-lyrics. Shakira uses metaphors, strange rhymes etc. Very original.<BR>Shakira is brilliant in writing music. She knows every instrument, and she is involved to every instrument used. Whenevr wherever has brazilian drums and a panflute. Underneath your clothes, is a quite acoustic song with instruments like horns and trumpets in it, Objection is a pop/rock/tango song, one of the most original songs on the cd. Rules is kinda 'back to the 70s' song, the one is a beautiful rockballad with strings in it (my fav shaki song). Ready for the good times is an '80s disco song, but with cool guitars, Fool is a quite bluesy rockballad and great lyrics! Te dejo Madrid is a cool rock song, with a cool harmonica, and ik makes you wanna sing and dance... and the lyrics are very funny! Poem to a horse is a rock song with trumpets and greta lyrics. Eyes like yours is an english version of Shakira's Ojos asi (1998). and seurte and te aviso te anuncio are spanish versions of Whenever... and Objection.<br />Ver original, and totally NO latin Britney!
B00006F83Y|1.0|i love know one knowe's by this band it is an amazing song and an amazing guitar riff. Plus go with the flow.. another great song. So what happened to the rest of the album?? i was dissappointed when buying this album expecting more great metal music only to find a weird mess of songs with over distorted instruments. Josh hommes lyrics can barely be picked out from most of this tracks. a bad sounding album
B00005K3NR|5.0|&quot;Carrie&quot; is a monumental film released in 1976 that was so fresh for its time that many rushed to the theater to see it.  This is based on the first novel published by Stephen King in 1974.  When it was released, no other author had touched such territories in a such unique style.  The unusual theme kept people curious to what he would write next.  He immediately became a celebrity.  Such uniqueness remains fresh today.  &quot;Carrie&quot; is also the first film adaptation of one of his novels.  It earned two Oscar nominations: Best Actress (Sissy Spacek) and Best Supporting Actress (Piper Laurie).<br />This brilliant plot of a high school student, Carrie White, continues growing more interesting moment after moment.  The mystery and the suspense builds as Carrie slowly discovers and understands her supernatural powers.  Once she learns that it has a name, telekenesis, they begin growning more destructively.  However, the emotional aspect remains present, namely through the bullying and being emotionally tortured by her abusive religious mother.  The chain of events keep audiences watching closely up to the chilling conclusion.  The haunting conclusion has since become famous like the shower scene in &quot;Psycho&quot; (1960).  Her rampage has since been imitated by several films, but none have matched the intensity of &quot;Carrie&quot;.  Such tremendous film quality goes beyond Carrie's humilating moment of having pig's blood dumped on her by some bully pranksters during her senior prom.  <br />The physical surroundings and the performance enhance the eerie theme.  The house decorations enhance the good vs. evil aspect, going beyond the multiple crosses.  They give the supernatural plot portions a deeper horror feel.  Though all the actors performed their roles well, Spacek and Laurie stand out.  Spacek expresses her tortures splendidly, giving audiences the powerful aspect.  This is the film that placed her in much higher acting territory.  Laurie's performance alone made the telekenesis theme more scary.  <br />&quot;Carrie&quot; is a great film for those looking for a great horror classic.  It's sure to please audiences for many more years.  However, it's sequel &quot;The Rage: Carrie 2&quot;, not based on a Stephen King novel, is not as great as the original though worth watching once.
B000021XS0|5.0|I got into DT from Metropolis Part 1: The Miracle and the Sleeper, off Images and Words, and loved it. I got Scenes from a Memory, and it has surpassed all my expectations. Dream Theater is one of those bands that grows on you a lot, and even though i only liked a few songs at first, you gradually begin to think, &quot;Why didnt I like this before!&quot; Definitely what the other reviewers have said is true, this album is phenomenal. I will do a song-by-song review, but i must stress that you listen to the album in FULL, as that is the way to experience its full greatness.I am trying to be as subjective as possible...<br />Regression (N/A)): Yes, it needs to be done, the introduction to the story, but this is just the intro so even though its not special, it does give a somewhat direct introduction into what has happened. I do not really count this as a track...<br />Overture 1928 (10/10): A great instrumental! This song contains fragments of the other songs on the cd, and combines them flawlessly. (And this is great to play on guitar)<br />Strange Deja Vu (9/10): A fantastic song, which is one of my favorites on the cd.<br />Through my Words/Fatal Tragedy (9/10): A great song, with some good guitar by Pettruci... <br />Beyond this life (8/10): A heavier song, but the vocals arent great, the drums at the the start aren't my style, but its a good song nontheless...<br />Through her eyes (7.5/10): Dont get me wrong, its a good song, but not in comparison to the others on this cd.<br />Home (10/10): Wow, Petrucci opens with a great wah-wah riff, and into great licks throughout the song. It's in an exotic mode, and even though it's near 13 minutes long, it goes by amazingly quickly.<br />The Dance of Eternity (9/10): A brilliant instrumental, finally we can see John Myung's skill on bass.<br />One Last Time (8.5/10) A great song... yeah<br />The Spirit Carries On (9.5/10): A great song, soaring melodies... good solo by Petrucci<br />Finally Free (10/10): Amazing, it shows so many facets of emotion, its great, a wonderful conclusion.<br />The best song in my opinion is &quot;Home,&quot; with one of the best riffs, and &quot;The Dance of Eternity&quot; and &quot;Overture 1928&quot; are a great instrumentals, showcasing the bands's extreme skill of their respective instruments, as well as their cohesion. That said, all the songs are great! If you havent heard DT, check out Images and Words, as its easy to get into, and then Scenes from a Memory (this album).... you wont be dissapointed!
B000002J2F|4.0|I felt compelled to give a brief review of Duke because of the inexplicably negative ones here, so that those new to Genesis or who haven't listened to Duke would know the truth.  I first bought this record at the age of 13 a few years after its release, and it has always stood as one of my favorites of the Genesis catalog, as well as among my record collection as a whole.  I return to it time and again.  As others have pointed out, stylistically it's a transitional album for the group, between their art-rock period and their more pop-oriented era.  As such, it has elements of both eras and this is one of its great attributes.  This is simply a phenomenal listening experience.  It's ear candy from start to finish, with doses of the layered, complex arrangements we love from this band, like &quot;Duke's Travels/Duke's End,&quot; to pop tunes like &quot;Turn It on Again&quot; that never get old.  It is wholly accessible both to those who might dig Phil Collins' solo stuff and those who are looking for more intelligent and stylish art rock.  No it ain't &quot;Lamb Lies Down...&quot; or &quot;Selling England...,&quot; but all bands evolve and like those records, &quot;Duke&quot; has its own prominent place in the creative world of Genesis.
038073186X|5.0|i was completely glued to this book from beginning to end. Very rarely do I read books that I feel the need to tell someone else constantly how engrossing and good a book is, but this was one of them.<br />Then when it was over... I felt sick. The ending terrified me. I read this six months ago, and when I think about it I still get chills. This book is like being inside of a nightmare. It probably says something about my own mind, but it is the scariest book I have ever read.
B000000OQY|4.0|G N' R lies is a great CD. It Has 4 live Songs and 4 acoustic studio songs. Out of the acoustics the best songs are Your Crazy and One in a Million. Then out of the live stuff my favs are Move to the City and Mamma Kin.  This is a great G N' R CD but I'd Reccomend buying Appetite for destruction first.  This is an essential CD to buy if your into classic Glam rock.
B00004STDN|5.0|I don't understand why this movie has got such poor aver rating(3.5stars) and about those worst xxx awards.<br />This is one of the BEST action films i have ever seen.<BR>picturization is superb.<BR>It stands as one of the few movies i ever want to watch again and again.
B000089RVX|1.0|Do you know what kind of kids I see listening to this? the ones who wear black all the time and yet claim to be original. Then they try to look depressed and walk around the mall to be seen in their fancy clothes even though they have the perfect family life and dozens of friends.
B0000AI44Q|4.0|I have been an ardent fan of Neil my entire life.  He has always been the &quot;funky one&quot; of the CSN group and always appealed to me more than the others of that group....read between the lines.<br />I honestly can say that I have every recording that Neil has ever done.  95% of them I love, some I kind of push aside.  I'm still waiting for a similar album to &quot;Harvest Moon&quot;, which I think was the best album he ever did.  I just know it will come eventually!!<br />Anyway, this recording was a surprise for me.  I wasn't really sure what I was going to get, but the moment I listened to it, it brought me back to the feelings that I got from some of Neil's earlier works.<br />The thing that drove it all home for me was the bonus DVD of him, in Ireland of all places, doing a complete accoustic set of the entire album.  Although I loved the footage, I think it would have been better to be somewhere domestic...he is so political--so be on home turf, Neil.  California would have been the spot, since it is where the &quot;story&quot; takes place.<br />Regardless, I was hooked, it was fantastic.  I didn't know I was getting the DVD and tried to plug it into my car stereo where it was promptly rejected.  Ok, I thought, go to the DVD player.  Wow!  I LOVED his communications, humor, lyrics and music.  When I listened to the CD after that, I was able to envision the entire wonderful story...like a great book.<br />Although I don't think this is one of his most profound ventures, I do love the album and play it all the time.  It is definitely worth it if you love Neil.  As always, he is ever-evolving.  I'm a faithful and loyal listener and will always be grateful for whatever he conjures up!
B000089RVX|2.0|I was perusing a bulletin board a couple of months ago and noticed a lot of comments about the song &quot;Wake me up inside&quot;.  Supposedly it was heavy, so I downloaded it.  The beat was slightly syncopated, which to me implies some level of musical sophistacation.  The guitar was simplistic but it had a pretty cool riff in the middle.  The singer was good, but mainstream focus on singers has left me and many others disaffected in the last couple of years.  I thought to myself, what a great song!  I hope this brings *real* rock to the masses!<br />Then I saw the video on MuchMusic.  They had, apparently, re mixed the song.  The guitar was quieted.  And the cool riff in the middle was replaced... by a rapper.  I don't know who is responible for that, but I'm still mad months later.  I wonder if it is some group of record exectuives, who are now sitting patting each other's backs, saying, &quot;That was a great idea!&quot;  I wonder if they realize that if they had left the song as it was, the band would not be a joke among serious musicians in the goth and hard rock community?<br />My second gripe is the mediocrity.  The album has some good moments, but usually this is ruined by the simplicity and repetativeness.  Simplicity can be a very good tool in music, but it can lead to boring music if its not done properly.  Clearly someone, whether its record execs, or band members, is pushing this band to be more marketable.  I heard the guitarist left the band, and I wonder if it is because he didn't want to be involved in selling out?  <br />My third gripe is Amy Lee herself.  She tries to make a point of mentioning how she's misportrayed, and I've seen her talking about how the media focuses on her.  But if I remember correctly, No Doubt had the same problem early in their career, and instead of griping about it, they refused to give interviews to single band members, or allow the media to focus on the singer.<br />When I was a kid, I once talked to my mom about howmy favourite band had become crappy.  She said to me, &quot;Doesn't it suck when a band sells out to the mainstream?  I hate that.&quot;  My mom isn't &quot;cool&quot; or into the underground scene at all, but if even she knows that, I really wonder why Evanescence doesn't.
B0001HAHXW|5.0|Great blues classics played by a true master.  You get all the orignal versions of songs that have been played from Led Zeppelin to the White Stripes.
0060512806|5.0|I enjoyed this book from start to finish, and went right to the computer to order more books by the author.<br />The style can be a little trying -- the metaphor density is about 6 to the page -- and it can get a little arch.  Still, most of the flourishes are pretty fresh, while some are genuinely startling.<br />One review on this site complained of the overly &quot;freakish&quot; characters.  That's certainly fair.  If your taste doesn't run to characters who are extreme outsiders, you won't enjoy the book.  Personally, I found the characters engaging.<br />Science fiction writers like to work a Theory of Everything into their plots.  This author has a handful of Theories of Everything.  I didn't mind.  Most of the theories were interesting enough to serve as enhancements of the story rather than annoying digressions.
B00005JLK1|2.0|This movie ain't too good. I watched it last night, expected what I got, but I was bored, so I watched it anyway. The story revolves around an evil spirit who tricks a group of people into boarding a ghost ship in which he is collecting souls to send to Hell. Great plot, huh? He has to reach the number of souls required, so I killing everyone originally on board the ship (who are the ghosts now) wasn't enough, so he brings new people on for those ghosts, and himself, to kill. Yay!<br />This isn't really a scary movie. It's gory as all hell, so if you have a weak stomach, do avoid. You're gonna see a wire slashing through everyone (except the little girl, of course) on a dance floor (which wouldn't really happen, right?), a hook swinging down and going into the side of a woman's face, bodies chopped in half, some guy's head cut in half and slowly sliding off, etc. However, all these effects are pretty good, actually. If there's a reason to see this movie, it's definetly the effects, if you can stomach them.<br />Also, there's a little girl who was killed on the ship who is actually a good guy. She's so cute!
0517548232|4.0|Don't buy the audio version from audible.com .<br />Their programming skills are terrible. I could not download some of the books I bought, could not burn into cd the ones I could download, and forget about making it work with an mp3 player, unless you're lucky.<br />I know about 5 people who bought stuff from there and only one had the luck of downloading a working file and burning it successfully to a cd. <br />The quality of the narrations is awful, at least in the books I managed to hear (only on windows media player, nothing else worked). If you're used to books on cd or tape, you're up for  a big disappointment buying from audible.<br />On top of all that, they have the worst customer service I have ever witnessed. The site was not working right when I tried to purchase there for the first time. I sent them a message with no answer. <br />In a second attempt, I bought the stuff and some files never downloaded (which means they just stole my money and I don't know what I can do since I don't live in USA). I sent another message with no answer again. <br />Then their weird program, which turns Windows Media Player automatically on instead of working alone, showed no compatibility to Itunes and no possibility of burning cds or dreaming about hearing books on Ipod. I sent them a third message and nothing. A fourth and guess what? Nothing again.<br />So I am at least trying to warn other people here to avoid being caught by such scheme. I hope Amazon gets rid of audible as soon as possible. I always got great service from Amazon and the affiliated bookstores, or even other stores selling electronics, health products and others, but audible is just the worst company I ever wasted my money with. Too bad we cannot give notes to them like with the affiliated booksellers.<br />Sorry by the poor text, I am just mad with them.
B000002UJQ|5.0|if you are looking for a C.D that maybe pushes the boundries of music or that will make you appreciate the power of music. BUY THIS ALBUM. It is so emotional and has so much meaning to it. some of my favorite tracks are &quot;Karma Police&quot; &quot;exit music (for a film)&quot; and &quot;no suprises&quot; this is possibly my favorite album of all time because it is wonderfull on so many different levels.
B0001Z52RU|4.0|I went to the theater (a small one) and this was not the movie that was supposed to be shown but the other one did not come in so they showed _Butterfly Effect_.  I was already there so I figured, \\"what the heck.\\"  I was very happy with my decision because I enjoyed this movie immensly.  I have to agree with another reviewer that it is more like sci-fi than horror, but I liked it none-the-less.  Ashton did an excellent job on the dramatic side of acting rather than his normal comedy and I was surprised by this as well.  All in all, I left the theater happy that a mistake had been made.
B00003CXXP|2.0|The obvious answer must be the Blue Fairy, a magical being to whom David makes desperate entreaties (i.e. prayer), only to discover she does not exist (a la Wizard of Oz).  The problem with this movie (or more directly the people who conceived it) is that it asks important questions without being open to important possibilities.  David's Blue Fairy is a creation of his own suffering and hope.  This really disturbs me, because I think the message just below the surface here is that the movie suggests this to be analogous of the human conception of the divine.  Having divorced itself from God (and therefore order, purpose, and meaning) no wonder the ending is so unsatisfactory.  Returning to the movie's suggestion that God is a creation of human longing, is it not also fair to ask whether those who say there is no God have concluded this either to pursue pleasure without responsibility or as a (dysfunctional) way to cope with tragedy?<br />I gave the movie 2 stars because it does (indirectly and I suspect unwittingly) bring to light the important (and may I dare say holy) vocation of motherhood.
B00008EYA5|4.0|this movie was excellent. i didn't give it 5 stars because the plot could have, but just barely, been better. the action was wonderful and the ideas ingenious!
B000002P2V|3.0|This is not he best release by the original Who, but it's in the top five. However for the remaster, they remixed the disc, sometimes to really, REALLY tragic results. Removing the guitar overdub(s) on Trick of the Light removes so much of the sting of the album's strongest track. They did some tweaking to all of the catalogue during this remaster (I'm sure there will be another in the next few years) but I think this was the most ham-handed of the bunch. Pity.
B00007CVSH|3.0|QUESTA EDIZIONE DEL TROVATORE MI HA INCURIOSITO PER GLI ELOGI LETTI.IO NON HO MAI ASCOLTATO CURA PRIMA DI QUESTO TROVATORE.<BR>PENSO CHE CANTA QUEST'OPERA COME NEGLI ANNI CINQUANTA DA TENORE VERISTA E SCENDENDO DI MEZZO TONO &quot;DI QUELLA PIRA&quot; NON DO MA SI.<BR>SE UN TENORE NON HA IL DO NON CANTI IL TROVATORE..OPPURE LO CANTI CON RICCARDO MUTI.<BR>BENISSIMO IL BARITONO<BR>BENE IL MEZZOSOPRANO<BR>MALE IL SOPRANO (ANCHE LEI SENZA &quot;DO&quot;) E SFIATATA
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This is a very good album, and it is much more even than Mer de Norms in my opinion. I knew when I bought it that it wouldn't be Tool, but it still kinda reminds me of a softer and more user friendly version of Tool. I say user-friendly because it is much less progressive, and although I love prog, for first time listeners it can be tiring. <br />So in conclusion, this is a good album, go buy it. Stand-out tracks are &quot;The Outsider&quot; and &quot;Pet&quot;. The only song I don't like is &quot;Nurse Who Loved Me&quot;, but it doesn't detract from my overall experience.
B0001AP12G|5.0|When I heard Snoop Doggs &quot;Doggy Style&quot; I knew it would be a hit - in fact that thing hit for almost 3 years non-stop. When I heard 2-pac's &quot;All Eyez on me&quot; i knew that album was going to be the defining album for death row.Ever since Biggie and pac died, there has not been a solid rap album that has completely &quot;taken over&quot;.<br />Kanye West is gifted. In fact he is BETTER THAN SNOOP, 2-PAC, and I will go as far as ranking him with Biggie Smalls , if not better simply because of his message and his originality. He hardly sounds ghetto.He's clean, reasonable, and has gutz.Watch him.He's the sort of rapper that re-defines black music, just like Dre and his crew changed hip-hop to gangsta music. I also expect Kanye to reign for a while.
B00005JMFQ|3.0|This movie follows the romantic ups and downs of at least 8 different people.  It has many nice moments, but ultimately it suffers from trying to follow too many plot lines.  You only get brief glimspes into any one of these stories so that it is hard to get too emotionally invested in any one of them.  The film is packed with talented actors, but few of them get to really show off that talent because they have so little to work with. So while it was a nice movie, I felt at the end that it could have been so much better if it had been pared down to following about half of the characters, particularly Hugh Grant, Liam Neeson and his son, and Emma Thompson and Alan Rickman.  Still, I'd say this is worth a rental.
B000088E6P|4.0|This CD is worth the money if your into 50 cent. The explicit version is much better not because they say bad words in it but because they don't mess up the beat because of editing like in the clean version.The album is still one of my favorits and overall is very good except for the editing because it messes up the beat.If you have the choise, buy the explicit version.
0060989157|5.0|In my opinion, this is the most gut renching, unadulterated truth that I have ever read.  From laughing out loud, to being completely disgusted, the boys of Motley Crue cover all basis and pulled no stop when it came to this autobiography of their lives as they lived it.<br />They had drugs on tap, sex on tap, and a boat load of trouble that followed them everywhere they went.  The fact that some people dislike this book because of their \\"Hedonistic actions\\", they must realize that this IS life as it was and still is today.  I highly recommend that people read this book just so they can know what is out there and what really happened/happens in the world of rock as we know it.
B000267JQK|5.0|This cd is so awesome! If you're wanting to buy it but not sure go to [...] and clips of there music will automatically play! SEETHER IS THE GREATEST!!! The dvd they have is cool. They kinda sound like Nirvana. Check it out!!!
B0002234LS|4.0|I went into this film without high expectations due to awful reviews from friends (as I do not listen to papers or shows since they are usually wrong or exact opposite in catering my taste)...however I wound up having a fun ol' time with a terrific thriller with a sense of humor.  This movie maybe predictable and horrifically cheesy, but the fun is there.  No one else could have provided such a lead as Mr. Depp as he chooses his roles well and always manages to pull off his characters with an impecable charisma about him.  This dvd is also terrific as the &quot;Anamatics&quot; feature had my brother and I rolling as well...from the San Francisco Academy of Art-like commercial quality of poor computer animation at its best...WITH CORN!  Now how can you top that feature?!  This is an A+ pick if you are having a party with good friends and/or family.  It dispalys a creative side to it that will make you rethink what you predict and just how many events are twisted in this tale.
038073186X|4.0|I have just finished Shutter Island and as I sit and think about what I have just read, I am reminded of a thought I had when reviewing one of Jeffery Deaver's books - &quot;I would hate to have that man's nightmares.&quot;<br />I would like Lehaine's no less.<br />It is difficult to talk about the plot line of the book without telling you more than you need to know in order to appreciate the writing and the images and mirages that lay in wait for you.<br />It is a very dark tale, told by a master writer which will stay with you for some time. Lehaine takes the old saw of &quot;It was a dark and stormy night...&quot; to new heights or depths, depending on your point of view.
B00003CXCT|1.0|Special Edition... Ha give me the originals thankyou very much.<br />George Lucas forgot how to make movies... as seen by the new ones.
B000006TRV|5.0|Every so often a brilliant record will be recorded usually a combination of a perfect environment and talented artists converging...this pushes that beyond any feasible limit..the genius of this record will leave you speechless..pink's descent is even more brilliant than the other masterpiece that springs to mind..Nine Inch Nail's Downward Spiral...Multi Layered and as in depth as could be physically possible..emotion technical perfection..I'm running out of things to compliment this record with..its absolutely timeless and for anybody with a degree of intelligence enough to even begin to understand this piece of art, It will grow more brilliant and perplexing throughout each listen..so to say I'd recommend this to any true music lover..and I mean MUSIC lover hell ART lover..not just prog rock..this transcends genius..simply ungodly need I say more? And just for the record for the pitiful imbecilic fools mr vicious trying to lower it's star count..I..I find it hard to voice the words of contempt and disgust I feel for you..You must be very sad inferior unintelligent inconsequential insects to even let the thought of insulting this album pass through your britney spears comatosed mindset. Regardless this album is the benchmark buy It personally guarantee you will not be let down.
B00005JMJG|5.0|One word : Wow.  Jim Carrey outdid himself in this movie, and really showed off his great talent.  <br />This is one of the most original movies I've seen recently, along with big fish.  Basic plot goes like this: Boy meets girl, they fall in love.  Girl breaks up with boy, gets memory erased.  Boy gets mad, wants to erase his memory, then realizes he doesnt want to.  Sorta hard to explain interstingly without giving away a lot, you just need to see this.  Again, very original, great acting, over all great movie.<br />A+, definitely.
B0000C1733|3.0|I will admit I am not the biggest chili peppers fan my roommate at college let me copy this off him before I burned it I got rid of the aweful played out scar tissue I hate that song always have always will had it not been so played out I would have left it on anyway And I had to go a download Can't stop just so that I could feel like I had the true greastest hits. I will not understand what people saw in Scar tissue I like every other song on the CD and its become my most played disk so why three stars you ask? it loses a star for scar tissue and loses another one for not having Can't stop on it
B000059PPN|4.0|I picked up this little gem for about 5 bucks from a local used DVD shop. I would recommend this to fans of older horror movies. True, the dubbing does suck and the acting is questionable, but the last 15 minutes of this movie almost make up for it. Dr. Freudstein is truly one of the most twisted and interesting villians I've yet seen in a horror movie and its easy to see Rob Zombie's inspiration for his Dr. Death character in House of 1000 Corpses. Not to mention, there's a few scenes near the end that push the gore envelope to the max! Love the maggot-stew gushing out of Freudsteins wounds... Truly twisted!! They don't make gore effects like this anymore, i hate CGI gore!!
B00008EY9G|1.0|The same principle to this story was written by Stephen King in an earlier work of his entitled &quot;The Secret Window.&quot;  This story just has more &quot;personalities&quot; and more victims.  The writers should've come up with something out of their own minds, not out of the mind of one of our great literary achievers such as Stephen King...a disappointment to say the least.
B00004VVNB|5.0|Je trouve ce film formidable,la realisation des effecs speciaux est une merveille pour l'poque,mais je trouve cela domage de ne pas voir ce genre de film de nos jours,tropsouvent on fait appel aux ordinateur.p.s. si ces possible j'aimerait avoir plus de choix de film en version francaise,et que les details soi plus explicite pour les version francaise.je vous remercie ! a l'avance.
B00005NWM3|5.0|Commenter &quot;Weak and Weary&quot; obviously hasn't listened to ANY music if he thinks Nickelback is a boring &quot;verse, chorus, verse&quot; band.  Ever hear the Beatles???  What about Nirvana?!  What about ANY band you hear?! I'm not saying they're boring, I'm saying they all use the verse-chorus-verse style.  And geez, are THEY boring??  No.  The Beatles will be remembered forever as one of the greatest bands of all time.  As will Nirvana.  If nothing else, Nickelback will be known for the most played song (&quot;How You Remind Me&quot;) of, I believe, 2002. :)
B00005JMJ4|5.0|This is one of the best movies I've seen in the past few years. Sophia Coppola is a genius. She was robbed at the Oscars. &quot;The Oscar goes to... a movie about flying monkees. &quot;
B0000AGWJ7|5.0|I have faithfully been an A7X fan for the past few years, and all i have to say is wow.with matt shadows' amazing vocals, ranging from screaming, to growls, to one of the most beautiful melodic voices around, on top of the amazing guitar work(check out chapter 4,and all thing will end,second heartbeat), and some of the sickest drumming around. these guys are definitely NOT to be reckoned with. once you hear the intro(waking the fallen) and how it leads in to the awesome guitar riff at the beginning of unholy confessions, you will be blown away and most likely bust out with some spontaneous headbanging where ever you are. These guys also aren't just one of those bands who kick ass only on their CD. I saw these guys live a few months back and it is DEFINITELY not something to be missed.they have amazing energy and are poised to become the next legends. don't even try to put a single genre on these guys because, well, you can't. they blend everything from pantera and guns and roses type riffs, to iron maiden and metallica type vocals, all blended in with the wonderful thing called metalcore.anything you've ever heard about them before, they're better.just check em out.i've never met someone who has been dissapointed.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|Well I have listened to this album many times and all I could say is &quot;WOW&quot;.  It is one of the best Prog-Metal albums ever and also one of the heaviest.  I saw DT on the Train of Thought tour and all the songs are great live.  As I Am is awesome as well as In the Name of God.  Great solos, Great songs.  DT is the best!!!!!!
B00012QM8G|4.0|I Suggest offering this movie for free for the people of Israel. May be someone there can get ashamed from himself and try to do what Oskar Schindler did for their ancestors to the besieged Palestinians under their brutal occupation and horrible \\"new\\" fence.
B0001L3LUE|5.0|The \\"Fog of War\\" DVD, coupled with an online \\"Teacher's Guide\\" and other online resources provides an exciting, signficant, and unique learning and teaching environment suitable for anyone interested in understanding how the U.S. can win or lose in current and future conflicts.  I have found these resources compelling and useful in teaching an undergraduate course in Grand Strategy to future U.S. leaders.     Harvard Professor, Industrial Chief Executive Officer, Secretary of Defense to President's Kennedy and Johnson, Robert McNamara personally guides us with a detailed and extremely well-documented look into many of the strategic decisions and personalities of the 20th century: from the systematic fire bombing of  Japanese civilians during World War II by U.S. Air Force General Curtis Lemay; to decision-making by U.S. President Kennedy, Cuba's Fidel Castro, and the Soviet Union's Chairman Nikita Khrushchev during Cuban Missile Crisis that could have led to the world's first exchange of nuclear weapons;  to the strategic failures by the U.S. in the planning and execution of the Vietnam War.
B00005JKJA|2.0|Just consider this movie without its lesbian hazy shadow and without the stunning offensive few shots of the amazingly sexy Laura Harring: the movie is not worth watching at all. It is nothing like Blue Velvet, Leaving Las Vegas or Pulp Fiction (real Noir and Mayhem).<br />I strongly believe it is only these shots of naked extreme beauty calling for weird sex that entice the viewer to see the movie repeatedly. You may notice from the reviewers that everybody saw it more than once.
B00005O3VC|5.0|Being one of those sick little children that think of Monty Python as a religious experience, I'd say that this is, undoubtedly, the magnum opus of the most genius comedy troop to ever come out of England (or anywhere else for that matter). I find that the funniest films are not necessarily the ones that make you laugh the most, but rather the ones that make you recite all the great lines for days, weeks, months, even years on end. &quot;Holy Grail&quot; is one of the prime cinematic examples of my theory (alongside &quot;Caddyshack&quot; and every Mel Brooks movie ever made). Acting as a comedy in an epic's clothing, &quot;Holy Grail&quot; follows the quest of King Arthur and his brave knights on their quest to reclaim the elusive and shiny Holy Grail. As they set out, they encounter the entire alumni of the Weird Movie Characters Hall of Fame. From rude Frenchman to economic savvy peasants to paraplegic Black Nights. These are the real heroes of the film, considering that they are the ones that make us laugh the most. But what is it, truly, that makes this the single funniest film ever made? The one-liners, the best in any movie ever made (second only perhaps to &quot;Fletch&quot;). You know them all, so I don't even have to say them, and if you don't, well, then go see the movie. But before you do, I must warn you, that's no ordinary rabbit.
B000067J1H|4.0|Fight Club is certainly not a monumental film, but it struck a chord about the modern condition.  The comedy is of the blackest variety and you will have to suspend any squeamish-ness you may feel toward very violent films to reap enjoyment out of it.  But all the roles are skillfully played, especially by Brad Pitt's Tyler Durden, and underlying the banality of blood and mayhem is a message...a message that perhaps life doesn't have to control us...life can be what you make it...just be carefully you do so thoughtful with positive human regard and a degree of clarity.  Attempting to control life can get out of hand.<br />Chuck Palahnuik's novel comes to life in the adept hands of director David Fincher (of Seven fame).  It is no surprise that the scenes are slickly cool, the violence is of the &quot;in your face&quot; variety, and we are entertained despite our misgivings. The movie has some real &quot;Momento&quot; moments, so I won't try to delve into the story-line to risk giving any of those away.  A truly fetching role is turned in by Helena Bonham Carter as Marla Singer a chain smoking barely hanging on to life love interest of Edward Norton's.  Their chemistry and interplay is terrifically authentic and dead-on funny.  Brad Pitt take the show though as Tyler Durden, an ultra-confident hipster that makes soap.  The lines he and Norton toss back and forth are classics to be remembered and quoted in bars, around water coolers, at support groups.<br />&quot;Fight Club&quot; is an experience you owe yourself, if not for anything more than to ponder the state of society and what is truly important.  I think if you see the movie out to the end and get past the violence, you may find this message though-provoking.  You just may find yourself laughing along the way.<br />--MMW
B0000640SA|4.0|I thought this was an excellent film. The script was absolutely original and really kept you guessing until the very end. I give it four stars but I found one problem that really blows the whole concept. If he can't remember anything that happened after the attack how does he know anything about his illness. He seems to wake up fine and know that he has this problem of no short-term memory. It doesn't seem like he should be able to remember that. I may be being a little picky but it does seem crucial the plot.
B0001ZX0OW|4.0|The strength in this movie lies in the acting.  It is too rare that a cast like this is collected in one movie and a director of the caliber of Clint Eastwood solicits powerful gripping and believable performances out of each of them.  This movie may have suffered from comparison on the rating scale in that I watched it back-to-back with &quot;In America,&quot; and it did measure up to a greatest top ten list movie deserving of five stars.  &quot;In America,&quot; did.<br />&quot;Mystic River,&quot; is set in blue collar working class Boston suburbs and Sean Penn, Kevin Bacon, and Tim Robbins bring off the local accent and sense of place and attitude beautifully.  Two pivotal tragedies, one that happened in the past and one in the present.  In boyhood the three main characters were involved in a common event in which Robbins character was abducted.  In their adult lives, tragedy befalls Sean Penn's family and the chain of events spirals out of control locking each character into a Shakespearean tragedy that seems to be out of all of their control.  Sean Penn's acting is gritty and the emotional seething and need for vengeance weigh upon his character heavy.  See Mystic River for no other reason than to take in Penn's performance.<br />There are better movies out there but you won't be disappointed by taking a swim in Eastwood's river.<br />--MMW
B0000DJZA5|5.0|LET IT BE...NAKED is LET IT BE as it was originally recorded- without the overdubs done by Phil Spector for the album as it was released in 1970. Without all of the orchestral garbage, the ballads &quot;Let It Be&quot; and &quot;The Long And Winding Road&quot; express even better why I've put my weight-loss goals as a higher priority than going back for special meals at my old school. You should get this album to replace your old copy of LET IT BE. You'll be glad you did.
B00005B6C9|5.0|For all of the long time Bee Gees fans who did not like this album, Tough.  They had to change with the times, and I think that this album rocks.  I have listened to it at least one hundred times, I am not kidding, it was mistakenly the only music I took on a trip to colorado, boy was that a long drive!  Anyway, I ended up Really liking this album after that trip, although I must admit that I don't listen to it all that much anymore.  Can you really blame me???  Anyway, the title track is the real attention getter, but the song that really does it for me is Man in the Middle.  Wow, if there is a song that describes me, that is the one.  I admit, some of the love songs are a bit sappy, but hey, they are LOVE SONGS and they are Supposed to be sappy!  Technicolor dreams is an awesome song, and so is voice in the wilderness.  This is not your typical Bee Gees album.  I own their Greatest Hits collection too, and it is great.  But, the music has to change with the times, and I think tha they did a fantastic job.  By the way, did I mention that Man in the Middle is an Awesome Song?
B000050X31|5.0|The music is wonderful and played wonderfully - hats off to Levine. The sets are very pretty and the entire cast sings beautifully. There are lots of laughs and plenty of tear-jerking scenes. I have lots of opera DVDs but this is one I watch over and over. When it wears down, I'll buy another one. PS: I agree with the neo-nazi: Pamina is supposed to be white and should not have been played by Battle (although her singing is top-notch). Buy this DVD - you won't be disappointed!
B00003CXCT|3.0|This is a pretty good Saturday Matinee \\"creature feature.\\"  You'll find all of the usual stuff: guys in rubber masks, puppets, claymation, horrible dialogue poorly acted... If it were food, it would be Hostess Cupcakes.  Appealing to the least refined aspect of one's apetites.  And that's OK!  I like Hostes Cupcakes.  Not every movie can be intellectually stimulating, nor should they all be.  Mindless diversion is fun.  This Buck-Rogers-Based space movie is full of ray guns, space battles, magic powers, and the usual assortment of elves, faries, nymphs, robots, and other dungeons-and-dragons stuff.  It's like a video game come to life.  Fun!
B00006DEFA|5.0|I own both the original theatrical release and the director's cut of Amadeus. If you already own the original release and are wondering if it's worth the extra money to buy the director's cut, this review may be helpful.<br />In a word, YES - get this version even if you already own the original release (assuming you loved \\"Amadeus\\" to begin with). <br />The biggest difference in the director's cut is the scene where Constanza goes to Salieri with Mozart's work so he can be considered for the \\"royal appointment\\". In the director's cut, Salieri assures Constanza that if she returns that night to have sex with him, the job will be given to Mozart. Constanza returns, strips, and Salieri has her thrown out. At the end of the movie, when she sees Salieri with Mozart, her hatred of Salieri is much more understandable.<br />Also, in this version, we see Salieri tell the emperor that Mozart molests young girls... no wonder Mozart can't get any pupils! None of this is in the original release. Also missing from the original release is the \\"dog\\" scene - very funny - and a scene in which a drunk mozart goes back to a former employer ask for money. In short, there are planty of additional and extended scenes, **ALL** of which add to the film in some way. The making-of-Amadeus documentary is also worth watching.<br />Buy this DVD. You won't be disappointed. Another recommendation I have is to buy the Levine/Batte/Serra version of \\"The Magic Flute\\" on DVD. I'm not the biggest opera fan but this one is beautiful, funny, and thoroughly entertaining.
B000003TAW|5.0|this is one of the best albums ever created. my name is jonas has to be one of the top 10 best songs in modern rock, maybe ever.
6303477259|5.0|This video is the epitome of concerts. The guitar work is excellent, the bassist, Guy Pratt, add hilarity to the show, and the drumming by Nick Mason and gary Wallis is superb. But on to the show!<br /> The show opens with a medly of Shine On You Crazy Diamond(I-IV)/Shine On.. (V-IX)/Learning to Fly. After this spectacular opening has finished, Gilmour welcomes the fans and immediatly begins the awesome High Hopes, complete with a crazy video presentation that will make you wonder what he was on when creating it. After this is a medly of Take it Back/Coming Back to Life. This is awesome and needs not to be described, but seen! After this is Sorrow, a mammoth song with an awesome guitar solo at the start(The effects during this are wild!). Following this, they do Keep Talking, where theegyptian writing streaming across the stage, complete with lasers, adds to the already great song. They then follow with the only low point of the show; a medly of Anoter Brick in the Wall pt. 1/pt. 2. This starts out promising, but then the vocals come in. Pratt and Gilmour are not suited to this song, as you will see. However, the other guitarist, Tim Renwick, saves the day with an awesome solo following Gilmour's. Now, the next song is One of These Days, which to this day is one of the coolest things I've ever seen. You must see this to believe it.<br />On to the second set. Here the band does a perforanc of the entire Dark Side of the Moon album, with On the Run, Time, Us and Them, and Brain Damage/Eclipse being total highlights. Sadly, Money is drawn-out and the solo isn't done as well as before. After this, Gilmour thanks the fans and the band walks off. The encore begins with Wish You Were here, where most of the audience is holding out lighters. After this is the best performance, Comfortably Numb. Gilmour goe son this solo for roughly 5 mintues, and all of it is wild. To end the show, they chose Run Like Hell. This may seem odd, but when you see it, you'll know why. <br /> Inshort, buy this VHS. Also, if it ever comes out on DVD, which it should, buy that too. Cheers!
B000002HH9|5.0|None of you have made me very happy. The point is, just because some of the songs aren't to your taste, it doesn't mean it's a bad album. It just means some of the songs aren't to your taste. I simply refuse to believe anything Robert Smith has ever done is anything less than impossible to match. I admit, I can't even remember at the moment what Club America or Return sounds like as I skip them (because they aren't too my taste), but sometimes I read the lyrics and I know they're still great (oh my! Something I don't like can actually be good? What a foreign concept!). Everyone should try it, just read the lyrics by themselves then stare for hours and hours at Want and cry.
B00005OMTT|5.0|I;ll be quick to the point here...this is a great CD to have great S&amp;X to.  Get it, and use it.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|I hear people tell me all the time how they think Avril's a poser and her music sucks.  But hey people lets be real, what she sings about is true and meaning full.  She's also not a poser either, she does her own thing, she's creative.  Just because she doesn't wear low riding jeans or low cut shirts doesn't mean her music isn't as good as Britney Spears (who everbody in the world loves)  Britneys old news, we need something new and Avril's got it!!! By the way go out and buy her 2 cd Under my skin.  It's really good and maybe you'll give her a second chance after all she is only trying to  entertain you anyways!
B0001KL5DA|5.0|definately one of the best tv shows of all time.<BR>as with all HBO dvds, the price is steep but its well worth it.<br />(p.s. as for Jen Smith's comment on it being full-screen..it was shot in fullscreen for the first two seasons, so theres nothing much HBO can do about that. they moved to widescreen for the third and fourth seasons, so calm down.)
B00006690G|5.0|it pains me 2 see people give this cd bad reviews. eminem is 1 of the best rappers out there and this is more of an emoational cd for him here are the list of songs and my rating for them.<br />1. skit: curtains up. 1/5<BR>kind of a stupid way 2 open up but ok<br />2. White America 4/5<BR>great song where eminem talks about people who feel the same way as him<br />3. Buiness 4/5 <BR>good song em and dre do a kind of a batman and robin thing in the start. good song with a good beat<br />4. Cleaning out my closet 3/5<BR>an ok song where em talks bout his mom. beat is ok but a little slow<br />5. square dance 3/5<BR>strange song, but a good beat and a little funny<br />6. skit: the kiss<BR>tells bout his wife kissing a bouncer and leading up to the next song<br />7. soldier 5/5<BR>GREAT SONG! fast beat, good lyrics and a little comedic at some points<br />8. say goodby 2 hollywood 2/5<BR>not the best song he ever made but ok lyrics<br />9 drips 5/5<BR>dont know y he kalled it that but o well. good song obie and em funny on ems part. they rap bout eminems fake girlfriend cheating on him with obie. and obie trice goes into detail bout what he and the &quot;girlfriend&quot; did<br />10 without me 5/5 <BR>great song!! very fast but funny, catchy lyrics, great beat, and very funny. u kould listen 2 it all day long<br />11. skit: Paul Rosenberg<BR>ems lawyer telling him not 2 kary a gun around<br />12. sing for the moumnt 3/5<BR>iffy song but good if ur in a bad mood. kinda slow but lyrics are good<br />13. superman 5/5<BR>good song good beat, a little slow but not country slow. where em talks bout his wife and hos<br />14. skit: Steve Berman 2/5<BR>i gave this 1 a rating kause it is kinda funny. it is the head of interscope telling em what he thinks of the album with aint nothing but music playing in the back round<br />15. till the music stops 5/5<BR>d12 makes a guest apperance on this song. great song fast, good lyrics, and a good end<br />16. say what you say 3/5<BR>em and dre rapen bout another rapper but i kant rember his name, but all in all a good song. the only problem is the beat. it is ok but not the best<br />17. till i colaps 4/5<BR>a great song with a great beat, but not the best. he talks bout that he'll never leave the rap game till he colapes<br />18 dads gone crazy 5/5<BR>1 OF THE BEST SONGS HE HAS EVER MADE!! this song has got it all, increadable beat, great speed, witty lyrics, and very humrous. what more kan i say? this song is the bomb!!<br />19. skit: curtains close<BR> ken is back doing an empresion of without me. and is funny my band takes a line from it.<BR>this cd is defintly worth the money i would advise u 2 buy it
1577311523|5.0|To the reader from England: You need to grow up yourself. Arrogance and lack of compassion are simply signs of childishness. None of the spiritual Masters - Eckart Tolle included - promised freedom from depression or suffering. To the contrary, suffering plants the seeds of wisdom and learning. Depression and suffering of an inner kind is a different matter, however. They are states of spirit, which granted flourish over time. If that's what you meant then apologies due. The point is that to practice the Power of Now is to be in a state of peace regardless of our stage of progression.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|If you are a Dream Theater fan, the live Train of Thought tour should be all you need to know this album is one of the bands best.
B000089RVX|5.0|I surprised myself by buying this album--I am a die-hard classic rock fan who rarely listens to anything made after the 1970s (even though I wasn't born then). Evanescence is not the sort of band I normally listen to, but I have to tell you that I couldn't be without this CD. Amy Lee's vocal talent is obviously the first thing to mention--Lee's incredibly captivating, powerful voice is at once a contrast and an accompaniment to the surprisingly polished, heavy guitar riffs of Ben Moody and the instrumental work of the rest of the band. The lyrics are dark but addicting, and I often find myself unable to get any number of the album's tracks out of my head. I love every song on this album, but &quot;Going Under&quot; &quot;Everybody's Fool&quot; &quot;Haunted&quot; and &quot;Tourniquet&quot; are my favorites. Even if you're not a fan of this genre, give this album a shot--it'll surprise you and leave you eager for more from this band from Arkansas.
B00005JKDR|5.0|Simply the best movie out there-- For kids and adults!
1594200106|5.0|This is a well written novel. Zafon nicely transforms an apparent mystery into a story of love and loss of love.
0446310786|5.0|I read this book shortly after it was was first published. I was a teenager and liked it well enough, but it made no great impression upon me. I was more moved by the film it inspired. Thirty years later I reread the book and was amazed at how much I missed, what a wonderfully subtle, understated, humorous, and hardbreakingly humane book this is! Even more astonishing to me was my retrospective realization that this book was decades ahead of its time. Its treatments of class, race, gender, sexual abuse of children, and religious hypocrisy embody a level of sophistication that, I suspect, those who lionized the book upon its publication did not fully understand. The film based upon the novel, for all its merit, fails in many respects to take seriously Lee's incisive treatment of these subjects -- indeed, it trivialized much of it. Harper Lee writes like a dream. She wastes almost no effort. Her desciptions of the town of Maycomb, Alabama (the fictitious location of the novel's plots and subplots), its folk and folklore are always engaging and well constructed. More important, they lay bare the hidden, ugly realities of history and class-structure that shape the life of the town. Like Mark Twain at his best, Harper Lee refuses to let her painful recognition of human ugliness in all its forms turn into bitterness. It is always tempered by her humor and humanity. True, she refuses to accept injustice and cruelty, especially those codified into the fabric of social life. Still, the wonder of this novel is the even more important refusal it embodies: the refusal to hate those whose blindness contributes to and perpetuates those forms of injustice and cruelty. Lee's decision to employ the innocent perspective of a bright, fiesty, motherless young girl helps to keep the novel's tone from being strident and accusatory. The author, in her wisdom, prefers to gently awaken her reader to a deeper appreciation of the difficulties and importance of acting decently in an imperfectworld.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|Sadly I must take the side of the viewing camp that found itself crossing its eyes in boredom. I respect the cinematography in this film, but that plot is the most uninteresting, hole-filled, monotonous piece of garbage I've seen since &quot;The Recruit.&quot; But at least that had a cohesive story development.<BR>The idea of two self-loathing folks in need of companionship is not only formulaic, but bland. Had Sofia Coppola (who is also a terrible actress) chosen to pursue some sort of rebellious act of defiance between these two schmoes, other than that wimpy kiss at the end, my interest may have been held. But instead, these two whiners chose to get wasted in the city, party with some yuppees, and then decide they'll never see each other again. Wow. What a terrific ending. That means there was a point to there time together, right? No. A terrific way to waste an evening.
B000003TAR|5.0|What makes this album so great is the band's ability to convey emotion behind simple melodies and what some might call shoddy guitar work. Despite the fact that Kurt can't play like Jimi Hendrix his lyrical abilities are second only to Lennon/McCartney and Grohl can bash a drum as well as Jon Bonham with just as much fury. Krist Novoselic's bass is competent and ties the package together nicely and shows the bands parts adding much more to the whole. <br />This isn't watered down like Nevermind so newer fans might not take to the harsh sound and Cobain's gruff, growling vocals. The album altogether deals with disillusionment moving further away from the angst of earlier works. Disillusionment with family, disillusionment with fans and critics, and disillusionment with life. This is the final work of a man who was at the end of his rope and his back to the wall. <br />People new to Nirvana should check out Nevermind, for those of you who want an album's worth of the disenfranchised voice of a generation and the best piece of work of the 90's this is for you.<br />R.I.P Kurt Cobain
B000035P7X|5.0|It would be impossible for me to say all I wanted about Bob Dylan in a short review, so I will just say I'm a huge fan. Don't Look Back is a classic, a must-have for Dylan fans. This fly-on-the-wall film shows Bob at just 24, ready to turn the music world on its head by &quot;going electric.&quot; Dylan is shown doing what he does best (besides writing songs): toying with reporters and would-be interviewers like a cat would toy with a mouse. There is the infamous run-in with the Science Student (my favorite part of the film). Dylan turns every question the poor kid asks around and fires them right back with honed precision, leaving the young Englishman confused and babbling. There is the hilarious part at the end of the film where Dylan insists &quot;I am just as good a singer as Caruso. Have you ever heard me sing? You have to listen closely, but I hit all those notes. And I can hold my breath three times as long, if I wanted to.&quot; Dylan is poking fun at himself, but the befuddled reporter doesn't get it. And then there are the intimate, silent shots of Bob on a train, removing his trademark sunglasses and revealing visible exhaustion, reminding those watching of the enormous pressures being placed upon him. Add all this to the concert footage and the classic opening to the film, in which a deadpan-looking Bob is filmed holding cue cards with lyrics to &quot;Subterranean Homesick Blues&quot; printed on them, and you've got a wonderfully entertaining look at one of the world's greatest artists. Included are supporting players like Joan Baez (slightly obnoxious in this film), Donovan, and Bob's manager, Albert Grossman. All Dylan fans, and fans of rock-oriented films, should see Don't Look Back. You won't regret it.
B000024D4R|5.0|I got the album when I was just a young teen and was not able to appreciate the beauty and artistry of the music until a few years later.  The lyrics have a deep, thoughtful meaning behind them while the music is able to let you drift off, in classic Pink Floyd fashion.  The guitar playing alone proves why David Gilmour is one of rocks most underrated guitarist, even though he is often listed in the top 20's.  <br />This album, along with the other, more well-known albums help solidfy Pink Floyds spot in rock and roll history as no group has yet been able to match the style and beauty of their music.
1577311523|2.0|Writing a review on this thread is like jumping into an exclusive club. Each review seems to get bombarded with about 20 ?yes? or ?no?s? within a matter of days, depending on whether it antagonises Tolle?s loyal fans. I've never seen a thread like it. <br />So why is this book so popular? It?s bog-standard guru-stuff spouting old-hat wisdom. It conveys an idealistic perception of life, in that it promises liberation from suffering and depression, as long as we practice Tolle?s methods, but ignores the fact that suffering and depression are part of life?s pageant ? even for the enlightened few, and even for those who practice Tolle?s methods. After reading this book, it will only be a matter of time before we start experiencing that which is part of the human condition ? times of suffering and depression, and times of joy and love - just like before we picked the book up. The only way to become free from suffering and depression is to live lots and lots of lives, and unfold spiritually into a ?God-Man?, who knows and embodies the Truth. This cannot be attained by picking up a book and following its instructions, as Tolle?s work here implies. It can only be attained after eons of spiritual growth and experience, which, for most of us, will be some time in the future.<br />I don?t like Tolle?s style. It?s like ?clean cut? textbook stuff, which doesn?t quite square with the human experience. I know this: This book adds to our stock of wisdom, by opening our eyes to another man?s view, (which happens to be at least aligned with the whole Truth), and which in turn can quicken our rate of spiritual growth. Hence, 2 stars for young Tolle and his junior-school textbook.<br />I wonder if I can notch up 30 ?no?s??
0618526412|3.0|I bought this book because it was part of Oprah's Book Club.  This is the first one I've read since she changed her selections to classics. I saw her promoting the book after everyone was already finished reading it.  She spoke mostly about the mute character in the book and had Marlee Matlin on her show to speak about being deaf.  What surprised me was that Oprah did not speak about the racial aspect of the story, which I found to be far more interesting than that of the deaf character. <br />I do feel that Carson McCullers put all of her eggs in one basket and it may have been more suitable to have two separate books.  One dealing with life as a deaf man, and the other dealing with race in the South.  She obviously had great knowledge on both topics, but reading about them in the same book took something away from the whole context of the story.   <br />As far as character development is concerned, I really only enjoyed reading one of the five characters that were followed.  She made the men almost indestructible at times, and so grounded in their beliefs that to sympathize with any of them was difficult.  Even when the worst of situations befell them, I really couldn't have cared less.<br />I was drawn into the book because of the character of Mick Kelly.  Mick was a feisty teenager on the outside, but terribly lost on the inside.  She was the only character I related to, and the only one that I felt was the most rounded.  <br />I assume this book is considered a classic and is required reading in schools, because of the racial tones to the book. While it does give a glimpse into the world of the 1930's racially divided South, I think there are other books that document it much better.
0140177396|5.0|I first read this book when I was in seventh grade. It was a captivating world, and story. The characters were so full that they seemed to burst at the seams. This book conveys the deeper aspects of life through a simple and beautiful story. It touched me as a young adult, and helped me blossom through the years of pain. It is a book about the roots and fabric of life, that binds humanity together. THIS IS A MUST READ. authors that are able to get to the source of life are the strongest with their message, read steinbeck's novel and you will understand what I'm saying.
B000002H2H|5.0|If you listened to Kill 'em All and then popped in Ride the Lightning, you could easily be convinced that it was two different bands. Aside from the kiss-our-ass mentality of both albums, they are totally different, from Hetfield's voice to Lars' drumming to the song content, going from a leather and metal theme to introspective, well-thought lyrics.<br />As soon as you hear the very pretty little acoustic opening of &quot;Fight Fire With Fire&quot; fade into rumbling distortion, you know this is gonna be heavy. The pounding begins and doesn't let up.<BR>The title track &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot; is epic and amazing. The solos on this are some of the finest ever caught on tape as Kirk Hammett just kills.<BR>&quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; has a signature Cliff Burton bass solo early in it that I can remember wondering if it was bass or guitar...he had such a distored sound that it was almost hard to believe it was a 4-stringer. A great song.<BR>&quot;Fade to Black&quot; is a classic, a beautifully sad thing, beginning with another lovely acoustic intro (another example of these guys being anything but one dimensional) and ending with driving harmonies over Lars' thudding double kick. It was their first and best &quot;ballad.&quot; The lyrics, dealing with suicide as the last and all-too-final answer, were slammed repeatedly for being pro-suicide, which wasn't the message at all. I always interpreted them as the opposite, a story of how suicide solves nothing.<BR>&quot;Trapped Under Ice&quot; is another all-out blast of thrash, with jackhammering drums and more great guitar solos. I still feel worn out after listening to this song, nearly 16 years after the first time I heard it.<BR>&quot;Escape&quot; is a hidden gem on the album, never mentioned in the long lists of Metallica's classics. It's a mid-tempo tune about coming to grips with feeling alone and isolated, and actually embracing it and rising above in spite of it. (Ah, youthful idealism...wherefore art thou nowadays?) An amazing song that's only slightly less amazing than the other amazing songs on this amazing album.<BR>&quot;Creeping Death&quot; is another epic, and will always be remembered by me as the song that made a full arena chant &quot;DIE! DIE! DIE!&quot; for what must have been a full two minutes (University of New Orleans Lakefront Arena, January 16, 1989). An excellent song about biblical plague-type issues.<BR>&quot;The Call of Ktulu&quot; is an amazing instrumental that featured each member's ability to create with their instruments (the Dave Mustaine influence is in here too...tell me the beginning doesn't make you think of &quot;Good Mourning&quot; off of Megadeth's Peace Sells...). It's a good way to end the experience of listening to Ride the Lightning.<br />My friends and I still, to this day, debate over which is the best Metallica album, and it always comes down to either Ride the Lightning or Master of Puppets. I agonize over this each and every time it's brought up. I think that if &quot;Fade to Black&quot; had been on Master of Puppets, then it would definitely be that album...there wouldn't be much agonizing. But, as it stands, it's a draw between the two (I know what you're thinking...&quot;How can you talk about Metallica's best albums and not mention Load?&quot; hehe, yeah right).<br />Any early thrash metal fan worth his/her salt knows this album start to finish. If you think Metallica is defined by their tired, jaded, and poor albums &quot;Load&quot; and &quot;S &amp; M&quot; and &quot;St. Anger,&quot; then you are certainly misguided and need some edification.<br />Start with Ride the Lightning.
B0000024JN|4.0|People like to complain about this album: it's stupid, it's immature, it's sexist, blah, blah, blah. Well of course it is. It's supposed to be. And it succeeds spectacularly! Have a sense of humor people. Okay, on to the album itself: a fantastic blend of rock and rap (Thank you Rick Rubin, for such a concept!), with the perfect trio of smart ass punks, ya know the ones who came close to getting beat up everday at school but managed to smooth talk themselves out of harm's way? These are the guys. The rhymes are silly, but for the love of all that is good and holy, who can stand another thug reppin' his hood (when you know he grew up in the 'burbs of Jersey), talkin' 'bout his ho's and his ice without the slightest trace of irony? Rap is not known for its sense of humor. Licensed to Ill rescues it from drowning in it's own sense of self-importance and then manages to sneak a few sucker punches in on it's own. Great album, great rhymes, great beats. Long live Paul Revere!
B000060MWU|5.0|This movie left me bedazzeled for a week. After I watched it I was still trying to solve it,once i did figure it out, {i'm no dummy}, my senses were delighted
B000002TPS|3.0|Reckoning Day 2/5<BR>This song is based on a killer riff played during each verse in the usual 'verse chorus verse chorus' song structure. The lyric is about hate and revenge and based around emotions. I don't find the lyrics very deep or clever and it kind of ruins an otherwise good track.<BR>Train Of Consequences 3/5<BR>Fast paced song based around a clever riff. Catchy chorus and harmonica at the end. Lyrics are nothing special.<BR>Addicted To Chaos 4/5<BR>Mid-tempo melodic song with multilayered vocals at ending part. Emotional lyrics that are clever this time. Includes a guitar solo which is nothing to mention really. <BR>A Tout Le Monde 4/5<BR>Melodic ballad that is part in French. Powerful and emotional.<BR>Elysian Fields 5/5<BR>Epic song with religous context. Guitar melody works particularly good with chorus. Multilayered vocals at encore.<BR>The Killing Road 5/5<BR>Song based on the constant roadtrips of musicians on tour. Clever lyrics in verses and a chorus that's really annoying at first but once you accept it after a few listens it makes the song even better. Killer solo at end.<BR>Blood Of Heroes 2/5<BR>Weak song about superheroes.<BR>Family Tree 4/5<BR>Emotional ballad about family trauma. Intricate melody and clever lyrics.<BR>Youthanasia 2/5<BR>Song about todays youth. Weak vocal performance and slow paced tempo. Tvisted chorus saves the song.  <BR>I Thought I Knew It All 1/5<BR>Song about life experience. Megadeth pop, doesn't work.<BR>Black Curtains 2/5<BR>Heaviest song on the record. It's about death and darkness. Nothing special.<BR>Victory 4/5<BR>Self-reflecting song on their career so far. Lyrics is a play on words with the titles of previous songs linked together. Fast paced tempo and strong vocal melody. Second part of song is filled with killer solo exchanges between the guitarists.
B00005UW7G|4.0|Having seen this film years and years ago in the cinema at least twice, I jumped at the chance to get it on DVD when I saw that it was released.<br />I wasn't disappointed - if you can abstract from, say, Dame Kiri te Kanawa, walking around in a corn field singing in Dolby stereo, you are in for a rare treat !<br />Aaaah, the settings, the costumes, the singers, the time details are just fantastic ! Especially Dame Kiri is at the height at her vocal powers and possesses enough dramatic flair to act as well as sing but the show stopper MUST be Kenneth Riegel, singing his heart out in &quot;Il Mio Tesoro&quot; - I have rarely heard a more heart-felt and passionate rendition of the aria !<br />This film would definitely get 5 stars if it hadn't been for the poor sound transfer !  On the back it is marked &quot;digitally mastered audio&quot; and &quot;Dolby Surround&quot; - full of anticipation I switched on my dolby surround system only having to switch it off again and go for &quot;normal stereo&quot;. Sometimes during the film it sounded as if the singers were singing inside a tin can so I have to deduct a start for bad sound remastering - otherwise maybe the BEST opera adaptation for the screen EVER !
B000002H97|4.0|I'll try to refrain from my years-old rant about Metallica's re-invention (I'd hardly call it evolution) and how this is only a hint of the contrived future attempt at using their \\"cool\\" status as a record-sales tool (see Load). I swear, I'll try.<br />This album was hard on me. I was so amazingly jazzed and high on what Metallica had been doing since I started listening to them 4 years earlier, and was waiting eagerly at the record store on August 12, 1991. I grabbed my cassette copy of the black album, ran to my car and cranked it up. And I loved it.<br />That was the first several listens. After a while, I realized, with horror, that this was the first time the words \\"Metallica song\\" and \\"boring\\" showed up in the same sentence.<br />Not all of the songs, mind you. I love \\"The Unforgiven,\\" \\"My Friend of Misery,\\" \\"Wherever I May Roam\\" \\"Holier Than Thou,\\" and \\"The God That Failed.\\" I think they're good songs that still carried a bit of the Metallica intensity and attitude.<br />But the rest of the album is, frankly, a little uninspiring. I hear songs like \\"The Struggle Within,\\" and \\"Through the Never,\\" and \\"Don't Tread On Me\\" (which sounded so phony and jingoistic, especially after the scathing, screw-authority theme of ...And Justice for All) and it just sounds like filler to me. They could have dropped those songs and put out a much less diluted album.<br />That being said, the musicianship is still there...it is Metallica, after all. They didn't attempt to shove a dozen tempo shifts in each song, and there are no epic instrumentals, but Kirk had some nice solos. They all but abandoned the double kick drum here, with Lars' drumming indistinguishable from what most rock drummers were doing. Hetfield's vocals were a little scary at first, after growing used to him barking, but they grew on me and were nice enough.<br />Overall, it's just a watered down version of the Metallica that set out for world domination in the 80s. Nothing that's gonna change the world, but adecent collection of songs that will always leave fans of the early stuff reaching for Master of Puppets or Ride the Lightning.<br />And, hey, I guess they can't be blamed for wanting to sell a few (more) records, right?
B000002TP7|5.0|Again, the Beastie Boys are phenomenal. Continuing with the &quot;yes we play our own instruments and we're pretty damn good at it too&quot; trend that Check Your Head introduced, the Beasties tear it up on Ill Communication. (Not to mention make the best video second to Thriller with their single Sabotage) I can see why the Beasties don't have incredible radio airplay success, their style is too diverse, not only within an album, but within one song. However, this diversity is never confusing or unsure, even when it is within an individual song. The only thing that is confusing is how they come up with their sounds and ideas. No, not confusing. Just incredible. Anyways, I love Sure Shot, Sabotage, Root Down, and the interesting Bodhisavatta Vow. (MCA continues his spiritual growth and implements it in the Beastie's sound without sounding pretentious or snide, a difficult feature.) So there it is. Buy the friggin' album already!
B000002JS6|5.0|AC/DC has been a totally awesome band since the beginning.  But when Bon Scott died, they thought they couldn't find anyone with the same talent as him.  But, in 1979, along comes Brian Johnson and all that changed.  Not only did they get the right kind of voice, he also helped towards righting music.  Then in 1980, one of the greatest albums ever emerged from AC/DC, Back in Black.  With hits such as Back in Black, You Shook Me All Night Long, and Hells Bells.  It had a good share of backup songs also like Shoot to Thrill and Rock and Roll Ain't Noise Pollution. This album defines AC/DC and their music, making it a must-own for a great collection of cds.
B00001OH80|3.0|It's interesting to see what rumours can do to an album. It's only a few years since I got in touch with Bowie, and have been a fan ever since, virtually running out the house to buy all the albums in his amazing, colorful and quite often brilliant discography. I heard them all, but in all those years, I kept ignoring 1984's &quot;Tonight&quot; (and I still haven't heard it's 1987 follow-up, &quot;Never Let Me Down&quot;). With only very few positive reviews to back this album up, yet a truckload of negative ones to break it down to pieces, I was expecting awful drivel, an album so incredibly bad you don't know how fast to run to your stereo to turn the damn thing off. <br />So I got &quot;Tonight&quot; and gave it a spin. The only song I knew was the title-track, and ok, I always hated it. But the rest really isn't bad at all. To be quite frank, there's not one 100% awful track on it, with the exception of the cheap, tacky cover of The Beach Boys &quot;God Only Knows&quot;. Bowie knows his way with covers, always picking either obscure songs to give them an improved re-working, or better-known songs and respectfully cover them. In case of this song, it's just a big riddle what Bowie's intention was. It's bad, and it's cheap. And yes, a mistake.<br />Once we get past &quot;God Only Knows&quot;, there's a lot of nice stuff to be found on &quot;Tonight&quot;. Opening-track &quot;Loving The Alien&quot; is an atmospheric and dramatic track, that doesn't have anything remotely bad about it. &quot;Don't Look Down&quot; is lite-reggae, which isn't all too exhilerating, but fits well into the context of the album and is enjoyable. But from &quot;Neighbourhood Threat&quot; to the closer &quot;Dancing With The Big Boys&quot;, there's no reason why this album shouldn't be a worthy follow-up to &quot;Let's Dance&quot;. They're all catchy, decent tracks, which remain enjoyable after tons of listens.<br />Bowie has a serious catalog of great music AND a reputation of constantly changing his sound, and possibly break some ground too, please. What, do people expect him to keep that reputation up forever? &quot;Tonight&quot; was clearly conceived in a lesser-inspired period in Bowie's career, but to call the album absolutely worthless or even 'unlistenable' goes way too far and absolutely doesn't make any sense. It's really very eighties, even more eighties than &quot;Let's Dance&quot;. And that's a sound you have to like. I personally love that sound; as it reminds me of a great time. Maybe it's just personal, but &quot;Tonight&quot; is very far from being a bad Bowie-album.<br />If you're considering to buy this to complete your Bowie-collection (it's not that good that it should be your introduction to Bowie or something) you really should track down the Rykodisk-edition which offers you three really good bonus-tracks, including &quot;This Is Not America&quot;; hands down one of his most beautiful singles ever.
B00005NGAL|5.0|I bought this DVD for my 7 year olds birthday, guessing that both she and her 8 year old sister would love it.  I can tell you that I wasn't wrong.  One week later they are still loving it, in fact they seem to get more out of it each time they watch it.  The songs and dance routines are suberb, it's a lot better than I think I imagined it would be.<br />I'm no great Andrew Lloyd Webber fan, but that's not really the point.  I don't think that you need to be to recognise when something is well done. And whilst it may help? to have seen the stage show before, it's clearly not essential to enjoy the DVD. Sometimes it can be the opposite, as people may feel a film version does not live up to their expectations/memories of the live show.<br />If you are considering buying this then please do, and for goodness sake, do not worry AT ALL about this being unsuitable for children.  Some previous reviews commenting on it's unsuitablity for children are way off the mark.  I can only imagine they live in households where table cloths are required to reach to the floor, lest young ladies in the house are offended by the sight of the table legs!  Unreal...
0071359168|5.0|The twentieth anniversary edition of &quot;Positioning&quot; is uniquely updated without disrupting the original edition. Ries and Trout provide commentary in the margins, rather than rewriting passages in the book. <br />And in those margins, they can sometimes be brutally honest, as they occasionally admit to being wrong on some of their theories. But what you will note as you read this book is that the theories they advanced 20 years ago have largely proved out in the interim. This is a seminal work, a book that should be read by anyone involved in any form of marketing. <br />The current hot trend in marketing-- &quot;branding&quot;-- is in many ways an outgrowth of the theories put forth on &quot;Positioning.&quot; Essentially you distinguish your product or service from the competition. The ideal means of doing this is to be first to the market with your product or service, although that is no guarantee of continuous success. This may also mean finding an untapped niche, particularly in crowded categories. <br />Particularly interesting I their discussion of line extension, and how it dilutes, rather than strengthens, a company's position in the marketplace. And it is interesting to read how some companies at one time literally owned a particular product category, only to lose it when they tinkered with their concept too much. <br />Education, entertaining, and enlightening, this book is an important addition to anyone interested in marketing library.
B0001ZX0PG|5.0|Three young boys play together on a Boston street.  As they are writing their names in some fresh cement, a man approaches them angrily, claiming to be a policeman.  He takes one of the boys away in this car and proceeds to sexually abuse him while his friends stand by helplessly.  Tim Robbins plays the grown-up version of the boy who has been abused, and Kevin Bacon becomes a police officer who is investigating the death of the 19-year-old daughter of the third friend, played by Sean Penn.  Each of these three actors is brilliant in his part and they are well-supported by Marcia Gay Harden, Laurence Fishburne, and Laura Linney.  This is a classic tragedy, as high emotions, lack of communication, and exaggerated innuendoes lead to a sad conclusion.  The evil done to these boys continues to poison their lives into adulthood.  This is well-written, well-acted, and well-directed and it deserves all of the accolades it has received.
B000003TA4|5.0|The death of glam rock and the birth of Grunge and Alternative all at the same time! Kurt Cobain was and is a musical genius. I didn't like grunge untill I bought this album. Here's a description of the tracks:<BR>1. Smells Like Teen Spirit, 10/10 Kurt Cobain's best song, it may not be very creative but the riff is timeless. David Grohl provides awesome, heart pounding drums to compliment Kurt.<br />2.In Bloom, 8/10 Some of the best lyrics of all time! Catchy Intro and chorus. <br />3.Come as you Are, 9/10 Another excellent riff from Cobain. The lyrics are awesome in this song. <br />4.Breed, 9/10 One of the fastest, hardest songs on the album. Great Chorus<br />5.Lithium, 10/10 Some of the best basswork in the 90's. Very deep and meaningful lyrics.<br />6.Polly, 10/10 Great song for being acoustic the only better acoustic song is All Apolligies(the unplugged version.)<br />7.Territorial Pi$$ings,4/10 Probably the weakest song on the album. The beggining is scary.<br />8.Drain You, 9/10 Alot alike Teen Spirit but with better lyrics and a weaker chorus.<br />9.Lounge Act, 7/10 Pretty good, lyrics are good but the riffs aren't very catchy.<br />10.Stay Away, 9/10 Interesting lyrics, somemore great basswork from Kris.<br />11.On a Plain, 7/10 The volume is slightly lower on this song(compared to the other songs.) Even more interesting lyrics.<br />12.Something in the Way, 8/10 Good song but its style is very different then the rest of the songs.<BR>Overall great album. If you like Metallica, AC/DC, Pearl Jam, Soundgarden, Temple of the Dog, Audioslave, Alice in Chains, any alternative band, or any Metal band you will love this cd!
0316921173|5.0|I will not go on about how great this book is.  Every positive review you see is true.  To the potential buyer I want to offer some tips for enjoyment:<BR>1.  Keep a dictionary near-by.  Yes, you ARE smart, but some words are....well you will see.<BR>2.  Thumb through the foot-notes (yes, foot-notes) BEFORE reading and write down the numbers of the indices that appear to be important; i.e. are of significant length, have diagrams, etc..  Certain important footnotes are indicated as such by the author in the novel itself.  I discovered this helped me absorb most of the importance of the foot-notes without interrupting the flow of the book.<BR>Enjoy!
B0000CD5FN|4.0|This record was probably around the best released in 2003. It symbolised a great swannsong for Strummer and his hugely undererrated group. You get the feeling that it wasn't quite finished; that there were a few more tricks and lyrics the great man Strummer would sharpen up (and in all honesty 'Rock Art...' is perhaps more consistent). Nevertheless, he goes out with an awesome bang. Some individual tracks on this album are among the finest cuts Strummer produced in the latter - and earlier - parts of his career. Tunes like 'Coma Girl', 'Long Shadow', and his version of 'Redemption Song' are marvellous.<BR>'Ramshackle Day Parade' is the best though. Everything Strummer was all about in its scope, musicianship, and political passion. I find it tragic that two great songwriters, Joe Strummer and Johnny Cash - the best representations of Britain and America I can think of - passed away when we needed them most, as the lunatics (&quot;the deranged cowboys&quot;) in command of both these great nations ruin them. RIP Joe and Johnny - you are sorely missed.
B000002G26|4.0|Sometimes when artists release Greatest Hits albums, they always seem to make it within a quick miss. Largely, because there just isn't enough songs on those hits collections that shouls be there. That has come with so many artists and the lackluster collections that are actually issued. With Bryan Adams, he had that problem a few years ago with a hits collection that was issued. It really didn't have enough songs. However, his earlier collection of songs really seems to speak it out very well. At the time his first collection was released, it actually did follow through unlike most other hits collections. That really isn't much of a surprise these days.<br />The 1993 record, So Far So Good, is a collection of Bryan Adams biggest hits from the 80's and the early 90's. The songs here are great and very dynamic with the Canadian rocker's range. Although they may seem like in the grounds of the guilty pleasure ranking now, they just help you escape there. With great songs like Summer Of '69, Straight From The Heart, Heaven, Cuts Like A Knife, his duet with Tina Turner called It's Only Love, even his wonderous power ballad from Robin Hood: Prince Of Thieves, Everything I Do (I Do It For You) is also here. The album also included another newcomer song, Please Forgive Me, which remains a great song no doubt about it. All in all, this record does follow through, which a lot of collections really don't with the songs and the appeal that breaks through very well.<br />While people may be torn with this collection and the 2002 Bryan Adams hits collection, The Best Of Me, So Far So Good is a much better hits collection because at the time it surely was released, it did show its feeling with the songs well and true. This is that hits collection. It truly is a must have.
B00005JRX0|2.0|I love AC/DC and I was very excited when this album came out mainly because they have not recorded an album with new matierial in 3 or 4 years. I was very disappointed! Brian Johnson's voice is wearing out and it shows on this album especially in the live songs(I bought the Stiff Upper Lip DVD too.) Angus and Malcom's riffs aren't that catchy!<BR>Stiff Upper Lip is the best song and after that there aren't anymore songs that will stick in your head or even make you think, hay that was pretty good.
B00004Y6RO|5.0|Almost all of my friends hate slipknot, but they have to be one of my favorite bands! now i really dont feel like reviewing the whole CD so i'll just do my favorite songs<BR>(Sic) 9/10: A very angry song, good first track<BR>Eyeless 10/10: Nice fast song, great to sing just to tick people off<BR>Spit it out 11/10: The first song i heard by them, and i loved it ever since<BR>Prosthetics 20/10: By far the best song off the cd, starts slow, gets fast, and its VERY catchy!
0316153907|5.0|The Last Coyote, by exciting writer, Michael Connelly, may not be the best in the Detective Harry Bosch Mystery Series, but the series overall was absolutely the best.  I enjoy stories that go from one book to the next.  I find the ongoing storylines very exciting and think most people who enjoy this genre will feel the same way.  I like getting to know the characters on an intimate level.  Makes the story seem very real.
B00006AW2J|5.0|This is an incredible album. Other stones fans have complained about some sloppy instrumentals and out-of-tune harmonies, but I think these minor setbacks only add to the laid-back and relaxing feel of the album. It has a lot of stellar tracks, including the beautiful songs &quot;Salt of the Earth&quot; and &quot;Jigsaw Puzzle&quot;. I strongly recommend this instead of Forty Licks or any other compilation album as an introduction to the Stones. I bought Forty Licks myself, and don't get me wrong, it has a lot of good music on it, but: it's not in context. They're just a disjointed bunch of songs. Then, I got this album from a library and fell in love. I realized what an idiot I was to buy the best-of album, this is so much better. So, to sum up: future stones fans should buy this album, it's a great introduction, and current stones fans should have this album already, but if you don't, buy it with all speed. Rock on!!
B000002TQV|1.0|I cannot stand this album.   Or, Rather: I cannot understand this C.D.  Don't get me wrong, the tracks aren't exceptionally horrible but I don't see what the fuss is about.  The guys voice is whiny and annoying and the songs are self involved.  The only song that sounded marginally musical and lived up to the hype was Fake Plastic Trees.  I doubt anyone really enjoys this album but simply puts up with it because they want to like it/want people to think they like it.  Don't waste your time or money.
B000002LHT|4.0|Although the production is kinda bad,  the songs aren't.<br />There are a lot of great songs on this one,  of course &quot;I believe in Miracles&quot; and &quot;Pet Sematary&quot; are 2 of the greatest Ramones songs and its worth it just for those.<br />Other songs like Zero Zero UFO, Punishment Fits the Crime, Palisades Park, Ignorance is Bliss, Merry Christmas, Come back,<BR>and one of my all time favorite Ramones songs &quot;Can't get you outta my mind&quot;,  make this CD very much worth buying.<br />The Production is kinda muddy but the songs make up for it.<BR>not the best Ramones album, but a very good album none the less.
0671027387|5.0|Dan Brown is a writer that I enjoy very much.  Some of his novels I like better than others, like Deception Point.  I thought the story was very exciting and I am happy to recommend it to anyone who enjoys an exciting thriller.
B00000FCBC|1.0|Metallica has really lost it for good. Both discs are terrible. If possible, I would give it no stars.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|Britney has definitely showed growth in her latest album 'In the Zone', even though 'Britney' seemed to be a better album.<br />ME AGAINST THE MUSIC F/ MADONNA--1st single, it is an alright club song and I like it, but cant help feel that it could have been better especially with Madonna in it<br />BOOM BOOM--one of my favorites on the album because it has that dirty south flavor on it and the Ying-Yang Twins gives it that extra kick it needs<br />SHOWDOWN--probably one of my least favorite songs on the album, I usually skip this track<br />BREATHE ON ME--another one of my faves, very sexy and personal<br />EARLY MORNING--another club song, I really like it Moby co-wrote this one<br />TOXIC--2nd single that really blew up, it took me a while to like it though, now i cant stop listening to it<br />OUTRAGEOUS--R.Kelly song, projected 4th single not one of my favorites though<br />TOUCH OF MY HAND--the best song on this album or known as the masterbation song (usally the 'Britney Haters' favorite song), has a techno-chinese fell to it<br />THE HOOKUP--Reggae flavor to this one, I really like this one too<br />SHADOW--I like this song too, has a lot of meaning to me for some reason<br />BRAVE NEW GIRL--has a poppy feeling to it, but its doesnt seem like a pop song to me, I guess you will have to listen to it<br />EVERYTIME--3rd single and Britney's best ballad ever<br />ME AGAINST THE MUSIC (REMIX)-- like this better than the original, its really cool
6305508550|5.0|My wife and I were among the few who originally saw this in theaters, and I loved it from that first viewing.  One of my favorite movies.  So funny.  Not exactly for the younger set (the movie has lots of profanity, drug, sex, and crime humor -- and quite a bit of cynicism), but OH SO FUNNY!  Kind of like a Python movie, with so many hilarious moments and quotes.<br />All the other reviews describe the movie pretty well.  Others have mentioned Fight Club as a better movie to see, but there are simply no comparisions.  They're both about how the workplace affects the main character, and that's about it.  Both are good movies -- but this is a comedy, and Fight Club is a darker suspenseful drama -- they're just so different, so it's not really fair to compare them in any way.  See Office Space, you'll probably love it.  It's very re-watchable.  Great movie for the DVD collection.<br />\\"I sentence you to no less than 4 years...in a federal pound-me-in-the-ass prison.\\"
0312263120|1.0|It's bad enough that this book seems to have been written by someone who has never seen a computer, much less understands such infosec concepts as viruses, cryptology, and programming.  But even common intelligence community subjects are beyond his grasp  (he claims that there is a single database that holds ALL of the countries secrets... and this database is accessible via dialup connection throughout the world... are you kidding me??)  This book is an insult to anyone who ever took a class in PowerPoint.  If you are a complete computer neophyte however, I still wouldn't recommend this book.  As difficult as it was to get beyond the countless inaccuracies, once I did, the book was dry, and the whole concept was ludicrous.  I can't recommend this book to anyone, the Wizard of Oz is more technically accurate that the drivel this guy spewed.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|It is hard to put in words how amazing this new cd is. Avril Lavigne has advanced so much in the past few years in the music industry. Not only growing in her music, but growing as a person also. You get a real picture of who she is through this cd.
B0001Z53AQ|5.0|I absolutely LUV this cd!!!!!  its awsum!!  i probly wuddnt hav gotten it, but i won it off the radio.  when i got it, i wudd only listen 2 the track i knew, which was \\"My Band.\\"  then, when i was bored, i listened 2 the rest of the CD and was SO surprised!!!  the CD is great!!!!!<BR>1. git up: 9/10- excellent track w/ good chorus<BR>2. loyalty: 6/10<BR>3. just like u: 7/10<BR>4. i'll be damned: 8/10<BR>5. dude (skit): 0/10- i cant stand sum skits cuz they rilly hav no point<BR>6. my band: 10/10- just dont listen 2 it ova and ova and ova and ova agin like me cuz then u get RILLY tired of it, trust me<BR>7. U R the one: 6/10- ive heard ppl say that this 1s 4 the girls, but im a girl and i dont like it<BR>8. 6 in the morning: 8/10- luv it<BR>9. how come: 10/10- evrytin bout it is perfect excellent song<BR>10. leave dat boy alone: 7/10- luv the accents<BR>11. get my gun: 10/10- hilarious, eminem has sum good insults 4 his gun<BR>12. bizarre (skit): 0/10- agin, i HATE skits<BR>13. bitch: 9/10- 1st time i heard it, i found it funny.  2nd time, i realized that otha girls will most likely find it offensive<BR>14. steve's coffee house (skit): 0/10<BR>15. D12 World: 4/10- i dont no y, but i cant stand this 1, i get 2 the chorus and just hav 2 turn it off<BR>16. 40 oz: 9/10- club song i guess<BR>17. commercial break: 9/10- FUNNY!!!<BR>18. american psycho II: 8/10- describes my bro<BR>19. bugz 97 (skit): 8/10- ok, this is a good skit, great beat<BR>20. good die young: 10/10- serious song, made me cry when i 1st heard it (i had PMS)<BR>21. keep talkin: 6/10- sorta boring...
B0001HAHXW|3.0|I'm actually very surprised.  I expected to love this album.  But my first impression is that Clapton undermines these songs, mostly by being entirely incapable of capturing the spirit of the songs as he sings them.<br />Still, he seems to play the instrumental parts okay (though without Johnson's edge), and is bringing even wider acclaim to Robert Johnson, so I'll still give him 3 stars.<br />I really was expecting something great, and this is a big disappointment, and mainly because Clapton's singing is just WRONG.<br />And anyone who gives this 5 stars clearly does not appreciate Robert Johnson, and instead is likely a Clapton fanatic.  Clapton's vocal takes alone should subtract AT LEAST one star.<br />I wouldn't call the effort and album a bomb, as I am giving it 3 stars, but it's hardly something that people or Clapton ought to be bragging about, or giving rave reviews to.<br />It's okay.  Violates the spirit, but mostly hits the letter.  And if it leads listeners and young musicians back to the originals, then the purpose will have been served.
B0001NBMBC|5.0|I admit that when I purchased this cd I was not a maggot.  I liked some Slipknot songs like Wait and Bleed and People (...) but I couldn't get myself hooked into screaming.  I picked up Vol. 3 (The Subliminal Verses) while I was on vacation and I was blown away.  The reason I picked it up was because I heard that they had calmed down and did some acoustic work.  I am a big fan of acoustic in rock.  I also heard that some of the songs had actual melody and that is also what I look for.  I was instantly hooked from track 1.  Cory could actually sing and scream (I had not then heard Stone Sour except for \\"Bother\\").  The other 9 members show equal talent and are all given space to shine.  My favorite songs are \\"The Blister Exists\\", \\"Three Nil\\", \\"Duality\\", \\"Vermilion\\", \\"Before I Forget\\", and \\"Vermilion Pt. 2\\".  There are no real bad songs although \\"The Virus of Life\\" is hard to get into until many listenings.  I would reccommend this not only to other maggots but to any person wanting to become a maggot.
B0000X2EOW|5.0|The movie Labyrinth (staring David Bow and Jennifer Connelly.) Is the story of a spoiled teenage girl named Sarah Williams. Sarah makes a foolish wish. Of having Jareth, the Goblin King, take her baby brother away from her.<br />There are really only two plot lines in this story. <br />A) That Jareth has baby brother Toby and is keeping him in his castle. He wants to make him a goblin and withholds him there.  Jareth is enjoying tormenting Sarah with his games and trick doors.<BR> Nothing in Jareth's Labyrinth is what it seems.<BR>When you think it's one thing. It's usually another. Jareth sends the dwarf Hoggel to trick Sarah, and have her take more time in solving his labyrinth.<BR> Jareth has a middle calculative mind and likes beautiful things. Like crystals and parties.<BR>He likes to play jokes on the mortals and is some what cruel to those around him the most.<BR> The Goblin King is all so very arrogant and doesn't believe that Sarah will defeat him.<BR>Jareth's feelings for Sarah are sometimes in question. Allot of fans believe that he was in love with her. However, it's so hard to say, because the story doesn't really grow. On Sarah and Jareth's feelings for each other.<BR> There is one thing for sure though. That he enjoys to make her miserable. As she tries to get her brother back and defeat him.<br />B) Sarah Williams is more then frustrated with Jareth. She hats the fact that the fairy tale, that she loves. Is acutely real and Jareth took away her baby brother.<BR>Now she she has to go through Jareth's long labyrinth, to save him.<BR>In the movie Sarah wines allot and complains continually to Jareth and Hoggel.<BR> However, as the movie moves along. Her character does progresses (if not slowly.) Sarah realizes how important friends are and that she has to decide about some important things.<br />-Cerelia
B0001ZX0PG|2.0|This movie got so much hype. It wasn't good. Sean Penn's character was a total rip off of Robert Dinero!<BR>Don't believe the hype on this movie. It's a waste of time and the climax and plot twist of the two teen boys killing the girl is stupid and far fetched.
B0001Z52RU|5.0|This was such a great movie! Ashton Kutcher was totally hot the whole way! He surprised me with his acting talent. The younger versions of him totally looked like him. The best actor in the movie would have to be the 13 year old Ashton. He looked like Ashton, and was a really great actor. <BR>           The ending wasn't what I was expecting at all! Which totally makes the movie like 100% better. The ending also left me thinking, and wishing it would be a happier ending, but the ending was great anyway. I love Ashton Kutcher, and I really think that he has alot of talent!
B0000DYJM6|5.0|This is a great CD, especially given that none of these songs were originally deemed great enough to warrant inclusion on a regular album.  For greater detail about the overall greatness of the CD, see other reviews.  What I'm concerned about is the lack of recognition being given to far and away the best song on this double album, a secret track at the end of the second album.  The last listed song on the second CD, Bee Girl, is very short (and pretty unremarkable by the rest of the album's standards), lasting less than 2 minutes.  Maybe the majority of the owners of this CD just absent-mindedly stop the CD as soon as &quot;Bee Girl&quot; ends, I don't know.  If the CD is turned off after &quot;Bee Girl,&quot; you lose a chance to hear one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard.  So pop some Ritalin if necesssary, and wait all the way till the six minute mark, when this masterpiece begins.  Entitled &quot;4-20-02&quot;, it is a song that Eddie recorded almost immediately upon hearing of the death of the late great Layne Staley from Alice In Chains.  It is a gorgeous tribute.  If you are a fan of Layne's music, then it is that much more meaningful, but the song is so melancholy and beautiful that it must stand out to anyone.  Despite the presence of numerous other great songs (including Yellow Ledbetter), 4-20-02 is far and away the best.
B000003TA4|5.0|AFI K. is just a closeted Nirvana fan. He hates Nirvana because they were everything he could never be: famous, rich, and able to confidently experiment with themselves in the world of drugs and sex. Bitter grapes, pal? Thought so. Go listen to your equally-disguistingly mainstream Dark Side of the Moon album and shut your trap until you can make a decent argument. AFI K. can't even handle the heaviness of Bleach, but he goes and says that Nevermind is too poppy. Best cuts off Nevermind that AFI K. isn't man enough to admit he secretly likes:<br />Territorial Pissings<BR>Lithium<BR>Teen Spirit<BR>Lounge Act
B0001Z53AQ|3.0|This is a good CD, and D12 are better than most rap nowadays, but My Band is so overplayed on the radio its not even funny!
B000089RVX|1.0|This CD sucked she can not sing at all.  I mean my sister loves it as 4 me i'll stick with Usher and Missy Elliot.  But then again I'm the all-star Cheerleader not the one who wears black clothes on a 90 dergree day.  If u have any comments please write HOT CHICK 2004 in your review so i know 2 read it, im not going 2 read any rewiews that dont envolve ME. Got it good.  Write me. (Actully I'm her little sister I'm just using her name.)
0802130208|5.0|Like a cross between Jackson McCrae's THE BARK OF THE DOGWOOD and the best Vonnegut book, A CONFEDERACY OF DUNCES takes the prize as far as great, funny, and well-written southern literature goes. Okay, the book wasn't written yesterday, so it does have its limitations, but besides that it's still one of the funniest things ever written. A must for anyone interested in a classic.<br />Would also recommend: Bark of the Dogwood-A Tour of Southern Homes and Gardens
B000003TAB|4.0|And now for my somwhat-disjointed review. Bleach and Insecticide are my favorite Nirvana albums. Due to their lack of total melody, it makes for a challenging listen. Thank God the songs off Insecticide aren't as formulaic as Nirvana's two major label studio releases. Kurt tried to recapture the natural lo-fi sound of Bleach and attempted to apply it to In Utero... by spending thousands upon thousands of dollars. Sorry, but there's no replicating a lack of money, and a plethora or ingenuity that you once had, buddy. The Dale demos on side B are the only songs I never tire of. Beeswax, Downer, Mexican Seafood, Hairspray Queen, Aero Zepplin, oh how I love thee. Though they're pretty low-budget they're still more complex than anything from Nevermind and In Utero. Big Long Now is good to play in the background if you don't want to listen to deafening silence. I'm not too keen on the songs from the Peel sessions except for Turnaround. Aneurysm is the ultimate in slicked-up rock music posing a punk. What's with everyone's love affair with Dive and Sliver? I just don't feel whatever everyone else loves about those two songs.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|I can't describe how perfect is this album!!!!! The songs are more exting, like he wans't with make us remind the old times with sk8er boi, the cool who knows, the cute don't tell me and the beautiful my happy ending... I loved this cd because those songs make me think in my life... is the best one I have.... Congradulations Avril !!!!
B00006RU5B|5.0|Scratch one up for all the rockers out there, this band is going places. I only recently got this album at K-Mart because it was ten dollars and I've been wanting it for some time. I hate myself now because I didn't get it sooner. The lyrics and guitar of this band is incredible (not to mention at a level where I can sing along). I hear all that &quot;supergroup&quot; jazz about these guys and laugh everytime. Come on people, who cares whether these guys are gods of rock or even if they walked into the studio from off the street, it's about the music. Audioslave has it down, for all I'm concerned.<br />1. Cochise- Great song, good start to an incredible album.<br />2. Show Me How To Live- I love the lyrics on this one, good beat and nice effects with the voice at the end.<br />3. Gasoline- One of my favorites. It's that kind of song that if you get into you get chills.<br />4. What You Are- A fun song, full of ups and downs.<br />5. Like A Stone- I love this song! &quot;What!? But the radio killed it!&quot; you say. I say don't listen to the radio if you're going to cry about it.<br />6. Set It Off- This one is unique. I like it nevertheless, it has a nice sound to it. Awesome beginning.<br />7. Shadow On The Sun- A slower song, but very good lyrics. They kind of blow this one with a shouting session at the end, though. Sweet guitar solo.<br />8. I Am The Highway- Good song, it grows on you.<br />9. Exploder- Awesome lyrics, like a ballad. Personally, I'm a fan of the ending.<br />10. Hypnotize- Interesting song with a good beat. I like the chorus.<br />11. Bring Em Back Alive- Probably my favorite on the album. The guitar solo sounds like it's off a Nintendo game, you have to hear this.<br />12. Light My Way- Another heavy beat that sounds pretty nifty.<br />13. Getaway Car- Not a huge fan of this one, but I still like it enough to listen to it.<br />14. The Last Remaining Night- A creepy song, but very cool. A nice ending to the album.<br />Get this album right now. You'll be one dissapointed rocker if you don't.ed rocker if you don't.
B00005JLEU|4.0|Friends - I agree this is one of the most captivating and wildly imaginitive movies ever, but we bought it based on how much my daughter loved Kiki's Delivery Service (she's 7).  Beware - my child was scared to death.  This is very powerful stuff.  The creators of this movie must have done some real trippy drugs or something.  There's an almost oppressive feel to the movie - this kid sees her parents turned to pigs and has to battle her way through some kind of bad LSD trip to rescue them.  If your child is sensitive, and easily sucked into a world of imagination, this movie might blow thier minds.  I'd give it a PG13 rating at least.  If I'd watched it by myself I would have given it 5 stars because it is so wildly, vividly freaky.  Think we'll be sticking to Barney for a while.
B000002INJ|5.0|This CD is great for it's novelty value.  It is super cheesey and it's use of cliches is surpassed by few.  <BR>   I can't understand how they were \\"the loudest band in the world.\\"  Bands like \\"Slayer\\", \\"Metallica\\", and \\"Megadeth\\" were around at the time.  Those were the type of guys that would beat up guys like those in \\"Manowar.\\" For them to use the lyric \\"I ride a comet\\" in any song is just amazingly queer.  <BR>   I once vomited because of some bad nachos and I went to my room to listen to this and I swear it cured me becuase of how funny it was.<BR>   I like it because it is terrible.  Though it is so cheesey somethimes it is just good to sit and smell the cheese.  They wouldn't be NEARLY as bad if they didn't try to make everything so epic.  The music that they play was of the time but the lyrics were cliche for even then.  <BR>   They thought they were \\"heavy\\" but they were mistaking that for queer. <BR>   I thought it was pure genius to scream \\"SCATTERED EVERYWHERE\\" in the song \\"Wheels of Fire.\\"<BR>   They didn't catch on in America because Americans knew what was cool.  The people that listen to this were \\"Dungeons and Dragons\\" nerds.  By the way, that is looked down upon in America.
B0002234LS|1.0|I only review books on Amazon, but after seeing this horrendous movie I felt obligated by good will to assure no one else wastes two hours of their life on this movie.<br />I am SO sick of hollywood making half-hearted attempts of good conceptual ideas.  If the notion of an author &quot;stealing&quot; another's novel appeals to you do yourself a favor and READ a fantastic novel &quot;About the Author&quot; by John Colapinto.  It beautifully incorporates all the emotions that such an dea should.<br />And, furthermore, isn't it about obvious every Stephen King book has a supernatural element at the center of the plot.  MY GOD hollywood give me SOMETHING FRESH!!!<br />And remember for every movie that runs astray from a good screenplay, their is a book out there that is 10 times better.  Hell if you need a reccomendation e-mail me.
B0002I831S|5.0|When Paramount Home Video first started to release the original series of \\"Star Trek\\" in 1999, I was aghast at the fact that only one DVD with two episodes per DVD were being released one DVD at a time at a very high cost.  The cost to own all 40 volumes (DVD's) was staggering.  Of course, this doesn't even address the amount of shelf space required for all 40 DVD's.<br />Now, with this repackaged version, all 29 episodes of the first season are being released together on 8 disks.  This is the packaged version of the original \\"Star Trek\\" that I fully intend to purchase because even at full list price, the cost of owning the first complete season is less than half the cost of owning its earlier cousin on an equivalent 13 DVD's.  Also, I expect that the packaging itself will be designed similarly to the packaging used for other \\"Star Trek\\" series released in complete seasons, meaning that it will only require a small amount of shelf space.  It would also appear that extra documentary and commentary material not released originally will be included in this complete season box set.<br />The original series of \\"Star Trek\\", that ran for three complete seasons between 1966 and 1969, started a franchise that has included six television series and ten big screen motion pictures.  The main original characters of Captain James T. Kirk (William Shatner), Lt. Commander/Commander Spock (Leonard Nimoy), Dr. Leonard H. 'Bones' McCoy (DeForest Kelley, 1920-1999), Lt. Cmdr. Montgomery 'Scotty' Scott (James Doohan), Lt. Hikaru Sulu (George Takei), Lt. Nyota Uhura (Nichelle Nichols), Ensign Pavel Chekov (Walter Keonig from 1967-1969), Yeoman Janice Rand (Grace Lee Whitney from 1966-1967) and Nurse Christine Chapel (Majel Barrett) have become an inseparable part of Americana.  Though series creator Gene Roddenberry (1921-1991) was not able to keep the original series alive for five seasons as originally envisioned (it was cancelled after its third season), he, along with the countless series fans, was able to resurrect it in the form of six motion pictures beginning in 1979 and the first series spin-off, \\"Star Trek: The Next Generation\\" in 1987, which ran for seven years and had spin-offs of its own.  There was also a 22-episode animated version based upon the original series that ran from 1972 to 1974.<br />The most memorable episodes of the first season include \\"The Man Trap\\", \\"Charlie X\\", \\"Where No Man has Gone Before\\", \\"The Naked Time\\", \\"Mudd's Women\\" (which introduced the character Harcourt Fenton 'Harry' Mudd, as played by Roger C. Carmel, 1932-1986), \\"Miri\\", \\"The Corbomite Maneuver\\", \\"The Menagerie\\" (parts 1 and 2, which used the original unaired pilot \\"The Cage\\" as its basis), \\"The Conscience of the King\\", \\"Balance of Terror\\", \\"Shore Leave\\", \\"The Squire of Gothos\\", \\"Tomorrow is Yesterday\\", \\"Court Martial\\", \\"Space Seed\\" (the inspiration for the 1982 film \\"Star Trek II: The Wrath of Kahn\\"), \\"A Taste of Armageddon\\", \\"This Side of Paradise\\", \\"The Devil in the Dark\\", \\"Errand of Mercy\\", \\"The City of the Edge of Forever\\" (the only Emmy Award-winning episode with guest star Joan Collins as Edith Keeler) and \\"Operation: Annihilate!\\".  The only truly awful episode during the entire first season was \\"The Alternative Factor\\".  Since an exhaustive list of what this 8-DVD set has is not yet available, I do not yet know whether the unaired pilot \\"The Cage\\" is included, but I hope that it is.<br />Overall, I rate the 8-DVD set of \\"Star Trek: Original Series Season 1\\" with an anticipatory 5 out of 5 stars.  Clearly, this is how Paramount should have released the original series to begin with.  Thank you Gene Roddenberry for taking all of us \\"where no man has gone before\\".
B00004RFCM|3.0|Kudos to \\"Sex and the City\\" for its portrayal of the emptiness of those young women patrolling NYC in search of pleasure and pleasure alone. The brilliant portrayals of shallow, superficial nympho-phonies might never be equalled again. The only drawback, of course, is Sarah Jessica Parker acting, dressing, and sashaying around as if she was pretty and/or sexy..which, as Executive Producer of the show, is understandable, but which is negated by her long face, heavy make-up, that ugly mole, all of which adds up to nothing but a mediocre woman at the most.<BR>The other actresses are far prettier and probably more talented; perhaps that's why they're eventually relegated to minor roles so that the Executive Producer can be more present on the show; golly, who knows?<BR>Well, if you're ever in NYC, look me up and l'll take you on a tour of the singles scene and introduce you to more interesting women, not the shallow ones of this show.
0790729652|3.0|This movie is so over-rated.<br />This movie is boring! All the characters were flat, boring, and lifeless. The one exeption would have to be Jack Nicholson who plays a great Joker. He really brings the Joker to life for this movie. When he was on screen were the only times in this movie that I didn't yawn.<br />Batman's costume looked like it weighed 300 pounds. He didn't look like he could MOVE, much less fight crime in that big rubber suit.<br /> I love Batman. He is one of my favorite superheroes.(He could outsmart and beat Spiderman's little candy-butt any day of the week.) but the way he is portrayed is this movie just doesn't cut it for me. The Dark Knight had no depth and Bruce Wayne looked like a skinny little geek rich-boy.(No offence to Michael Keaton.)<br />Good movie, not a great movie.
0345350499|2.0|A friend highly recommended this book to me, and I was expecting it to be much better than it was.  Unfortunately, Mists of Avalon did not live up to the hype.  It felt like an overgrown romance novel trying (and failing) to be a philosophical, Tolkienesque saga.  It came off as overly self-conscious, stilted, awkward, with exaggeratedly lofty language that rings false.  The author is clearly striving to be deep, but she's drowning.  In spite of the complexities she's trying to construct, there is a heavy-handed simplicity in the tensions and oppositions she sets up, especially between the Christian and Pagan characters.  The book takes itself entirely too seriously, some of the main characters lack depth and humanity, and more than anything I wanted to smack Guinevere for being such a whiny, mewling idiot-scaredy-cat-moron (and get her to drop the pretentious Welsh spelling).  The idea behind the tale, a retelling of the Arthurian legend from a female perspective, is brilliant and deserves to be done well.  The female perspectives that came across here, however, made me embarassed and frustrated.  What a letdown.  I was not impressed.
B00025ETIW|5.0|I've been a MCR fan ever since I Brought You My Bullets, but their new cd completely blows the old one out of the water. It shows an amazing musical maturity, as well as range. Every one of the songs on this cd is different and great in its own way. This cd has a song for everyone, and I can't imagine how someone could not enjoy it. It has creative, dark lyrics, powerful guitar rifts, and addicting melodies, proving that these guys are just bursting with raw talent. Easily one of my favorite albums of the year. It's worth every penny of your money, and you will not regret checking this band out! If you're looking for a great new band to get hooked to, this is it. My Chemical Romance is going places and this cd will not let you down.
B0001Z53AQ|5.0|I bought this album a few days after it came out and I've listened to it ever since. It's my favorite rap album right now and I just can't put it down. I love the cd.All the members of the group (Eminem, Swift, Bizarre, Kon Artis, Kuniva, and Proof)make this album sound so good.If I could I would give this cd 10 stars. My favorite songs are 40oz, My Band, How Come, and Git Up. Go get it. I promise you won't regret buying it.
B00004TJKI|5.0|This film hooks you in the first minute with Saul Bass' brilliant titles and Duke Ellington's music, and then has you caught for the duration in the next few scenes; the dialogue is sharp and intelligent, and at the age of 50, Jimmy Stewart gives one of the best performances of his illustrious career, as Paul Biegler, an attorney who would rather be fishing than getting fees for his work. Stewart is so natural, so real, and so immensely likable. He's the kind of guy you wish you could have in your family, but wily enough to argue a good defense in court.<br />Lee Remick has just the right amount of provocative sensuality as Laura Manion to make one wonder what exactly happened on the &quot;fateful night&quot; in question.<br />After playing Southern belles in both &quot;A Face in the Crowd&quot; (1957) and &quot;The Long Hot Summer&quot; (1958), Remick was offered the role of Laura because Lana Turner, who was supposed to play the part, refused to wear an &quot;off-the-rack&quot; wardrobe, and wanted dresses designed by Jean Louis (hardly what a Army wife would be wearing). It was a big break for Remick, and she makes the most of it.<br />The entire supporting cast is superb: Ben Gazzara as the intense Lt. Manion, Arthur O'Connell as Biegler's assistant and friend, Eve Arden as Biegler's loyal secretary. George C. Scott is Dancer, the Assistant State Attorney, and Joseph N. Welch, who gained fame for being the Special Counsel for the Army in the Army-McCarthy Congressional hearings, is a delight as Judge  Weaver. Duke Ellington makes a cameo appearance as Pie Eye, and even Muffy the beer drinking dog does a great job. Otto Preminger's direction flows at a lovely pace, with a balance between the dramatic tension and thoughtful scenes tinged with humor.<br />There were Oscar nominations for Best Actor, Supporting Actor (both O'Connell and Scott), Picture, and Editing (all losing to &quot;Ben Hur&quot;), as well as Sam Leavitt's beautiful b&amp;w cinematography (lost to &quot;The Diary of Anne Frank&quot;) and Wendell Mayes marvelous screenplay adaptation of the Robert Traver best-seller (lost to &quot;Room at the Top&quot;), proving that 1959 was a great year at the movies.<br />I love courtroom dramas, and this is one of the best ever made; it's unpredictable, with a very authentic feel to it, perhaps because the author, using the pen name of &quot;Robert Traver&quot;, was actually Michigan Supreme Court Justice John D. Voelker.<br />Total running time is 160 minutes.&quot;The Diary of Anne Frank&quot;) and Wendell Mayes marvelous screenplay adaptation of the Robert Traver best-seller (lost to &quot;Room at the Top&quot;), proving that 1959 was a great year at the movies. <BR>I love courtroom dramas, and this is one of the best ever made; it's unpredictable, with a very authentic feel to it, perhaps because the author, using the pen name of &quot;Robert Traver&quot;, was actually Michigan Supreme Court Justice John D. Voelker. <BR>Total running time is 160 minutes.
B00005JKL8|1.0|This film just goes to show how pompous and stupid Americans are ! Not just through the highly stereotyped film but due to the completly DIRE direction.<br />The scene in which &quot;our boy&quot; arrives at the (first) rendezvous point and radios in, for example, when Hackman looses the radio signal then blares out &quot;where is he ? I need a location&quot; (after he was just told he'd reached the rendezvous point) closely followed by a quick radio conversation with no location whatsoever resulting in everyone going to the same place. The only reason you would want to see this film is to make you feel good that the Americans only came into World War 2 at the last minute! Pedictable and Lame (Soundtrack is ok though Fluke and Feeder both English bands ... how patriotic :) )
B000148KK2|1.0|I cannot believe that this album went Platinum in Canada with all these negative reviews. and an average of 3-star rating. I just can't see the smooth smoky singing people hear in Diana. I hear on moderate tempo songs she always sings choppy and never connects her phrases. It's too staccato and short sounding She doesn't sustain a line and has no dynamic range. The lady has a five note range and cannot sing more than three words without taking a breath, and from time to time sings off key.. In fact, she sounds like she's struggling somtimes. Not easy to listen to at all. Don't recommend....... BUT DENA DEROSE, is the real thing -- equally creative, graceful and substantive as a crooner and instrumentalist. She may not have the platinum-selling discs or car commercials of Diana Krall, but DeRose is Ms. K's equal when it comes to room-filling charisma. I would say that Dena even surpasses Diana in jazz depth. . Dena DeRose plays with considerable flair ...her interpretations are unhackneyed and filled with intriguing alternatives to the routine performances of many other singers.... I read all the dissapointments and anger, depression of reviewers listening to &quot;Room&quot;, and I just relish in the fact that I discovered Dena DeRose &quot;Love's Holiday&quot; which is total jazz excitement and enjoyment . If I haven't convinced you of pure jazz enjoyment now, I never will. Recommend Dena DeRose.
B00005JMEW|5.0|Kill Bill Volume 1 is one of my favorite movies ever.  This is one of Quentin Tarantino's greatest achievments along with Pulp Fiction. As always Uma Thurman's superb talent makes this movie a real thriller. The movie is basically about a bride, which we do not know the name of, who is shot in the head on her weading day by her assasin boss, Bill. Sometimes, though, the violence is overwhelming. Me being a teenage viewer (14 yrs. old) thought that not many other kids younger than me should see this movie. The violence can be mentally upsetting. If you are 14 or older I say you should see this astonishing film. If you are intrested in martial arts, samurais, and old westerns, you need to see this movie. So, if you feel like seeing a great violent movie go ahead and buy or rent Kill Bill Volume 1
B00018D44U|1.0|Who can go through this album more than once without gagging, falling asleep or shooting themselves of boredom? Thanks Snorah...........The Good News is: I saved $100 on my car insurance with the Gecco..............PS: Get Dena DeRose's &quot;Love's Holiday&quot; You won't gag, fall asleep or shoot.  You will just  have a unique jazz experience.
B000002H4Q|5.0|If there were 2 albums to really define the Cure, it would be this album, &amp; 'Disintegration', released 2 years later<br />Whereas 'Disintegration' captures Robert Smiths ability to make powerful dark atmosphereic music, this, on the other hand, captures his ability to make powerful light atmosphereic music... Which really defines him as being the magnificent song writer he is<br />At first this album isn't so easy to get into, it took me a few months before finally really growing on me - It's rapid mood swings throughout the album can throw the listener off, which is why it's so important to sit down &amp; listen to it &amp; not just throw the album on as backround music until you're used to the songs<br />This supposivley was a double album originally, making it the longest Cure album in the Cure's catalog. I would also say it's their most instrumental &amp; musical - All you have to do is get used to the variety, &amp; this album will become one of your favorites by them<br />If you're completely new to the Cure, it might be better if you bought 1992's 'Wish' instead, before buying this album - 'Wish' has the same type of variety, except is easier to get into - <br />This is overall an excellent display of Robert Smith's genius building &amp; building in intensity until the late 80s, where in 1989 it finally exploded in their most successful &amp; legendary album, 'Disintegration' - If 'Disintegration' was the thunder clap, 'Kiss me x 3' was the lightning bolt<br />In the top 3 best Cure albums.
B0001AVZA8|1.0|hey for all you older people out there im not hating on this movie i just think it  was a lil slow oh who am i kiddin!this movie is good for helpin u get to sleep.i mean i geuss there cudd have been some funny jokes that i didint understand or no one under 35 cudd understand.Jack nicolson can be rele funny like in ANGER MANAGEMENT  but this movie is for old people. its about a older man who dates girls under 30 and he happens to date the daughter of the single old lady who writes poems. the daughter break up with jack bcuz hes too old and her mom needs sum1 and she thinsk they should hook up and they do and you get to see a 57 year old lady copmpletely naked !!!  yes evrything shows even though its rated pg 13 all this movie gave me was nightmares from taht nude scene   THANK YOU
B000002BYD|5.0|If the 'Ten' era was (obviously) the first coming of Pearl Jam - After years of making no music videos &amp; doing little interviews, this album, their 5th - With it's catchy riffs, unforgettable chorus's, &amp; infectious melodies, along with the success of 'Last Kiss' released shortly after this album - 'Yield' would mark the 2nd coming of Pearl Jam as a very relevant force in mainstream music<br />'Yield' is Pearl Jam's best showing of having both their experimental side shown, &amp; their accessible side shown - If this was the first Pearl Jam album you got, you would be able to move onto either 'No Code', (their most experimental album) or 'Ten' (their most accessible) after it, which is why this album is so important to get into<br />'Yield' starts off with the punk rock song, 'Brain of J', then moves into 'Faithful', an anti-religious catchy sing-a-long song, then 'No Way' which slows down the album, before speeding back up into the Zeppelin influenced 'Given to Fly'...<br />Then 'Wishlist' comes along, the radio staple which I'm sure you've heard by now...soon after, the explosive politically charged 'Do the Evolution' comes charging in before the album has a chance to slow down too much<br />Actually This album doesn't let up at all from beginning to the end - no reason to analyze every song, 'cus it keeps your ears &amp; mind tied into it, &amp; at the same time, Eddie &amp; Pearl Jam keep their charming 'Vitalogy' type insanity along the way in songs such as 'Red Dot' &amp; 'Push me, Pull Me'... which forms into an album that in time will be one of your most cherished albums, if it isn't already, take my word for it, take everyones word for it<br />This is one of the most important Pearl Jam albums &amp; should be one of the first you get
B000002KY8|5.0|Prince, barely in his 20's, recorded a cultural landmark in 1982, called \\"1999\\". It showed how genius could turn vulgarity into erotica, synthesizers into orchestral weapons, and weirdness into eccentricity. This double-album introduced his band, The Revolution, before they came out fully on his 1984 seminal album, \\"Purple Rain\\". But on this album, he's still a one-man band, mastering the synthesizers and the experimental Linn drum machine. The album also broke through his 1981 album, \\"Controversy\\", which was a backlashed and disappointing set. This double-album (now compact disc) is way too extended. There are only 11 songs, but some of the songs extend 6 or 9 minutes long. It's really not like a typical double album, having a range of musical styles or having far-reaching scopes. It's an album that has extended dance jams and ballads. The album opens up with the famous title track, \\"1999\\", a song about dancing through the night even as nuclear war erupts. The song has some killer drum and synthesizer work. The song is a classic. \\"Little Red Corvette\\" is a slow, bass-driven song with many liquid-type synthesizers being played throughtout the song. It's another one of those feel-good Prince classics. And it's true, Saturday night does make everything alright! \\"Delirious\\" has some catchy synthesizer hooks and killer drum beats (drum programming). The song, itself, has a cool melody. \\"Let's Pretend We're Married\\" is an upbeat explicit tune with non-stop computer drum beats. The drum patterns are mellow and the synth is crisp. On this song, his lyrics are downright, sexually explicit and really down-to-earth. The songs starts off nice and lust, and then the synthesizers and drums go into a long breakdown and the song gets too far into sex. What makes this song real surprising is the ending, when he's talking about God and the afterlife. Yes, the song is strange, but it's also brilliant. Then, after the 7-minute, \\"Let's Pretend We're Married\\" fades away, the 8-minute, \\"D.M.S.R\\" comes in. \\"D.M.S.R\\" is a funky, dance song with chunky synthesizer fills, repeated drums, and bloated, yet rhythmic guitars. The song sounds like a Morris Day cut. \\"Automatic\\" is a song that has many sex-laden lyrics and a funky beat. On this song, the synthesizer overlaps the drum beat, to show the listener how the beats fit together. \\"Something in the Water (Does Not Compute)\\" is an up-tempo, experimental tune that features a smooth non-stop drum beat. \\"Free\\" is a syrupy, political anthem, that has a somewhat spiritual vibe in it. \\"Lady Cab Driver\\" is an 8-minute, up-tempo tune that has Prince making some kind of sexual fantasy. It's really a notorious, electro-funk cut. \\"All The Critics Love U In New York\\" is a strange, upbeat tune that has Prince attacking the hipsters. \\"International Lover\\" is a slow, R&B cut with Prince having a passionate night with a lover in terms of flying an airliner (Prince International). The album, \\"1999\\", was probably one of the best releases to come out in 1982-83. It was not only Prince's first megahit, but it was his first masterwork. In my opinion, it laid the groundwork for his next classic, \\"Purple Rain\\". The one thing that shocked me the most about this album was that it didn't (and still doesn't) have any \\"parental advisory\\" sticker on the cover or anywhere on the album, with all the explicit themes some of the songs have. \\"1999\\" still remains one of the definitive statements of the 80's. Though, it's not the apex or pinnacle of Prince's career, it's still Prince at his best. Yes, \\"1999\\" is one of Prince's most experimental and self-indulgent works, but it's an ambitious and innovative classic. This is a 5-star must buy. A+
038073186X|5.0|Dennis Lehane is a master.  I started this book wondering if it could possibly be as good as Mystic River.  Most certainly, it is.  Edward (Teddy) Daniel and his partner, Chuck Aule, meet at the beginning of this book, on the boat to Shutter Island.  They are both U.S. Marshals, called to aid in the search of an escaped inmate at an institution for the criminally insane.  A hurricane hits.  The reader follows Teddy and the plot through twists and turns to a place that one would never suspect.  Along the way are several interesting characters, the least of which is Dr. Cawley.  Is he what he seems?  Is he conducting evil experiments in the light house, or is he a compassionate psychiatrist? Lehane takes you on a wild ride.  Just when it seems the end must be in sight, another hairpin turn leaves you rocketing down a three story drop with your heart in your mouth.<br />Don't wait until everyone else has read it and told you about it.  Read it now, before someone spoils the ending for you.
0553382179|5.0|I have been a Flybaby for well over a year, and I have to honestly say, this is the BEST book on organizing and reducing your stress level that I have seen. My life is so much more peaceful now. I am still flinging away, but the difference is absolutely amazing. I have always been messy and figured that it was my lot in life - well, right now my house is cleaner and better organized than my Born Organized Mother's!    This program, nay, lifestyle change is something for EVERYONE. I really can't stress that enough. It doesn't matter who you are - Stay at home, payroll, or single parent; a single adult with no children, or a child or teen - this book will help you in ways you don't expect. I wish I had this book in my teen years! My Dear Boyfriend is now a devoted Fly-guy and has been flinging with me as well. Are things perfect? Nope. Do I want them to be? Not a chance! I am not perfect, I'm human and for the first time I realize that I don't have to be Perfect! There is such a thing as &quot;good enough&quot; and there is nothing wrong with that! What a revelation, and what a relief.    To those who have may have read that some folks consider this a type of &quot;Stepford Wife&quot; thing - I urge you to read Levin's book and Marla's and compare them. A Stepford Wife does nothing but clean - wax the floor, scrub the cabinets, etc. Marla tells us NOT to clean nonstop - or to focus only on cleaning. I bless my home (clean) for 15 minutes each weekday - yes, you read it correctly, 15 minutes 5 times a week -- that's it. My home is cleaner than I ever expected, and I have more time for things I like to do. I go hiking, embroider, attend a book club, and I'm a member of the SCA (medieval re-creation). I am definitely not a Stepford Wife - I actually leave the house to go somewhere besides the store.    Marla's system enables me to have a life, and it's one I really enjoy.
B0000AUHOH|3.0|Any Star Trek fan is well aware of the place Star Trek 5 has occupied in the film series. Most people avoid it and try not to look directly at it, for fear of turning into a pillar of salt. But is it really that bad?<br />Yes and no. If you watch some of the special features and watch the film, you'll see some of the aims were noble and even achieved. Shatner and Bennett mention trying to stay true to the original series by exploring the emotional core of Spock, Kirk and McCoy. They also try the tried-and-true formula of commenting on the human condition by asking a deeper question about humanity within the framework of science fiction. <br />That, of course, what makes this film so uneven. The moments focusing on Spock, Kirk &amp; McCoy are the film's strongest -- informed with an easy sentimentality and nostalgia but underscoring the long-standing friendship of the characters and chemistry of the actors. McCoy's wit is at its sharpest in this film. These moments are worth the time. <br />But the larger question about God is where the movie stumbles. For many, the memory of this movie and plot is summed up in the line, &quot;What does God need with a starship?&quot; It's one of those cringe-inducing lines that even Laurence Olivier would have trouble lending any measure of credibility to. Shatner does the best he can within the constraints of character, time, budget, etc. and the result, unfortunately, doesn't work.<br />According to the special features, this movie was plagued by budget and time shortfalls as well as an effects house that might not have been up to the task. Shatner's commentary repeatedly mentions time and money shortfalls. Is it possible that this hurt the quality of the film? Most likely. The script called for so many new and huge sets that it seems to have put a crimp in the budget for the actual filming. Unfortunately for us, that's the part that we're going to notice.<br />If you're a die-hard Trek fan, you should pick this up. It is a betterissue than the original, and the special features are fairly enlightening (the deleted &quot;Rock Man&quot; test footage and storyboards are interesting). However, for everyone else, this is a rental at most -- and if you're not a hardcore fan of the series, probably one to be avoided. <br />My major disappointment with this set was that it didn't probe deep enough into the question of &quot;What went wrong?&quot; It has the appearance of being a defense of the film while making some concessions, and not going deep enough. It's quite likely that asking these questions and pushing for answers would have burned bridges that the franchise can't afford to burn, which is understandable. However, it ends up suffering from the same syndrome as the movie itself: Well-intentioned but falling short in the execution.
1400032717|4.0|Haddon's debut novel is a stunningly sharp read that takes us into the world of autism and he succeeds with flying colors. Written in a simplistic,straight-forward style,we're given privy into the mind of our &quot;tragic&quot;hero, Christopher,a 15 year old autistic lad who loves math,logic,order and animals.However,he hates to be touched,the colors yellow and brown,does not like strangers,being in new environments or situations and has no understanding of human emotion. When Wellington,a neighbor's dog, is killed, Christopher immediately takes it upon himself to find out who the perpetrator is and in the process&quot;write a proper murder mystey novel&quot;. What starts as a simple whodunit turns quickly into a journey of random proportions for a boy who doesn't nor can understand disorder.  For those who're looking for a straight forward mystery from cover to cover will be somewhat disappointed. However,if you want a book that is touching ,filled with black humor and has a unique first-person perspective not ever seen in recent modern literature,then you definitely must pick this one up.
B00003CXB2|5.0|This is David Lean's greatest film, a masterpiece of historical cinema that includes breathtaking photography and acting performances for the ages. Lean seems to have wanted to tell us, in 1962, where the world was and why it was there. This was the middle of the Cold War, Israel was beginning to become a major international issue, and oil in the Middle East was an overriding concern. Still, \\"Lawrence\\" does not make the attempt to educate through a lot of exposition, dialogue or otherwise. There is little reference to the fact that this all occurs duing World War I, or what was known at the time as The Great War.<br />Lean assumes the audience, then (and now) knows the history, but it is worth putting it in perspective. World War I broke out in 1914 on two fronts, with the Germans invading France through Belgium and fighting the British and French, while establishing a Russian Front against the Tsar. The Middle East is almost totally controlled by Turkey, which for centuries has dominated through its Ottoman Empire. They are a secular empire, although Islamic by far. The Ottoman has a loose affiliation with the Austro-Hungarian Empire, which controls Germanic states and the Balkans, and through natural identity is allied with Germany.<br />Turkey hitches its wagon to Germany and becomes the third wheel of the Central Powers. They believe Germany will win and Democracy will not. Oil is just beginning to become a huge political issue in the region as the car and the airplane are now commonplace. Turkey sees a chance to create hegemony with a Germanic Empire by consolidating power through the steppes, the backdoor from Turkey (the old Byzantine Empire) into Eastern Europe and Russia. A squeeze play, if you will. This is the third front.<br />Winston Churchill is in charge of the British Navy and sees the Turkish intent. He decides to counteract it early via an amphibious invasion at Gallipoli in the Dardanelles. It is a disaster of total proportion, and explains why Winston was on the outs until he was made a last ditch hope against Hitler 25 years later. Turkey expands through the Armenia and a genocide occurs of Holocaust proportions.<br />England establishes a military presence in the Arab lands, but their only hope is to create reargaurd action against Turkey. In this inhospitable place, in an age of poor communications, the only way to gain ground is to coalese with the local Arabs who hate the Turks. <br />Enter T.E. Lawrence, bastard son of an English nobleman, Oxford educated, fluent in Arabic with a natural love and affiliation with these people. He is also an engineer and knows how to blow up bridges and rairoads, the best way to disrupt the Turks.<br />Lawrence is sent on a wild goose chase into the desert to liaison with King Feisal in what is now Iraq. He organizes tribes into fighting units and does great damage to the Turks, forcing them to deal with this rear action. In a move that rivals MacArthur's Inchon campaign, he leads his tribal army across the Nefu Desert to the port of Aquaba, bluffing the Arabs into believing \\"there is gold in Aquaba.\\" The Turks have 12-inch guns pointed at the sea, curtailing Naval hopes, and are completely surprised by an infantry attack from the forbidding desert. Aquaba is taken, which now allows the Brits to push on Jerusalemn, just down the coast.<br />This all has two major effects. It is the beginning of the end for Turkey as they begin to lose the war, but it also coalesces the Arabs from tribes to a single political peoples. Lawrence is a publicity-hound and given huge credit for all of it, but subsequent study shows much is P.R. Still, he has genuine love for Arabs. Stories of his derring-do are part of America's entrance into the fight.<br />Eventually, the war is won and now Britain controls the Middle East. They desire to hand control to the Arabs, but the Arabs simply are not organized or modern enough to handle this new world. The Brits must stay, which of course causesgreat local consternation. What bungles it more is the Sykes-Picot Treaty, which gives France, who did not fight in the region, much control of the region in a \\"victor go the spoils\\" move. They get Lebanon, Syria, are in Algeria, Morocco, and history tells us they screwed up the region so much that they are deserving of the lion's share of blame for what has happened there since.<br />England stayed for decades but eventually de-colonization before and after WWII gave countries back, often to monarchies. France with their Foreign Legion stays and creates enemies. Revolutions ocurred and the monarchies were upended in favor of despots in league with Communists, and after the Cold War they morphed into Islamic Fascism.<br />Lean seems to want to create the \\"impression\\" that British political decisions were not favorable to the Arabs, but he does show that the locals were not prepared to handle this responsibility. In truth, Lawrence was sent to Versailles to prepresent the Arabs and walked out in disgust. Oil and land were simply to important to leave to the tribes. The influx of Jews to Palestine in the 1920s and '30s further added to the cauldron.<br />This film is a very instructive historical piece. It could not be made today, as theatres would sell tickets to part one and part two separately for the four-hour extravaganza. Also, I believe I count only two women in the entire film, a couple of extras at a tribal feast. Today's film execs would scream for a love story and sex.<br />Peter O'Toole demonstrates a fey Lawrence, leaving the question of homosexuality. He has two fawning assistants, Arab boys who are devoted to him. Who knows? Lawrence's actual sexual identity has never been solved, but it is entirely possibly he was gay.<br />One thing for sure, he was brilliant and charismatic.<br />STEVEN TRAVERS<BR>(...)
0385336810|5.0|I picked this book up to take on vacation with me a couple of weeks ago.  I had not yet read the Shopaholic series, but I was intrigued and thought I'd give Kinsella a try (of course I have now read her other books and they are great too!).... I loved this book so much, I couldn't put it down!  I have recommended it to every woman I know.  It is funny, mortifying, and terribly romantic at the same time!  Definitely give this book a try!
B0001JXQEM|5.0|i think<BR>not a lot<BR>but this one thing<BR>i hope its what you want of me<BR>about this cd<BR>which you have considered<BR>it makes me happy<BR>i think it will<BR>make you<BR>happy too.<BR>please buy me! (says the cd)
B000002HRE|2.0|This is albums starts out with about 3 or 4 really cool songs but then goes downhill from there.The only good songs on it are the ones they play on the radio.And Unforgiven 2 was never a big hit because it SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!I think this is a waste of money to buy an album with only 3 or 4 decent songs.What happened to making great albums like Master Of Puppets,And Justice For All and The Black Album?
0060922583|3.0|Ok, the book is really great, first of all.  It has just countless paranormal experiences and explains them using the &quot;holographic universe&quot; point of view.  Great idea, awesome analogy, and amazing stories...<br />One story in particular just blew my mind.  On page 150 (soft cover), it talks about this guy, Sai Baba.  The book claims Sai Baba could actually create any object he wanted and it would flow from his hands.  It spent 4 pages on stuff Sai Baba has done, and how it's been confirmed.  This intrigued me so much, I did a simple Google on &quot;Sai Baba&quot;.  After maybe 5 minutes of research, I found a website that had videos of Sai Baba producing random objects, and the videos were SOLID PROOF that Sai Baba is a fake.  Not only a magician, but a terriable magician!<br />The book presented his knowledge with such enthusiasm that I believed it.  Only after some basic research did I realize it wasn't true.  It seems like the author didn't set his skepticism level high enough, and just took ANY paranormal story he could get his hands on, and printed it in his own &quot;hologram&quot; perspective to try and prove his point.  I feel very cheated!  What other stories in the book are completely false, I wonder?<br />Overall: awesome idea of reality, and mind blowing, but c'mon!  How hard is it to do some basic research?
B000001Y5X|3.0|To say this is a shocking album is somewhat of an understatement.From the sexually disturbing Cake And Sodomy to the self loathing Get Your Gunn to the Charles Manson inspired My Monkey this is pretty serious stuff.I still think Smells Like Children is a much better buy though because the versions of the songs that are on this one are better plus it has 3 really intense cover songs.Still this is pretty cool for a debut.I wouldnt buy it until you have his other ones though.
B00006FDCJ|5.0|This western directed by Clint Eastwood is truly one of the greats.  The story develops slowly,  the viewer learning in small bits about the main character William Munny.  The subtlety of the movie is its greatest strength.  Gene Hackman is incredible as the town Sheriff and won a well deserved Academy Award.  Eastwood also won a much deserved Academy Award for best director. <br />     If you like westerns this one is for you.  Its a classic.
B000001Y5X|1.0|Dont get me wrong I really liked all of Marilyn's other cds but I thought this one was just plain ridiculous.I have to admit Get Your Gunn is great all the other ones are just filler though.Dont buy this if you like decent music.
B00005JMUA|4.0|I'll have to agree with the reviewer who said that he liked the first one. This second film had significantly less action and less depth of story. The action scenes were anti-climatic and the story seemed to rush along. I guess the loose ends were finally brought together. Great performances by Caradine and Thurman though and we finally found out why Bill wanted to kill the Bride. Of course I think that one should see the first film before seeing this one. As sequels this film was pretty good, I wasn't disappointed.
B00000AFGM|5.0|This was a change of pace for Marilyn Manson after the heavy metal goth of Smells Like Children and Antichrist Superstar.And its also in my opinion his greatest work.Well actually the band's greatest work because hed be nowhere without John 5,Madonna Wayne Gacy,Ginger Fish and especially Twiggy Ramirez.I think Marilyn's best vocal work is on here and to me the riffs have never been better than on this album.He toned the lyrical content down on most of the songs but some are still pretty dark and disturbing material.I think this is a must have for anyone who likes a combination of hard rock and glam.
B00005JMEW|5.0|This film was absolutely a trip down memory lane. If this was a western it would more than likely be a spaghetti western. In fact the second film Vol.2 has a track from THE GOOD THE BAD AND THE UGLY. I noticed the influence of old kung fu and spaghetti western films. This was an example of excellent film making and you can tell that Quentin put his heart in this piece of cinematic greatness. Of course the film is ultra-violent and you shouldn't let kids see it.
B00005R62K|5.0|This is one of those classic albums that will stand the test of time. Although it was before their best years, Judas Priest show their great talent on this excellent album. 'Better By You, Better Than Me' is a very controversial song, but I think that all that stuff about the song promoting suicide is a load of garbage. Don't believe it. But anyway, this is really a classic album and it figures among their top ones.
B0000931QR|1.0|The cd is BORING. In simple words, there is no meaning to listen to this music. I was really expecting good music from them, but I was totally dissapointed. PLEASE listen to it before buying the CD. I assure you that you WONT BUY IT. ALL THE SONGS SOUND THE SAME. IT IS SO PLAIN AND SIMPLE.
0385336810|5.0|This book is hilarious! Emma Corrigan lives with her two flatmates, Lissy and Jemima. She spills all her secrets on a plane to an American stranger who ends up being the founder of the company where she works! His name is Jack Harper. He's cute, smart, and rich. He teases Emma about some things, and they fall in love. Then, on a television interview, Jack Harper spills all Emma's secrets while he's describing a &quot;nothing-special girl&quot;. Big mistake! See what happens in this fun, fun, and even more fun tale of Emma Corrigan!
B00005R2M3|1.0|Her English is really bad. I dont know why she did a crossover. All she is known for is for her BELLY DANCE MOVES. THE REST IS DULL STUFF. Her voice is AWFUL. She does not put feeling into the songs. NO WONDER SHE FAILED WITH THIS ALBUM. DONT BUY THIS. IT IS NOT WORTH IT.
B00005JMCW|2.0|Freak out is right, Disney has recently been making mostly re-makes of live action movies, and while tat, the animated studios of Disney are making sequels out of classic animated movies, and the orginal animated movies, they are bringing out, will never leave up to the classic animated movies, of 30's, 40's, 50's 60, 80's and up to the middle of the 90's. Clearly it seems to me, that Disney is running out of ideas. Though I do have to amit, they had a good live action movie in the 2004, &quot;Miracle&quot;. As the movie opens, a new school year as started for teenager Anna (Lindsay Lohan), and she is failing English, and she ends up in 2 dententions in 1 day. She is also abusive to her little brother ((Ryan Malgarini), and performs with her band in a garage. But when her mom Psychologist Dr. Tess Coleman (Jamie Lee Curtis) finds out that she is failing English, and had 2 dentions, she takes away Anna's door to her bedroom. And she is about to get married to fiance Ryan (Mark Harmon). And when Anna and her band gets a last minute addition at the House of Blues, Anna has to get permission from her mom to attent the addtiton, because it is the next day, during the refreshal, that she has to be at, and she is her mom's maid of honor. And when an employee (Lucille Soong) 2 fortune cookies, and wake up the next day, and Anna is in hjer mother's body, and Tessa is in Ana's body, and the come up with a plan not to tell anybody, and Tessa (Anna) goes to school, and Ana (Tessa) goes to work, they agree to meet at 11:45 A.M. sharp, to go back to the resatuarnt, to see if she can get them back in the right bodies. Truely the song for Disney is &quot;Oops I did it again&quot;.
B000294SFW|5.0|I warn you not to be cruising down the road while listening to this album.You'll have a cross country police chase on your hands!But it would be worth it,because this album just rocks! GO LEMMY!
B0001LJCPC|5.0|A lot of people here were asking about the song that plays while Bill is talking to Budd is his trailer.  That song, which does not appear on the soundtrack, is &quot;Dies Irae&quot; by composer Nora Orlandi.  The song originally appeared in the 1972 Edwige Fenech giallo titled 'The Strange Vice of Mrs. Wardh'.  It can be found on a CD compilation of Nora Orlandi and Alessandro Alessandroni called 'Music for Strange Situations'.<br />Hope that helps!  It's a gorgeous song!
B0001FR3IQ|4.0|i liked this movie a lot! its really different and errie! <br />Grey works in a psyactric ward. One night she encounters a ghoast and when she wakes up, she is in the ward and is told she killed her husband but has no memory of it. The ghost she met still haunts her while she stays in the ward. Grey has to find out what was happenign to her and why she killed her husband and clear her name.<br />great little twists and a very good story...i dont understand why critics didnt like this one...yea its horror but its not gory horror...is classy...and VERY good.
1573228737|3.0|I like Sarah Waters -- her writing is lovely and her characters are well-developed and interesting. Her ability to evoke 19th century England is fine and she sets the mood, often dark and eerie, rather well. This is a good book, and, like Fingersmith, contains a twist. It's not as interesting as Fingersmith, however; the story isn't as compelling, nor are the characters, and the twist isn't that surprising (the twist in Fingersmith literally made me yelp!). It is a tad slow as well. It's worth the read, but if read after Fingersmith this may disappoint a bit.
B00005JL96|5.0|great movie about a girl who is about to be taken away from her sister after their parents are killed and an alien is exiled to earth and she finds him and takes him in and he causes rampage all over the city and town.<br />this is such a funny movie! it can keep anyone laughing and the visuals and colors and music are amazing! most of the music is elvis so...its gonna be a great score! <br />anyone can enjoy this movie!
B000005RFI|5.0|Paranoid was not only Black Sabbath's most popular record (it was a number one smash in the U.K., and &quot;Paranoid&quot; and &quot;Iron Man&quot; both scraped the U.S. charts despite virtually nonexistent radio play), it also stands as one of the greatest and most influential heavy metal albums of all time. Paranoid refined Black Sabbath's signature sound -- crushingly loud, minor-key dirges loosely based on heavy blues-rock -- and applied it to a newly consistent set of songs with utterly memorable riffs, most of which now rank as all-time metal classics. Where the extended, multi-sectioned songs on the debut sometimes felt like aimless jams, their counterparts on Paranoid have been given focus and direction, lending an epic drama to now-standards like &quot;War Pigs&quot; and &quot;Iron Man&quot; (which sports one of the most immediately identifiable riffs in metal history). The subject matter is unrelentingly, obsessively dark, covering both supernatural/sci-fi horrors and the real-life traumas of death, war, nuclear annihilation, mental illness, drug hallucinations, and narcotic abuse. Yet Sabbath makes it totally convincing, thanks to the crawling, muddled bleakness and bad-trip depression evoked so frighteningly well by their music. Even the qualities that made critics deplore the album (and the group) for years increase the overall effect -- the technical simplicity of Ozzy Osbourne's vocals and Tony Iommi's lead guitar vocabulary; the spots when the lyrics sink into melodrama or awkwardness; the lack of subtlety and the infrequent dynamic contrast. Everything adds up to more than the sum of its parts, as though the anxieties behind the music simply demanded that the band achieve catharsis by steamrolling everything in its path, including its own limitations. Monolithic and primally powerful, Paranoid defined the sound and style of heavy metal more than any other record in rock history.
B0001CCXY8|1.0|I can't understand how people that love deathmetal be into this crap...Cannibal corpse is one of the most horrible bands to ever come out.Let me explain why? First, All the talk about is idiotic subjects like eating others and raping girls which shows that they can't get any if they tried---stupid album cover trying to look scary and disturbing but insted they look realy dumb! All of cc's songs sound the same over & over and both Fisher and Chris barnes are two of the most horrible vocalist in deathmetal todate without a doubt in my mind. The production  terrible, lyrics cheesy,sound boring & repetetive and album cover childish & pretty damn gay.For good deathmetal stick with , vomitory,immolation,skinless,hateeternal,mortician,fleshcraw,deeds of flesh,krisiun,morbid angel, just to name a few who are much better and i enjoy listining to it insted of this trash we called crap corpse!Don't bother.
B000002J1U|5.0|On their first two albums, Led Zeppelin unleashed a relentless barrage of heavy blues and rockabilly riffs, but Led Zeppelin III provided the band with the necessary room to grow musically. While there are still a handful of metallic rockers, III is built on a folky, acoustic foundation which gives the music extra depth. And even the rockers aren't as straightforward as before: The galloping &quot;Immigrant Song&quot; is powered by Plant's banshee wail, &quot;Celebration Day&quot; turns blues-rock inside out with a warped slide guitar riff, and &quot;Out on the Tiles&quot; lumbers along with a tricky, multi-part riff. Nevertheless, the heart of the album lies on the second side, when the band delve deeply into English folk. &quot;Gallows Pole&quot; updates a traditional tune with a menacing flair, and &quot;Bron-Y-Aur Stomp&quot; is an infectious acoustic romp, while &quot;That's the Way&quot; and &quot;Tangerine&quot; are shimmering songs with graceful country flourishes. The band haven't left the blues behind, but the twisted bottleneck blues of &quot;Hats Off To (Roy) Harper&quot; actually outstrips the epic &quot;Since I've Been Loving You,&quot; which is the only time Zeppelin sound a bit set in their ways.
B000005HLV|1.0|The worse form of metal to me  is thrash and blackmetal only bands that passes as af as thrash is carnal forge and the haunted and blackmetal well...None! Mayhem 's sound is dumb and pointless just like the rest of its peers and surely it gets realy old so don't bother.Black metal sucks period! Even emperor blows.
B000002J03|5.0|Recorded quickly during Led Zeppelin's first American tours, Led Zeppelin II provided the blueprint for all the heavy metal bands that followed it. Since the group could only enter the studio for brief amounts of time, most of the songs that compose II are reworked blues and rock &amp; roll standards that the band were performing onstage at the time. Not only did the short amount of time result in a lack of original material, it made the sound more direct. Jimmy Page still provided layers of guitar overdubs, but the overall sound of the album is heavy and hard, brutal and direct. &quot;Whole Lotta Love,&quot; &quot;The Lemon Song,&quot; and &quot;Bring It on Home&quot; are all based on classic blues songs -- only, the riffs are simpler and louder and each song has an extended section for instrumental solos. Of the remaining six songs, two sport light acoustic touches (&quot;Thank You,&quot; &quot;Ramble On&quot;), but the other four are straight-ahead heavy rock that follow the formula of the revamped blues songs. While Led Zeppelin II doesn't have the eclecticism of the group's debut, it's arguably more influential. After all, nearly every one of the hundreds of Zeppelin imitators used this record, with its lack of dynamics and its pummeling riffs, as a blueprint
B000003TA4|1.0|Think Nirvana really were the &quot;saviors&quot; of music? Well, they might have been for jock rock, but because of them, they've managed to stamp out all forms of creative music. Now all we're left with is a bunch of misogyny sent over the radiowaves. Kurt and company have definitely had a negative impact on music in the past 13 years. Here's some classic bands/artists/rappers' albums and singles you're not likely to hear ever again because of Nirvana (that is, if you're old enough to remember them at all)...  <br />Kris Kross &quot;Gonna Make You Jump&quot; (single)<BR>Basement Jaxx &quot;Rooty&quot;<BR>C+C Music Factory &quot;Gonna Make You Sweat&quot;<BR>Ace of Base &quot;The Sign&quot;<BR>Nine Inch Nails &quot;Pretty Hate Machine&quot;<BR>The Real McCoy &quot;Another Night&quot;<BR>Coolio &quot;Gangsta's Paradise&quot; (single)<BR>Fun Lovin' Criminals &quot;Come Find Yourself&quot;<BR>Technotronic &quot;Pump Up the Jam&quot;<BR>Cypress Hill &quot;Insane in the Membrane&quot; (single)<br />Go listen to your Good Charlotte and sulk about how you can't get a rid to the mall, you Nirvanites!
B000002JSP|3.0|Somewhere between Presence and In Through the Out Door, disco, punk, and new wave had overtaken rock &amp; roll, and Led Zeppelin chose to tentatively embrace these pop revolutions, adding synthesizers to the mix and emphasizing John Bonham's inherent way with a groove. The album's opening number, &quot;In the Evening,&quot; with its stomping rhythms and heavy, staggered riffs, suggests that the band haven't deviated from their course, but by the time the rolling shuffle of &quot;South Bound Suarez&quot; kicks into gear, it's apparent that they've regained their sense of humor. After &quot;South Bound Suarez,&quot; the group try a variety of styles, whether it's an overdriven homage to Bakersfield County called &quot;Hot Dog,&quot; the layered, Latin-tinged percussion and pianos of &quot;Fool in the Rain,&quot; or the slickly seductive ballad &quot;All My Love.&quot; &quot;Carouselambra,&quot; a lurching, self-consciously ambitious synth-driven number, and the slow blues &quot;I'm Gonna Crawl&quot; aren't quite as impressive as the rest of the album, but the record was a graceful way to close to their career, even if it wasn't intended as the final chapter
B000059XUO|5.0|Brandon Lee plays Eric Draven in this story of revenge and justice. Eric Draven and his fiancee are alone on &quot;Devil's Night&quot; which has been named that because of the crime and arson that goes on in the city. Devil's Night takes place on the night before Halloween. Eric and his fiancee are interrupted by a group of thugs that rape and kill Eric's fiancee in front of him, and then proceed to kill him. Now the idea of The Crow is this; when a person dies, a crow carries their soul to the afterlife, but sometimes the crow will bring the person back for unfinished business. Guided by the crow, Draven returns to exact revenge on those responsible for the rape and murders, and he targets each and every person involved. He returns as a tortured soul, bent on revenge for taking the life that he and his fiancee Shelly wanted to live, a life that was taken from them for no reason.Along the way Eric is helped by Sargeant Albrecht, who is the only one who truly cared about bringing the killers to justice. Every time Eric kills one, the task at hand gets harder as he gets to the source of the evil. <br />This is a superb film, perfect in every way in my opinion. It is dark, graphic and I would even go so far to call this a true masterpiece of American cinema. Brandon Lee plays his role with a passion, truly giving the dark feel of this film and the message behind it. It really is a shame that he died, I think he would have been a great actor. But this is his legacy, and it is a great legacy to leave behind. I have not seen the 2 sequels yet, but I am fairly certain this is the best one. I encourage you to see this movie if you haven't already.<br />The dvd itself is packed with extras that take an interesting behind-the-scenes look at the film as well as other things. The movie really sounds great turned way up on a surround system, and the picture quality is great.I should also mention the soundtrack to the movie, which is one of the best I have ever heard. Seeing thiswill make you want to buy the soundtrack, it is just that cool. My only regret about this movie is that I didnt see it sooner. So I have given my opinion, and I really recommend that you see this movie. If it isn't considered one already, it will go down as a true classic in cinema for the rest of time.
B000002J0B|5.0|Houses of the Holy follows the same basic pattern as Led Zeppelin IV, but the approach is looser and more relaxed. Jimmy Page's riffs rely on ringing, folky hooks as much as they do on thundering blues-rock, giving the album a lighter, more open atmosphere. While the pseudo-reggae of &quot;D'Yer Mak'er&quot; and the affectionate James Brown send-up &quot;The Crunge&quot; suggest that the band were searching for material, they actually contribute to the musical diversity of the album. &quot;The Rain Song&quot; is one of Zep's finest moments, featuring a soaring string arrangement and a gentle, aching melody. &quot;The Ocean&quot; is just as good, starting with a heavy, funky guitar groove before slamming into an a cappella section and ending with a swinging, doo-wop-flavored rave-up. With the exception of the rampaging opening number, &quot;The Song Remains the Same,&quot; the rest of Houses of the Holy is fairly straightforward, ranging from the foreboding &quot;No Quarter&quot; and the strutting hard rock of &quot;Dancing Days&quot; to the epic folk/metal fusion &quot;Over the Hills and Far Away.&quot; Throughout the record, the band's playing is excellent, making the eclecticism of Page and Plant's songwriting sound coherent and natural
B00005LKHW|4.0|American Pie is a great comedy depicting the true situations teenagers face everyday. The concept of the movie is not original, as there are many movies like this. But this one is the best of them all. Four friends, Jim, Finch, Oz and Kevin make a pact to get laid before graduation and the things that ensue are hilarious. It is viewed by some as immature and grossly stupid at times, but that is the charm of this movie. Right away when we see Jim get caught with the tubesock, it becomes evident that he will be the one that happens to end up in the most embarrasing situations. What is so funny about this movie is the way teen life is depicted. Nothing fake about it. Teens are concerned with parties, sex and other things, and this captures a pretty good picture of what it is like being a teenager growing up. After you see this you will have it stuck in your head. Say what you will about it being immature, but it is guaranteed to keep you laughing as you follow the lives of average teenagers that just want to get laid.
B00008OWZC|4.0|For years, Led Zeppelin fans complained that there was one missing item in the group's catalog: a good live album. It's not that there weren't live albums to be had. The Song Remains the Same, of course, was a soundtrack of a live performance, but it was a choppy, uneven performance, lacking the majesty of the group at its peak. BBC Sessions was an excellent, comprehensive double-disc set of their live radio sessions, necessary for any Zeppelin collection (particularly because it contained three songs, all covers, never recorded anywhere else), but some carped that the music suffered from not being taped in front of a large audience, which is how they built their legacy -- or, in the parlance of this triple-disc collection of previously unreleased live recordings compiled by Jimmy Page, How the West Was Won. The West in this case is the West Coast of California, since this contains selections from two 1972 concerts in Los Angeles: a show at the LA Forum on June 25, and one two days later at Long Beach Arena. This is the first archival release of live recordings of Zeppelin at their peak and while the wait has been nigh on interminable, the end result is certainly worth the wait. Both of these shows have been heavily bootlegged for years and while those same bootleggers may be frustrated by the sequencing that swaps the two shows interchangeably (they always prefer full shows wherever possible), by picking the best of the two nights, Page has assembled a killer live album that captures the full, majestic sweep of Zeppelin at their glorious peak. And, make no mistake, he tries to shove everything into these three discs -- tight, furious blasts of energy; gonzo freak-outs; blues; and rock, a sparkling acoustic set. Like always, the very long numbers -- the 25-minute \\"Dazed and Confused,\\" the 23-minute \\"Whole Lotta Love,\\" the 19-minute \\"Moby Dick\\" -- are alternately fascinating and indulgent, yet even when they meander, there is a real sense of grandeur, achieving a cinematic scale attempted by few of their peers (certainly no other hard rock or metal band could be this grand; only Queen or David Bowie truly attempted this). But the real power of the band comes through on the shorter songs, where their sound is distilled to its essence. In the studio, Zeppelin was all about subtle colors, textures, and shifts in the arrangement. On-stage, they were similarly epic, but they were looser, wilder, and hit harder; witness how \\"Black Dog\\" goes straight for the gut here, while the studio version escalates into a veritable guitar army -- it's the same song, but the song has not remained the same. That's the case throughout How the West Was Won, where songs that have grown overly familiar through years of play seem fresh and new because of these vigorous, muscular performances. For those who never got to see Zeppelin live, this -- or its accompanying two-DVD video set -- is as close as they'll ever get. For those who did see them live, this is a priceless souvenir. For either group, this is absolutely essential, as it is for anybody who really loves hard rock & roll. It doesn't get much better than this
B0001Z52RU|4.0|The Butterfly effect looked great from tv trailers, but going into the movie I didnt expect a blockbuster or anything. After all it does star Ashton Kutcher. Ashton gives a surprising performance in this movie though, and I left after watching this movie with the feeling that it earned every bit of the $7 it costed to see it.<br />Kutcher plays Evan, who ever since childhood has had blackouts for unknown reasons. Seeing a doctor for these blackouts, he starts to keep a journal of just about everything that goes on in his daily life. Evan comes to realize that through these journals he can change occurences from his childhood. Evan's decision to change something from the past always results in the consequence of somebody elses life being affected, usually in a way he never though would happen. It is a well though out movie, one that will keep you thinking about the changes that occur and what could have been done differently to avoid that situation. Critics didn't give this movie much of a chance but you should. I was entertained from start to finish, never with an ounce of boredom. I think the overall message here is that we cant really change anything for the better without changing something else for the worse. What's better for one person can have consequences on others around you. This is a non-stop movie that never lets up, and with great performances by Ashton Kutcher, Amy Smart and others I definately say see this movie. It will be released to dvd on July 6, and I know it is one movie I will be picking up that day.
B000002KB8|5.0|Black Sabbath's debut album is given over to lengthy songs and suite-like pieces where individual songs blur together and riffs pound away one after another, frequently under extended jams. There isn't much variety in tempo, mood, or the band's simple, blues-derived musical vocabulary, but that's not the point; Sabbath's slowed-down, murky guitar rock bludgeons the listener in an almost hallucinatory fashion, reveling in its own dazed, druggy state of consciousness. Songs like the apocalyptic title track, &quot;N.I.B.,&quot; and &quot;The Wizard&quot; make their obsessions with evil and black magic seem like more than just stereotypical heavy metal posturing because of the dim, suffocating musical atmosphere the band frames them in. This blueprint would be refined and occasionally elaborated upon over the band's next few albums, but there are plenty of metal classics already here
B0001NBMBC|5.0|this is their best cd yet, definitely a posotive turn-around. I think they make the correct &quot;next move&quot; as a nu metal band. You have to be able to understand how complicated their new stuff is, and it's the most creative of theirs yet. It's worth way more than what it's sold for.
B000002J09|5.0|Encompassing heavy metal, folk, pure rock &amp; roll, and blues, Led Zeppelin's untitled fourth album is a monolithic record, defining not only Led Zeppelin but the sound and style of '70s hard rock. Expanding on the breakthroughs of III, Zeppelin fuse their majestic hard rock with a mystical, rural English folk that gives the record an epic scope. Even at its most basic -- the muscular, traditionalist &quot;Rock &amp; Roll&quot; -- the album has a grand sense of drama, which is only deepened by Plant's burgeoning obsession with mythology, religion, and the occult. Plant's mysticism comes to a head on the eerie folk ballad &quot;The Battle of Evermore,&quot; a mandolin-driven song with haunting vocals from Sandy Denny, and on the epic &quot;Stairway to Heaven.&quot; Of all of Zeppelin's songs, &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; is the most famous, and not unjustly. Building from a simple fingerpicked acoustic guitar to a storming torrent of guitar riffs and solos, it encapsulates the entire album in one song. Which, of course, isn't discounting the rest of the album. &quot;Going to California&quot; is the group's best folk song, and the rockers are endlessly inventive, whether it's the complex, multi-layered &quot;Black Dog,&quot; the pounding hippie satire &quot;Misty Mountain Hop,&quot; or the funky riffs of &quot;Four Sticks.&quot; But the closer, &quot;When the Levee Breaks,&quot; is the one song truly equal to &quot;Stairway,&quot; helping give IV the feeling of an epic. An apocalyptic slice of urban blues, &quot;When the Levee Breaks&quot; is as forceful and frightening as Zeppelin ever got, and its seismic rhythms and layered dynamics illustrate why none of their imitators could ever equal them.
0783225482|5.0|The passage of time weighs upon us all: the loss of youth's energy, agility, beauty.  But let us say there is a potion, an elixir, \\"a touch of magic in a world obsessed with science.\\"  Drink it and you will be forever young.  Do not drink it and watch yourself rot away with old age.  Just such a potion falls into the hands of two women who are not only consumed with vanity but fierce rivals, determined to best each other no matter the cost.  Siempre Viva: Live Forever!  Whether you like it or not!<br /><br />With excellent performances, an invective-laced script, and remarkable special effects, DEATH BECOMES HER takes on several great philosophical and literary concepts--and subverts them into one of the most wickedly funny black comedies in recent memory, dishy, bitchy, mean spirited, and a tremendous amount of fun.  Film buffs will particularly relish this film, which references everything from THE ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW to THE WIZARD OF OZ and a host of classic horror films such as FRANKENSTEIN, THE MUMMY, and CAT PEOPLE--and also tacks in everything from Tennessee Williams plays to rock legend Jim Morrison for good measure.<br /><br />Unfortunately, the DVD release is commonplace, offering the film in pan-and-scan only.  To give the release its due, the shift from widescreen to pan-and-scan is expertly done and not in the least distracting--but still, a widescreen option for such a special effects heavy film would be preferred.  And while this would seem to be an ideal film for a making-of documentary, the DVD offers only a handful of production notes as bonus.  Even so, the film is so extremely well done that I wouldn't miss it on that account!  Recommended.<br /><br />GFT, Amazon Reviewer
B000002JSN|5.0|Led Zeppelin returned from a nearly two-year hiatus in 1975 with Physical Graffiti, a sprawling, ambitious double album. Zeppelin treats many of the songs on Physical Graffiti as forays into individual styles, only occasionally synthesizing sounds, notably on the tense, Eastern-influenced &quot;Kashmir.&quot; With John Paul Jones' galloping keyboard, &quot;Trampled Underfoot&quot; ranks as their funkiest metallic grind, while &quot;Houses of the Holy&quot; is as effervescent as pre-Beatles pop and &quot;Down By the Seaside&quot; is the closest they've come to country. Even the heavier blues -- the 11-minute &quot;In My Time of Dying,&quot; the tightly wound &quot;Custard Pie,&quot; and the monstrous epic &quot;The Rover&quot; -- are subtly shaded, even if they're thunderously loud. Most of these heavy rockers are isolated on the first album, with the second half of Physical Graffiti sounding a little like a scrap-heap of experiments, jams, acoustic workouts, and neo-covers. This may not be as consistent as the first platter, but its quirks are entirely welcome, not just because they encompass the mean, decadent &quot;Sick Again,&quot; but the heartbreaking &quot;Ten Years Gone&quot; and the utterly charming acoustic rock &amp; roll of &quot;Boogie With Stu&quot; and &quot;Black Country Woman.&quot; Yes, some of this could be labeled as filler, but like any great double album, its appeal lies in its great sprawl, since it captures elements of the band's personality rarely showcased elsewhere -- and even at its worst, Physical Graffiti towers above its hard rock peers of the mid-'70s.
B000002I7R|4.0|ok, i came to Zep late so I didn't have the comparison syndrome that so many others have.  As a purely solo debut is how I'd like to treat this, and it is one of my favorite albums.  Why only 4 stars then?  I find I don't listen to it that often.  My favorite track on here is &quot;Like I've Never Been Gone&quot;.  Oh yeah, Robbie Blunt is an incredible guitarist with the misfortune of having to impress Zepplin fans.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|An excellent film of loneliness and bittersweet longing.  Edward Hopper's Nighthawks cinematically writ large upon a Tokyo canvass.  Bill Murray turns in his best performance in a serious role but Scarlett Johansson absolutely makes the film.
B000002H33|5.0|this was the first metal album i purchased.......and i just wanted to say WOW this is truly a classic album from #1 to 8 classic back to back to back to back............what else can i say
6305079811|4.0|Many reviewers have focused on how fun this movie is.  Others have commented on Princess Aura who is...very fine indeed.  However, I enjoy the performance of Max von Sydow.  As Ming, he is perfect.  Max has a sneer that meets if not beats that of Harry Potter's Professor Snape.  Ming is amazing to the end...or did he end?
B00004Z4WQ|3.0|i thought it was very crude and disgusting, but kinda funny in a way. like, for example, i don't think that a guy shoving his penis through another guy's ear or someone taking a pic of a guys small penis is funny. but i think that a woman trying to get through a whole in a garage door is funny, lol. but i guess it was alright. i give it 3-1/2 stars
B0001XAPY2|5.0|I agree with the other reviewer who mentioned this was the favorite Miyazaki - I love Porco even more than the popular Mononke and Spirited Away.  You can't go wrong with any of this masters work - but Porco has beautiful aerial scenes, well-developed characters and the soundtrack is superb.  The detail in the planes and other mechanics can be more impressive artistically than nature-only scenes.<br />Although our protaganist is a man (okay, turned pig), Miyazaki's tradition of strong female characters continues in this film through with both the \\"love interest\\" and the marvelous plane mechanic.
B0000DYJM6|5.0|This double album sprawls with b-sides that wouldn't fit on albums, but are A-side quality. Disc one has all the rockers, standouts being &quot;Sad&quot;, &quot;Down&quot;, &quot;Gremmie Out Of Control&quot;, and of course who could not forget the concert essential &quot;Yellow Ledbetter!&quot;.<br />Disc two has the ballads on it. Beginning with a slow-burner &quot;Fatal&quot;, this disc features better songs than disc one in my opinion. These are classics that shouldn't be overlooked by all PJ lovers, &quot;Hard To Imagine&quot; is the song that makes this collection essential. &quot;Footsteps&quot;, &quot;Let Me Sleep&quot;, and &quot;Dead Man&quot; are all amazing ballads that would understandibly not fit on the albums<br />All of these songs were left off the albums most likely because they didn't fit in with the mood, and it's true, never have Pearl Jam sounded so upbeat, and funny even! on songs here, and also, never have they been so emotional as they are on the ballads here. If I could pick an album to truly define Pearl Jam, Lost Dogs would be the one that shows what the band is all about.
B0002234LS|3.0|This movie was so bizarre, it couldn't really easily be classified: horror, thriller, comedy, drama, action...it was  strange! Me and my mom were cracking up most of the time, not because of bad writing or acting, but just because it was hilarious! The line about waking up and &quot;finding your wife nailed to the garbage bin&quot;-said in a Mississippi accent was a scream. Depp was excellent, as always, as a neurotic grungy writer, but unfortunately couldn't carry this movie. When I say watching this was &quot;uncomfortable&quot; I mean that it never got scary, but sometimes I felt unsettled. The scene where he's upstairs thinking that Shooter was in his bathroom was one of these times. I did however, think the scene where we found out what was REALLY going on, was extremely well done. I recommend renting it,just for Depp, *could he be anymore handsome or talented?* But other than that, Shooter will get annoying, your interest will wear thin, and you won't really care what happens to his ex.
B000000OSO|5.0|I've been a fan of Aerosmith for about four years now, and this is the fourth album by them that I've heard. Amazing or not, I like them all. The band is a legend already, and I believe that they'll be remembered as one of the greatest bands. The have their own unique sound, which you either like or not. I like it.<BR>The album starts with Intro, a nice little piece of music. From thet we can smoothly move to Eat the Rich. The lyrics are fun, and this is a true Aerosmith rock song. After that comes the title song, Get A Grip. I have to warn you; someone burps loud at the very beginning of the song! Grip is another rock song, and Tyler's voice raises and raises in the &quot;I get so excited&quot; -part so that you'd think he'd explode any time. Fever comes after that; at first I didn't like the song, but then I got excited about it. Sounds to me a bit like Rolling Stones, and I also love Tyler's harmonica. Livin' On the Edge is probably the most famous song from this album, but it just doesn't chill me that much. Flesh is a bit like Fever, and once again we can hear the Demon Of Screaming at his best. This is a very energetic song. Walk On Down is Joe Perry saying &quot;Hey I have a good song too, let's put it on the album!&quot; I'm glad they listened to Joe as Walk On Down is easy-going but full of rock. Shut Up And Dance is one of my favorites, a rock song that makes you want to dance as they tell you to. And when you are tired after hard dancing, you can relax by listening to Cryin'. I like the song, but the live version on Little South Of Sanity is much better, it's a gem while this version sounds like a bad recording of a song that could have been better. The next song, Gotta Love It is my favourite. It rocks, has depth and power. It reminds me of Michael Jackson's Give In To Me (Dangerous, 1991), and if you like Give In... because of the song, not just because of Michael Jackson, you gotta love this song too (or other way round; if you like this you'll like Give In To Me). Crazy follows this song, another ballad which is pretty good. I'm just sad that they picked the ballads for singles, why not Flesh for example. But Aerosmith makes great ballads, so... you'll probably go crazy for this song. Line Up features Lenny Kravitz, but it's not the most interesting song in this album. Can't Stop Messin' became one of my favorites; at first I thought the beginning was too sudden, but now I can't get enough of it. Amazing, amazingly another famous slow ballad... good but don't listen to it too often so you won't get bored. Boogie Man comes silently from nowhere, stops by to float in your mind and after it has faded away it'll still float in your brain. Spooky.<BR>I don't want to say anything stupid like &quot;buy this cd&quot; or &quot;this is the best&quot; or &quot;vote for my review&quot; but I don't actually know what to say. Boogie Man is still filling my mind.
B000002LVB|5.0|This is a great album, but can anyone tell me why this isn't remastered like the first 3 VU albums?
B00000J7JO|4.0|I am not a Chili Peppers fan but this is one great album! I love the simple melodies and the powerful bass. My favorite song would have to be around the world but all are high quality. RHCP combine funk with rock and some aspects of rap, a very interesting blend. This album's only weakness is that the first six or seven songs are the best and the rest of the album does not support the firsat few songs. I find myself skipping some of the later tracks. This album is fun and interesting and I think it is a great introduction to RHCP's more recent sound.
B000286RZM|5.0|TWTD is a deliberate change from the recent 'Shadows Collide with People'. After doing a high-production record, John wanted to not worry as much about perfection or the technical side of writing and just make music that he loved. It's totally apparent from the very first song. The emotion just oozes out of every single song. Once again, no fillers on this album. Guitar is great, vocals are great, and the sound quality is at that perfect place, where it doesn't sound over-produced but it is still really easy to listen to.<br />John really lets me voice out on this album. His voice is just plain amazing. And certain tracks isolate his voice on one side or speaker, so if you have good headphones like I do you can really hear just how great he is.<br />If you are a fan of any of JF's music, get this. You can't live without it. It really reminds me of his earlier stuff(minus the druggy screaming, but with all of that emotion). If you aren't a current fan, pick it up if you want to experience music, and not just listen to it. Great vocals, great guitar, great writing. Almost every single song sends a shiver up my spine. Fantastic CD, and I can't wait for the next one.
B00020HEG6|5.0|You don't need to be a hardcore Harry Potter fan to love this film score.  If you are, then it's a great collector's item to have.<br />The music for the first film was amazing -- as was to be expected of John Williams.  The mood of the score fit the movie perfectly.  You can mostly say the same for the score of the second movie, and even though there were some variations and one or two new themes, it was still a little bit disappointing to discover that it was basically the first score rewritten.<br />However, the -third- score, for Prisoner of Azkaban, left me completely speechless.  I was one of those people who were hesitant to preorder this soundtrack because I was afraid it would only be another variation of the first film score.  Despite being a big Potter fan, I didn't want to waste my money purchasing seven near-identical soundtracks.  So I decided to wait until I saw the movie.  The moment I returned home from the film, I purchased the soundtrack.<br />It is absolutely amazing how Williams has twisted it around and still kept the main themes.  He adds in a choir, which is annoying for book-purists, but a lovely addition for film score enthusiasts like myself.  The song the choir sings, &quot;Double Trouble,&quot; is a cousin of &quot;Hedwig's Theme,&quot; which links the major themes together very well.  The rest of the soundtrack is based off the medieval and dark tone that &quot;Double Trouble&quot; sets.  This ominous tone perfectly matches the way the Harry Potter stories begin to darken in the third book, with things such as the introduction of the Dementors, and Harry's past unveiled even more.<BR>Williams also adds more flavor to the score by using jazz styles, like in the track for the Knight Bus (which was incredibly well-written, and suited the scene extremely well), and then some classical flairs like in Aunt Marge's waltz (a very beautifully done piece).<br />I think my favorite track is probably &quot;A Window To The Past,&quot; although it'sreally very difficult to say when there are so many amazing tracks.  &quot;A Window To The Past&quot; still has that medieval taste to it, but it is a very melancholy piece.  It's absolutely -gorgeous-.  It starts out with some kind of flute playing the basic melody, and later in the track, the entire orchestra joins in to support the theme.<br />I strongly recommend this film score to all Williams fans and all film score enthusiasts, and, of course, all Harry Potter fans.  I can't say that it's definitely the best of the three Harry Potter film scores, because they all are brilliant, but this one is definitely my favorite, and this review does absolutely no justice to how amazing the music is.
B00028HBKM|2.0|I went to see this movie with a very open mind. Initially I was pleased with the cinematography and a little dissapointed with the somewhat contrived acting. The opening part of the movie is by far the most interesting and rich in terms of storyline and aesthetic beauty. This part of the movie is what nails it in the two-star range. What ensues, however, is probably the most deplorable attempt at sensory manipulation I have ever witnessed in my life.<br />In a time when neoconservatism and counterfundamentalist-fundamentalism gripped the United States by the jowels this movie made a somewhat fortuitous entrance onto the world stage. As the bells of war sent young American soldiers out on the battlefield to defend Western hegemonic positions by way of \\"the Almighty\\" (Bush's great justification) this movie danced across movie theater screens and attempted to do much more than tell the story of the life of Jesus. This movie turns Jesus into a symbol of cultural supremacy, a source of endless blood and suffering, and the American flag manifested in human flesh. <br />As I sat and watched the hour and a half of torture unfold before my eyes I looked around the theater to see the faces of the families which so many claim to exemplify \\"family values.\\" What these children were watching was not a recreation of a myth aimed at reinforcing social solidarity, but a blatant piece of sensory manipulation which aimed at reinforcing xenophobia and notions of cultural superiority.
B00003CXCT|5.0|Finally George Lucas got off his horse and decided to have FOX release these classics on DVD.  Must have been either all the great sales of Phantom Menace and Attack of The Clones, or that Paramount put out Speilburg, Indiana Jones Trilogy (which I believe Lucas had a hand in) on discs as well.  I for one am glad the discs will be the 1997 special edition re-releases. I admit with some films it's good to see the originals vs the special edition on the same disc for comparison, but this is one of those rare times that the special editions were so much superior to the originals that I could accept these AS orignals. Forget about the 1977, 1980 and 1983 copies respectively and respectfully. These 1997 reissues on tape are better, and on disc will be SUPERB. Besides only the original print of Jedi gives credit to the great James Earl Jones as the voice of Darth Vader, while the special editions of ALL 3 do the man justice.:-)  Order this set be it full screen or widescreen, and between now and September, buy yourself a multi disc player so you can enjoy all 3 back to back in one sitting.
B000286RZM|5.0|Picked up the latest(of many) new JF CDs \\"The Will To Death\\",not as \\"produced\\" as shadows(which isn't a bad thing!).It is however one of his best on 1st listens.....personal faves at the mo are definitely \\"The Mirror\\" and \\"The Will To Death\\", hoping he'll do a solo tour before he starts work on the next RHCP album. So anyone with a doubt,fear nor \\"The Will To Death\\" is an instant classic.
B000022TSY|5.0|Dennis Hopper made a cathartic movie. I 've always recognized his talent as actor and film maker . He's an outsider artist , in all the sense of the expression.<br />This picture, is  reflect of his own character. The tale about two renegades , every one of them trying of seeking his destiny, decide to make a journey (the mythical approach) to New Orleans Mardi Grass (evasion once more) , in his powerful motocycles .<br />This journey will allow Hopper to express the alienated existence of these guys and the people who surrounds in every point  they decide to rest. The violence is free ; and you watch in the visual  language of the people who simply don't accept their way of living , the way they dress ; they establish a spiritual rapport with that hippie community in the middle of the road, where the psichodelia images suggest you what's going on.<br />This film was a low budget . 394.000 bucks , but the script depicted as any other american film of its age the sense of going to nowhere abaout a generation tired of waiting for a change.<br />The increase dark shadows will cover the landscape and will carry to that magnificent and poetic ending.<br />I still have the original vynil soundtrack of this picture. If six was nine of Hendrix, Born to be wild and the Pusher of Steppenwolf , or the weight  were emblemeatic songs of its age which reflected wise and sincerely , the expecatations of a generation just in the year in which the man reached a superb scientific and technological triumph in Jul 29 1969 .<br />In a certain way this outlaw couple behaves in similar terms that Butch Cassidy (Western) , Scarecrow (existential mood city) , Midnight cowboy (outsiders in New York).<br />May be the film age a bit but its descriptive script from its release  became in a cult movie.!
B00012QM8G|5.0|(...) First of all: Schindler's List is a very very great movie, not about the history itself, but the score, visual effects, etc. The reason from a black-and-white movie is from \\"smooth\\" all the blood scenes, because Steven did not want a bloody movie at all. And the movie has many cenes with people being executed. Second, Steven already thinked about doing this movie since 1982 (when universal pictures bought the rights from Thomas Keneally's book). But he didn't considered yourself growned enough as director to make a movie such like this. But, in 1992, shocked with the ethnic clean-up on Bosnia and seeing the Holocaust being forgotten by the coletive memory, he decided to do this movie. Schindler's List is not a \\"marketing\\" movie, is a movie made from people REMEMBER, because if the Holocaust will be forgot, this will be happen again. Because there isn't many visual archives when the concetration camps are in activity. All the brutal activies made by those (...) nazis was discovered after the war is over. And many people even believed that the Holocaust actually happened. And movies like this keep the public memory alives. Of course, I have to agree that the movie wasn't realistic enough, Steven completly forgot about the christians and others \\"minories\\" genocide. Besides, there isn't one scene with jews fighting back against the nazis on the ghettos. In the movie, the victims are very very passive, but even with those details, the movie is wonderfull. From the American History guy: what the hell are u think? Do you really think the each nation have to learn the history about their own nations only, and that's it? If everybody will think like you, we're gonna have a very stupid generation on the next years... I'm not saying that American History is not important, but try to expand your horizonts a little bit, darling.
B0001AP12G|3.0|When I look at mainstream hip hop these days i am either seeing jumping around telling me exactly how hardcore they are and how much sex they have or a man crying his heart out and telling me how he lost his girlfriend.<BR>Then theres Kanye West. Long known as a producer for many hit singles that jay z came out with, kanye decided he wanted to be a rapper and a producer on his album. With many well respected guests such as Talib Kweli, Mos def and Common, kanye pulls of a well produced album while lacking on rhyming skills that will most likely improve as he develops as a rapper. All in all a solid release from the mainstream.
B00008EY65|3.0|This movie was not a movie i wanted to see from the get-go. i knew from the preview that it was goin to be a boot-leg X-men. i dont know any details on the Hellboy comic but i dont think i would even be interested. i saw this movie bootleg at my brother's house and it wasnt even worth that. my opinion wait to see it on Channel 11 or TnT or somethin...not worth a penny
B00004BZ0N|5.0|In 1979, Punk was in full swing. Though 1977's \\"explosion\\" was beggining to die down, the genre's golden age was far from over. The Buzzcocks were putting out the now legendary Singles Going Steady. The Sex Pistols' Anarchy Tour was in full swing. Black Flag was revolutionizing hardcore with two brilliant E.P.s. The Ramones were going strong with their last great album, Road To Ruin. But 1979's most important contribution to Punk will always be the Clash's masterpiece, London Calling.<BR>At the time, Strummer, Jones, and crew had already put out two albums, the raw, punky, self-titled debut, and the less successful follow-up, Give 'Em Enough Rope. On both albums, they had experimented with Regge (\\"White Man In Hammersmith Palais\\"), rockabilly (\\"Safe European Home\\") and a variety of other styles. So it seemed natural that their third album, London Calling, should follow in tht same vein. <BR>But nothing, however, could prepare the world from the dizzying multidude of styles, lyrical themes, and genres this album would feature. On it, the Clash experiment witrh regge (\\"Rudie Can't Fail\\"), Disco (\\"Lost in the Supermarket\\"), Flat-out rock (\\"Brand New Cadillac\\"), Pop (\\"Spanish Bombs\\"), and even a bit of country (\\"Jimmy Jazz\\"). <BR>Of course, at heart, London Calling is still a Punk album, full of classic punk anthems such as the title track and \\"Clampdown.\\" The songs are dominated by singer Joe Strummer's  vicious snarl and Mick Jones' crunchy, simple guitar playing.<BR>Another feature that sets London Calling ahead of the pack is it's obvious political smarts. On these 19 songs, Strummer and Jones (and to a degree, bassist Paul Simonon, who wrote \\"The Guns of Brixton\\") explore themes of war, crime, poverty, racism, economic disaster, and the like. The powerful and profound lyrics go well with the excellent music, and give the album an apocalyptic feel.<BR>As a whole, London Calling is one of the great masterpeices of Punk and of music in general, a true landmark in creativity.
B00028HBKM|5.0|Honestly to say the least i thought this movie was going to be an ok movie, something to watch when it comes out on dvd or cable. but my cousins had invited me to the movies, who were going to pay for me so i went. this movie was so emotional. anyone who doesnt feel any emotion to this movie, is absolutely heartless. i recommend seeing, but not constantly. maybe once in a long while, its not a movie to keep watching over and over but a good movie to own. I without a doubt give this movie 5 stars. Great job Mr. Gibson on a directorial accomplishment.
038073186X|1.0|wherefore all the rave reviews for this book, which is neither literary nor a thriller?  After 90 pages or so, I grew increasingly impatient with Lehane's failure to engage me with either his characters, his setting, or his story, and found his fabrication and solution of Rachel Solando's 'code' totally laughable.  So I skipped to the end to see what all the buzz was about, and am thankful I wasted no additional time reading the intervening 200 pages.  This might be material for a passable direct-to-video movie, but as a follow-up to Mystic River, it's a step backward.  I usually maintain that a book worth reading is a book worth owning, but when the chintzy-quality paperback edition came out, I decided to borrow the hardcover from my library and am glad I didn't waste my money on this.
B00023B1LC|4.0|Well all i have to say is that this movie was pretty good. i didnt see it in the theatres and didnt rent it when it came out on dvd but was able to watch it at a family party this year, about 2 years after it came out in the theatres. no lie, i didnt even know this movie existed, let alone the book did. I also think that this movie was convincing to watch, but friends had told me that the movie does not live up to the book. i dont know but from what i saw it left me satsfied and you will definitely see me in the theatres when the sequel arrives.
0679720200|5.0|&quot;The Stranger&quot; is such a powerful book, that you won't know that you're questioning everything life has to offer, until the very last sentence.  Translator Matthew Ward has helped give us a powerful piece of literature. Author Albert Camus wrote a sensitive story about the purpose of life, and why we bother trying to live.  In the end, our fates are all the same, whether we succeeded in life or not.  The sentences are simple, but the meanings behind them are passionate.  Whether you've thought about your objective on this planet or not - this story will provoke questions within your brain.  I recommend.
B0001Z52RU|5.0|First and foremost i would like to say that the critics who evaluated this movie were wrong. i went with my brother and his girlfriend to see this movie thinking it was going to be a waste of money. i was wrong! this movie was definitely worth seeing in the theatres and dont understand why the Critics from around the country scored it such a low rating. Honestly i think all the young actors in this piece did a great performance. i would with out a doubt recommend this to anyone looking for a psychological thriller that keeps you guessin to the last minute of the picture. buy this movie when it comes out...worth every penny.
0684857219|5.0|It is the best book you'll ever read about bodybuilding. It covers every issue and you will acquire useful informations, whether you have just started working out, or you are a pro. I keep refering to it. I recommend it 100% to everyone. It has TONS of pictures and it will certainly inspire you the most. Arnold Swcharzenneger is the man in my opinion who knows the most about the subject. He among others were the ones to have evolved modern bodybuilding. And that doesn't mean that you'll find old-fashioned advice. On the contrary it is an up to date manual. Million of exercises, programms, techniques, EVERYTHING you need to know. It will provide you among others with confidence for what you are doing, and you will most certainly see the results. A TOTAL MUST HAVE.
B000093BDX|5.0|I don't think there is a single American child over the age of three that hasn't heard a Beach Boys song. They are still a significant part of our culture and a glimpse into the teen culture of our past (which isn't that different from today's). People loved them and still love them, that's why they are, perhaps, the greatest American band of all time. I don't think I can say that about many other artists, only R.E.M. and Talking Heads come to mind. <br />The compilation contains thirty of their Top 40 hits and spans their entire career. If you're already a fan, you know all the songs and hold them dear to your heart. If you're a new fan, this is a great CD for you to begin your Beach Boys experience. There are a few splendid stereo mixes of songs that were only found in mono or poor stereo versions. &quot;Heroes and Villians&quot; is a major highlight, as well as &quot;Good Vibrations.&quot;
B0000CD5I6|4.0|I don't see why some reviewers feel there's a lack of energy here, but then I haven't gone back and compared these song versions with previous ones.  All I know is I haven't cared too much for some of the more recent Tull albums, but thought I'd give this one a chance. I was very pleased with the whole album. I've heard a couple of the tunes before, like &quot;Solstice Bells&quot; and &quot;Bouree&quot;.  &quot;Bouree&quot; is definitely a remake. Can't say it's better than the original but it's definitely no worse. Jethro Tull, to me, is unique in the rock genre for the skillful blending of old and new. It's rock with folk undertones, and Ian Anderson's gift for songwriting and arranging is unparalleled (catch &quot;Greensleeved&quot; and &quot;We Five Kings&quot;). I've got friends who won't give Tull a listen because they claim flute has no place in rock music.  But Tull is not the typical rock group, and they don't know what they're missing. The whole album is enjoyable listening even if you're not into Christmas music.  Even without the holiday theme, the songs are strong and melodic in their own right. Highlights are &quot;Another Christmas Song&quot; and the incredible instrumental &quot;God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen&quot;.
B0000W3YIS|5.0|In the year of 2003 Britney returned to the music scene from her wild year of antics with the infamous MTV kiss with Madonna. In November 2003 Britney released her stunning Cd `In The Zone'. Britney released her best album yet. She transformed herself from a sexy young teenager to a provocative young woman. In the Zone takes listeners though a journey of different styles of music. From Hard hitting dance tracks, to dirty ghetto Hip Hop to viby trance tracks to beautiful peaceful ballads. This album shows Britney at her best. This album made critics label her \\"The New Madonna\\".<BR>Me Against The Music - This is the lead single from the album. It is the infamous duet featuring Madonna. It is a hard hitting club dance track any is very different from what is on the radios these days. The track is just about being in a club and being oblivious to everyone and freestyling. This is my 2nd Favourite track on the album and one of my favourite songs of all time. 10/10<br />(I Got That) Boom Boom - This track is an Up-tempo Hip Hop track perfect for the clubs. The track has also has an Indian vibe to it. This track features the Ying Yang Twins, which gives the track a dirty ghetto, feel to it. This song is my 3rd Favourite song on the album, and is one of the best Hip Hop songs I have ever heard. 10/10<br />Showdown - The famous UK producers Bloodshy & Avant produced this track. It is a great sexy dance track which features Britney whispering \\"I don't wanna be a tease. Would you undo my zipper please\\" This track is done very well. Again very unique. 9/10<br />Breathe On Me - This song is very club-savvy orientated and is one of the most sensual tracks on the album. The song has a HOT beat and is reminiscent to Kylie's Can't Get You Out Of My Head. This track describes the intensity of a relationship so hot that they don't even need to touch, just breathe. This is my Favourite track on the album and one of my favourite songs of all time. I can automatically see this song go #1in Europe if it is released. 10/10<br />Early Mornin - The second this track commences you will automatically know that it is Moby produced. This track is very sexy and has a trance feel to it. The song is very vibey and is about the next morning after a big night out. 7/10<br />Toxic - This is the second single from the album which is produced by Bloodshy & Avant. The song is HOT and fits Britney perfectly. The track is a hard hitting dance track which could easily be used as the theme song to Alias or the next bond movie. Critics are describing it the best song Britney has released since I'm A Slave For You. I love this track so much because of its uniqueness. 10/10<br />Outrageous - This is a typical R&B penned track. The second the song commences you will automatically realise it is R Kelly produced. This song is again perfect for the clubs and has an Indian vibe to it. The chorus is very catchy. 9.5/10<br />Touch Of My Hard -This is the most sensual song on the album. This song is a beautiful dance ballad reminiscent to Madonna's The Power Of Goodbye &. This song is an ode to (...). The song is Britney's most mature song to date and has a sexy vibe to it. This is definitely a stand out track on the album. 10/10.<br />The Hook-Up - Redzone, the famous team behind the Britney/Madonna duet, produced this track. This song has an R&B reggae feel to it and is fairly uptempo. This Is what we call a filler track and one of the less memorable on the album. 5/10<br />Shadow - This track is a beautiful ballad produced by The Matrix. This is very reminiscent to Avril's I'm With You. This track shows Britney's vocals at its best. 9/10<br />Brave New Girl - This song brings back the days Britney was innocent. In every album she has to bring out the stupidness in her. She has done exactly that in this track. This track is very pop driven and could be used as the theme song to Legally Blonde. I personally think it is The worst song on the album and one of the worst songs I have ever heard. 1/10<br />Every Time - This track is absolutely stunning. Britney shines in this tale of heartbreak. This is definitely one of the most beautiful ballads ever written by not only Britney herself but of all time. The simple harmony makes you feel the words and the pain Britney has felt. This is a Guy Sigsworth produced ballad. 10/10<br />Me Against The Music (Remix) - This is remix to the First Single. The song was remixed by Peter Rishi and an Indian vibe has been added to it. The song is still very clubby and is probably one of the best remixes I have ever heard. 10/10<br />The Answer -Produced by P Diddy. The song has an R&B mid tempo flow to it. I really liked this song, but I was disappointed at the same time. When I heard the idea of Britney & P Diddy working together I was expecting an up tempo R&B track, although it was completely the opposite. 9/10<br />Don't Hang Up It is a mid tempo track  and again has an R&B pop flow to it. This song is about Phone Sex. This song was produced by the same team behind Brave New Girl. I personally don't like this song and think she should never work with Brian & Josh again. 3/10.<br />ALL IN ALL I LOVE THIS CD AND I DON'T THINK IT COULD HAVE GOTTEN ANY BETTER. THIS ALBUM IS VERY UNQIUE AND IS BRITNEY'S BEST ALBUM SO FAR. OVERALL I GIVE IT A 10/10
B00006AW2O|4.0|This is the second U.S. album put out by the Rolling Stones, which in my opinion by far is the greatest rock'n'roll band of all time. As the review-title says, it is a slight step down compared to their first U.S. album (although they both receive four stars), but it is still a very good album. As a side note, you might have noticed that I insist on calling it their second U.S. album instead of just their second album, which is because up until late 1967 (with the release of &quot;Their Satanic Majesties' Request&quot;) the Stones albums in the U.S. and the U.K. contained different songs, and even different names up until &quot;Out of Our Heads&quot;, which was released in 1965. Anyway, on with the review.<br />Just the same as the rest of the Stones' early albums, this is an all-blues album. And just the same as on the rest of the early Stones' albums, you can feel how important Brian Jones was to the band in the early days. He left the Stones in 1969 and unfortunately died about a month later (under strange circumstances), but then he had been a quite inactive band member for a couple of years or so. But back in the early days he was the front man of the band (Mick Jagger got a hold of that spot a couple years later), and it was really thanks to him that the Stones made it big. He was a really mean guitar and harmonica player, and had some fantastic guitar-weaving going on with Keith Richards back in the days.<br />However, I'm not putting down the rest of the band. Charlie Watts (drums) and Bill Wyman (bass) have their own unique rhythm section going on, which is part of what makes the Stones so great, Keith Richards (my favorite Stones-member, by the way) keeps improving his guitar playing more and more, not just together with Jones but individually too. And Mick Jagger proves that he is not only a fantastic blues singer, but also a great harmonica-player (back in these days he and Brian Jones played pretty much the equal amount of harmonica, and even though Brian was better in the beginning Mick proved later on he's the best at it).<br />This album contains a couple of classic songs, especially &quot;It's All Over Now&quot;, with one of the first great Stones riffs (one of their trademark characteristics). The Stones also showed they are among the very few groups who actually reach the level of the artist they are covering on songs like &quot;Around And Around&quot; (originally written by bluesman Chuck Berry, who probably had the greatest influence on the Stones, especially Keith Richards).<br />The songs listed from best to worst:<br />It's All Over Now -- 10/10<BR>Around And Around -- 10/10<BR>Time Is On My Side -- 9/10<BR>Confessin' The Blues -- 9/10<BR>If You Need Me -- 9/10<BR>Good Times, Bad Times -- 8/10<BR>Empty Heart -- 8/10<BR>Congratulations -- 8/10<BR>2120 South Michigan Avenue -- 8/10<BR>Susie Q -- 7/10<BR>Under The Boardwalk -- 7/10<BR>Grown Up Wrong -- 6/10<br />Rated on a song to song basis, this album receives an 8.3 out of 10 rating from me. As a whole, it receives a 8 out of 10 rating.
B00005A3KS|4.0|This awesome action movie is the original 'Fast and the Furious' where surfers with souls are used instead of expensive cars and special effects. Keanu Reeves is perfect for the role as Johnny Utah,the cocky &quot;quarterback punk&quot; fbi agent who has to infiltrate the deep roots of a clan of surfers who rob banks. Garey Busey is a gem as the Utah's crazy partner, Angelo, and Patrick Swayze makes a perfect anti-villain, Bodi.<br />The action is never-ending, the surfing scenes are amazing (even if Keanu learns how to surf a bit too quickly) and then there's that great chemistry between Swayze and Reeves..two action junkies from completely different backgrounds but that same carnal desire for madness! This film is must for anyone who thinks Vin Diesel is a good anarchist with a spiritual side.. wait 'til you meet Bodi!
0778320448|4.0|Lydia Hoffman opens up a yarn store of Blossom Street. She is hoping to start a new chapter in her life, after battling cancer since her teens. Lydia starts a beginner's class for knitting.<br />Jacqueline Donovan decides to join the group to make a baby blanket in the hopes it will make amends to her son and daughter in law.<br />Carol Girard decides making a baby blanket will make her dreams of having a baby come true.<br />Alix Townsend is the least likely to join a knitting class. Alix has had a rough life and is trying to get her life back on track. She decides to make a blanket for the Linus project<br />All four women come into the class with various needs but they learn so much more about themselves as well as each other.<br />Debbie Macomber writes such treasures of books.  You feel like you know these characters and want to find out more about them.
0451191153|1.0|At the conclusion of this book, I took the Knife that was near me and thrust it trhough the book to about pg 400. I found the charactors to be flat, the plot perdictiable, and the dialoge very unimaginative.  But more inmportantly, i thought that the ideas contained within the book were very shallow minded.  Selfishness as a virtue is beyond my ability to accept.  Many of the people we look at in history have been humble while strong in their convictions.  The founding fathers of our nation are a good example of this--they fought for and brought about a revolution, but not for thier own selfish desires.  Yes, they did have invested interest, but thier personal motives were not the exclusive ones.  This is a book that i can understand a rebelious teen-ager reading and agreeing with, but not an adult.  She advocates an idea that one's own ideas are of paramount importance, and that achiveing them at all cost's is man's purpose in life.  This idea runs in the face of most of the lessons that history has taught us. Every charactor in her book lacks the trait of humily--and by this i do not mean walk all over me kinda thing--rather a recognition that other people in the world to matter.  Her book would say that humble people cannot get a head in life.  History has taught us otherwise.  But ignorant societys have always touted arrogance as a posotive trait.  I would encourage you to read this book, and to study history.  I do not want to sound arrogant, but i belive one with some understanding of history would come to the same conclusoins, but could not say for sure.  In any event, This book will either prove to be very offensive to you or very apt.  In either case, I encourage reading it.
B0001AVZA8|3.0|The Bible tells us something along the lines of David, King, Warrior, Dude Extraordinaire, spies Bathsheba, \\" . . .a beautiful woman bathing.\\" This is about 3000 years ago. So the facts of life are that men are attracted to beautiful (read YOUNGER) women. Is this fair? No. Is this stupid? Very. Just when our crowd is intrigued with the intelligence, wisdom, insight, humor and magnetism of women our age, somebody's moron ex-brother in law marries Brie from the typing pool 30 years younger than him. Is it flawed? Terribly. Is it embarrassing? Quite. Is it funny? I'm sorry. I don't think so.<br />You know somehow they talked Diane Keaton into getting naked and Nicholson into walking around with his behind hanging out. I wasn't prepared for that. It seemed prurient, pandering. I mean, do you want to see your Aunt Estelle who's 60 naked? Or Uncle Ernie who landed on Omaha Beach nude?<br />Anyhow, yeah, they're great actors but the movie was a letdown. I felt like the group therapy scene from Nicholsen's tour de force, \\"Cuckoo's Nest.\\" It was funny . . . but really not. Larry Scantlebury. 3 stars.
B00005RZV4|4.0|The mega-hyped live NIN album seems to get widely mixed critical responses, but I believe it's a fine record and a nice compliment to the excellent DVD. Some of the older tracks such as &quot;Head Like A Hole&quot; and &quot;Gave Up&quot; actually surpass their studio versions. Especially &quot;Sin&quot;, the album's highlight, which has even more menace than the original. Many tracks from the Fragile, particularly &quot;The Wretched&quot;&quot; are superior to the album versions. However, many of The Fragile's more forgettable tunes take up time, and a few songs like &quot;Wish&quot; are ruined by a lack of clarity. The setlist has some nice touches with &quot;Suck&quot;, and classics like &quot;Piggy&quot;, &quot;March of the Pigs&quot;, &quot;Closer&quot;, &quot;Terrible Lie&quot; and Hurt&quot; are presented with a fresh energy. A damn good live outing.
B00003CXCT|2.0|Ah, childhood. I remember how excited I was when the Special Editions came out in theatres, how my friends and I would endlessly play with Star Wars action figures, how my dad bought me the ultra-rare \\"Slave Leia\\" figure for $25 off some fat dorky guy in the mall, how after seeing Episiode I, one of my friends showed me and everyone I went with how to find porn on the internet, how my action figures started collecting dust after 6th grade, how when Episode II came out I laughed out loud at it in the theatre, how all the stupid girls in my French class were obsesed with Hayden Christiansen at my expense, how I wanted to beat some sense into that [illigitimate offspring lacking a male reproductive organ], how I made a custom John Kerry action figure by melting Grand Moff Tarkin's chin a bit and made him have a debate with John Edwards (aka Han in Bespin Gear), while greedy corporate interest groups (Jabba the Hutt, Rancor Keeper, Greedo, and Yak Face) watched. John Edwards kicked everyone's butt, of course. <br />Although I grew up watching these movies and have almost no problems with the special editions, I will not buy this box set when it came out. Star Wars just isn't fun to watch anymore. I'm no longer the kid I used to be. I know enough of physics to realize that the speed of light is unbreakable and sound in space is an impossibility, enough of biology to know that any sort of extraterrestrial life form would probably not look anything like life as we know it on Earth thanks to evolution. Episode II is the only Star Wars movie I can bear to watch nowadays, only because it is one of the best parodies I've seen in my life (albeit unintentionally). If you have kids, or are pretty young yourself, then by all means, buy this. These are classic children's films. Otherwise, GROW UP and GET A LIFE. There was a reviewer below me who suggested buying the Stanley Kubrick collection instead; I agree with him wholeheartedly. Some movies are deep and filled with artistic meaning. Anything \\"Star Wars\\" is not. Try analyzing the Jedi Code philosophically; it's full of contradictions. Ask yourself if Darth Vader is a good man at the end just because he saves ONE PERSON (who, may I add, he has a vested genetic interest in) from death despite his cold-blooded murder of thousands. Then there's the matter that this murder spree was apparently caused by the natural human desire to have a family, to remain close to one's kin. Philosophically, Star Wars makes no sense at all. As a child, I was able to overlook this, but now, as a young adult, I simply can't ignore it. <br />The magic has died for me. In a moment akin to Dorthy realizing that the great Wizard of Oz was nothing more than a man behind a screen, I realized that Star Wars is at best, an immature, escapist melodrama and at worst, nothing more than a giant marketing ploy by George Lucas. A brilliant one, a fun one when you're young, but still a marketing ploy. Go ahead and show this to your children, but if you're over the age of 14 and still enjoy this, I feel very very sorry for you.
B00003CXXP|5.0|A.I. was released in 2001. That pivotal year would see the disaster of 9/11 and a world headed for war. It was all the more appropriate for a film of this calibre to fill the silver screen. On DVD, the movie looks better than ever and is loaded with extra features, including photo galleries, behind the scene looks on the making of the film and director Steven Spielberg's commentary. The movie was based on the Brian Aldiss short story &quot;Supertoys Last All Summer Long&quot;. The late Stanely Kubrick wanted to direct this film years ago but he died after production of &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; in 1999. It was up to Spielberg to write the screenplay and direct the movie himself. Echoes of Empire Of The Sun and even E.T. are evident in some of the film's more sentimental and poignant moments when it is most human. Hayley Joel Osment plays David, a robotic child custom made to feel as close to a human boy as possible. Henry and Monica, his adopted parents, have nearly lost their son Martin to an accident. Henry decides to replace their son with the robot David. But when Martin returns home alive and well, sibling rivalry ensues. Martin, deeply jealous of David, makes it possible for Monica to turn against him. Monica, though she really loves David, is forced to leave him alone in the woods with his robotic teddy bear Teddy. Many of these scenes are full of moments that make you feel. We sympathize with poor David and his situation. He wants Monica, who he feels is his mother, to love him and accept him as her human child. We hate Martin for being such a scheming and villainous little snot. The scene in the pool party where they leave David inside the pool is pretty effective. The movie begins to become more about the search for personal happiness and meaning when David, inspired by the fairy tale Pinnochio (which is a parallel to this Pinocchio in the future type of story i.e. Robot boy wants to be a real boy) sets out to find the Blue Fairy who can make it possiblefor him to be a real boy and grant his wish.<br />Jude Law plays Joe, a robotic male prostitute, who ends up helping David in his quest to find the Blue Fairy. Guest star voices include Chris Rock (in a brief scene in the Flesh Fair as he is loaded into a cannon)and Robin Williams as Dr. Know, the computer system who knows everything about everything and points the way to David to &quot;the end of the world where the lions weep&quot;.<BR>Here is a New York City that has been flooded when the polar ice caps melted a la Day After Tomorrow. In the great building where the mecha and all other robots are made, David discovers he is not a real boy, there are other Davids and loses all hope. He commits suicide and throws himself into the ocean. But Joe helps him out when he puts him inside the helicopter so that he may one day be saved in the future. This is exactly what happens when thousands of years later, the world has ended and frozen up. Aliens from other worlds visit the planet and defreeze David. He is the only thing left of the human world that is good and innocent. They tap into his memories and grant his wish. Monica will love him and accept him as a her child and they will spend time together for one long day. Then they both fall asleep into non-existence. A classic film. Bittersweet, tragic, about innocence, the eternal mother-child bond, about hope and the best things about humanity, as well as the worst. It is a movie that is both dark and light. The moving musical score helps the serious film that should have won an Oscar. It is more than a special effects Scienci Fiction story. It is one of the best movies of 2001 and even of all time. Oh and anyone who does'nt cry at the end of the movie is not human.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|What can I say about Firefly that hasn't already been said a million times?  That it has wonderful characters that are beautifully developed?  That it has an original setting for a sci-fi show, but a setting that still makes sense?  That all the big things (stories, characters, etc) & all the little things (no sound in space, for example) about it combine & make it a great series?  I think all of this has been pretty well covered by everyone else.<br />If you're a fan of Joss's other shows, you know that his writing can waiver from serious to witty & still keep you captivated.  If you're not a fan of Buffy & Angel, though, Firefly is a completely different type of show, & I know both people who loved the Buffyverse shows & people who hated them, who love this series.  Trust me, give this series a chance.<br />Incidentally, they are making a movie, called \\"Serenity\\" which is due to be in theaters next April.
B00004S35Z|5.0|To say that Stevie Wonder experienced an &quot;artistic peak&quot; in the early-to-mid 1970s seems like a gross understatement.  Here's a guy who, if he had retired after &quot;Signed Sealed and Delivered&quot; would be remembered as a great Motown soul artist, who then took an enormous leap forward into a realm of creativity that combined an avant-garde approach both to rhythm and to electronic instruments, with a naked expressiveness about a wide range of emotions and feelings, from love to grief to political rage.  All the while, manufacturing the freshest-sounding melodies and richest harmonies this side of Brian Wilson.<br />If you haven't explored this music, take your pick from &quot;Music of My Mind,&quot; &quot;Talking Book,&quot; &quot;Innervisions,&quot; this album, or its follow-up &quot;Songs in the Key of Life.&quot;  They're all equally accomplished, with their moments of sheer ecstasy, and I would say they're all essential listening.<br />I happen to prefer &quot;Fulfillingess'...&quot; slighly over the others, because for me it hits its emotional targets with songs like &quot;Smile Please,&quot; &quot;Creepin'&quot; and &quot;It Ain't no Use,&quot; and sets up some deeply funky rhythms with &quot;You Haven't Done Nothin'&quot; &quot;Boogie On Reggae Woman&quot; and &quot;Bird of Beauty.&quot;  Whereever you start, you won't be sorry.
0345440803|3.0|This book is moderately helpful, but not as good as Hogg and Blau's original &quot;Secrets of the Baby Whisperer.&quot;  While that book was an invaluable asset and demonstrated Hogg's true expertise with babies, this one seems to emulate its predecessor instead of standing on its own.  I found the first one much more helpful and practical than &quot;What to Expect the First Year,&quot; but now I find &quot;What to Expect the Toddler Years&quot; to be more informative than this toddler book.  If you're as big a fan of the first book as I was, you probably are tempted to go right out and buy this one as soon as your baby becomes a toddler.  I would encourage you to read it to benefit from some of the more helpful parts (especially good, in my opinion, were the ritual and routine recommendations), but unfortunately, it doesn't pass the test to be your go-to guide to your toddler.
0156027321|4.0|On first read The Life of Pi is a charming, engaging story. The story of his childhood and early explorations of the universe neatly frame his later adventures. As his story evolves however, and I learned more about him and his companion Richard Parker, it became increasingly clear that I would need to reread the book, and hear Pi's tale again in the light of what I'd learned to fully appreciate it. <br />I think it says something about the story that I'm very much looking forward to doing so, and expect that I will have an even more satisfying read the second time through
B000002H33|5.0|if u love metallica or just love metal u need this cd.<br />it is a classic   old metallica in the day when they ruled supreme and earned their name in metal history.<br />all the songs on this cd are great i thought except the last two<br />includes classic songs like Master of Puppets, Welcome Home(Sanitarium) and Leper Messiah
B0001DI0FI|5.0|Given the number of excellent movies that have been made about sailing ships, and the breadth of coverage, at first you might wonder how yet another movie is going to add anything to the genre.  If you have seen this movie you need no answer to that question.  The story is compelling as \\"Moby Dick,\\" and the captain of H.M.S. Surprise is just as driven as Captain Ahab, though generally not mad as was Ahab.<br />The story at first appears to be a classic story of a strategic sea chase between two captains.  However, it cannot be for the pursuer and the pursued frequently change position, and the English pursuer is the weaker of the two opponents.  In order to have any chance against an enemy with longer range guns, more speed, and a nearly impenetrable hull, Captain Jack Aubrey (Russell Crowe) will need luck, bravery, and a superb strategy.  Fortunately all three will eventually work in his favor, at least sufficiently to make a grand finish to this movie.<br />Three things set this movie apart from its predecessors.<br />First, the detail in this movie is incredibly good.  The research into the conditions about a sailing ship of this era was apparently quite extensive as the details in the operation of the ship were numerous.  Details regarding the relationships between the officers and crew also appeared quite authentic, recalling from my dim past the book \\"Two Years Before the Mast,\\" While it would be easy to dismiss the attention to detail, that very detail makes much of this movie a delight to watch.<br />Secondly, the two captains were every bit as crafty as any two captains have ever been portrayed.  We only see the results of the French captain's efforts, but we see the result of those efforts on Captain Aubrey, and we realize that Captain Aubrey has met someone with a talent that is at least equal to his own.  We have seen similar scenarios in movies such as \\"The Enemy Below\\" and \\"Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan,\\" and yet in every one of these movies the scenario, while similar is sufficiently different that there may be a different outcome from the previous movie.  I can tell you that the outcome of this movie is different.<br />Third, the special effects benefit from the decades of development of computer generated imagery.  In the movies of days gone by the special effects would rely heavily on miniature ships floating about in a big pool.  In this movie the special effects are so good that, just as in \\"Jurassic Park,\\" you never know when you are looking at a ship and when you are looking at computer graphics.  While there are places where you can guess computer images were used, try not to focus on that aspect too much because it can distract you from the story.<br />Russell Crowe gives an outstanding performance as Captain Aubrey, well supported by a similarly excellent cast.  \\"Master and Commander\\" received ten nominations for Academy Awards in 2003, and in any other year would likely have won many more awards than the two it won, but \\"The Return of the King\\" overshadowed this superb historical fiction.  It is gratifying to see such quality in film making.  This movie is well worth five stars and then some.ario, while similar is sufficiently different that there may be a different outcome from the previous movie.  I can tell you that the outcome of this movie is different.<br />Third, the special effects benefit from the decades of development of computer generated imagery.  In the movies of days gone by the special effects would rely heavily on miniature ships floating about in a big pool.  In this movie the special effects are so good that, just as in \\"Jurassic Park,\\" you never know when you are looking at a ship and when you are looking at computer graphics.  While there are places where you can guess computer images were used, try not to focus on that aspect too much because it can distract you from the story.<br />Russell Crowe gives an outstanding performance as Captain Aubrey, well supported by a similarly excellent cast.  \\"Master and Commander\\" received ten nominations for Academy Awards in 2003, and in any other year would likely have won many more awards than the two it won, but \\"The Return of the King\\" overshadowed this superb historical fiction.  It is gratifying to see such quality in film making.  This movie is well worth five stars and then some.
B000002I6T|5.0|the early 70's were an exciting time for music.  joni mitchell had found her stride and we were all reeling from the beauty of the harmonies of crosby, stills, and nash, etc.  with his open tunings, his other-worldly harmonies, and his good friends, david crosby released the ultimate album of those days.  it's spontaneous and real.  from the very first sound of the opening track, \\"music is love,\\" the listener knows he/she is in for something amazing and beautiful.  \\"laughing\\" is pure poetry, and the sound of joni in the background never fails to give me goose bumps.  granted, some of crosby's paranoia filters through (\\"what are their names\\"--one of my favorites), but there's some unbelievable beauty here(\\"orleans\\", \\"i'd swear there was somebody here\\").  one can understand why it took him so long to record a follow up.  there was no way for him to top this.  it's a desert island disc for sure.
B0001LJC2K|5.0|my brother just played this cd for me this afternoon, so it hasn't fully been digested yet. I will say, however, that i am simply blown away. Granted, the singer sounds like mr. yorke, but lets move past that. the entire tone of the disc is desperation, and it is conveyed quite strongly. this is neo-prog pop. if you were to take the accessabilty of coldplay, the emotion of radiohead, and make both more angry, this is what you'd have. there isn't a dud track to be found, and the last album i've found that can state that is angra's holy land (realeased quite some time ago). I must say, as a prog-rock fan, music snob, and general pessimist, this disc is amazing. fans of radiohead, metal, art rock...you are all encouraged to pick up this gem.
B000002MTR|4.0|i like this album. it is definatly a mixed bag, but i like it. Dave Navarro is not John F. and though their work sounds more manicured with him, it makes it sound more precise perhaps. it doesnt have that underlying RHCPs sound that Californication and By The Way and BLood, Sex, Sugar, Magik have. it also doesnt have the sound that their first three albums had. its completely different, almost more mellow. i enjoyed the work with Dave and Flea and the way that they mixed it. they made the bass and guitar seemless. it was the first album of theirs i got and i listened to it quite a bit for a while. Aeroplane, My Friends, Trancending, song number 9 which i cant remember the name of and Pea are some of my favorite songs in general. not just from the album.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|Britney Spears, everyone knows her. They know the kiss, the marriage, the publicity, but do they really know her. Britney has done an outstanding job on her 4th studio album 'In The Zone', which is predicted to sell over 4 million copies in the US alone beating out it's precedor 'Britney'. 'In The Zone' debuted at #1 and has had consistent sales. Maybe it's because she has ditched the teen pop image leaving behind longtime producer Max Martin. Maybe it's because she co-wrote 9/13 songs on the album. Maybe it's because the singles on this album have done so well on the radio. 'Me Against The Music' reached #35 on the Billboard Hot 100 & #2 in the UK. But, 'Toxic' was the real hit on this album going to #9 on the Billboard Hot 100 & giving Britney her 4th UK #1. Toxic was an anthem for the new pop world. Now her 3rd single 'Everytime' shocked everyone. People who had never listened to Britney before opened ears for this song. Toxic gained Britney a lot of fans but, Everytime gave Britney a lot of respect. Everytime is Britney's 5th UK #1 & is steadily climbing the Billboard Hot 100 at #15. Britney's 4th single 'Outrageous' has yet to be released due to a knee injury making the video. From there she has had to cancel her tour, & postpone this new single with a new version feat. Snoop Dogg. Britney has also gotten engaged. People look at her as if shes a robot and has no feelings but Britney cant go on Overdrive all the time. I assume after Outrageous & a possible 5th single (I Got That Boom Boom or Breathe On Me), Britney will take a break sit down in a new relationship and come back fresh and new. To shock the world and show she is the best female entertainer this world has ever known.<br />In The Zone<br />1.) Me Against The Music feat. Madonna (Trixster & Penelope Magnet) (Co-Written By: Britney Spears)<BR>Review: Very different from the old Britney. Madonna gives this song life and the dances in the video and stage performance are edgy and new.<br />2.) (I Got That) Boom Boom feat. Ying Yang Twins (Roy 'Royalty' Hamilton)<BR>Review: Britney doing hip-hop? Is not a bad thing. This song is not cheesy as some might think. Ying Yang Twins were a great addition to this song. And Britney has reached the Urban radio with this song.<br />3.) Showdown (Bloodshy & Avant) (Co-Written By: Britney Spears)<BR>Review: This used to be my favorite song off the album. I love the way it is. The instrumental and vocals fit perfectly. Sounds like its like screw everyone ill do what I want.<br />4.) Breathe On Me (Mark Taylor)<BR>Review: This has to be one of the best Britney songs. It's like Kylie but sounds better and different. It's so sexual. Britney really makes this song sound good. <br />5.) Early Mornin' (Moby) (Co-Written By: Britney Spears)<BR>Review: Moby & Britney! I never saw this coming. Most Britney fans dont like this song that much but, I think it's great. It's got a great beat and is very trip-hop.<br />6.) Toxic (Bloodshy & Avant)<BR>Review: Words cannot describe how holy this song is to the music world. The strins, the chorus, its a totally new and different Britney. The video is amazing. It's so dark but, still pop at heart.<br />7.) Outrageous (R. Kelly)<BR>Review: More hip-hop. Except I like this one better than Boom Boom. It has the beat, the lyrics, & R. Kelly is just amazing.<br />8.) Touch Of My Hand (Jimmy Harry & Shep Soloman) (Co-Written By: Britney Spears)<BR>Review: This song is very good. The asian music adds to it and it's another stage of Britney. She has done something no one has done in a long time. Talked about things no one has talked about.<br />9.) The Hook Up (Trixster & Penelope Magnet) (Co-Written By: Britney Spears)<BR>Review: Reggae. Yes, Britney also pulls reggae off. This is such a dance-able song. I love it.<br />10.) Shadow (The Matrix) (Co-Written By: Britney Spears)<BR>Review: The 1st ballad on the album and Britney sings it so well. She has broken out of her shell.<br />11.) Brave New Girl (Brian & Josh) (Co-Written By: Britney Spears)<BR>Review: This is pop song on the album. Not really my favorite but adds the icing on the cake.<br />12.) Everytime (Guy Sigsworth) (Co-Written By: Britney Spears)<BR>Review: The best song on the album, written by Britney 2 1/2 years ago, and still damn good. It has a dark element to it. and it shows another side of Britney.<br />13.) Me Against The Music feat. Madonna (Rishi Rich's Desi Kulcha Remix) (Trixster & Penelope Magnet, Rishi Rich) (Co-Written By: Britney Spears)<BR>Review: More middle-eastern than the original version but, still good<br />B-Sides<br />The Answer (P. Diddy) - P. Diddy produced. This is such a good song. It's more urban than other ballads. I like it. Bonus Track on UK Edition of 'In The Zone'.<br />Don't Hang Up - Ballad. It's a very good song. I like it a lot. Bonus Track on UK Edition of 'In The Zone'.<br />(I've Just Begun) Havin' My Fun - This is pop just like 'Brave New Girl'. It still adds an element of pop to the album.<br />Girls & Boys (Linda Perry) - I love this song. Linda Perry produced it. And she did a damn good job. This is like 'Breathe On Me', 'Early Mornin', & 'Touch Of My Hand' mixed together in a blender. The beats and vocals are awsome.<br />Overall 'In The Zone' is one of Britney's biggest successes. Seeing other artist come & go. Britney has staying power and will be around for a long time. The 5th album is gonna be awsome.<br />PS - if you dont like this album, your lying.
B000002LQR|3.0|this album is a rare instence where the lyrics are better then the music. actually no, not better, just more varied. their all very proficiant on their instruments, the lyrics are great and this album is alot of fun to listen to once in a while but on the whole i personaly, against alot of the poupulation i think, find the album kind of boring. there is not so much musical variety on it. every bass line is different, every guitar solo is different but when the put it all together it all sounds more similar then not . the tunes are too similar, the underlying tune that anthony is singing in alot of the songs sounds very similar to the tunes he sings in many of the other songs. on the other hand this album is what set them off into their 90s hits, the album that sent them in that direction. it does not sound like every other album they ever made which i think is one of the greatest thing about them, if one albums not so good, it doesnt mean the next one will be not so good. actually, my favorite part of the album was the booklet that came with it and Gus Van Sants photography work. the tatoos were increadible.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Most teenagers don't have a job let alone millions of fans and a debut record that has sold nearly 30 mill. copies worldwide. And most teenagers names are'nt Britney Spears. 'Oops! ...I Did It Again' was one of the most highly anticipated albums of 2000. The 2nd album just flew into her lap after one of the most popular pop albums of the 90s 'Baby One More Time' (which sold 12 mill. in the US alone). Britney broke records, debuting at #1 a second time &amp; selling 1.5 mill. copies of 'Oops' in the 1st week. Being the only female artist to do that.<br />1.) Oops! ...I Did It Again (Max Martin &amp; Rami) - 1st Single<BR>Chart Stats: US - #9 / UK - #1<BR>Review: 'OIDIA' is a fun catchy 1st single. The music video gives it flavor also. Very good song. <br />2.) Stronger (Max Martin &amp; Rami) - 3rd Single<BR>Chart Stats: US - #11 / UK - #7<BR>Review: This is an independence song. More mature. The music video is amazing. Check out the remixes too.<br />3.) Don't Go Knockin' On My Door (Jake &amp; Rami)<BR>Review: Very catchy and a great pop song.<br />4.) (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction (Rodney Jerkins)<BR>Review: Britney's 2nd cover. Much better than 'The Beat Goes On'. Has an urban flavor.<br />5.) Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know (Robert John 'Mutt' Lange) (Co-Written By Shania Twain) - 4th Single<BR>Chart Stats: US - N/A / UK - #12<BR>Review: A very good song. Britney has finally broken some ties with Max Martin. Shania Twain is a great writer and this is a great song and was very under-rated.<br />6.) What U See (Is What U Get) (Per Magnusson, David Kreuger, &amp; Rami)<BR>Review: This is also a very well written pop song.<br />7.) Lucky (Max Martin &amp; Rami) - 2nd Single<BR>Chart Stats: US - #23 / UK: #5<BR>Review: This is a great song. Almost like a popstar anthem. Britney can probably relate to this song as well as others.<br />8.) One Kiss From You (Steve Lunt &amp; Larry 'Rock' Cambell)<BR>Review: This is a good ballad. Sounds like an updated 'From The Bottom Of My Broken Heart'.<br />9.) Where Are You Now (Max Martin &amp; Rami)<BR>Review: This is one of my all-time favorite Britney songs. I just love how she sings on it and its so relaxing.<br />10.) Can't Make You love Me (Kristian Lundin &amp; Jake)<BR>Review: This is an upbeat song and is different from some of the others. I like it.<br />11.) When Your Eyes Say It (Steve Lunt)<BR>Review: This is a good pop song. I love how she sings on it. Its a ballad.<br />12.) Dear Diary (Timmy Allen) (Co-Written By Britney)<BR>Review: This is a good song but not Britney's best. She co-wrote it which is good.<br />B-Sides<br />You Got It All - This is a good pop song, but not fit for 'Oops', I'm glad she didn't put it on the album.<br />Girl In The Mirror - This song is ok. It's also not fit for the album. I like it better than 'YGIA'.<br />Heart - This is best out of all 3 B-Sides. It could replace 'Diary'. I like it a lot.<br />Walk On By - Sounds like it should have been put on 'BOMT'<br />Britney returns as still the #1 female artist of our time.
0671015206|5.0|Many years ago I talked to some friends about how it would be sort of cool to be really rich, and then not to show it. To live a life just like normal people with normal homes and cars. <br />Little did I know that this is not the exception, but the rule! This is how millionaires become millionaires! The ones we *think* are rich, the &quot;rich and beautiful&quot; with flashy life styles mostly have big financial trouble, because they live above their means...<br />Learn how anybody can become rich. It is not easy, because it takes one hard thing: patience. But that is all.
0064407667|1.0|The Bad Beginning features plucky, brave, and wealthy siblings Violet, Kraus, and Sunny Baudelaire, who immediately become orphans and are whisked away to live with a cold and greedy relative, Count Olaf.  They are resourceful children and cleverly escape a near-tragedy, only to find themselves preparing to live with yet another unknown relative in Book Two.<br /><br />I was curious to see if this series lived up to the hype, and unfortunately for me, it didn't.  Maybe children are drawn to the author's quirky name, the Adams-family-like cover illustrations, or the the book's length (it's more like a short story than a novel).  In any event, the story is completely lacking in emotion or excitement; the very thin plot never captured my imagination or made me care about the characters.  The setting and time of the story are annoyingly vague (the children see horse-drawn wagons and also mention computers) and the plot alternates between trying to be real and fantasy.  There is little description of the children's grief or fears, and chores like cooking a meal are treated as child abuse.  Worst of all, the storyteller is very self-important and patronizing toward his readers, frequently interrupting the story to define words and warn about the supposedly horrible events to follow.
B00013EY7Q|1.0|I think that what really bothered me about this film was not whether or not it was &quot;exciting&quot; vs. &quot;real,&quot; which seems to be most of the arguments below, but the fact that the Murray-Johansson &quot;friendship&quot; didn't really bloom at all.  The only thing they had in common was being bored and lonely, he because his family (from which he is, apparently, becoming more estranged day by day) is halfway across the world from him, she because her husband is not merely (as the box describes him) a workaholic but the fact that she has practically nothing in common with him.<br />But herein lies a crux.  Murray and Johansson have nothing in common at all besides their loneliness.  As another reviewer put it, they &quot;have a mediocre time.&quot;  The nicest scene in the entire film was when they lay in bed just talking to each other...if there had been more of that, or if it had developed from there, it might have picked up a bit.<br />And then there is the interesting fact that neither of them ever even mentions their new &quot;friend&quot; to their respective spouses when talking to them...as if this friendship is so clandestine that no one is supposed to know about it.  At several points in the film, I kept hoping that the pair would be accidentally walked in on by her husband just to liven things up...pretty sad (not to mention predictable), but that's how bored I became by it all.<br />The only halfway interesting scene was when Murray's character goes to bed with the lounge singer.  You can tell it wasn't for love but for loneliness and, more interestingly, you get the impression that it was a sort of transference of his feelings for Johansson who he really wanted but dared not touch.  That, at least, was both real and profoundly human.  But otherwise, this film is all artsy style and a glimpse of Japanese culture through the eyes of a (bored) stranger, not much more...about a 75-minute film stretched out to an hour and 45 minutes.  You will, of course, be the ultimate judge, but all I can say is, if she were me I'd want Murray's character to take me to an art museum, a symphony concert, or just sit and talk things out more than they did.  If you want a good, well-acted comedy about two strangers coming together on some common ground, get &quot;As Good As It Gets.&quot;  This is a fairly dull, sad film, high on style but short on content.
B00005JMFQ|1.0|My girlfriend rented this movie, and it's one of the worst I've seen. Hugh Grant is a terrible actor and I knew that this movie would blow right when I saw that he was in it. <BR>This movie doesn't really have a set story or setting. It's just an annoying back-and-forth flick between different people's love life. I am very upset that I actually sat through this horrid film.
B00005Y7AW|3.0|I have to say I'm puzzled a bit by Rufus Wainwright. I don't think there's any question that his songs are refreshingly honest and different enough to be quite charming. And as a very long-time fan of the work of both his mother and father, I was predisposed to liking him. And I want to. But I can't. I can't get past his voice. I read another review here (I think of his debut album) that said his voice is nearly identical to his father's, but believe me it's not. Or at least it's not when he chooses to use his voice the way he does.<br />Rufus seems to have fallen into what seems to be a trend of the past 10-12 years or so, of males singing with what sounds for all the world like a much too-relaxed, non-enunciating delivery that makes all his vowels sound identical. Imagine a voice where every vowel sounds like &quot;hunh,&quot; complete with the nasality that collection of letters implies. Not only is it virtually impossible to understand a lot of his lyrics, the sound is just plain irritating. His parents' songs (especially his father's) would never have succeeded if you couldn't understand the words.<br />This seemed to begin with Hootie and the Blowfish, and besides Rufus's contribution, John Mayer seems to be a big proponent of this kind of delivery, too, though in their cases, it seems to be a deliberate slack-jawed, mush-mouth quality (I admit, I haven't heard Mayer's recordings, only his recent Austin City Limits performance). Why do they do this?<br />Just last night I attended one of this summer's Rufus/Ben Folds/Guster tour concerts, and the difference between Rufus and the others, in terms of legibility, was like night and day.<br />Rufus Wainwright may have all the musical talent in the world, but I can't listen to more than 5 minutes of that voice.
0198320310|5.0|The Oxford School Shakespeare series is excellent for students, both high schoolers and undergraduates.  They provide play text that is clearly and attractively laid out on the page with copious notes and annotations, as well as line-drawings and illustrations to enliven and elucidate.  The introductory material on sources, plot summary, characterizations, thematic interpretations, music, and even suggestions for classwork and projects for expanded study, are excellent.  Highly recommended!
0739313126|3.0|My husband and I listened to most of this unabridged reading while painting our kitchen. He was enthralled with all of the little secrets and thought it very exciting. I, on the other hand, found it tedious and repetitive and soon felt trapped in my kitchen with no escape in sight. The characters lacked personality and the voice of the protagonist's love interest (her name escapes me now) was cringe worthy and sent shudders of horror down my spine every time she &quot;spoke&quot;. I guess your level of enjoyment of this very popular novel will depend on your interest in the Holy Grail and secret societies, all of which interest me not even a wee bit.
0375713751|5.0|Superficially, this book is a testament to the heroic efforts of working mothers, struggling to maintain a career in a patriarchal society, while simultaneously living up to the June Cleaver image of the ideal parent. If you were to only read the first few chapters, or if you looked at the blithely superficial review quotes on the back of the dust jacket, you might think that this is all there is to this book.<br />At first, the book seems so wrapped up in its \\"I do everything and no one appreciates me\\" message, it's easy to see how men might dismiss it as \\"Geez, this sounds like my wife whining\\", and how women might embrace it as \\"Geez, finally someone is speaking up for me\\". In either case, such a simplistic rendering would be a pity, because it might mean missing the real message... which I won't reveal to you, lest I spoil the story's ending.<br />It would also be a shame to miss the truly brilliant literary aspects of this book. It is chock full of clever allusions and wordplay. You won't find technique like this in your typical Michael Crichton pulp novel.<br />But for everyone, there is no escaping the heart-wrenching emotion that Allison Pearson is able to convey. It seeps into the writing the way emotion seeps into your head: in a roundabout way, triggered by everyday observations, connected to thoughts and memories. It's sadness and joy mixed together, it's shades of grey, it's the complexity that burdens all of us.<br />There are a number of people to whom I won't recommend this book, because it's unlikely they would get it. (That includes Newsweek reviewer Cathleen McGuigan, quoted on the back cover as saying: \\"I don't know a man on the planet who would get this book--or a woman who wouldn't.\\" Umm, Ms. McGuigan, apparently, you didn't get this book, because if you did, you'd appreciate why I did.) But for those who are willing to invest the brainpower and look beneath the surface, I'd say it's well worth the effort.
B00008EYA5|3.0|Action from beginning to end. Not a very good plot, but you forget about all of that because of all of the bullets flying.
B00005JNA2|5.0|I was lucky to catch a screening Before Sunset on June 26th.  If you are a fan of the first movie, you will love this one as well.  Warning-mild spoilers ahead.  The plot is simple, Celine shows up at Jesse's book signing nine years after the first film takes place, he has just over an hour before he has to catch his flight back to the US.  They of course, spend the time walking and talking and the film take's place in real time, about 70 mins.  One of the brilliant things about the movie is  to see how the characters have changed over time, they are the same people with nine years of life experience under their belts.  They are less idealistic and slightly beaten down by life while still managing to retian some of their youthful idealism.  The conversation starts off akwardly but they quickly find the same magical connection they had in Vienna,  except both of them now appreciate how rare a thing that is. They discuss their one night in Vienna and who showed up six months later (one did, one didn't).  They discuss their lives, the tiumphs and disappointments, the dreams met and the one's left unfulfilled.  The conversation natually want's to become a \\"what if\\" discussion and both of them struggle against it trying to deal with what is rather then what might have been.  One of the things I loved about the first film was the ambiguous ending.  The ending of this one is even better.  It doesn't cop out with the typical hollywood happy ending and manages to be completely satisfying while retaining the same ambiguity as the first one.  In short, this is the rare film that isn't dumbed down for the masses and stays true to itself and it's characters.  I highly recommend it.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|To me, this is their best album. Now, I know a lot of people won't agree with me on this because they liked their more progressive sides. I like that side too but found myself more into this album. The riffs are pounding as Petrucci seems to be using his 7 string guitar a lot in this album and although there are only 7 songs, there's enough of each to pass around. My personal favorite song on here was Endless Sacrifice although every song here is amazing. Some people are also a little disappointed with Labrie's &quot;rapping.&quot; Yes, I realize they are trying to sound sorta nu-metal but believe me, they are nothing close to nu-metal. Anyways, that's my review and I recommend this album to anyone who loves shred, metal, or Dream Theater.
B000002ADT|1.0|Okay- here goes,<BR>Now, first of all there is NO ONE that can possibly even doubt Davis' ability as a player.  You listen to ANY OTHER trumpet player then listen to him and you will right a way be able to tell how he has his own unique voice whenever he plays his instrument.  It is so different than anyone else, and his soundis INCREDIBLY hard to reproduce, most trumpet players can only dream of having a sound and dynamic control like his.  Being able to play stuff like this that isn't just fast lound and flashy, and keep it MUSICAL is true genius.  You listen to anything on this cd and it is all GENIUS.  It really takes a true genius to come up with the stuff he does.  After hearing the album Davis makes it extremely clear the mood he was trying to convey to us because thats what music is....a language and he definately says something with this album.  No matter if you like it or not, NO ONE can disagree thathe does not get what he wants to say said through this album, because Jazz truly is a great artform- where someone like him can actually do something like this and say so much through music.  So honestly, whether you as an individual likes it or not does not matter, because this album besides being hailed as the greatest jazz album of all time, and just plain being insanely amazing, is a true statement of Davis' genius, and this album is truly the greatest piece of art and mastery ever to be created, even though some may not like the music- he gets what he wants said.
B00005JMX4|3.0|THE GIRL NEXT DOOR is a likeable comedy.  Look beyond the raunch and smut, participate in the many laughs the humor brings, and try to dig deeper and deeper.  You'll find something.<br />Could it be ::gasp:: heart and maturity?  Could you find a couple of significant life lessons?  Perhaps you have heard them before.  THE GIRL NEXT DOOR has no qualms about reiterating them for today's teen and adult world - that's the audience this flick is targeted at.<br />THE GIRL NEXT DOOR borrows more than a little bit from the classic 80's flick RISKY BUSINESS.  Pay attention closely.  Emile Hirsch plays Matthew, filling the shoes of the straightedge Tom Cruise role.  Elisha Cuthbert is ethereal, with a Marilyn Monroe-esque appeal.  Here, rather than conquering the role of Kiefer Sutherland's daughter on the drama 24, she is the Rebecca DeMornay character.<br />Much of this comedy occurs in the high school world.  Matthew is a straightedge who is Ivy League-bound to Georgetown, hopefully by scholarship.  He has a few close buds who are nothing like him, depicted as porno-obsessed and headed off to some random community college.  The night he sees Danielle (Elisha), he is instantaneously transfixed by how beautiful she is.  For the summer, she'll be house-sitting the place next door.  The two teens get to know each other and soon enjoy one another's company very much, as friends, basically - with the potential to be more.<br />The potential declines thanks to one of Matthew's buds.  He has discovered a porno film with a familiar-looking star.  To Matthew's shock, the sexy starlet is none other than Danielle, who at first glance, had an innocent sort of allure to her.  Rather than being psyched to personally know a porn star, he's more shocked than anything else - shocked to near tears, actually.  He knows he needs to help Danielle to leave her shady past behind.  But how can he with her ex-boyfriend and porno producer (Timothy Olyphant) back in the picture, trying to get her back into the biz?  Those attempts to lure Danielle back into the world of film sex are succeeding, to Matthew's dismay.  Once Olyphant leaves the film, he takes much of the heart with him.  <br />Still, there's enough heart left over for a few additional laughs, I suppose, despite the fact it's rather difficult for me to fathom how this stole profusely from RISKY BUSINESS, which is annoying, being that I search for originality in a movie...<br />What are the lessons of THE GIRL NEXT DOOR?  It's never too late to start over, no matter how wretched your past.  And sometimes, those straightedges need to loosen up and let the good times roll, if you get the gist of what I'm saying.<br />Will Matthew's determination be enough to save Danielle from the porn industry?  Will it be good enough to help her reclaim her innocence?  AND WILL MATTHEW AND DANIELLE HOOK UP?<br />Don't you just wish...
B00003CXXP|5.0|To betray innocence is a terrible thing, but to create innocence only to destroy it is far worse.<br />The best thing that you can say about this movie is that it is definitely not formula written- it makes you think. Nor is it a &quot;feel good&quot; movie. And it is definitely not a children's movie.<br />What it is, is a modern fable or fairy tale- and the fairy tales of old were not written for children- they told deep primal or tribal truths. This tale tells a deep truth about our modern tribe- namely that modern man is no bloody good. The robots are portrayed as decent, innocent beings. The aliens are portrayed as decent, compassionate, and wise. However, not one human in the film comes across as a sympathetic character. Even &quot;mommy&quot; ends up betraying and abandoning the main character &quot;David.&quot; Humans use and exploit and brutalize. In fact, when humans finally become extinct by the end of the film you accept it as a very good thing....<br />You can also see this film as parable about how mankind has traditionally treated animals, or children, or workers, or the poor. Whenever it has been possible to betray trust and behave abominably, mankind has always sank to the task. Why should we believe that we would treat intelligent machines any better than we have traditionally treated each other?
B00000I9P0|5.0|Not only does the movie kick a**, but so does the soundtrack. What happened to this kind've music? We went from bada** bands<BR>like Survivor and AC/DC to jokes like Nsync and all the other &quot;little&quot; boys that think they are bands
0393057658|5.0|Being a bay area fan of sports I first picked up Moneyball out of sheer curiosity. I wanted to know how baseball is ran, and this book told me everything. <BR>Michael Lewis travels as close to chronologically as he possibly can throght the A's 2002 season (the 20 wins season) from the draft you are captivated by the story and evaluation Billy Bean has put into play seen no where else in baseball. How these men intelligent men, Billy and Paul and other ivy league graduates have broken baseball sucess into numbers makes you review the box score a lot more differently. We learn the feel of a draft room (since we never seen the MLB draft which is done behind doors) the intense phone calls and interaction between everyone in the organization who assisted in evaluating prospects. <BR>Lewis doesn't stop there, he also takes us into the baseball world on the last day of trading. Once again we are like people watching Billy like in a zoo, do his magic on numerous GM in the league. <BR>The story is mostly about Billy Bean and how in hell was he able to get away with that he did to other GMs. Billy is very coercive and able to instigate trades to help himself. What astounds me is how no one caught onto him. In the book were are not only observing a process but also introduced to many characters that are valuable to the A's. From scouts to owners to managers, to the two underdogs of baseball Scott Hatteberg and Chad Bradford, (whom Lewis devotes whole chapters to)<BR>What I enjoyed most was the brief look into the world of baseball, as a student who was considering a major in sports management this book facinated me every step of the way.
B000050HTO|1.0|Aw for chrissake people!! Just spent 10 or 11 bucks a pop on the newly released and remastered original albums. ITS BOB DYLAN!! There are plenty of superior album tracks on the original albums that these cuts are culled from.  For example, you can't have appreciated Bob without ever having heard &quot;Visions of Johana.&quot;
B00003CXBK|1.0|I am at a loss for words on this movie.  I saw Spirited Away and could watch it over and over for all the charming characters and animation in that movie.  True, there were many interesting creatures and many things that were almost dream-like, BUT, thinking I would get the same type of movie........I hesitantly rented Princess Mononoke.  The animation was just not up to par like Spirited Away, and the story was just so hard to make yourself understand that I just had to turn it off 3/4 of the way through.  And I really wanted to like this movie too.  But its unfair to take anyone's review and make a judgement, just rent this one before you buy it....you might only be out $4 instead of $30.
B0001CCXZW|3.0|I love the Gilmore Girls but whoever made this DVD didn't spend time proofing it. Between Disc 4 and Disc 5, there was an obvious missing link in the storyline. The start of Disc 5 shows Rory explaining to her mother that she and Dean broke up. The first episode in Disc 5 was entitled &quot;The Breakup, Part II&quot;.. ok, so where was Part I?
B00005JMFR|3.0|The first Matrix presented a profound philosophy that is very timely to the way the world is going.  It was such an interesting concept.  You could contemplate the philosophy for days.<br />However, like George Lucas and the latest Star Wars films, the lure of creating the ultimate visual showpiece took over the director's attention in the latest film.  Revolutions almost completely lost track of that mystery presented in the first film, and we're left with just another shallow, sci-fi, effects/action film.  I would say it was hardly any deeper in storyline that say, Stormship Troopers.  Just masses of overwhelming, and unbelievable attacks from CGI enemies.<br />The movie is worth seeing, just to be impressed by the technical movie-production feat is accomplishes.  They have some inovative use of movie-magic.  I personally, really enjoy special effects for special effects' sake.  The challenge of puting together the complex puzzle of live action, miniatures, and CGI to seemlessly blend is very interesting.  Asside from that, this movie is just shallow.  I really wish they would have openned more mind twisting philosophy, but unfortunately they did not.
0451191153|1.0|Ayn Rand has a single idea-- and she pounds it into your head with a two-by-four.  Seriously, Ms. Rand-- you don't have to spend 400 pages telling us that we need to chase our dreams no matter what.  A single episode of the Care Bears will do that nicely.<BR>   Also, characterizing Mr. Roarke as an uncompromising, empathy-less ogre does not make him endearing.  Blowing up a building just so people who aren't as smart as you can't see it is pretty arrogant-- I'd say that's falling into the realm of being an all-out tool.<BR>  While, admittedly,  Rand's idea was probably revolutionary when it came out-- especially considering the Soviet Union was foaming at the mouth and running rampant all over Eastern Europe at the time-- it hasn't aged well at all.  The only people who will find inspiration in this book are whiney college freshmen-- most of whom don't have the attention-span of a wood tick-- let alone one long enough to read this doorstop.<BR>I understand there's a university you can apply to that will give you a degree in Rand's philosophy-- I'd like to see how long the manager at McDonald's will put up with you refusing to cook the fries because it goes against your &quot;absolute individualism&quot;.
079073804X|5.0|A great artistic masterpiece, with acting and scenery so sincere and genuine it all feels documentary.<br />The only good about the &quot;Version You've Never Seen&quot; is the added spider-walk scene which is very creepy; although it may be so strong that it attracts too much attention to itself, causing some unbalance in the film. <BR>The added images on the walls I can't understand why they did. Demon manifestations don't live a life by themselves, they are primarily inner states of a person that are then projected and manifested without for the person. (I have had my own experience of this through a harrowing experience, when a cat which I was unable to help died a painful death before me; afterwards a demon visage appeared in the light from a candle, that was shining and reflecting through a glass, forming a picture onto the table before me. Looking into its eyes and raging mouth I stared right into the Abyss. It was no imagined thing, since I consciously noticed that it had the correct anatomy of an actual head.)<BR>Furthermore these images on the walls, which are really only for the audience's eyes alone and not relating to the actors in the movie, make me think of the interactive computor-games of our modern age, where the viewer is part of the events on the screen. Such added new visual cosmetics really doesn't belong in a 1970s movie.<br />I recommend the 25th Anniversary Edition, which is the original version. It is also better paced. Another added scene in &quot;The Version You've Never Seen&quot; is of Regan's first visit to the hospital for tests; it comes too abruptly, and Regan being in her mother's bed, telling her that she couldn't sleep because her own bed was shaking, doesn't really seem to warrant it.
B00005OM4N|5.0|This is my favorite Britney CD.. I can listen to this one over and over again.  It's a good CD to have in the car, at home and for working out.  She has a lot of very great beats and the songs have more variety than her new CD which is all about sex.  I really enjoyed her remix of Rock'n'Roll, Overprotected, Boys, & Slave 4 U.<BR>Britney sells CD's because she is cute, the songs are uplifting and it's marketed very well.  Her voice isn't the best, but it's still catchy and cheers me up.  I recommend this CD for anyone under 30.
B0002DKCMG|5.0|Take the classic movie National Lampoon's European Vacation, and more modern comedy, Road Trip, and stick 'em together....You get Eurotrip. <BR>The producer's of Road Trip and Old School get together again, and make another great film. This movie is loaded with so much intense profanity, drinking, drugs, and much more...it is just fun, plain and simple.<BR>But, if this type of stuff offends you, then this is probably not the movie for you. Go check out the Sound of Music, or something.<BR>But, for those of you who want a side-splitting comedy, buy or rent this movie NOW!!!!!!
0385659806|5.0|What could have been a catastrophe is instead a remarkable book. The author does well to point out the significant parts for us to read while leaving the less than perfect quietly at rest. I recommend this book highly. Ranking it up there with the likes of Nightmares Echo,Sickened,Running With Scissors and Dry
B0000AM6K2|5.0|By far one of the best albums I've ever heard.
B00006RG9K|5.0|God, you guys are such idiots.  Genesis has been awesome throughout its 30 years of existence.  And Jesse or whatever your name was,  Calling All Stations was the worse - and yet it was still good - album by Genesis.  The Phil Collins era was the best thing to happen to the band despite some of the creativity Peter Gabriel had taken away by leaving, and the DVD proves it.  GENESIS RULES, (...)
B00000IQC8|5.0|\\"Clerks\\" is a movie written and directed by Kevin Smith. I have almost seen all of Smiths works. He has made six movies in total. The ones I have seen are \\"Clerks,\\" \\"Mallrats,\\" \\"Chasing Amy,\\" \\"Dogma,\\" and \\"Jersey Girl.\\" The one I didn't see was \\"Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back\\" but I plan on seeing that. I have already rewarded \\"Dogma\\" with five stars, and this is probably the second best movie that he has made. The difference is that this movie is probably more realistic. The entire movie is just conversations between these characters except for one scene one the roof with a hockey match. The entire film is shot in black and white and the movie works better with the black and white. The color could describe the lives of the characters. There lives aren't so great to have everything in color, and the black and white shows how everything is the same. Every day for these characters is the same. \\"Clerks\\" is hilarious, fun, and provides some very insightful dialouge. Interesting dialouge is things about \\"Star Wars\\", the customers, and just everyday things. It is very interesting to hear what these people have to say. They are saying things that me and you would say.<br />The movie is a day in the life of two grocery store clerks. Dante and Randall. Dante has to get up every mourning, clean the grafitti off the side of the store, and have to deal with various customers. Some make him angry, and some of the them aren't a problem at all. Randall is the wise cracking and insightful guy who works right next door at the video store. The only thing is, he works in the video store, but he is always hanging out with Dante at the grocery store with the name Quick Stop. Throughout the movie, we get a look at the character's personal lives. Dante is dating Veronica Loughran, but he really wants to go out with Caitlin Bree, who he has liked since high school. As the day goes on, Dante and Randall have encounters with a hocket game that Dante has to go play, a funeral, and Jay and Silent Bob, who are two drug addicts. Jay, who is always talking and using profanity in his dialouge, while Silent Bob never talks. Every now and then he'll say one word or so, but mostly he just stands there and smokes with Jay. Dante knows that the day will end soon, but it's getting there that'll be hard.<br />\\"Clerks\\" was a great movie. It was one of the most entertaining movies that I have ever seen, and at a 90 minute running time, it felt that it was very fast. Some of the conversations were very interesting, my favorite being the one about Star Wars, and which movie is better. \\"The Empire Strikes Back,\\" or \\"Return of the Jedi.\\" It is very interesting to hear what Dante and Randall have to say about each movie. \\"Clerks\\" has been around for about ten years now, and a Ten Year Anniversary DVD is coming this year. Be sure to check it out once it comes out. The movie was originally going to be NC-17 only because of the dialouge, but an appeal brought it down to an R. I didn't think that the dialouge was that bad or explicit, but in 1994 it was a different time, and this movie is very different from others.<br />ENJOY!<br />Rated R on appeal for extensive use of extremely explicit sex-related dialogue.
078681859X|5.0|What a book! This is the first one I've read in many years that had me laughing out loud in bursts of surprise. It reminds me pleasantly of Shrek 2. There are so many jokes lying in wait that you can hardly digest them all at once. The best part of the book is the sarcastic attitude it takes towards itself, and towards all fantasy/sci-fi books in general. For example, the back cover. The bold \\"summary\\" was so trite, babbling on about London, magicians, and promised drama, that I almost skipped over it. Then I saw the footnotes. After that I couldn't wait to read it. The author makes fun of the typical melodrama found in fantasy books (when a main character dies, the other characters neither retreat into typical dripping tears nor stony silence--both of which would make them less believable) by speaking through the saucy Bartimaeus. The alternating points of view were done amazingly well, making sure the reader didn't drown too much in either sarcasm or melancholy. Bartimaes is hilarious, but you can detect the kindness/soft side (shown in a few brief references to the Egyptian boy he once knew) he that he hides under his perpetual jokes. And Nathaniel is wonderfully complex. The result is absolutely brilliant. If you've read the usual fantasy (Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter, Artemis Fowl) and want something witty, clever, and just as original, read this book. I couldn't put it down. And the ending is marvelously thought out. The ending is solid, well-done, and satisfactory, but it leaves enough hints at what the sequel will be about. When it comes out, I will certainly buy it. This has truly been the best new book I've read in months. What a shame it doesn't receive the credit or fame it deserves! We hear more about books such as Eragon and Sabriel, which both lack real characters, than about The Amulet.
B00008EY9G|4.0|The best part about &quot;Identity&quot; is that it didn't drag on for long amounts of time, and it felt like it started right away. It stars John Cusack from &quot;Serendipity&quot; and this is a totally different kind of movie. &quot;Serendipity&quot; being a sweet, romantic comedy, while &quot;Identity&quot; is a dark and disturbing thriller. It is loosely based on the mystery story &quot;And Then There Was One&quot; written by crime writer Agatha Cristie. I never read the story, so I can't say how similar the two are, but I know the basic ideas, and both of the stories are pretty much the same, plot wise. An istant problem with &quot;Identity&quot; is Ray Liotta who is a terrible actor. He is similar to Dennis Quiad, who is worse. Dennis Quaid seems to overact in every movie that I see him in, including &quot;The Alamo&quot; and &quot;Far From Heaven.&quot; Liotta also overacts, only he does it worse. He never seems to be able to grab his character and steer him in the right direction. It always feels like he is reading his lines on a cue card taped on a wall. Amanda Peet was in the movie. She is a cute little actress, who is good in &quot;Something's Gotta Give&quot; and &quot;The Whole Ten Yards,&quot; but this is another actress who is in a totally different role based on her past movies. The rest of the cast seems to be filled with unknowns except for Prutt Taylor Vince who is thought was good in &quot;Simone&quot; as well as Alfred Molina, who having no clue who he was when I saw this in the theatre, but recently saw him in the comic gem &quot;Coffee and Cigarettes.&quot; <br />&quot;Identity&quot; starts off with the audience being introduced to Malcolm Rivers. He is charged with such a heavy crime, that he is about to be executed the next day. His psychiatrist wants to prove that Rivers is not mentally able to be the person to commit the crimes, and he convinced a judge to stand before Rivers and check again to make sure he didn't really commit his crimes. Miles away in a small hotel, a flash flood has brought many strangers together. George, his wife Alice, and his stepson Timmy have pulled into a hotel after an accident injured Alice. The accident had Alice getting hit by limo driver Ed, who hit her while they were changing a tire. Ed is bringing the former famous actress Caroline to wherever she needs to be. They go to the hotel after learning that the roads are flooded, and it turns out that the phones at the hotel do not work because of an accident involving a women named Paris hitting the telephone polls. Two more clusters of people come to the hotel. One is a cop named Rhodes who is bringing a murderer to someplace, and a newlywed couple. All of these people rent rooms in the hotel from Larry, and everything is alright. They agreed to wait until the storm lets up to get help. Everything is going fine until one of the guests die in a brutal way. Everyone is shocked and one by one the guests begin to die, as the remaining people try to figure out who is doing the killing, and who is going to be killed next, while also trying not to be killed, all leading up to a surprising and shocking conclusion.<br />&quot;Identity&quot; is a great thriller, and it is short enough to never be distracted by it. It seemed like it went very fast, and it only clocked in at around 95 minutes. I was really impressed by the ending, and it's one of those movies where you can't have anybody tell you what happens. It would only ruin the experience for you. Even though some movies with a surprise twist are easy to watch again, like &quot;Matchstick Men&quot; and &quot;Godsend&quot; this is not one of them. This is one of those movies where the twist affects the entire movie. In order not to ruin the movie, watch &quot;Identity&quot; and watch &quot;Matchstick Men&quot; back to back. The entire movie of &quot;Identity&quot; is based on the twist, and without it, it would be a totally different movie. The twist makes the movie better thanit really is, even though this is a good movie. It is very entertaining, fun, and it has it share of good acting. Watch it once without anybody interrupting or ruining it for you, and then remember it, because it'll be better if you don't see it again. Leave a fresh image of this movie in your mind.<br />ENJOY!<br />Rated R for Strong Violence and Language.
0064471837|3.0|Garth Nix had some good ideas, but the characters are two-dimensional. They lack conviction, and it's difficult to relate to them. Sabriel's acceptance of her role as Abhorsen comes too easily. True, she does protest at first to the title, and asks to be called Sabriel, but that is the extent of her struggle. In order for modern-day readers to relate to her, she needed more depth, more regret than just sudden stabs of guilt at the people dying all around her. She was just a trite, paper cut-out of someone who's basically always brave, stone-cold with just brief moments of real emotion. Also, the action sequences needed refinement. Sabriel and Touchstone's escape from the resevoir was too easy, as there was no pursuit. Also, the silver ring seemed to be the answer to everything. In the final confrontation with Kerrigor, I knew the outcome before it ever happened. It became obvious as soon as the ring was mentioned again. And, that fight was described in much of the same words as the initial fight between Sabriel and Mogget-without-the-collar. There were no tricks or cleverness to the sequence of events. I liked the bells, and the way the author emphasized the difference between the worlds on either side of the Wall, and how it was reflected in his writing style. But overall, this was just another typical quest story, with stony characters who lacked real personality.
0805062971|5.0|I am flabbergasted.  You people don't get it all!!  This explains a lot, thank you.
0156027321|5.0|This is a brilliantly written tale of a young boy, Pi, who learns the true meaning of love in a seemingly obscure way.  The author does and amazing job bringing the story to life with his powerful imagery. You would think that he'd spent months on his own lifeboat with a menagerie of animals.  This is the type of book that will keep you reading through the night. A must read for all fiction-lovers!
B00018TI5E|5.0|Shadows Collide With People is John Frusciante's fourth solo release (fifth if you consider From The Sounds Inside, his free internet album) and, in my opinion, his best. While the music is more polished than ever, what makes it different from his other albums, in my opinion, is the wider range of instruments and sounds used. Now it's not just John on vocals, guitar, and keyboards with a drum machine, but he also plays bass, and has Josh Klinghoffer (formerly from The Bicycle Thief) on guitars, bass, keyboards, and vocals; and Chad Smith (Red Hot Chili Peppers) on drums, on nearly every song. Other guest appearences include Omar Rodriguez (Mars Volta) on slide guitar on 'Chances' and '23 Go Into End' and Flea (Red Hot Chili Peppers) on bass on 'The Slaughter'.<BR>While these set this album apart from the others, this is still John Frusciante, and each song is charged with emotion, and represents some of the most beautiful music I've ever (and possibly that you've ever) heard. In John's own words, Shadows is all about &quot;interesting chord progressions.&quot; The music is as simple as it can get, the guitar usually plays just chords. But it does so in an amazing way.<BR>While, as I said, this is his most polished album yet, this album's still not for everyone. If you think the vocals have to be good for the music to be good, you might not like this. John is not a typically good singer (not at all) and people sometimes cannot accept this. I personally think they're wrong.<BR>This CD is unique in its own way, and it's the kind of music you can listen to a million times and still love it just as much.
B00003CXAW|5.0|Most of the other reviews fail to notice the artistry of the music in this classic.  The music can stand alone as a symphony, every bit as wonderful for its time as John Williams is now.  Especially listen to how it keeps tempo with the footsteps of the characters.  It builds tension at just the right times, and keeps the listener interested.  If you just close your eyes, you will be able to remember scenes and action merely from the music.  If you become a fan of Steiner, find other old classics that he helped become classics through his wonderful music.
B0000DJZA5|4.0|Yes, the embarassment of hearing squealing orchestral mush in a Beatles album is finally over. This is a respectable album by any standards.<br />Given that the album was meant to be a stripped down -  un- adorned piece so that one could hear them as one would in a room; one has had to reimagine a lot through Phil Spectors lavish ways, and indifferent technology.<br />Its been great to hear the real killers on this version - ' I've Got a feeling', For You blue and One After 909 (which is BTW the one of oldest Lennon -McCartney songs ) - Songs which were disdained in the production can finally be heard in the full raw.<br />This Is a great album to understand what production does and how crucial it is for this kind of recorded music.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|There enough reviews out there to get your own ideas about the movie. I just want to add a few little things that I thought were awesome...<br />The first was Charlotte's husband's actress friend. Her alias was Evelyn Waugh, the master satirist. She came straight out of one of his books with the &quot;I'm not anorexic, my dad is.&quot; and &quot;My dad fought in the Bay of Pigs in &quot;ku-ba&quot;.&quot; Classic stuff...<br />The other thing was when Charlotte and Bob were together in his room watching the classic, La Dolce Vita. Fit the scene and the whole movie perfectly...<br />Just a great, great movie...
B000001E18|5.0|Like another reviewer said, this does take time to appreciate - especially for hardened U2 fans like myself. It took me about a year to really really like this album. On first hearing I was pleasantly surprised but not bowled over as I usually am the first time I hear a U2 album.<br />The album takes a while to lift off with the interference intro of Zooropa but once those familiar Edge style licks rear their head out of the chaos, its pure heaven. The song Zooropa comes in 3 stages - the long intro (as mentioned), then a slow dreamy journey followed by a punchy finale. Its a great song and the only time I've heard it played live was at Wembley in London during the Zooropa leg of the ZooTV tour.<br />Babyface is a grower.  A cheaky little number you might say!<br />Numb - forget it, this song sucks chunks big time throwup. I dislike this song with a passion. When they played it at the gig I attended, I wanted to grab that big remote control of Bonos and point it at Edge!<br />Lemon - This may be the best song on the album. Fantastic and highly addictive. Its one of those songs that gets under your skin and you NEED to hear it!<br />Stay - This song is already a legend. Brilliant! Nuff said.<br />Daddy's Gonna Pay... - A really great industrial drumming experience. This song was brilliant live.<br />Some Days Are Better... -  and some songs are better also. Great bass though - it really vibrates the speakers!<br />The First Time - Emotional, mood-driven and hypnotic. I do wish someone would have handed Bono a kleenex and some vicks though - he needs to clear his nasal passages. 'I have bany bansions...' etc<br />Dirty Day - This is more like the U2 we know and love. This song is a more up-to-date Exit. Same formula - also see New York. Still, its a great song.<br />Wanderer - I didnt get this to start with. I thought it was pretty crap. After a few years I listened to the album all the way through and kept hitting the rewind button to repeat this. It certainly grew on me funnily enough.<br />Zooropa doesnt rank as one of the best U2 albums but it has something none of the others have. When you listen to it you get a unique experience. Its not a rocker, its not for dancing and its not for chilling out (if you fall asleep during the Wanderer there is an alarm at the end of the song to kick you up). Its just simply Zooropa and its great!<br />cheers
B0001NBMBC|5.0|I don't need a long review, just know that I think this is a great album. Please, don't bother reviewing if you're just gonna spew the same &quot;I hate nu-metal!!!&quot; crap, this is metal, pure and simple, nu-metal is just hard rock with a fancy name, it's not real, and if you believe in it you are a RETARD.
B00000JLWW|4.0|First of all, this movie is an absolute masterpiece. I have no idea why there's been such a sudden backlash against it, people are just stupid. This is a glorious film, incredible production values, first class acting, dynamic special effects, breathtaking cinematography, wonderful story, outstanding music, everything about the film is just perfect. I can't find one fault in it. The way it depicts the human struggles of the characters, the arrogance of the ship's owners and passengers, the sheer proportions of the sinking, is nothing short of brilliance. You're involved with the characters and their struggles from beginning to end, it's incredible. One of the best movies ever made, period. Don't listen to those morons who call this film trash, they wouldn't know art if it came up and spat in their face. I'd give the film a very solid 10 out of 10.<br />Now for the DVD, dissapointing to say the least. You have all the regular DVD goodies (scene selection, language settings, flashy menu screens, etc.), but all you get by means of special features is the original theatrical trailer. Good trailer, but for such a grand film you would expect all the making-of documentaries, and whatnot. Oh well. Rumor has it that Paramount is in the process of developing a &quot;special edition&quot; DVD, so keep your fingers crossed!
B000002UB6|4.0|Even though this was recorded before Abbey Road, Let It Be was the final release of the Beatles, and it feels like their last recording. Phil Spector must have been baffled with the tapes he received, because his production here is sloppy: besides famously overpowering The Long and Winding Road with too much orchestration (granted, some disagree) he adds bits of dialogue, goofing, and warming up to the main tracks. This is probably to give the album more of a &quot;live&quot; feel as was the original intention, but Let It Be feels too rough and uneven. Still, there's some appeal to that raw vibe (when it doesn't feel forced by Spector or overpowered by orchestration). Nonetheless, I prefer Let It Be...Naked and recommend it to the casual fan who wants the songs here (save Maggie Mae and Dig It which aren't included on Naked. However, I doubt any casual fans will be looking for those songs). While Let It Be doesn't earn 5 stars in my book, I can't give it a very low rating either, because some of these songs are just fantastic, even if the delivery of the product isn't as polished as Naked. Let It Be, Across the Universe and I've Got a Feeling are pretty unforgettable. Other favorites of mine include Dig a Pony, Two of Us, and the underrated For You Blue, which is catchy as hell. Also it must be stated that Get Back is a great album closer, complete with the sketchy start, the spirited live playing, and the humorous outro which is a nice touch to end the Beatles' last album (&quot;hope we passed the audition...&quot;) As a song list, Let It Be is hard to beat. Completists (like me) shouldn't hesitate to buy this CD. If you have this, the dozen other Beatles albums, and the two Past Masters collections, you've got everything the Beatles released in the eight years between Ringo joining and Paul publicly calling it quits.<BR>4/6
0312995423|5.0|I'm glad I didn't look at the reviews before I read this book because I would have missed out for sure.  I think ignorance is bliss in this case.  I am a reasonably intelligent person with enough knowledge of computers to operate and fix my own, however, I certainly don't have enough experience to be able to discount all of the 'facts' in this book -- and for that I am greatful.<br />I don't usually write reviews but I felt compelled to do so with this one because I don't feel that the reviews posted accurately rated this book.  That's not to say that I disagree with what the other reviewers are saying, I just think it's HOW you look at a book. <br />I guess if you read it with the idea that it's like a Hollywood movie -- great storyline, but pretty far-fetched -- you will enjoy it a lot more, instead of viewing it as some kind of documentary.<br />I thoroughly enjoyed this book and Angels &amp; Demons and look forward to Deception Point and The DaVinci Code next.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|WOW OMG AVRIL LAVIGNES NEW CD IS SO AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!! WHO EVER HAS NTO GOT THE CD YET SHOULD GO OUT AND GET THE CD. I CANT  STOP LISTEN TO HER ALBUM. I JUST LOVE HER SONGS ON HERV NEW CD DONT TELL ME, TOGETHER, WHO KNOWS, NOBODY'S HOME,...ECT THERE ALL GREAT U ALL SHOULD REALLY  BUY THE CD U.WHEN U LISTEN TO THE  SONGS THEY ARE SO  GOOD U WOULD WANT TO LISTEN TO THEM OVER AND OVER AGAIN.
B00005JM1F|1.0|People complain that this is a rip-off of Animal House.  It isn't.  It is even worse.  It is a rip-off of Revenge of the Nerds.  Only it doesn't have the wit, charm or likeable characters.  <br />My teenage kids watched this movie on the airplane during a family vacation.  They saw I was renting the DVD and told me it was a crappy movie.  I didn't believe them.  I thought that because they were young, maybe they just didn't get it.  Maybe they couldn't relate to some middle aged men trying to recapture some of their youth. Or maybe the jokes were just too mature or referenced too much of the seventies. But, they were right.  It has nothing to do with character study at all.  It is just a bunch of dumb, juvenile jokes that even teenagers don't think is funny.   <br />This movie starts off promising, and there are some funny moments in the first half.  But, after that, it just gets tiresome and boring.  The last half is pulled right out of Revenge of the Nerds, where the frat house has to go through a number of trials to keep their house.  The trials are so contrived and uninteresting that it is just excrutiating to watch. <br />I didn't think that the DVD extras were worth getting.  How good can deleted scenes of a bad movie be?  <br />I saw the \\"unrated\\" version, expecting some racy material.  I don't know what was added, but it must have been a very tame movie in the theaters.  This \\"unrated\\" version is just barely R.  Will Ferrell's butt, a few quick glimpses of breasts and a suggested head job that really didn't happen.  Airplane! was racier than this.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|... films I've ever seen. Marvellously understated writing and acting (Murray is revelatory) about _real_ people in a _real_ place, not the usual Hollywood cliches that most people expect from movies--and that lots of people apply to real life, for that matter. Like Ebert wrote, your reaction to this film says more about you than the film. This is a brave movie that dares to let us really feel the boredom, bemusement, alienation, and anxiety of its characters without hitting us over the head. <br />Lost in Translation doesn't use the traditional language of cinema to tell us what to feel at every juncture, so you can't expect to appreciate this film if you go into it expecting a formulaic bit of light Hollywood entertainment. In fact, one of the best things about this film is the way it borrows the traditional esthetics of the land in which it's set: a sober sense of stillness and quiet, the bittersweetness of transience, a focus on the tiny details where the greatest beauty resides. For that reason, some of the humor may fall flat, but it does in real life, too, where things aren't carefully scripted and don't play right into our expectations, where sometimes we're too tired or hurt or confused to laugh. <br />Bravo to all involved.
B0000AKY7O|5.0|It is hard to believe that this was only Santana's fifth album (sixth if you lived in Japan).  It is such a departure from anything they had done in the past.  It is hard to imagine that a group would scrap a formula that created 3 block buster albums and throw it all away to experiment in a totally new direction.<br />This album is jazz fusion, that was popularized by people like John McLoughlin and the Mahavishnu Orchestra and Chick Corea and Return to Forever.  However, it still keeps Santana's latin influences.  <br />This is a wonderful album of beautiful rhythms and sounds.  My favorite track is Mother Africa, written by Herbie Mann.  There is a great 11 minute duet between Santana and John McLoughlin.  Love, Surrender and Devotion is great song with alternating male/female vocals.  <br />Although this was a jazz fusion album, it even generated a hit single:  When I Look Into Your Eyes.  For some reason, DJ's always called the song &quot;When I Look Into Your Eyes With Leon Thomas On Vocals&quot;.  Like anyone had heard of Leon Thomas before this.<br />It is interesting that CBS Records has reissued this as part of their Legacy series.  It is where they reissue the most important, classic jazz and blues albums from their vast library.  There are some very formidable albums in this series including classics from Miles Davis and the SuperSessions from Al Kooper and Mike Bloomfield.  <br />This CD contains one bonus track, Mantra.  It is a wierd track of a repeated staccato organ riff.  It isn't bad, but I don't think it is worth by the reissue for that track if you already have a copy of the original without that track.  I think it is out of place and doesn't add anything to this album.  There was enough room to put it on the original LP, so if it really belonged they would have included it in the firts place.<br />The reason I say this was Santana's sixth album in Japan is because Santana recorded a live album called Lotus before this was released.  It was released only in Japan on LP's.  The only was to get Lotus was to buy the very expensive Japanese import.  When CD technology came out, it was finally available in the US.  I don't know why CBS records did that.  They also did it with Blood, Sweat and Tears.<br />I said this was my third favorite Santana album.  My first is Caravanserai, and the second is Lotus, 2 very intense hours.  I wasn't a big fan of Santana's eighties pop period, although he did have some good songs and was always good in concert.
0812550706|5.0|An awesome character journey presented by Orson Scott Card.  With Earth testing children to see who will be their next great military leader to battle an alien race called the buggers, Ender Wiggin stands out from the crowd.  While his grasp of military strategy is incredible, it's his inner conflict that will engross the reader.  There are times when Ender loves the war games at Battle School, when it seems he is forming a solid core of friends.  But the more Ender succeeds, the more the teachers at Battle School make his life a living hell.  Advancing him quicker than normal students, presenting him with almost impossible odds to overcome, all in an effort to see if he can be broken.  At times, it looks like they'll succeed.  Through this the transformation of Ender is incredible.  Despite his genius, we see how lonely he is, even how he sometimes longs to return home to a dysfunctional family and a psychotic brother.  The last 80 pages have so many incredible revelations that you'll be scooping your jaw off the floor over and over again.
0312979479|5.0|I first read And then there were none in fifth grade (my older brother was reading it for class and I picked it up) and it scared me to death.  It was my first Christie novel and although the plot totally freaked me out, I got hooked.  Despite everything I loved it and years later when I finally got over my initial fear in middle school I reread it.  And I got started on all her other books.<br />Now in high school, I look back on a year where I have made quite a dent into Agatha Christie's mysteries.  I have been literally gobbling them up and enjoying each and every one.  Some I like better than others, and this one will always be at the top of that list.  It was my first and it is my favorite.<br />And then there were none has had an abundance of titles.  From 10 Little Indians and something even less appropriate, the title has gradually changed until it settled on this.  The story is of ten people, gathered on an island by someone they don't know.  One by one they are done away with according to the nursery rhyme Ten Little Indians.  (That was the part that really creeped me out but Christie uses the nursery rhyme plot device in quite a few of her mysteries.)  The first dies at dinner the first day and everyone else slowly follows suit (according to the rhyme of course).  The murders are sometimes quite gruesome.  A search of the island reveals that the killer is one of the ten, and tensions mount as ten becomes nine, then eight, then seven...and then there were none.<br />My favorite character from the beginning was Vera, so I was able to stick with the book until the end.  It seems slow at some parts, especially in the beginning, but soon it has you hooked as the murders come faster and closer together.  Overall, it is a total masterpiece, and I still don't understand how Christie managed it.  The solution was just amazing - a total surprise.  I never guessed and I doubt anyone else would either without help.<br />One more thing: the book has been blamed for bigotry, etc.  If you're really really touchy about it you might want to avoid it, but otherwise put up with it.  It was the time period, remember.  I didn't catch much of it when I first read it, but I was young, and I'll accept that there's probably some there.  So be forewarned, but if you decide to buy or read it, enjoy!igotry, etc.  If you're really really touchy about it you might want to avoid it, but otherwise put up with it.  It was the time period, remember.  I didn't catch much of it when I first read it, but I was young, and I'll accept that there's probably some there.  So be forewarned, but if you decide to buy or read it, enjoy!
B00003CXB2|5.0|The Good:  This may well be the greatest film ever made. The story is based on the real life exploits of T.E. Lawrence during WWI.  The movie is excellently cast from top to bottom, with the legendary Sir Alec Guinness headlining.  It is the performances of two then unknown actors however, Peter O Toole as warrior-poet Lawrence and Omar Sharif as Ali, that really steal the show.  However, all of the main actors are given beautiful lines to deliver.  The music by Maurice Jarre sounds amazing on a 5.1 surround system; the opening music thunders on a decent rig.  Production values are also high- the locations are absolutely majestic.  The video looks quite clean for the vintage of the source material (thanks to a painstaking restoration), although some deterioration in the source print shows up in some of the desert sequences.  <br />The Extra Features are all interesting, but two especially stand out for praise.  The DVD-ROM features an interactive map that allows you to trace the actual journey of Lawrence and provides actual historical photos of his exploits in Arabia.  Also included is a reproduction of a 1962 souvenir booklet that details the life of Lawrence (helping 21st century eyes understand what an enormous figure he was) and the production of the picture.  <br />The Bad: The movie is split onto two discs, an annoyance compounded by the fact that the default sound setting is Dolby Pro Logic rather than Dolby Digital 5.1.  The viewer is forced to go through the menu on each disc to change it!  A barebones DVD edition has 5.1 as the default and fits the film onto 1 disc.
B0001HAISG|5.0|This was the best version I've ever seen and when you see it, watch Hook (Dustin Hoffman and Robin Williams) immediately afterwards.
B00005JLRT|5.0|This movie was released during the first Lord of the Rings maina a few years back. How did they expect to do going up against a blockbuster like that?  It is a good film.  It has space battles and a antagonist that would have made a good two part episode.  It's all in the expectations...you are not watching the Matrix when you see a Star Trek movie.  It's about a cast of characters we've been watching for seven seasons and three movies...it's not the loser that critics say it is...
0142002038|5.0|When peculiar things transpire on an obscure Jamaican island called Crab Key, M sends Bond out to investigate.  Penguin Books has re-issued the James Bond novels and stories written by the incomparable Ian Fleming.  Note that this is the original series, not a well-intentioned imitation.  For the uninitiated, James Bond is the apex of fictional secret agents.  He defines Cold War espionage without dreary realism.  Bond is an iron fist in a velvet glove.  Bond is a good man to put on a tough job.  Fleming blends the intelligence of Dorothy Sayers with the hard-boiled leanness of Dashiell Hammett.  Snobbery is evident. Ian Fleming's books are escapist nonsense, and great fun.  The stories are refreshingly free of the parody of the movie versions.  The reader must suspend disbelief.  The action is hard and violent; call it &quot;blood and thunder.&quot;  Doctor No spins webs of murder and international crime.  Bond teams with Quarrel, the Cayman islander.  Bond also encounters the delectable Honeychile, the inevitable woman of the story.  A bonus of these books is the exciting cover art.  Take special note of the artist's vision of Honeychile.  She is a variation of Venus.  Reading these books reminds one of what drew us to the writing of Ian Fleming almost 40 years ago.  ;-)
B00003BDXG|3.0|A film that didn't turn out as I expected. Ok I knew there was going to be violence just from its title but all the killing, the swearing and the chaos never stopped. I didn't particulary enjoy this film yet it for some reason it kept me interested, I wanted to see if fate played for or against Mickey and Mallory, two of the most twisted characters ever to come to a movie screen.<br />There's nothing gratifying in Natural Born Killers but there is an important message on how the media nowadays glorifies violence, creating cult followers for mass murderers - what Oliver Stone manages to do is portray the negative in the 90's, particularly American pseudo-culture. You have Rodney King, O.J Simpson, Tonya Harding, The Menendez Brothers... and all these things are linked by a single medium - 90's television. <br />Definitely not one of my favourites, but I do appreciate why people respect this movie so much, it's well made, just not to my liking as such. What would have been interesting to see was original script writer Quentin Tarentino's version, apparently much altered from the film. As it is though, its worth a viewing.
B00005JLCI|5.0|This film is a great tool to be used within a classroom to reinforce Shakesperian lessons.  The film presents one of the best adaptations to Shakespeare's original work.  Awesome production!
0783225792|5.0|'Casino' is a dominant film which is based on the true story of how Las Vegas was transformed from a simple gambling mecca into a place that has as much personality and colour as Disney World. Robert De Niro stars as a casino owner who is on the ground-level of the city's change. He is a high-class crook who's able to turn profits with the help of the mafia and crooked gaming practices (a norm for all casinos). Joe Pesci is on hand as the mob assassin with the short fuse who is De Niro's right-hand man. However, no one stays on top forever and De Niro's demise is partly due to his ex-prostitute wife (Sharon Stone, in her Oscar-nominated role). Bad decision-making, shady dealings, and questionable alliances will also be key factors in his ultimate downfall. Once again Martin Scorsese has created a film that is so multi-layered and smart that the viewer is completely engrossed for the entire 182 minutes. <br />'Casino' is a crime epic, in close contrast with 'The Godfather' series of films. Scorsese accomplishes what he did with 'Raging Bull' and 'GoodFellas'. Once again De Niro and Pesci shine with his direction and the unrelenting screenplay. Sharon Stone does the best work of her career. She does not necessarily shine brighter than De Niro and Pesci, but she holds her own and never lets either of them steal her thunder and lightning. Another great thing about 'Casino' is the supporting cast: Don Rickles, Kevin Pollak, James Woods, and Joe Bob Briggs all add great elements of both comedy and drama to this outstanding winner which has been overlooked on Scorsese's list of credits.
B0001ZXM54|4.0|Disc ONE of Rancho Texicano is the ZZ Top collection I have been waiting to materialize for years. FINALY, a truly definitive gathering of the essential ZZ Top from the Warner Brothers years when Billy Gibbons played good raunchy blues guitar straight up... no synths, no drum machines, no distortion pedals. And while there remain arguments over content [&quot;Manic Mechanic&quot; over &quot;Thunderbird&quot; for one, no &quot;Heaven, Hell or Houston&quot;], it touches on ZZ Top as they were: a dirty, gritty blues band with a great sense of humor, long before they became cartoon characters with long beards passing out the keys that magically turned boys into chick magnets. From the chug of &quot;Brown Sugar&quot; [not in any way, shape or form the Stones song], to the stinging blues of &quot;Just Got Back from Baby's&quot;, [blues guitar extraordinare that one Eric Clapton could only dream of these days] to the great riffing on &quot;Just Got Paid&quot;, with itss Johhny Winter inspired slide work [and its sped up cousin &quot;Heard It on the X&quot;] to the Stones meets Johhny Winter of &quot;Francene&quot; to the twin kill of &quot;Waitin for the Bus/ Jesus Just Left Chicago&quot; to the slow Peter Green/ Fleetwood Mac inspired minor key blues [think &quot;Love That Burns&quot; and &quot;Looking for Somebody&quot;] &quot;Blue Jean Blues&quot; to the back beat driven, tongue in cheek of &quot;Im Bad, Im Nationwide&quot; and &quot;A Fool for Your Stockings&quot; and the funky cool of Isaac Hayes and David Porter's &quot;I Thank You&quot; to the crowning song of the great Deguello, &quot;Cheap Sunglasses&quot;, it?s 75 minutes of almost totally essential ZZ Top.       Disc two however is a collection of after the fall ZZ Top. The over the Top innuendo of &quot;Tube Snake Boogie&quot; and &quot;Pearl Necklace&quot; leading into the mega-platinum MTV success years of Eliminator and Afterburner. Taken on its own, ELIMINATOR remains an album of great songs, though every song here [and from AFTERBURNER, except the ballad &quot;Rough Boy&quot;] is driven by a four-on-the-floor dance beat: thump-thump-thump-thump and guitars with enough distortion to make one think he is listening to a Ratt record. Not the natural distortion of a guitar and a Marshall stack turned up to ten, but the unnatural big fuzz of 80s hair bands? which in effect ZZ Top was except their hair was hanging down from their chins. The two tracks from RECYCLER, &quot;Double Back&quot; [which did double duty in one of the Back to the Future films too, I think] and &quot;My Heads in Mississippi&quot; are better, leaning back but not returning to their roots, but the inclusion of the terrible &quot;Viva Las Vegas&quot; and a 12&quot; mix of 'Velcro Fly' leave me scratching my head. NOTHING else deserved to be on this collection, like &quot;Dirty Dog&quot;, &quot;TV Dinners&quot; or &quot;Bad Girl&quot; from ELIMINATOR? We're not talking about a criminal offense here for NOT including these; not like X leaving the 12&quot; of &quot;Wild Thing&quot; off their BEYOND AND BACK collection. The inclusion of the promo only live take of &quot;Cheap Sunglasses&quot; takes me further back to the days of real radio, Q102 in Dallas played it a lot, back when there was real Album Oriented Radio [AOR]. [Ask your parents if you don?t remember.]       Overall? Four and a half for Disc One, a GENEROUS Three and a Half for Disc Two, FOUR Les Pauls!
B0000WN0ZK|1.0|The film may look good - but you've got to be able to hear it to enjoy it.<br />The main audio only comes from the center speaker (the only DVD I own that does this) and is incredibly low in volume. Even when you crank your amp up to near maximum to hear it, you'll find that sole center signal sounds suspiciously like it's meant to be part of at least a 2.1 soundtrack. It completely lacks bass and the music has no presence.<br />I've seen Blow-Up on the big screen in recent years, I know it can sound as good as it looks. Someone at Warners has made a big blunder in mastering this DVD. In its present format it's not worth buying or owning.
0739309013|5.0|For starters I have no idea how anyone could give this book a bad review. I now wait for all of his books to come out in unabridged books on tape as he uses great narrators - the BEST being Michael Beck who really outdoes himself in this one. Listening to him is like finding an old friend that you missed. This book is a very good story about the south in the 70's with compelling characters and a lot of humor.  If you are thinking of reading this - take a chance and listen to it instead - I guarantee you will become a fan of Michael Beck's in addition to John Grisham.
B00006J9OT|5.0|This CD is a must have.  I love the entire CD.  I will listen to it for hours.  She is an A+ performer that tops her peers.
B00006V9A0|5.0|Nirvana is a greatest hits.  Its a great CD and its the only Nirvana CD I own so I dont no if the songs chosen are the best but from this CD I learned Nirvana can really play. The First song on the CD You know your right is drop dead awsome.  I love how it starts. other incredible song's are smells like teen spirt, Come as you are, in bloom, lithium, and heart shaped box.  The song Smells like teen spirt I knew before I bought this album, I wanted to know if they had anything else anygood.<BR>Best song: You Know Your Right<BR>Worst song: there all good but I guess, Been a son
B0000DZ3EN|2.0|When young Dorothy starts having trouble sleeping and raving about how she knows her friends in oz are in trouble, Aunt Em takes her to a hospital for shock therapy. <br />Anyway, fast forward to Oz. The yellow brick road is crumbled, the Emerald city has been turned to stone and Oz has a modern day Wicked Witch (sort of).<br />The characters were nothing like the originals, Dorothy seemed to grow younger, and chickens can talk. Some good new characters, like Tick Tock the wind up loyal soldier and Jack, the scarecrow with a pumpkin for a head. But overall, not that terribly great IMO.
B00008BXJG|5.0|This is THE BEST BON SCOTT AC/DC ALBUM. This album is incredible no songs are weak.  And the song Highway to Hell is worth the price of the whole album. the next song girls got rhythme the second best song on here it is awsome everything perfect.  Other great songs are walk all over you, touch too much, shot down in flames and if you want blood You got it.  I also recommend Back in black-AC/DC Appetite for destruction the best album ever and Nirvana-Nirvana all of these are great additions. oh i also reccomend all other Bon scott AC/DC CD's too.<BR>Best song: Highway to hell and Girls got rhythme also rocks<BR>Worst song beating around the bush
B00020HEL6|5.0|I'm 15 just like Renee, I listen to a wide variety of music and I can name the great ones like Sinatra, Streisand, Fitzgerald and Vaughn. To this list I will now add Renee! She was born to sing and it shows in every last note. I think my generation has found it's greatest representative to the world of music. The CD is fantastic. Summertime will just about blow your mind. Is You Is Or Aint My Baby will grab you by the ear and spin you round. I Want A Love That Lasts is soothing and sweetly touching. Some to Watch Over Me is from another world! Breakin Up is Hard to Do makes the most out of this song. Sentimental Journey is a joy ride. Renee, if you read any of this you have made major fans out of people our own age. We will support you every step of the way!
B000000OSE|4.0|The First time I put Use your Illusion 1 In my CD player I was ready for another Kick-ass album like appetite for destruction and G N' R lies but on hearing Right next door to hell I was a little disapointed but after finishing listening I realized it was a Kick-ass Album. so here's my review<BR>Right Next Door to Hell-3/5 this song isn't nearly as good opener as welcome to the jungle form appetite.<BR>Dust N' Bones-5/5 an incredible song with pretty cool lyrics and guitar and best of all izzy sings it shows his ability as a song writer and he can sing pretty damn well.<BR>live and Let die-4.5/5 A great Paul Mcartney cover.<BR>Dont Cry-5/5 a great song Shannon hoon sing here with axl and izzy.<BR>Perfect Crime-4/5 first time I listened I was like what the Hell? But a good song with kinda weird lyrics.<BR>You ain't the first-4/5-Weird but cool izzy sings it <BR>Bad Obsession-5/5  a really great song i like the divirsety of insturments on this album like saxaphone, harmonica, and piano it makes for a helluva sound<BR>back off b*tch-4/5 a soild song i like the end its pretty funny<BR>double talkin' jive-5/5 one of GN'R's Best I like how izzy and axl both sing it. cool guitar at the end<BR>November Rain-5/5 another great song it sounds very nice.<BR>The garden-3.5/5 a cool song but it also a little strange.<BR>the garden of eden 3.5/5 a cool fast paced song. <BR>Don't Damn Me-5/5 awsome i like the lyrics the guitar how its song its awsome definetly one of the best songs one this CD.<BR>bad Apples-3.5  A completly decent song.<BR>Dead horse-4/5 The begining is very cool and slow paced.<BR>Coma-4/5 A great song with thoughtfull lyrics the only problem is its 10 minutes long and can get old, but if you have the time to listen to the song its awsome i like the voices in the background like axls girlfriend and the doctors.<BR>All together a great album just not nearly as good as Appetite for destruction so it was a bit dissapointing. and the illusions CD still has Izzy who helped found GNR and wrote most of their songs. Best song Double Talking Jive,Dont Damn me And November rain.  A must buy for any Gnr fan and a great glam rock CD and a great Hard Rock CD.
B0000C7PQK|3.0|This was pretty disappointing.  It totally lacks the artistry and the complexity of Enigma's previous releases. It doesn't have any of the original Enigma sound. Instead, it's a collection of simple, mindless, generic techno-pop.  This might be okay for a rave party, but that's about it.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|Alright, I dug Is This It. SO I was very excited when I got this record. First listen, nothing special. But I had faith, and I listened again and slowly this LP hooked it's teeth into me like a strong narcotic addiction. I said, &quot;This IS it!&quot;. I thought the room was on fire. But I noticed most others didn't dig this record. The complaints? Lyrics are too vague? Well, I like to wonder about the people and situations...make them personal to my life...while being strange and new at the same time. Musically the same? No big jumps? Well thank god. I couldn't deal with one of these &quot;Second Comings&quot; if you get what I am saying. I'd prefer a &quot;Leave Home&quot; and here we are. This albulm is good. If you don't like this record you probaly aren't a strokes fan, or you need to give it a second listen. 11 solid songs. I can't win.
B000006045|5.0|This CD speaks for itself. I have listened to their other albums, and own 100th Window, but nothing compares to the musical genius of &quot;Mezzanine&quot;. Whilst electronica, it is one of the very very few electronica, trip-hop bands where I am not constantly reminded of synthetic sounds. Richly varied in percussive qualities, with voice and other sounds blended so seamlessly, this album transports the listener onto into a quasi transcendental plane. Now that might sound corny, but there's no other way to put it.<br />For months I couldn't get through a day without playing this album at least once or twice. Now, i come back to it, and it sounds new again. Beautifully rich and dark. The voices never seem to interfere with the mood, rather they become fused with it perfectly--the percussion and varied sounds, never  the &quot;thump-thump&quot; of dancey trancy crap.<br />I cannot wait for Massive Attack's next album release. I hope they return to this level again: because it was lost a bit in 100th Window. Sinead O'Connors political content loaded lyrics on the Irish-English conflict totally overshadowed the musical gift of Massive Attack.  The MOOD is enough to convey that and more to listeners without creating narrow, literal channels of interpretation and storytelling. The track Antistar on 100th was the strength being revealed, but still couldn't shine with the magic of Mezzanine. Storytelling/literal political agendas are not what Massive Attack's strength is: Stick with your strength: It's Mezzanine. It's ALL there. the MUSIC.<br />This is by far one of the best albums in history, in my honest opinion. No one else has come so close, so completely, on an entire album.
B00003CXCT|2.0|This is a pretty good kid's flick, OK summer-action-movie fare.  You know, chase scenes, cute stuffed-animal characters, scary sharp-toothed monsters, shootouts, etc.  I just think they deviated a little to far from the original plot, shown on TV as \\"Battlestar Galactica.\\"  The special effects are better, but the writing and acting are not.  I'm not sure why modern writers and directors don't feel like they can make a re-make without \\"modernizing\\" it with trendy issues.  For example, Lucas (the director) for some reason felt compelled to insert a whole homoerotic subtext with Luke and Han that was just not there in \\"Battlestar.\\"  If you have not seen the original, you might enjoy this more than I did.
B000005S0E|5.0|This is the cure's gretest acheivement. I just bought it for 1 buck at the ol' thrift store and (let me tell you) piggy in the mirror is a perfect example of when music and lyrics being good. Shake dog shake is rockin'.
B00005JMKI|5.0|Millions of Americans pray for grace every day. But if you were visited by Grace, would you even realize it? Would you be touched and inspired to emulate her when she turned the other cheek, or would her failure to defend herself from the unscrupulous gradually earn your contempt?  Would you take her gifts, use her, persecute her, and eventually join the mob baying to the authorities for her blood?<br />This is the implicit question posed to every viewer by director von Trier in this brilliant allegory, excruciating (no pun intended) to watch, but so mesmerizing that I couldn't look away. Here you'll find no fancy special effects, no gorgeous period sets, just a wall-less chalked-out stage to represent a small town where everyone knows everyone else's business and an outstanding ensemble of actors who bring it to life, ultimately in horrifying detail. <br />It's no coincidence that the movie ends with Depression-era footage and a particular David Bowie song in the background, but von Trier's intent is not simple America-bashing. Under the right circumstances, the sort of transformation depicted so extremely here could happen anywhere that the Other is regarded with suspicion and fear, where need and/or greed outweigh empathy and persuade us to regard our fellow human beings as commodities, where legally and socially vulnerable individuals depend on the kindness of strangers (or even friends) and are powerless to oppose their own ill treatment. <br />Think runaway slaves heading north but also Jews in Nazi Germany. Most importantly and personally, think about the circumstances under which you yourself might have betrayed your savior with a kiss.
B0002I831S|5.0|Finally, Paramount is releasing Star Trek: The Original Series by seasons, rather than in expensive two-episode packs.<br />There are very few TV shows or movies that are so well known that a brief synopsis may be redundant, and Star Trek is one of those shows. Regardless, please bear with a brief synopsis because of the historical significance of the series. Star Trek not only launched a TV franchise with movies and series spinoffs that are still on the air, it had a direct and lasting impact on popular culture here and around the world.<br />When creator Gene Roddenberry (The Great Bird of the Galaxy) somehow managed to get his show on the air in 1966, there was nothing else like it on TV. Its fresh and optimistic portrayal of the future with different races, even species, working side-by-side as equals was nothing short of revolutionary.<br />In those days, not only was an integrated TV cast virtually unknown, women were also seldom depicted as anything but window dressing. Star Trek changed that, and so much more.<br />The above preface was written for those who did not live through those times, and for those who would criticize Star Trek for cheesy special effects and acting. To me, the actual truth is this: Star Trek was both a product of its generation and a show that transcended its time. To look at it solely with the jaundiced eye of 2004 is to do it a great injustice. It was fun, bright entertainment, but it was MORE. It had to be, or it would not have lasted all of these decades or developed the most incredible fanbase in TV history.<br />The story of Capt. James T. Kirk (William Shatner), Commander Spock (Leonard Nimoy), Dr. Leonard McCoy (DeForest Kelley), Lt. Commander Montgomery Scott(James Doohan), Lts. Uhura (Nichelle Nichols) and Sulu (George Takei), Ensign Pavel Chekov (Walter Koenig) and Nurse Christine Chapel (Majel Barret aka Mrs. Gene Roddenberry) only completed three seasons of missions ---- the shortest run of any of the franchise shows.<br />The premise was simple, the above-mentioned crew of the Starship Enterprise was to explore new worlds, new civilizations, for five years. It was NOT a military mission, but many things occurred that brought the crew into conflict with other species. The stories were well written and included humor with the other dramatic and futuristic, space-related elements.<br />Roddenberry sold it to the network as a \\"Wagon Train to the Stars,\\" but actually used the show to examine current events and cultural traditions of American society during a very turbulent time.<br />The first season is great fun to watch, as the actors begin to feel more comfortable in their roles, especially Nimoy, whose Vulcan Science Office becomes richer as the series progresses.<br />Here are the first-season episodes, listed in chronological order rather than broadcast order:<br />The Corbomite Maneuver (11/10/1966)<br />Mudd's Women (10/13/1966)<br />The Enemy Within (10/6/1966)<br />The Man Trap (9/8/1966)<br />The Naked Time (9/29/1966)<br />Charlie X (9/15/1966)<br />Balance of Terror (12/15/1966)<br />What Are Little Girls Made Of? (10/20/1966)<br />Dagger of the Mind (11/3/1966)<br />Miri (10/27/1966)<br />The Conscience of the King (12/8/1966)<br />The Galileo Seven (1/5/1967)<br />Court Martial (2/2/1967)<br />The Menagerie part 1 / The Menagerie part 2 (11/17/1966, 11/24/1966)<br />Shore Leave (12/29/1966)<br />The Squire of Gothos (1/12/1967)<br />Arena (1/19/1967)<br />The Alternative Factor (3/23/1967)<br />Tomorrow is Yesterday (1/26/1967)<br />The Return of the Archons (2/9/1967)<br />A Taste of Armageddon (2/23/1967)<br />Space Seed (2/16/1967)<br />This Side of Paradise (3/2/1967)<br />The Devil in the Dark (3/9/1967)<br />Errand of Mercy (3/16/1967)<br />The City on the Edge of Forever (4/6/1967)<br />Operation: Annihilate! (4/13/1967)<br />It is unclear if the series two pilots will be included. If so, they were The Cage (later remade into the two-part Menagerie); and Where No Man Has Gone Before.<br />If you've never seen these shows uncut, or if you haven't given yourself a chance to view them without the burden of the 21st Century, you owe it to ourself to buy this set.f you've never seen these shows uncut, or if you haven't given yourself a chance to view them without the burden of the 21st Century, you owe it to ourself to buy this set.
B00003CXDV|5.0|Dean Parisot's GALAXY QUEST (1999) was released at around the same time as some very big, high-profile, Oscar-nominated films during the Holiday season, advertising itself as the light in the midst of all the dark. Starring Tin Allen, who at that time had starred in films ranging only from cute (THE SANTA CLAUSE--1994, TOY STORY--1995) to lame (JUNGLE 2 JUNGLE, FOR RICHER OR POORER, both 1997), I had the sickening feeling from the trailer that this would prove to be the latter. I was encouraged by the presence of Sigourney Weaver, although unsure of her blond-bimbo role, Tony Shalhoub and Alan Rickman. But still, I wasn't sure...<br />That is, until I began reading the reviews, and then saw the film as soon as it came out on DVD. This is one of those movies that I can't believe has taken me this long to write about on these pages. Make that rave about: GALAXY QUEST is one of the funniest films I have ever seen, and would be in my Top 30 Listmania List if I were allowed to go to 30. It does help that I'm a STAR TREK fan (although not quite a Trekkie; please read my review of the documentary TREKKIES for more exposition on this point), but I honestly think that anyone with a good sense of humor will like this movie. It is written with a knowing wink to the Trekkie phenomenon as well as to Star Trek, and has smart dialogue courtesy of David Howard; unbelievably enough, this was his first---and still his only---film for which he has written.<br />The film opens with a convention for the immensely popular &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; series, which starred full-of-himself screen hog Jason Nesmith (Allen) as Cmdr. Peter Quincy Taggart (not dissimilar to James Tiberius Kirk), Gwen DeMarco (Weaver) as Lt. Tawny Madison, former Shakesperean actor Alexander Dane (Rickman) and former child actor Tommy Webber (Daryl Mitchell) as Lt. Laredo, the ship's (very) young Navigational Officer. Nesmith secretly hates the Conventions, but plays up to the shows' fans, whose attention he monopolizes at every turn. Naturally, this long-established practice has alienated him from his co-stars, who hate his guts but like participating in the Conventions (except for Alexander Dane, who rues the day he became more famous for his character, and his character's famous rallying cry, than for being a 30+ year veteran of the Shakespeare stage). Nesmith finally loses his cool when being overly nagged by a teenaged nerdy fan (Justin Long), and yells at him in a manner that instantly recalls the &quot;Get a life!&quot; mock admonition that William Shatner gave in a 1986 Saturday Night Live skit. However, on the next drunken-hangover morning, Nesmith is visited by a strange-looking and talking man (Enrico Colantoni) who introduces himself as Thermian Cmdr. Mathesar, whose people are under attack by an evil alien leader named General Sarris (Robin Sachs). He pleads for Taggart's assistance, having seen the &quot;historical documents&quot; of his crew's many victories over greater enemies. Nesmith hazily just assumes that this is another nerdy fan with no life and goes along with him just to appease, and perhaps he has nothing better to do at this point. But then he finds out...<br />Of course, Mathesar and the Thermians are real aliens who had picked up the TV-wave transmission of the &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; show and, in their childish impressionability, have assumed that the crew, the ship, everything was real. They have replicated the ship in full, both inside &amp; out (since you know, for example, that Star Trek has always been so detailed that exact replicas of the Enterprise have numbered in the thousands) and have modeled their society from their example. Nesmith exitedly gets back to his fellow cynical and unbelieving actors, who go along only because they think it may be a well-paying job. Then they find out...<br />GALAXY QUEST is smart, funny and has a lot of fun with the TREK phenomenon, as portrayed through this fictional TV show and its characters. It also has fun with all the conventions (that is, *customs*) of Sci-Fi TV shows, such as gigantic, death-defying devices being present in a starship's engine room, or that the fate of our heroes comes down to one final second. It nudges &amp; prods at all of these (plus more) with a complete love for the Sci-Fi genre. It also manages to convey a *sense of wonder* through visual effects that are really excellent. As for the acting, everybody---yes, including Tim Allen---gives a terrific performance, including Sam Rockwell as a minor &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; character who constantly fears for his life during the actors' real mission, because nobody knows his last name, which, of course, is a sure sign that he is going to die, just like his character did on the one episode of the TV show! Enrico Colantoni's performance as Mathesar is infectious, and is perhaps the biggest revelation in the entire film; it can be argued that he may have deserved an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Robin Sachs creates an evil presence as the murderous, slimy alien General Sarris. Best of all, everybody's in on the joke. <br />GALAXY QUEST is a great buy on DVD. The &quot;On Location In Space&quot; feature is entertaining and informative. The deleted scenes are a hoot! All in all, this film is a great way to entertain the entire family, as it is among the few comedies that are intelligent yet can be viewed by children. I wholeheartedly give it a &quot;thumbs-up&quot;---wait, no, that's the other guy! In other words, I deem this movie to be<br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED; AGES 8 &amp; UP
B000002KAT|5.0|I must admit that I haven't heard every single Van album (I missed hearing a lot of his earlier albums), but this is the best I heard--better than Moondance, Wavelength, and all his newer stuff.  Moondance is commonly listed as Van's best, and it is a great album and more readily accessible.  And it might take a couple spins to appreciate it, but the listener who takes the time will be MUCH more rewarded by Astral Weeks.  A few years ago I picked up Astral Weeks and Moondance at the same time and Moondance hardly gets spun.  For my money it pales in comparison.  Moondance was obviously Vans labor of love.  He produced it and enlisted some two dozen musicians, and it is very well produced.  But a big part of the beauty of Astral Weeks is its simple production.  Van went into the studio, laid down the album in 2-3 days with 4 or 5 musicians, and it was done...and the magic comes through.
B0000VD04M|5.0|Watching Ed Wood movies and watching Ed Wood there is an alarming thing - Ed Wood's life was better suited to a movie than he was as a director! And as he tried woefully to express this side of his personality to the public with the woeful Glen or Glenda ( \\" Did you see the movie? Uh huh. Worst movie you saw in your life? OK but how about.....hello hello! )<br />Johnny Depp is hilarious as Ed and really plays the part extraordinarily well. You almost feel sorry for him as he gets rejected from everyone because he seems to have his intentions right no matter how skewed they end up being.<br />Of course Ed has a fetish for women's clothing which would make itself known in the film Glen or Glenda but Dolores wouldn't know about this until she read the script. Let's just say she doesn't take to it as well as Ed's rather naive script would like her to be! Although I have to admit that Sarah Jessica Parker is not exactly that easy to like in the movie<br />Martin Landau is the one who I think plays Bela Lugosi and I have to say that the resemblance is uncanny that you almost feel like singing the line from the Bauhaus song Bela Lugosi's Dead -\\" Oh Bela, Bela's not dead \\" indeed!<br />Bill Murray is fantastic in his role. As ever, he has the best lines in this movie. One of the best roles I've seen him in<br />I've seen this film - it must be about nearly 7 or 8 times and it's so funny that some of the lines in it are implanted in my head. One that has to be watched for those interested in seeing something a little unusual
B000002OZY|5.0|Listening to this is pure bliss its a Opera of some of the best rock music you may ever hear in your life.........The Who are a very impressive rock band and some may say Classic Rock sucks but those idividuals are usually &quot;Limp Bizkit&quot; fans who dont really even know what real music is.......take my advice and get this classic opera approach with an open mind and let it soak in your head till the day you die for this is an album to celebrate and cheerish to the end of all things
B0002234LS|4.0|I remember reading the short story a few years ago, and the movie seems pretty close to it.  Johnny Depp puts in an excellent performance here, and even though it does take a little while to get the story off the ground, Depp does a good job in keeping the audience interested.  I did really appreciate how the movie built up supsense as it moved along.  Depp did a good job in convincing us of his corrupt mental state.  While he is better in PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN, this outing wasn't too bad.  Do make sure you read the story first before seeing the movie...or you may be a bit confused!  While not the greatest movie in the world, it was pretty entertaining.
B00006RU5B|4.0|I love Rage Against The Machine and i really love Soundgarden so ofcourse when i heard this band was going to come out with Chris Cornell and members of RATM i got excited i purchased and what i got what a slight surprise not a big one but what can i say the songs did make chills go down my spine a few times.....a good cd by any means but i know that they can do better so are very talented but its a buy its a getaway from allt he other crap out right now cough cough (trapt, linkin park, yellowcard, brand new, three days grace, powerman 5000
0385720920|5.0|Please excuse me while I try to articulate myself.<br />Okay.  Go.<br />Choke is one of the truest books I've ever read.  I'm not going to use any buzz words, I won't call it \\"twisted\\" or \\"compelling\\"- but I will tell you that it's made me look at things differently.  I liked it from a literary standpoint in that it justifies all the depraved runts and tales that Palahniuk weaves- even though if you're familiar, he does it independently anyway.  But that's what I liked about it personally, too.  It's justifyable.  Choke says it's okay.<br />I like to think of it as a torrid love affair with the world, along with all the motions you'd expect from one.  This will be of no use to you if you dry heave at the thought of identifying with a dropout sex addict, but if you can go with Palahniuk's circus of the damned, or any depraved idealists, you'll like it.  Try it for the humor, try it for the pain, try it for the honesty.  Hell, try it for the prose stylings.  It's worth a shot.
B00008H2LB|1.0|well i really dont feel liek saying much so i'll just make it short...................Linkin Park you should go work at a gas station because you are not music material you Rap Hiphop rock band from hell how about you write some lyrics about outer space some psydelic music and complicated guitar structures anyways u sound liek crap but go ahead make another cd and get even richer u dotn care about music u gresy pigs
0385510438|1.0|The only other JG book that beats this one for crapness is 'the street lawyer'. Unfortunately, because JG's writing style is so good, I can't even put the bad ones down, however I did stop reading this one halfway through and came back to it. As someone else has noted here it seems to lack any sort of real direction.
B0001ZX0PG|5.0|It didn't surprise me that Clint Eastwood directed \\"Unforgiven\\", good as it was, because he is obviously well steeped in the legend and lore of the Western.  He has done a fine job with several other films as well, but in Mystic River Clint signals a full maturity in his gift as a director.<br />He began with a stellar cast, and I won't waste anyone's time being the ten millionth person to praise Sean Penn's stunning performance.  A cast that breathes life into this sorrowful tale surrounds him.  Tim Robbins returns on-screen in a role that is perhaps the most difficult and complex one of the movie, and he seems believable every moment.  Kevin Bacon and Laurence Fishburne make good cop-partners.  The wives of Sean Penn and Tim Robbins are played by Laura Linney and Marcia Gay Harden, and they are both heart-breakingly good.<br />None of us are perfect, and this is a theme that runs through this story of abuse, suffering and death.  We are perhaps least perfect when we let our passions rule us and we go off half-cocked when things would probably turn out better if we had our emotions and facts straight.  Many things are not quite as they seem.<br />There are many virtuoso sequences in the film as two simultaneous events are juxtaposed upon each other.  Note snippets of visual information we are given in the early sequence that alternates between the first communion of one of Sean Penn's daughters, and the crime scene investigation where the police will eventually discover that the eldest daughter has been murdered.  Note also later on the climactic confrontation between Sean Penn and Tim Robbins on the banks of the Mystic River while at the same time Bacon and Fishburne confront the former boyfriend of the dead daughter.<br />This film leaves you with a little pit in your stomach.  But it does that with consummate skill, and I admire it for that.  I watched the movie first in the theater, then last night on DVD.  I pose this question to viewers:  After the events of the end of the movie, what do you think is the response of the Laurence Fishburne character?of the end of the movie, what do you think is the response of the Laurence Fishburne character?
0446677450|5.0|Excellent Book.<br />This book makes very logical connections along with the overlapping storyline.  It talks (basically) about how there are two types of people in this world: those that are financially successful and disciplined, and those that are not.  It does not tell you specifically how to do it (if any book does, it does not have any real credibility), instead it tells you what works and what does not.<br />A lot of common sense that I have hidden from myself out of laziness all these years.
B0001GOH6Q|5.0|Interesting casting choices in having Scottish Ewan McGregor play the young version and Brit Albert Finney play the older version of Alabama Tall Tale Teller Edward Bloom.  There is a payoff, though, because Edward Bloom is a man larger than life and both of these actors successfully bring this character to the screen in larger-than-life fashion.<br />Edward Bloom loves to tell stories and his favorite ones have Edward Bloom as the main character.  His stories are entertaining to folks the first time they hear them.  His grown son loved the stories when he was young too, but now they are both older, the stories are no longer charming, and the son feels that he doesn't know his &quot;real&quot; father at all.<br />This scintillating film by Tim Burton lets us see the legendary side of Edward Bloom, and in bits and pieces it lets us in on where the fiction ends and the facts really lie.  The elderly Edward Bloom isn't against telling the truth, but he recognizes that there is more fun if there is &quot;flavor&quot; in the stories as well.<br />Danny Elfman's score, as usual, provides the perfect compliment to a Burton film.  Supporting roles are wonderfully cast, such as Jessica Lange as the grown-up Mrs. Bloom and Alison Lohman as the younger version of the same character. Danny Devito plays a circus ring-leader with a secret or two. Steve Buscemi plays a beloved poet laureate who goes looking for adventure because of the example of our Hero. Helena Bonham Carter is wonderful in essentially three roles, as an old witch with a glass-eye which tells you how you're going to die if you look into it, then as the young and older versions of a woman who takes a fancy to Edward Bloom in the mythic town of Spectre Alabama.  Ten foot giants, giant catfish, Siamese-twin vaudeville singers are only a small part of the narrative which weaves back and forth between a wonderfully inventive fantasy world and the reality of the world of Edward Bloom.<br />Only recommended for those with imagination who want to be entertained.ith imagination who want to be entertained.
B0000897DH|5.0|The musicians who came together for this event are all so amazing, and make the experience of watching this pure magic.
B0002234LS|4.0|Stephen King may be the most prolific writer in the English language.  Just the number of films produced from his works is staggering.  And films made from his stories include sublime ones like \\"The Shawshank Redemption\\" and terrifying ones like \\"Carrie\\" or \\"The Shining\\". Along the way there have also been a few real stinkers like \\"Cujo\\", \\"Christine\\" and \\"Children of the Corn\\".<br />Secret Window ranks somewhere behind \\"Misery\\" in the story department, and it's easy to find comparisons between the two.  In both stories the main character is a writer - like King himself - and in both stories the writer finds himself in some remote location where they are threatened by someone who finds fault in their writing.<br />In this movie Johnny Depp's Mort Rainey is the Stephen King surrogate.  We meet his nemesis John Shooter in the first scene, where Mr. Shooter tells Mr. Rainey that he is very unhappy that Mr. Rainey has plagiarized an unpublished manuscript that Shooter has written.  Shooter is played by John Turturro as a menacing man from Mississippi with a broad-brimmed hat.<br />The suspense piles up as the threats from Shooter escalate to violence that no one in the movie thinks is under control.  At many times Rainey behaves with less sense than a teeny-bopper in Friday the 13th part gazillion, then in the final act his behavior is explained, sort of.  The ending, for some reason, reminded me of the ending of another King book/movie: Pet Sematary, and I won't give anything away by saying *why* it reminded me.  Let's just say I thought it a typical King fluorish.<br />Not a bad way to spend 2 hours.
B0001CCXY8|1.0|the music sucks,no point except chopping heads off and rotting corpses(no lyrical meaning whatsoever)and the album cover is the most disgusting thing ive ever seen.
B00003CX9S|5.0|The Elephant Man is a film of incredible passion and power.  For those who think &quot;power&quot; in the movies involves supernatural abilities or mastery of martial arts or destructive weapons - The Elephant Man is perhaps not for you.<br />David Lynch's film is shot in black and white which gives a Victorian feel to the era depicted, but also gives a startling chiarascuro visual to many scenes.<br />Much of the information about the life of Mr. Merrick was obtained from accounts written by Dr. Treves, who became so celebrated that he was chosen to be Royal Physician, so it is perhaps not surprising that Treves comes off well in this film.  The central performances are by John Hurt as Merrick and Anthony Hopkins as Treves, and they are both absolutely stunning.  I have viewed the film a half-dozen times, and there are moments that I am moved every single time.<br />The Elephant Man suffers from terrible physical deformities that are only gradually shown to the audience.  But we discover that his mental faculties are not hindered at all, and the scene in which this discovery is made is absolutely astonishing.<br />The late John Gielgud does excellent work as the hospital administrator, Mr. Carr Gomm.  In the scene after it is revealed that the Elephant Man has normal intelligence  Carr Gomm takes  Treves aside.<br />&quot;Can you IMAGINE what sort of life he has had?&quot; (Merrick has spent his life up to that point as a side-show freak, beaten and jeered at.)<br />Treves looks absent-mindedly out the window before starting to reply &quot;Yes, I think I ....&quot;<br />Carr Gomm rebukes him sharply. &quot;No you can't!&quot; He softens his voice. &quot;No one can.&quot;<br />And watching that scene we TRY to imagine the myriad of humiliations and sufferings that the poor man has endured simply for his unfortunate appearance.  But we realize that we cannot &quot;walk a mile in his shoes&quot; and we recognize that we truthfully can't imagine what he has been through.<br />Nonetheless we find John Merrick witty and engaging and pleasant. Later on Merrick has become the Belle of the Ward and there is a steady stream of dignitaries who come by to visit.  One of the wise old nurses, played by the wonderful Wendy Hillar, gives Treves a piece of her mind and suggests that Merrick has simply become a sideshow again and is being stared at all over again.  This leads to a wonderful scene at home between Treves and his wife, played by Hannah Gordon, in which Treves does some honest soul-searching.  Another scene where Treves has invited Merrick to his own home is remarkable for it's emotional amplitude.  Treves has become very used to being around The Elephant Man, but Mrs. Treves is not, and despite being &quot;prepared&quot; for his sight, there are multiple instances when she is clearly struggling to &quot;seem normal&quot;.<br />There are several other touching scenes, such as when Anne Bancroft,playing a famous London Actress, visits and her acting ability enables her to overlook his deformities more easily than Mrs. Treves, or when Princess Alex arrives at a key hospital board meeting to personally deliver a plea from Queen Victoria for a permanent place for &quot;one of England's least fortunate sons&quot;.  It would have been easy to turn overly sentimental or to pander, but Lynch knows when to reign things in perfectly.<br />This work has much to say about the dignity of man, and I recommend it highly.r />Nonetheless we find John Merrick witty and engaging and pleasant. Later on Merrick has become the Belle of the Ward and there is a steady stream of dignitaries who come by to visit.  One of the wise old nurses, played by the wonderful Wendy Hillar, gives Treves a piece of her mind and suggests that Merrick has simply become a sideshow again and is being stared at all over again.  This leads to a wonderful scene at home between Treves and his wife, played by Hannah Gordon, in which Treves does some honest soul-searching.  Another scene where Treves has invited Merrick to his own home is remarkable for it's emotional amplitude.  Treves has become very used to being around The Elephant Man, but Mrs. Treves is not, and despite being &quot;prepared&quot; for his sight, there are multiple instances when she is clearly struggling to &quot;seem normal&quot;.<br />There are several other touching scenes, such as when Anne Bancroft,playing a famous London Actress, visits and her acting ability enables her to overlook his deformities more easily than Mrs. Treves, or when Princess Alex arrives at a key hospital board meeting to personally deliver a plea from Queen Victoria for a permanent place for &quot;one of England's least fortunate sons&quot;.  It would have been easy to turn overly sentimental or to pander, but Lynch knows when to reign things in perfectly.<br />This work has much to say about the dignity of man, and I recommend it highly.
B0001WTUH6|4.0|action packed, fast paced and all the elements of storey telling, certainly not a academy award winner,but good value for your buck !
B0001HAHXW|1.0|In his own inimatible way, Clapton does for Robert Johnson what Pat Boone did for Little Richard....pablum blooz-zak at its best. White as snow, smooth as syrup. If that's the way you like your Robert Johnson, buy this album. -Dadfad
B0001UL7RY|5.0|this cd ROCKS...although i don't understand why &quot;Let Go&quot; was compared to Alanis Morissette's &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot;...I think this cd is more along the lines of JLP.  it's a bit more edgy, and rocky.  And Avril contributed to it a bit more...<br />Overall, I think it's better and less poppy than Let Go.  Pick it up
B0002858YS|5.0|Do you like Duran Duran? Do you like Interpol? Then try the Killers' Hot Fuss. It's an attractive mix of 80's Synth-Rock and contemporary Indie Rock. Frontman Flowers vocals are reminiscent of that of Morrisey, yet the cohabitation of the bass and synthesizers sounds alot like Duran Duran's best stuff. This is a great album. I'm very surprised the promos for this album fail to mention the lyrical brilliance of 'Believe Me Natalie.' It's arguably the best song on an album full of great tracks. Highly recommended if you enjoy the way which 80s sounds continue to pop-up in today's Indie Rock.
B0002234LS|3.0|So the stars are all for Johnny Depp. The plot was average. If it had been some B movie actor in J Depp's role then this film would have been released straight to video. <BR>There are no big scares. Johnny Depp played his character to perfection, capturing all the little oddities of a man living alone for a while - some of that very funny. It's great that he isn't afraid to be shown as scared or weak - and it's just entertaining to watch him passout. His exwife is hardly simpathetic - though she isn't really supposed to be for the ending to work and yet you lose even that scare and that routing for her moment when her life is in danger. <BR>The ending surprised me but I was to happy with it instead of disturbed or scared.<BR>Fine to watch once. <BR>Don't bother if you aren't a Depp fan.
B0002858YS|5.0|Do you like Duran Duran? Do you like Interpol? Then try the Killers' Hot Fuss. It's an attractive mix of 80's Synth-Rock and contemporary Indie Rock. Frontman Flowers vocals are reminiscent of that of Morrisey, yet the cohabitation of the bass and synthesizers sounds alot like Duran Duran's best stuff. This is a great album. I'm very surprised the promos for this album fail to mention the lyrical brilliance of 'Believe Me Natalie.' It's arguably the best song on an album full of great tracks. Highly recommended if you enjoy the way which 80s sounds continue to pop-up in today's Indie Rock.
0679731377|5.0|I could recommend this book because of the creative devices used to convey Barnes's message, or because of the message itself (that humanity perpetuates an endless cycle of self-destruction), or because of the amazing forethought presented by a young writer, or because of the tenderness with which he approaches his subject (that's us).  But I won't choose; I'll recommend it for all of these reasons.<br />The comparisons to Joyce and Calvino (on the back cover) are apt, except Barnes is more compassionate than Joyce and less cryptic than Calvino.  Barnes is a Boccaccio for our times.<br />It's rare that I find a philosophical novel to be so compelling.  Buy this book.
B000001FDK|5.0|Absolutely fantastic!!!!!!!!!<br />I love every single song on the CD and I've watched the film so many times I've lost track. Let's jus say enough times to know the words off by heart even when I'm only 17.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Firefly was a brilliant show that was too good for television and ended up running for a mere half season.  Normally, that's it for a show but this one bucked the curve.  Legions of fans launched an immediate campaign to get their show back and it's creator Joss Whedon worked even harder to bring Firefly back in some form.  Thanks to such tireless effort it's coming back as a movie, &quot;Serenity&quot;, in 2005.<br />The reason it's inspired such devotion and uncommon effort is because it's just that good.  Special effects, characterization, dialogue, plot, music; all are top of the line.  I was one of the first to pre-order the DVD and everyone I've shown it to has become an instant convert.  If you like Sci-Fi BUY THIS SET.  Or, if you're not ready to commit, rent it from Blockbuster and then come back and buy it.  Because once you've seen the pilot this DVD set will grace your bookshelf.  It's just that good.
B0001ENY6M|5.0|I liked the movie! We have to see behind the scenes and the powerfull message beyond the images. I has so beatifull images and the photograph in wonderfull. this soundtrack is very beautifull and we can go deeper within the Passion than in the movie. It has so peacefull and insight movements in the tracks, and the female voice and chorus and atonishing. I feel myself very toutched emotionally and spiritually every time I listen to this score. I very good cd to add to your music collection!
0440238609|5.0|I read this series a few years ago and I fell in love with it. After finishing the last page of the Amber Spyglass, I bawled my eyes out. I was very moved with the conclusion of the series, and was shocked by the unexpected ending. Though I read this series a while ago, I still remember almost every detail, and often think back on it when I am reading other books. This series was one of those that you read, and when you are done reading it all you want to do is find another book just like it. If you read this series and don't like it, i would be shocked. I have made all of my friends read it, and they, too, loved it. When I read any other novel, I always compare it to this series, and yet, no other book that i have ever read has ever matched up to be as good as this. I love everything about this series, and am always looking to find another book equally as touching.<br />Hopefully, Phillip Pullman will someday make a sequal to this series. Pullman writes with such poetry and emotion that you actually feel as though yo are one of the characters. He also is one of the most imaginitive authors ever. Pullman inspired me to want to grow up, go to Oxford University, and try to eventually be an excellent author just like him!<br />Thank you to Phillip Pullman for writing a novel that helped me decide what i would like to do with my life.
B0000DZTIW|5.0|This soundtrack is very toutching in every sense. Some of the movements are so peacefull that we fell been lifted from the earth universe and enter in another dimension. This is a very emotionall musical composition, like the movie, that is so very interesting. Some of the tracks are very powerfull in sound and imagery, letting our imagination go around and remember some of the wonderfull scenes of the movie.
B000021YQV|5.0|This album has got to be my favorurite album in the world - from my favourite band in the world. They absolutely rock, the music has great lyrics and meaningful music. Recommend it if you like Linkin Park and Slipknot!
B00005JKDR|5.0|My children know this movie verbatim!  Mike Wazowski, Scully, and Boo!  It is such a good story set on how monsters depend on the screams of children in order to survive.  The reverse concept was helpful my youngest son is no longer afraid of the dark because of this movie.  It shows strength, as well as encourages.  It's a fascinating animation that the entire family will enjoy.
B000001FI7|5.0|The sublime, noir beauty of Portishead's debut hasn't been replicated since its '94 release. No other British trip-hop act comes close, save maybe Massive Attack (and I find their work to be somewhat uneven over the course of their four albums--Mezzanine is genius, Blue Lines is good but dated, and Protection and 100th Window are merely so-so). Vocalist Beth Gibbons and studio artist Geoff Barrow really tapped into something brilliant here.<br /><br />While most trip-hop strives to sound dark and downtempo, Dummy is the only trip-hop album that feels like it could be incorporated seamlessly into a '40s noir flick while sounding perfectly distinctive on its own. There are traces of jazz, hip-hop scratches and beats, moody guitar flourishes, chiming percussion, and some clever, low-key sampling. Sometimes the crackly sounds and pops of an old 45 can be heard. It establishes a perfect atmosphere, one in which smoking a filterless cigarette and wearing a trenchcoat would not be out of place; and I haven't even begun to describe the vocals yet.<br /><br />Beth Gibbons' melancholic wail just oozes soul out of every pore; on the hit single, the James Bond-esque Sour Times her sorrowful voice runs a chill up my spine. In other songs like Glory Box, she recalls the stylings of Billy Holiday, and on It Could Be Sweet her smoky, low-key singing is downright sexy. Overall, Gibbons is one of the finest voices in trip-hop, up there with contemporaries Elizabeth Fraser and Tracy Thorn.<br /><br />There's not a single out-of-place track here, just an excellent unified sense of moodiness and sorrow, not feeling too bleak but not insincere either. If you've come looking for the perfect music for rolling down the sparsely populated city streets in the rain at 3 am--you've just found it. Dummy is absolutely essential.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|I love Shrek beginning to end!<br /><br />And I especially love that it includes all of the fairy tales from the past and builds a different story all together.<br /><br />My husband, children, and I sit in front of the TV watching and I promise at the end when they are doing karaoke it makes me laugh like the very first time!<br /><br />This is one of the greatest animated movies out and anyone with children or kids at heart will enjoy this great movie!
B00011RPB0|5.0|After 52 years of living, rarely do I watch a movie twice.  I did 'Lost in Translation'.  I have but one suggestion to Sophia.  'Let's not go back there, because it will never be that good again?'  I didn't think this movie 'had' an ending.......or a beginning.  Oh, yes-yes, it did, had to, right?  It was a womans beautiful backside - housed in nylon.  Reincarnated movie Zen.  'Be the rain' (Neil Young).
0060589272|1.0|Another book of Paulo Coelho that wants to be deep and original but is nothing more than dull and ridiculous. This is the last book I'm ever going to read by this author. I didn't read it in the original Portuguese, so maybe it's the translation, but this man can't write. His writing is much too simple (in his case it IS a disadvantage) and feels constructed, corny and artificial.
B0000027RL|4.0|I bought &quot;Ten&quot; last year when I decided to give Pearl Jam a try and it was the only one of their CDs in the store at the time. My first impression of it was that it was a bit monotonous, and the songs seemed to be overly long and melodramatic. When I bought &quot;Vitalogy,&quot; &quot;Ten&quot; was quickly thrown aside in favor of the former. However, a few months ago, I came back to this and I was pleasantly surprised. I still maintain that it's not the masterpiece that people claim it is, and that Pearl Jam went on to do much better things, but it's a very good debut.<br />The album begins with a snippet of &quot;Master/Slave,&quot; a Pink Floyd-esque ditty that flows into &quot;Once,&quot; the second song in a trilogy about a boy who kills his mother. It's a very good song. Next is &quot;Even Flow,&quot; a song that I once thought was good but I can now barely listen to due to the overplay on the radio (yes, even today it's overplayed). Third is &quot;Alive,&quot; the first in the trilogy and easily one of the best in Pearl Jam's catalogue, even though it suffers from people misinterpreting it as a life-affirming anthem. Next comes &quot;Why Go,&quot; a so-so song about a girl whose parents send her to a mental institute. That flows into &quot;Black,&quot; a beautiful, reflective song that I would call the album's highlight. Then comes &quot;Jeremy&quot; -- everyone knows about that one. It's a good song that, in my opinion, was only catapulted to &quot;great&quot; status because of the admittedly excellent video. The seventh track, &quot;Oceans,&quot; is another slower song that is good but not up to the standards of &quot;Black.&quot; Next comes &quot;Porch,&quot; an up-tempo song that definitely gets the blood pumping. &quot;Garden&quot; is my least favorite song on the album. It sounds at parts like a power ballad a la &quot;November Rain.&quot; The album picks back up with &quot;Deep,&quot; though, which has good lyrics and a cool drum part. The album closes with &quot;Release,&quot; a haunting song about Eddie Vedder's father that brought me to tears when I really listened to it. Listen for a couple of minutes and you'll hear some more of &quot;Master/Slave,&quot; which I could take or leave.<br />&quot;Ten&quot; is a classic and for anyone who considers themself a fan of '90s alternative music, it's a must-have. Just don't go in with sky-high expectations, and you should enjoy it. And after you listen to it, listen to some of Pearl Jam's later stuff, because they only get better.
B0001GOH6Q|5.0|This review is to chastise those VERY FEW people who did not like this movie.  In short, this movie is a Masterpiece, and if you did not appreciate it, then you are just as shallow as spit.  I still tear up at the final river scene.  When I went to see this movie there were a couple of good old boys who were obviously seasoned fishermen.  As they were leaving, and I am Not Kidding, one of them turned and looked at the other and said, &quot;Well that was differnt!&quot;  I think that they were expecting a movie about a fish, a Big Fish at that.  No, this is not Bass Masters on steroids.  This movie is an absolute cinematic masterpiece, Tim Burton's best film to date.  It is So Deep.  You can't just watch this movie once, even just two or three times is not enough.  There is so much to this film, and the acting is Top Notch. See this movie, and appreciate it.  It is full of metaphores to help describe life and emotion.  If you don't like movies that make you think and say, &quot;WOW,&quot; then maybe you should watch something on MTV or the Cartoon Network.
0446530573|5.0|Michele is the name of a MALE! In fact it is Italian for MICHAEL -- YOUR NAME IN ITALIAN!
B0001BKAEY|2.0|I am a Huge fan of the first Matrix movie, it was by far the best.  The second movie is really awesome too, but you have to watch it a few times to really pick every thing up.  I was SO EXCITED about seeing Revolutions.  I saw it, and it sucked.  Really, the plot line can be TOTALLY figured out in like the first 5 minutes of the movie.  There is so much skipping arround that if you get up to go to the bathroom, you will be Totally lost by the time you get back.  One thing that some people who wrote negative reviews need to be reminded of is that this was a Continuation of Reloaded.  It was not a totally seperate movie, instead, it picks up right where Reloaded left off.  That is really cool, but they just totally screwed up every thing else about the movie.  Even the big fight scene at the end between Neo and Smith is poorly done.  The CGI is great, don't get me wrong, it just seemed like there was something missing, and I still can't quite put my finger on it.  By the end of the movie, when you see that Trinity has bitten the big one, you know that Neo is going to follow suit.  I mean, come on, you can have one living without the other!  Smith is by far the best character in this movie, he is just too cool.  With all of his little one liners, he is just awesome.  Anyway, you need to see this movie if you have seen Reloaded, but if you have just seen the first Matrix, then just forget about the other two so you can keep a favorable oppinion of the Matrix concept.
B00028HBKC|5.0|So many reviews are expressions of one's beliefs that they fail to pay tribute to James Caviezel, a young man whose faith and strength of character is reflected in the depth of this role.  Every actor searches for a role that will define his skills and be a part of his being.  The role of Jesus will be such a role for James Caviezel. This is a movie that causes us to look at the history of the time and how politics, greed, and fear combine to create suffering for an innocent Jesus.  Whether one is a believer or not, one has to look at the screen as a canvas where Mel Gibson as an artist uses Caviezel as his instrument to create a masterpiece.  It causes one to be humble in the presence of such power and glory.  Thank You Mel and Thank You James for sharing your commitment and passion with the world. You said to the world \\"the battle of good versus evil is still the same\\"---here it is ---this hasn't changed in over two thousand years.
B00021R7CG|5.0|The James Earl Jones cigarette bit in &quot;By Dawn's Early Light&quot; is one of my all time favorite movie scenes--maybe second only to Tom Cruise's deathbed scene in &quot;Magnolia.&quot;  The scene is funny, but it makes sense, too, since he's in this unthinkable struggle to save the world with a best case senario that includes his own death.<br />My genius friend found the movie too chaotic a representaion of choas, which I don't see.  I see a likely and well developted plot: the Secretary of interior seems to be rooted in any one of our current leaders (in 2004).<br />Oh, well.  I was surpised at how much the movie still moved me when I tracked it down again 12 or so years after seeing it on HBO.  I might have been 11 when I first saw it.  It was part of my phase in which I was obsessed with the notion of nuclear war and was having frequent nightmares.
B000002J09|4.0|... and then tell you to listen to Limp Bizcut. This is one of the great rock albums. It's been played to death like Dark Side of the Moon, but is still one of the best. Most modern rock bands have about 3% of the creativity of Zep.
B00005JMFQ|2.0|&quot;Love Actually&quot; is a blandly commercial product. Its writing is abysmally trite and predictable; among the many plot twists there was one that didn't take the most obvious course, but it took the second most obvious one. To disguise the mediocrity (to be charitable) of that writing, the movie relies on the old change-of-pace method: it hops skittishly among plots so the limited arc of any given line won't be exposed quite as painfully.<br />The one thing the movie has going for it is casting. It wastes most of this advantage. Colin Firth, for seemingly the 40th time in his career, is wasted as a milquetoast romantic interest in the mold of Hugh Grant's earlier career. (What the heck has Firth done to deserve this sort of wasting death as a movie actor? He must be paying the bills so he can do theater or something.) Liam Neeson does brilliantly with a funeral speech that's wretchedly, glaringly, ploddingly badly written, and spends the rest of the movie playing second fiddle to one more precocious, unlikeable kid actor. Emma Thompson and Alan Rickman are cast as a couple, and they manage to drag the material up for air a couple of times. There's even a moment with Rowan Atkinson when the proceedings almost gain a little life. Laura Linney might be pretty good -- but she's in one of those romances where the people don't talk to each other when they have a chance, because otherwise everyone would be too happy too fast to make a movie of things. I'm forgetting a bunch of roles, all of them cast with pretty good actors. (Keira Knightly's the only really painful presence in the movie. The same mannerisms, over and over, are hard to watch.) All of the actors walk through stories that couldn't be more contrived, though.<br />Did I mention that the movie uses airports as a point of departure both for various characters and for their plotlines? And that they then return to the airports at the end, to finish things off?<br />So: Lots of actors in a cobbled-up group of weak (weak, weak) plotlines that hop around, with a sort of &quot;point of departure and return&quot; motif. This is the most well-produced episode of a certain television program you'll ever want to see. By about halfway through, what I wanted to know was -- where's Julie McCoy? Doc? Isaac? Gopher? The whole &quot;Captain's table for dinner&quot; conceit would have at least allowed things to connect to each other...<br />Yes, it was that mediocre.f weak (weak, weak) plotlines that hop around, with a sort of &quot;point of departure and return&quot; motif. This is the most well-produced episode of a certain television program you'll ever want to see. By about halfway through, what I wanted to know was -- where's Julie McCoy? Doc? Isaac? Gopher? The whole &quot;Captain's table for dinner&quot; conceit would have at least allowed things to connect to each other...<br />Yes, it was that mediocre.
B0001MDQ2G|5.0|Lots of bands have incorportated Middle Eastern melodies in their music over the last three decades, but it is certainly a lot more intriguing when a band from that specific region (Israel) uses motifs from its own culture and envelopes a broader musical spectrum. Enter Orphaned Land who released two other albums in the mid-90's neither of which was as progressive and interesting as their new one Mabool.<br />After an 8-year long break, Orphaned Land is back with their finest disc to date. I was sceptical about buying this album but when quite a few friends of mine whose recommendation I always care for praised it to no end and since Orphaned Land is going to play on a festival here in Istanbul next week opening for Pain of Salvation I decided to give them a chance... I'm glad I did. It's one of the better albums of year so far and the best thing Century Media has released in 2004.<br />While listening to Mabool, I am reminded of three bands in particular. The first one is Opeth circa Morningrise. The way they're using the twin guitars and somewhat blackish death growls is quite reminiscent of the Swedish prog-death act. Then there is Nile for their technical side and Middle Eastern elements in their music. Last but not least there is Mezarkabul, a great band from Turkey with accented Middle Eastern melodies. Although Orphaned Land is no where near as progressive as Opeth; as heavy as Nile or as traditional sounding as Mezarkabul, they certainly share some common characteristics with these bands. On the other hand they also have their own unique edge to them and they're almost addictive in this sense. I've also heard people comparing them to Pain of Salvation but I don't necessarily hear it myself. Then it's all subjective opinion; you may as well think that my comparisons are off quite a bit.<br />Mabool is a concept album and memans \\"The Flood\\". It is inspired by the biblical flood story of Noah and the Ark but represents the band's views on what's going on in the Middle East. The story is about three heroes who share the same soul on a spiritual level. The soul is divided into three human beings: one Jew, one Christian and one Muslim. When they unite, they realise that a flood is going to come and cover the Orphaned Land with a big ocean because of the sins of mankind. The name Orphaned Land symbolises Israel itself which is a holy place for most people. This holy place is corrupt because of the endless wars and bloodshed that took place because of religion and beliefs. So now it's time for nature to clean the sins and purify the land with the waters of the flood. This is basically what the concept is about: there are three individuals all from different religions coming together in order to stop the wars and save this sacred place. All three of them try in vain to warn their own people against killing each other in the name of God. As a matter of fact, this is exactly what is happening in the Middle East nowadays. People are getting killed day by day for no real cause so Orphaned Land's lyrical statements are quite solid and reflect reality. This album by no means is a 'religious' album where the band members are trying to impose their own beliefs onto the listener; on the contrary Mabool just draws attention on the senselessness and atrocities of war where thousands of innocent people of ALL religions lose their lives in this bloodshed.<br />Musically there is a dichotomy present as well. All kinds of heavy metal instruments are side by side with traditional Arabic instruments such as the 'oud', 'saz' and 'buzuki'. Moreover the mixed ethnic identity of the 'Orphaned Land' is successfully characterized with the inclusion of Hebrew, Arabic, Indian and Latin texts as well as the language of &quot;gibberish&quot; which is a made-up language created by the Orphaned Land members themselves. Kobi Farhi's meticulous attention in the production shows and the vocal harmonies are some of the most original harmonies to have been recorded. Farhi not only does the clean vocals, but he handles the death growls, spoken passages, chants and back vocals as well. The lead guitar work is stunning; you can tell that Yossi Saharon spent a great deal of his time, energy and creativity to write those killer melodies, riffs and solos. I'll leave the rest of my comments about the music for myself since each listener should intrepet it himself best.corded. Farhi not only does the clean vocals, but he handles the death growls, spoken passages, chants and back vocals as well. The lead guitar work is stunning; you can tell that Yossi Saharon spent a great deal of his time, energy and creativity to write those killer melodies, riffs and solos. I'll leave the rest of my comments about the music for myself since each listener should intrepet it himself best.
0676973779|5.0|I read THE LIFE OF PI during a rainy weekend in June.  I sat on<BR>one side of the couch while my cat snoozed at the opposite end.<BR>An aquarium gurgled behind us.  Thanks YAN for the greatest <BR>moment of my two month holiday.  Truly a surrealistic experience.<br />Bryan
B0001HAISG|5.0|First of all, I have always been a Peter Pan fan so obviously this movie is going to speak to me more than it will to most people.  What distinguishes this movie from previous versions is that it stresses the ~*loneliness*~ of being Peter Pan.  The common misperception of Peter Pan is that he's nothing more than a lucky boy who always has fun and is the subject of jealousy for adults and kids alike.  This movie, however, presents him as somewhat of a &quot;tragic boy&quot; who cannot live like the rest of us, can never fully comprehend and experience love, and is given countless opportunities to live but rejects it, and therefore, is always looking in through the window that &quot;bars&quot; him out.  I'm not saying that the movie makes you feel only sympathy for him, for after all, if he escapes life then he also escapes the unwanted responsibilities which come with adulthood, the frailty of old age, and ultimately death.  In the end, you feel both envy yet sadness for Peter, which are the feelings J.M. Barrie intended his book to evoke.  You don't need kids to share this movie with-- everyone can identify with Peter, for surely we have all felt lonely or longed for our childhood at some point in our lives.
B00004RFCM|5.0|I got into this series when it was almost over and can recommend it. Yes, it's explicit at times so beware of that, but it's fresh and fun and most importantly absolutely fabulous.  The characters are all played wonderfully by this cast and the stories have you chatting later about it with your friends saying things like &quot;GEEZ, I'd never put up with that&quot; etc.  Depending on your favorite character as a woman it's easy to find yourself in one of the cast.<br />LOVE THIS SERIES!
B0000C9JFO|5.0|In the movie, L'auberge espagnol (The Spanish Apartment) is translated as \\"European pudding\\" - an apt description of the movie it titles.  The plot?  Xavier, 24, out of school and unsure of his prospects spends a year in Barcelona.  Why? He's studying economics and learning Spanish so he can get a job in stocks back in his native Paris.  After three weeks of living on the couch of an acquaintance he met at the airport, our man finds a place with a group of European students in the same exchange program, and the eurpoean mixing commences.  The players?  Spanish, Belgian, English, Swedish, Italian, French, and German.  All are equally chill in a generic, college aged, exchange student way.  The story follows everyone as they work, study, play, fall in and out of love, and generally amuse us with their mistakes and foibles.  Though fitting seven strangers in one small apartment seems like a Real World setup (with arguments and sex to follow) the players all seem extremely mellow.  If there are fights, they're about the obnoxious houseguests...but even this can be either appreciated or ignored.  Perhaps it's all the pot smoking they're doing, but the roommates really did get along, and while they were at it they made me believe that anyone could live and play in Spain, even neurotic old me.<br />L'auberge espagnol is a coming-of-age fable set in modern day Barcelona, where the players are hip and the Bohemian rules.  The movie is like a piece of cake (or pudding?): fluffy, sweet, and makes you feel good without weighing you down.  It's on the edge of being a chick-flick but doesn't have the happy ending you might expect.  It's a good film...and even better if you're going on an exchange program and want a morale boost.  The whimsical filming and editing smooth the icing quite nicely, and the beautiful locations don't hurt, either.
B000089CJI|5.0|Allow me to start our by saying that I usually don't get too into Electronica. I, like some of you, generally prefer the raw sound of more conventional intruments. However, when I heard that Ben Gibbard (Death Cab For Cutie) was the Vocals for this Duo, I had to check it out. That is a decision I am so very thankful for.<br />This Album is perfection. From track to track you are taken through a dreamy ride of brilliantly-crafted songs. You get it all, from the pop-perfection of &quot;Such Great Heights&quot; To the thumb-tapping, magic of &quot;Sleeping In&quot; (that you just can't help but sing along).<br />If you are a fan of contemporay Seattle bands such as Death Cab and The Long Winters; or salivate over the greatness that is The Shins, then you will be more than pleased. If you long for catchy and creative pop songs that you just can't get out of your head (and don't want to!), then you will be thrilled. If you desire amazing songs, with an abundance of originality, and with powerful, meaningful, and beautiful lyrics, then you must buy this album.<br />Enjoy.
0439288886|5.0|I remember the first time I got a copy of the book \\"Treasure Island,\\" I was about eight years old. I tried to get people to read it to me, but they always wanted to read something else, something with more pictures, and something with fewer words! It wasn't for several years that I finally got to read the book on my own - it took a while for my reading to advance, but I kept the book with the boy and pirate and the bird on the cover. It looked very interesting, and I knew there was treasure to be had inside of it!<br />The narrator is Jim Hawkins, son of the innkeepers of the Admiral Benbow Inn. A mysterious stranger, Billy Bones, lives at the inn and likes to spin stories, including the one about the one-legged man who he warns Jim to keep a watch for. A blind man appears and so frightens Billy Bones with the black spot that he dies of a stroke. Jim and his mother find Billy's sea chest, and in there is a map.<br />You knew that there had to be a map, didn't you?<br />There were coins and other things, but soon others arrive in search of the map. Jim has care of the map, and takes it to people he trusts, the Squire Trelawney and Doctor Livesey. They recognize the map as a treasure map made by the evil Captain Flint. The Squire purchases a ship called \\"the Hispaniola,\\" hired a crew and a captain, Captain Smollet. The cook is perhaps the most famous name in the book - Long John Silver. He is a one-legged man, too.<br />Jim discovers that some of Smollett's crew were part of Flint's crew, and are plotting to kill them all and take the treasure. Once on the island, most go ashore, including Jim, who discovers in hiding an ex-pirate named Ben Gunn who was left on the island by his former crew. Gunn promises to help Jim and his friends, who have taken refuge in an old fort on the island. The other pirates with Long John Silver attack the fort, but without success in getting the map.<br />Jim manages to sneak into the fort, but the gunfire continues the next day, without success on either side. Jim sneaks out again, takes Ben Gunn's boat stealthily out to the Hispaniola, and cuts its ropes and sets it adrift. The next morning, the sea is rough, and Jim has to fend off the attack of a remaining pirate. Jim manages to get the ship into a cove.<br />The fort falls, and the Doctor gives Long John Silver the map. There is some give and take among the pirates as to what to do with the doctor and Jim. After some tussle, in which Long John Silver almost gets the black spot of death himself, they go after the treasure chest. Will they find it?<br />There is a lot of excitement here. Finding the treasure chest, after all this adventure, turns out to just be the beginning. Ben Gunn has a secret, you see, and the Doctor isn't out of the picture entirely, either. Long John Silver isn't quite the bloodthirsty pirate through and through, and in a strange twist, there is a relatively happy ending.<br />It certainly made for an exciting story for a young boy, and when I re-read portions of it now and then, I get a bit of a thrill again. The characters are brash and well written. Robert Louis Stevenson is a great novelist, knowing how to put together plot and character, and his use of the language gives the reader a sense of the salt air and rough and tumble of the seas.success on either side. Jim sneaks out again, takes Ben Gunn's boat stealthily out to the Hispaniola, and cuts its ropes and sets it adrift. The next morning, the sea is rough, and Jim has to fend off the attack of a remaining pirate. Jim manages to get the ship into a cove.<br />The fort falls, and the Doctor gives Long John Silver the map. There is some give and take among the pirates as to what to do with the doctor and Jim. After some tussle, in which Long John Silver almost gets the black spot of death himself, they go after the treasure chest. Will they find it? <br />There is a lot of excitement here. Finding the treasure chest, after all this adventure, turns out to just be the beginning. Ben Gunn has a secret, you see, and the Doctor isn't out of the picture entirely, either. Long John Silver isn't quite the bloodthirsty pirate through and through, and in a strange twist, there is a relatively happy ending. <br />It certainly made for an exciting story for a young boy, and when I re-read portions of it now and then, I get a bit of a thrill again. The characters are brash and well written. Robert Louis Stevenson is a great novelist, knowing how to put together plot and character, and his use of the language gives the reader a sense of the salt air and rough and tumble of the seas.
6300183971|1.0|I heard a lot of good things about the movie,but when I saw it for the first time,I hated it.The acting was boring,I had to hit the fast forward button several times in order to find a good scene in the movie.Patrick Stewart was better in Excalibur,Star Trek,and the X-Men series,but Dune,NO.I am a big fan of the Police,and Sting.But his acting was not good in the movie.Kyle Maclachlan's character and acting was awful and so was his hairstyle.The only stars in the movie who were good were Sian Phillips and Max Von Sydov.He was good as Ming the Merciless in the Flash Gordon movie,Phillips was good as the Reverend Mother and in the Aristocrats.She deserve a better script.High marks do go for the special effects,costumes and props,but the acting and storyline didn't work.Perhaps many were cast in the wrong roles,or shouldn't be in the movie.I dozed off a couple of times.The two hours and fifteen minutes of the movie was B-O-R-I-N-G.I'm also still confused about the plot dealing with the giant worm.In closing the movie shouldn't be called DUNE.it should be called D-O-O-M.
B000008EHT|5.0|1. Don't Leave Me This Way - 6:27<BR>2. La Dolarosa - 2:43<BR>3. Disenchanted - 6:13<BR>4. Reprise - 5:22<BR>5. So Cold The Night - 6:49<BR>6. You Are My World - 8:01<BR>7. Lover Man (Oh, Where Can You Be?) - 3:52<BR>8. Don't Slip Away - 2:58<BR>9. Heavens Above - 3:59<BR>10. Forbidden Love - 4:57<BR>11. Breadline Britain - 2:30<BR>12. Disenchanted (Dance Version) 8:45
0393057658|4.0|&quot;Moneyball&quot; takes the reader behind the scenes of a major league baseball team - how it operates, who runs the show, why they make the decisions they do, etc.  The fact that the Oakland A's, the subject of &quot;Moneyball,&quot; is the team in question only makes it that much more interesting.<br />Billy Beane, the General Manager of the A's, runs the team like none of his peers, and has experienced success beyond what his payroll should allow.  &quot;Moneyball&quot; tries to explain why.  Going back to the ground-breaking work of baseball writer Bill James,  and continuing with Beane's predecessor Sandy Alderson, Beane implemented ideas that were in circulation but were never really tried before.  The result was a winning percentage that was the envy of just about every team in baseball.<br />But Beane is not always correct in his thinking, and his attitude left a lot to be desired.  Despite his obsession with certain numbers, like OBP, and his belief that they will translate into wins, pitching has remained the ultimate determinant factor in a baseball team's success.  The A's have ranked 1st, 2nd or 3rd in ERA every year since 1999, while finishing as low as 10th in OBP.  Beane - and author Michael Lewis -  conveniently ignore this fact when explaining the reasons for the A's success.<br />Beane's disdain for the stolen base is also troubling, as it is well known that speed can disrupt a pitcher's rhythm and be a major factor in a closely-played game.  The players at the top of the runs scored category are, more often than not, effective base stealers as well.  Beane ignores this too.<br />Lastly, throughout the book Beane complains about his shortstop, Miguel Tejada, because Beane dislikes the fact that Tejada doesn't take enough pitches.  He's not patient at the plate.  What the book fails to mention is that Tejada finishes 7th in HR and 3rd in RBI and wins the MVP award in 2002!  How foolish does this make Beane look?  Very, if you ask me.<br />Still, this was a well written effort, and it was very interesting to follow the behind-the-scenes storyline of a baseball team for an entire season.  However, before deifying Beane for his efforts, it would behoove the A's to win a playoff series during his regime.  As of this writing, they remain winless, having lost to the Red Sox in 2003.  Contrary to what Beane would have you believe, &quot;just getting there&quot; isn't good enough!<br />Four stars.till, this was a well written effort, and it was very interesting to follow the behind-the-scenes storyline of a baseball team for an entire season.  However, before deifying Beane for his efforts, it would behoove the A's to win a playoff series during his regime.  As of this writing, they remain winless, having lost to the Red Sox in 2003.  Contrary to what Beane would have you believe, &quot;just getting there&quot; isn't good enough!<br />Four stars.
B0001BKAEY|1.0|This movie never really had a chance.  The writing is absolutely terrible.  The movie plods along with a cornucopia of insipid philosophical mumbo jumbo... all uttered with a straight face as if any of it made sense.  Neo and Trinity are barely in the movie.  The Matrix itself is surprisingly absent from this installment.  Basically it's not so much that it stinks... The problem is that it is boring and lame.  There were some pretty big logic problems too... For example, that one girl gets stabbed once in the stomach by that guy possessed by Agent Smith and she dies immediately.  Somehow, however, Trinity can have multiple wounds going all the way through her body and still have time for another boring pointless discussion with Neo.  I just finished watching it and I am already nearly done forgetting it.  Did they really flush $100 million down the toilet on this  turkey?  Hard to believe but they actually had the nerve to plant the seed for another sequel.  Good luck!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|It's a shame that this fantastic show by Buffy-creator Joss Whedon wasn't given a fair shake....it's witty dialogue and intrgiuing plot suck you instantly, and it's easy to not just get hooked, but to hook your friends on the fun. Check out this great sci-fi/western and then check out the upcoming movie, Serenity, which reunites the shows cast for the big screen!
B0000TB01Y|5.0|WOW!!! Thats all I can say is wow. Not since Les Miz has a show moved me so much. The only thing better than the CD is to see the show. Major props to the driving force's of the show, the 2 diva's. First off Kristin Chenoweth, is absoloutley hilarious as blonde Glinda. She really revokes good old fashinoned musical comedy in her show stopper &quot;Popular&quot; (it will stay in your head for days), she also has incredible timimg. But don't think this girl can't be serious, in her operatic turrn in the finale, it will give you goosebumps. Now on to Idina Menzel as Elphaba aka The Wicked Witch of the West. OMG!!! She is to good. She is so passionate about what she sings and is a great actress. She belts out The Wizard and I with so much stamina, and power, you'll be blown away, and Im not that Girl is quiet, and beautiful. Her Showstopper, though, is the electrifying Defying Gravity, her belt range is awesome!!! Plus the duet For Good (probably one of the show's best) is absoloutely haunting. Overall these ladies are so different but so incredible.<BR>But what would 2 Divas be w/out a supporting cast, and great material. Joel Grey(as the Wizard), always gives a great performance, and his vaudeville number Wonderful is incredibly catchy. Carole Shelley as the loud (very british), fiesty headmistress Madame Morrible is very funny (but you really have to see her on stage to see how good she is.) Norbert Leo Butz turns in a very good performance as Fiyero, the two girl's love intrest. He has a great number in Dancing through Life (which is even better on stage). Quirky, fun and surprising work done by Michelle Federer (Nessarose), Christopher Fitzgerald (Boq, and William Youmans (Dr.Dillamond). The Opening is very addiciting and tells a story to (plus provides a great entrance for Ms.Chenoweth). What is this Feeling is so much fun. One Short Day is nothing short (hah get it) of spectacular. Wizomaina on stage looks so cool. Kristin shines in Thank Goodness (her Eva-Peronesque) showstopper, with heartbreaking realism. Norbert and Idina shine in the lovely duet as long as your mine. Idina gives it her all in the powerful No Good Deed. March of the Witch Hunter's is a terrifying ensemble number, and the finale gives you chills. Overall this show was incredible!!!<BR>Plus I gotta give major credit to the girl I saw as Elphaba Eden Espinosa. She was phenomonal. I look forward to seeing her in Brookyln. Her Defying Gravity was so awesome (that note made my jaw-drop) you were amazing!!!
B0001L3LUE|5.0|This is an impact film narrated by McNamara; the format is that of an extended interrogation with an invisible interviewer placed behind the camera (or the tv). The film was produced beautifully with lengthy scenes of McNamara talking (at the present time as it were), pictures of battle grounds and of the dead, fast glimpses to numbers and percentages of the effectiveness of various attack methods all to symbolize - the way I see it - the inefficacy of war. Recordings of discussions between McNamara & LBJ, Kennedy and others are introduced together with historical pictures and documents.<br />I feel that McNamara's statements were sincere and that he was very accessible throughout the taping until he had to give yes/no responses on his share of the blame for the grave losses both sides suffered during the Vietnam war. He limits himself to stating, in the words of his interlocutor, that \\"you're damned if you do and damned if you don't\\" to which he adds \\"I'd rather be damned if I don't\\". In my opinion that on its own was a suitable answer. He stated that he has made mistakes and in the end apologized for them.<br />The movie covers periods between 1918 when McNamara was 2 years old and the country was celebrating the end of WWI to 1995 when he got to visit Vietnam and talk to one of his former enemies when he got to understand that what US looked at as a war of liberation the opposite camp saw as a civil war. Although he lists 11 lessons I would have added a 12th which combines two of McNamara's statements in what should be a proper advice to the current cabinet: If a majority of countries that have a similar set of beliefs as ours disagree with military action as the solution to a problem we must reevaluate the situation and in the face of misinterpretation any intelligent and able military leader will admit to making mistakes because such is the human nature: predisposed to failure.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|...I do like this album. Solid songwriting and performances. Avril, Garbage and Bazooka Jones are my favorite chic singer bands, and Under My Skin is a great example of this hooky genre.
B0000AUHQT|4.0|F. Scott Fitzgerald presents taut tension and symbolism between Modernism and Victorianism in the 1925's quintessential jazz age of the great American novel, &quot;The Great Gatsby&quot; and this 1974 adaptation of Fitzgerald's novel with Francis Ford Coppola's screenwriting captures the better part of it!<br />Daisy's green light at the end of her dock that symbolizes all hope and want in not just Gatsby but all people, the &quot;haves&quot; and the &quot;have-nots&quot;, guilt and carelessness, living above judgement and consequences, and of course, the eyes of Dr. T.J. Eckleburg over the &quot;valley of the ashes&quot;... All are all beautifully and sadly portrayed.<br />Mia Farrow as the self centered, one-dimensional Daisy, Bruce Dern as the philandering Tom and Robert Redford as the nouveau riche, enamoured Gatsby turn in quite decent performances.<br />As Nick says, &quot;They were careless people, Tom and Daisy- they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money ortheir vast carelessness or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made.&quot;<br />However, it is Karen Black as Myrtle, Scott Wilson as George and a sublime Sam Waterson cast as the perfect Nick are the highlight of this film along with the musical score, great costuming and elaborate set design.<br />This is well worth the watch and I enjoy this adaptation more than the A&amp;E presentation, of which I USUALLY favor!<br />&quot;Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no<br />matter- tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms  farther..... And one fine morning - &quot; (Nick)<br />Happy Watching!
B00006879E|5.0|Maroon 5 jumped into my consciousness when their single \\"Harder to Breathe\\" hit the radio waves.  After I heard their whole album while working in my studio, I was hooked.  This entire album is amazing.  Adam Levine can actually sing, live and in studio, and with emotion...he is a priceless asset to this record.  The band's musical execution matches Mr. Levine's voice beat-for-beat for quality and beauty.  My only qualms with this disc are lyrical.  The f-word is forcefully and needlessly employed (once) in \\"Harder to Breathe.\\"  Separate from that, but in the same song, is a crass sensual reference.  Other songs include sensual references, notably \\"This Love\\" and \\"Shiver,\\" and also \\"Sunday Morning,\\" where it is rather innocuous and romantic.  These observations may seem a prudish, but I want to fully inform those considering buying this disc.  Even if you avoid \\"Harder to Breathe,\\" you have eleven amazing tracks left.  With my stated reservations, I highly recommend this album.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I love this show, as in an undying passion that will last forever type of love.  This is a wonderfully written show with a superb cast, and excellent FX.  I think everyone can find a character they identify with, and that is the mark of a truly excellent show.  Fox shot themselves in the foot big time with the ill treatment and cancellation of this show, as will be shown when it is released as the Major Motion Picture Serenity in Spring 2005.
B0001GOH6Q|5.0|Big Fish is a fairy tale of a movie. Even though it's long, it never gets boring. The acting is good (even though the southern accents arent.) BF is a really enjoyable movie- it was better than I thought it'd be.
B000001OAA|5.0|...love this CD. Strong thoughout. Unique blend of rock and techno/pop elements. Probably my favorite Garage CD, but I dig them All. Shirley has a sexy mid range voice that reminds me of Viagra in Bazooka Jones or Christine Amphlett of The Divynals....very nice textures....dig it!!!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Firefly is one of the best TV sci-fi series I have seen, if not the best and most entertaining! Excellent plots, superb acting and filming. One wonders why did not they produce more episodes? Are they crazy or what?
6301763041|4.0|I think the movie Cry Baby is a very good movie.It really should be on DVD.Johnny Depp looks very good in this movie.He is attractive in this movie.&quot;Please Mr.Jailer&quot; let this movie be on DVD.I wish the director would let it be on DVD.It shows Johnny Depp and Ricki Lake.It is very cute and the songs are really funny.And at the end they get stuck in your head and you never forget them.It based on the 50's.And Johnny is like one of those Elvis type guys.Well I don't want to give too much away.Just please let us have it on DVD. :)
B00004X0Q0|1.0|I bought this CD because I heard good things about it and because I loved the album De-Loused in the Comatorium by the Mars Volta band which has the lead singer Cedric and guitar player Omar from ATDI.  But unfortunately Cedric just screams out random stupid lyics on this album by ATDI and the musicianship is nothing special, don't buy this album unless you like screaming and rip off Rage sounds.  I love Rage against the Machine, I love the Mars Volta, I loathe this album with all the contempt that Nero had for Christians.  This is truly one of the worst albums ever made IMO but if you like Emo and screaming and fast music go buy it.
B0001ADAVK|5.0|To paraphrase the words of Julia Robert's as first year Wellesley Art History teacher Katherine Ann Watson \\"You are not required to like it, only to open your mind.\\"  Those words came to mind after reading a few very revealing reviews on this site.  `Mona Lisa Smile' has been reviewed as, \\"male bashing\\", \\"anti marriage\\", and the most overused of all lazy monikers, \\"A chick flick\\".<br />  I did not find it to be any of those things, but rather an insightful look into what it meant to be a woman at the most prestigious women's college in 1953.  I found it to be a film about choices that were available then to women and in comparison what the choices are there for them today.  I did not find it to be male bashing but rather affirming of the complexities of accepted relationships between of men and women and the possibilities of new behaviors.<br />  I didn't not find it anti marriage, for in the Julia Stiles character were are shown most clearly that even though she has the opportunity to go to Yale to study law she chooses what is in fact her dream, to be a housewife. By contrast we are shown in the character portrayed by Kirsten Dunst that marriage is not always the best thing for some people and for her like her professor Katherine, there are other opportunities available, not many in 1953 but some and more were about to emerge as time moved on toward the 1960's. It was realist in its views that not all marriages workout and that those that do take honesty and hard work.<br />  Lastly it is not a chick flick, that demeaning term used by the immature filmgoer to describe any film that deals with women with brains, about issues of emotion over action and about alternatives over automatonisum.<br /> Julia Roberts is wonderful as the bohemian teacher from California who comes to be taught as much by her students as she teaches them. She has grown into a woman of substance and power on the screen.  Also a special note of mention must go to Marcia Gay Harden who creates a chillingly sad picture of a lost woman damaged by the effects of World War II. Beyond these fine performances the film belongs to the younger women in the piece. Dunst, Stiles, Jennifer Goodwyn and the incredible Maggie Gyllenhall deliver fine multi-layered and deeply felt performances. The film is theirs from beginning to end and they must be commended for their devotion, research and belief in the beauty of \\"Mona Lisa Smile\\".lingly sad picture of a lost woman damaged by the effects of World War II. Beyond these fine performances the film belongs to the younger women in the piece. Dunst, Stiles, Jennifer Goodwyn and the incredible Maggie Gyllenhall deliver fine multi-layered and deeply felt performances. The film is theirs from beginning to end and they must be commended for their devotion, research and belief in the beauty of \\"Mona Lisa Smile\\".
B00005UKKF|5.0|I cannot say enough good things about Britney. She is so talented. She sings(f.y.i live) you can tell by the fact that Brit doesn't reach her pitch(s) in some of her songs. Plus. she stands still for alot of the concert as well. She even dances and still stays on key. Britney is great. Even if you don't like Britney at all, you still have to admit that the girl has talent.<BR>Britney has a long career ahead of her  and she is going for the long run. Britneyis hear to stay. Get over it already!
B000089CJI|5.0|First of all, Im 50 yrs. old. I listen to alot of stuff my kids introduce me to, after all, i introduced them to music first so its only fair.  I have like alot of music, Interpol, Joy Division and so on, but I keep playing this cd over and over again. I dont know what it is about this collaboration, but it works, and I can't get enough of it.
6300181553|5.0|Holiday Inn is a wonderful old movie about a man who owns an inn that is only open on holidays. (If only there was such a place!) Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire are great as &quot;friends&quot; going after the same woman. Some of my favorite scenes include Fred's July 4th's firecracker tap dance and when he tries to dance on New Year's Eve when he's already drunk.
1573229725|5.0|In the reading life of an avid reader there are only few treats like reaching the very big twist in Sarah Waters's \\"Fingersmith\\". Not many things are comparable to the big gasp that even an experienced reader will utter when he/she read that paragraph, and in disbelief wants to move on.<br />Waters' extraordinary novel is made of that, of a big hanging twist after another -- and we are desperate for more. When the narrative flows in a calm pace we cannot almost believe that `nothing is going on'. Actually a lot is going on all the time, but we keep waiting for a huge twist happen. And they happen --oh, boy!<br />The story of two crossed orphans is told with sophistication and passion. There is more passion from the author towards her creations than from one character to each other. The characters are never what they seem to be --and, no matter how experienced we are, we are delightfully fooled most of the time.<br />Victorian par excellence, \\"Fingersmith\\" can be compared to the also beautiful \\"The Crimson Petal and the White\\". Both are very plot-driven big bravura of novels. Waters's work may not be as big as \\"Petal\\" but it is still an important social panorama of a period in England --the time when women used to `farm' babies for whatever they were required, a time when pickpockets were called fingersmith, among other things.<br />But Waters is usually compared to Charles Dickens. It is undeniable that there is a Dickensian element in her novel -- it is not by chance that in the very first page of \\"Fingersmith\\" the main character goes to theater to see \\"Oliver Twist\\". But while in Dickens' novels characters could be divided into the good, the bad and the very very evil, in Waters's book they cannot labelled at all. Nobody is only good or only bad --they are closer to real human beings, in whom both good and evil cohabit and eventually one of them will come to the surface.<br />At some point, \\"Fingersmith\\" is very close to the gothic novel. Waters has an incredible ability to describe phantasmagoric places without even mentioning ghosts. She creates alive human beings that are much more scarier than any dead soul --just check the beginning of the third part.<br />But there is also room for existentialism in \\"Fingersmith\\". At some point, the narrative would raise interesting questions on the sanity issue. What's a mad person? How can we label someone crazy? There probably is some resonance from Charlotte Bront's \\"Jane Eyre\\". And the philosophical discussion never stops. The most important thematic in \\"Fingersmith\\" is the identity: what defines who you are? This is a topic that will always be timeless.<br />All in all, this is a novel with so many good influences and references that only enhances the pleasure of reading it. There are so many layers in Waters's \\"Fingersmith\\" that it is a delightful game to try and predict what will come next --but, mind you, nobody has a creative mind as this author.ability to describe phantasmagoric places without even mentioning ghosts. She creates alive human beings that are much more scarier than any dead soul --just check the beginning of the third part.<br />But there is also room for existentialism in \\"Fingersmith\\". At some point, the narrative would raise interesting questions on the sanity issue. What's a mad person? How can we label someone crazy? There probably is some resonance from Charlotte Bront's \\"Jane Eyre\\". And the philosophical discussion never stops. The most important thematic in \\"Fingersmith\\" is the identity: what defines who you are? This is a topic that will always be timeless.<br />All in all, this is a novel with so many good influences and references that only enhances the pleasure of reading it. There are so many layers in Waters's \\"Fingersmith\\" that it is a delightful game to try and predict what will come next --but, mind you, nobody has a creative mind as this author.
0312995423|1.0|I agree with the other reviewers who gave this a well-deserved 1 star based on factual errors, etc. But the worst part is the plot - it stumbles and bumps along, powered by coincidence after coincidence to get the character of the moment out of whatever trouble he or she is in at the moment. The only cheap plot trick Brown didn't use was to have a character wake up and realize that the problem was &quot;only a dream&quot;. This is a book deserving of being tossed out of the open window of a speeding train.
B00029LNHS|4.0|I never thought I would enjoy a Black Eyed Peas album, but after hearing &quot;Shut Up&quot;, &quot;Hey Mama&quot;, and &quot;Let's Get it Started&quot; on the radio and really liking them, I decided to buy the album.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that I like most of the tracks on the album.  In addition to the singles they've released, other songs that are great include &quot;Anxiety&quot;, which is a collaboration with Papa Roach and comes off as a great hip hop/rock song, &quot;Smells Like Funk&quot; and &quot;The Boogie that Be&quot;, which are great upbeat party songs, and &quot;Fly Away&quot; which showcases Fergie.  My one disappointment is that the album version of &quot;Hey Mama&quot; is not the same as the radio version.  While it is still good, it has a lot less Fergie vocals (the &quot;off the richter, off the richter,...&quot; lyrics are not on the album version) and the music is slightly different.  Overall though, this is a great upbeat album that will make you want to sing and dance along!
6302517036|5.0|As of this writing, there are over 105 reviews, and easily more than half of them have given this film five stars. That says a lot about this completely enjoyable, suspenseful nugget of mind candy. Roddy McDowell turns a splendid tongue-in-cheek performance as a horror movie t.v. emcee who is way beyond his prime, and is now enlisted by a couple of teens to fight real a vampire. Chris Sarandon as the vampire, Jerry, does a terrific job as a super-smug bloodsucker.<br />Much of the plot is nothing new: teens discover mayhem; adults don't believe teens; teens begin to endure in-fighting; the mayhem grows more menacing; teenage girl falls victim to mayhem; unlikely courage and heroes emerge to save the girl and the town. But that doesn't matter. The true strength of this film is its ability to draw from these conventions and make it turn and twist on themselves. And the humor that's drawn out keeps the pace lively while setting you up for more horror. This same formula worked for another relatively unknown film, &quot;Return of the Living Dead.&quot; <br />FRIGHT NIGHT will guarantee you a fun night! Give it a view!
B00005JMJ4|4.0|I happened to thoroughly enjoy this film. Sure, it is hard to find a plot when you are watching the movie, but at the end you discover what it is really about. This movie touches real emotion and is wonderfully done. Hopefully Coppola's Oscar will influence more movies like this to be made.
0060934700|4.0|I give it a nine out of ten. <br />What I liked about it:<BR>Neil Gaiman is a terrific author. The stories were mostly crisp and kept me interested. <BR>I enjoyed the change of pace between the tales.<BR>The different ideas and possible universes presented were great.<br />In order to get a ten:<BR>A couple of the stories should have been left out. They were not the same caliber as the others in the book.
B0001L3LUE|5.0|I came away with a much clearer understanding of McNamara and the Johnson administration.  I would recommend this documentary to educators as well as to anyone interested in the Vietnam conflict.  It is very much a \\"must see.\\"
1573301183|5.0|alice in chains my fav band alltime wernt grunge or metal or rock they were alice in chains haunting beautiful music that covered love addiction and everything we go through in life there will never be another alice in chains buy this dvd and see thier greatness it sounds great and being unplugged really brings out the power in many of the songs like down in a hole or angry chair this was the last time alice was all together as a band live and its 1 of the best music performances alltime any genre i miss alice in chains and the 90s and i pray stp doesnt have the same fate
B0001MDP3G|4.0|Let me start off by saying Renee Zellwegger is wonderful in this film. After watching Jerry Maguire I never expected something like this from her. The cinematography is also great, as are the other actors. I especially liked Natalie Portman's small role. There are some things that could have been done better. It seems so strange the two main characters would miss each other so much after such a short time together. It didn't seem believeable. I also hated the ending, but I suppose that couldn't be changed from the book. Overall, this is still a good movie.
B00008PX8P|5.0|This DVD is an excellent example of zeppelin at all their stages.  From purist bluesman in 1970 to bombastic rock gods in 1979, this DVD shows all sides of Zeppelin.  I find that the performances are all top rate but there is a downside.  You don't neccessarily get entire concerts.  Aside from Royal Albert Hall in 1970, all the concerts are shortened severely.  Having seen the Knebworth footage on this DVD, I was just craving for more of the 3 hour show.  The same essentially goes for the Earls Court Footage.  This DVD does though get five stars for what is contained in it.  I only wish all of Knebworth and Earls Court will some day be released
B00000IPAX|5.0|I absolutly adore this record. Its one of my all time favorites and made Blink-182 my all time favorite alongside Green Day and the Goo Goo Dolls. This whole album is catchy from start to end. Yes, these are guys in their mid 20's singing about teenage drama, but its a very fun album. I love each track, here's the rundown.    1. 'Dumpweed' - A good, fast, upbeat song about wanting a girl you can 'train'. Its really funny some of Blink's lyrics.  2. 'Don't Leave Me' - Bascially the title speaks for the song. Another upbeat, fast song.  3. 'Aliens Exist' - Everybody knows Tom is a huge alien geek, and this song is sort of a 'shot' to the Majestic-12 that aliens exist. One of my favorites.  4. 'Going Away To College' - Defiently another of my favorites. I love the chorus and the lyrics. \\"I haven't been this scared in a long time, and i'm so unprepared so heres my valentine, a boquet of clumsy words, a simple melody. This world's an ugly place, but you're so beautiful to me.\\"  5. 'What's My Age Again?' - The first single off their record. Everybody knows it. Im not saying nothing.  6. 'Dysentery Gary' - I didn't really like this song at first, but i totally love it now. Another upbeat fast song.  7. 'Adam's Song' - Third single and possibly one of my favorite all time Blink-182 song. Its the only 'slow' song on the album. Its about being tour and missing home. It was one of the first songs i've ever learnt on guitar.  8. 'All The Small Things' - This and the video propelled them to stardom. Good song.  9. 'The Party Song' - A very fast paced song. It's so fast that its too fast for Mark to sing live, so that's why they never play it. It's about some girls trying too hard.  10. 'Mutt' - Another fast song, just like the rest of the album. Its about a friend of thiers who always going out to get laid.  11. 'Wendy Clear' - This song is about wishing things werent so bad. Lyrics explains all.  12. 'Anthem' - The last track is basically like all the song on the album: Fast paced and upbeat. One of my favorite songs. I really like the lyrics for this song alot. And it's true, \\"Mom and dad posses the key (to) instant slavery\\"    Overall, one of my all time favorite albums and a break through to the pop punk genre. Each song ends in and around 3 minutes, but defiently a must buy for all pop punk fans. Most likely, everybody has got it.
B00000ADG2|4.0|Lauryns CD is pretty calming. She sings with passion her voice is beautiful. I believe this is best described as the perfect album to make love to. Mostly powerful songs about God and love once in a while she throws it down and raps a verse . what can I say shes amazing. A great CD to have in your collection, the track list is good, consistently throughout. <BR>jared
B00012QM8G|5.0|In &quot;Schindler's List&quot; you see the evolution of a man and the events of the Halocaust. Wile the story is both haunting and chilling, the style of this movuie also stands out. It is almost completely black and white, except for a few objects. There is a little girl dressed in red which will touch your heart as she strolls through the streets full of violence, completely unnoticed. The cinematography and acting are also amazing. Both Liam Neeson and Ralph Fiennes were nominated for Oscars. They both give great, but different, performances.
B000002JSP|5.0|Let's face facts people.  Zeppelin were a creative band that was constantly expanding its horizons musically.  This is why In Through the Out Door gets bashed so often.  People hate change.  They wanted Zeppelin to keep putting out material that all sounded the same.  But Zeppelin didn't want to do that.  So they released In Through The Out Door in 1979.  It was a departure from their bluesy sound into a more keyboard based sound.  This benefits most of the songs.  In the Evening is a standard powerful bombastic zeppelin song with that extra layer of keyboard which adds a whole nother dimension to things.  Excellent solo by Page.  Then comes South Bound Suarez, a song that sounds like an old timey western piano based song.  The type of song you'd expect in say a western movie.  This is soon followed by Fool In The Rain, the only song off this album still played on radio.  It swerves and goes through multiple mood swings to create a generally great feeling.  Hot Dog is next.  It is the closest thing to say old school blues you see on this album.  I find it funny to hear Plant say Texas just because it sounds so odd.  Then comes Carouselambra my only complaint.  The song is based off an extremely annoying synth riff and would've been a half decent song if it had been about 5 minutes long instead of 10.  Then you have the ballad-esque All Of My Love.  The song is excellent and is excellently played with an awesome keyboard solo by John Paul Jones who operates as essentially the lead musician throughout this whole album.  The album ends with a bluesy song called I'm Gonna Crawl.  The song features Page's arguably best solo on the album and was in my opinion a great way to end a career.  Overall, this album leaves a question in the listeners head.  What would have happened with Zeppelin had Bonham not died shortly after this albums release?  I'd personally be interested to see where their musical direction would have gone but alas this is the end of their epic career.  An excellent 5 star album is a good way to end things.  Thanks for the memories Zeppelin.
B000060MMI|5.0|This is such an amazing album. I first heard of these guys on the 'Warped Tour' record absolutly love thier blend of celtic and punk. This is such a refreshing twist. I have never heard (expect Dropkick Murphys but who i feel arent as celtic as FM) such a unique, yet simply amazing way of punk. This is cd is solid through out. My favorite tracks are:<br />1. 'Drunken Lullabies' - The title track is an amazing fast paced song, which dives right into their celtic influence. It will leaving you singing and dancing. My favorite track. Amazing lyrics.<BR>2. 'What's Left Of The Flag' - This is another stand out. It starts off acousticly, but then jumps right into the punk feel. Their first real single of this record.<BR>4. 'If I Ever Leave this World Alive' - This song is a slighty slower paced, but good as ever.<BR>5. 'The Kilburn High Road' - A fast song, with a tearing guitar solo.<BR>6. 'Rebels of the Sacred Heart' - Fast paced and brilliant.<BR>9. 'Death Valley Queen' - This song's chorus is catchy. I feel tracks 8-10 are really dark, and this i one of the darkest. <BR>11. 'The Rare Ould Times' - This is a cover song of a very old Irish song. I absolutly love the FM cover of it.<BR>12. 'The Son Never Shines (on Closed Doors) - I really like this song a lot. I just love how the album ends with such a beautiful slow song. <br />Overall, a very good sophmore album, and i can't wait for their next album which they are currently wrapping up. This album is very solid through out, and Dave King voice is full of emotion. Every song through is filled with amazing lyrics. Flogging Molly's Drunken Lullabies is sure to leave you singing and dancing with one of the best, unique bands out there.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|First off i am a big fan of Bill , But this 'movie' is just plain awful. I have never disliked a movie enough to give a 1 star review but this one pushed me to it. There is no plot i could make a better movie than this just give me a camera in a foriegn city and film people being 'real' as many people have said this actors do so well if i want to see people being 'real' and bored I will take a walk down the street theres probabably a lot of people sitting on thier front porch being bored . So im sorry if im bored with a movie about people being bored.
B00007E8V4|5.0|&quot;Steal this Album&quot; is the best of system of a down. This is my favorite band. I have two other cds from them, but this one is used for road trips only. It is my &quot;special cd&quot;
B0000DJZA5|4.0|With this, the newest version of the Beatles 1970 release, the controversy continues.  Some are celebrating &quot;Naked&quot; because it offers a stripped-down, de-Spectorized look at the notoriously unproductive &quot;Get Back Sessions.&quot;  Others villify the release because they are of the opinion that this new version of the album is McCartney's attempt at revisionism, and misrepresents the original sessions just as much as the original.  As is so often the case, the truth, I believe, lies in the center.<br />I am of the opinion that, while it is certainally more faithful to the Beatles' original approach to the album than the original 1970 release, &quot;Naked&quot; suffers because it claims to offer something that it does not provide.  You see, Let It Be...Naked, while de-Spectorized and all of that, is still a polished piece.  The original version of the album was rough, very rough in some places, reflecting the mood and nature of the sessions.  These moments have been deleted in favor of an album with significantly higher production quality and greater clarity, misrepresenting, in a big way the atmosphere of the sessions.  <br />Let It Be...Naked will never be the definitive version of the Beatles most controversial album; if anything, the Naked version is just as faithful as the original version, just in a different way.  The original version of the album remains the best jumping off point for those unfamiliar with Let It Be.
6305537321|3.0|I love Audrey Hepburn but I just never understood the appeal of this story.  The character Audrey portrays is a hooker, yet she acts like a virgin princess, and we are supposed to -- what? -- love her? sympathize with her?  Ditto Peppard.  In a way it's an earlier version of Pretty Woman -- romanticize a prostitute to the point where she is not remotely a believable prostitute, thus making prostitution kind of sort of OK and not the demeaning thing it is.  In both films, the women are seemingly motivated, not by a need to put food on the table, but by a desire for Real Money.  How is this charming?
0451191153|4.0|I'm 38 years old and just read The Fountainhead for the first time. That probably gives me a little more life experience than others who have read it, so here's my two cents.<br />The characters in this book are somewhat exaggerated, but nonetheless are very, very real, in that they have counterparts in the world we live in.  Roark is cut from the same cloth that Socrates, Jesus, Luther, Edison, Thomas Jefferson, the Wright Brothers, Steve Jobs, Sam Walton, etc., were.  They all had a burning passion for one field of human endeavor.  They held revolutionary ideas that were met with scorn by the status quo and the chronically insecure.  They struggled against overwhelming odds to see their visions become reality.  And, in the end, the proved to be benefactors of all mankind.<br />Keating, Toohey, and Wynand are all parasites to one degree or another.  Keating has no real talent, but is a master of back-stabbing and rear-end kissing.  In short, he would be a huge success on \\"Survivor.\\"  However, his lack of talent and integrity ultimately destroy his career, and his desire to please everyone but himself destroys his soul.  Anyone who has ever dealt with office politics has met a Peter Keating.  <br />Toohey cripples the very people he says he wants to \\"help.\\"  He puts them down in subtle ways and loads them with pathological guilt.  He uses people's dependence on him to hold up his faltering self esteem, so he dares not allow them to become truly whole and independent human beings.  I have met ministers, teachers, social workers and \\"advocates\\" of various causes who mirror Toohey quite nicely.  Jim Jones is a well known real world example. Tony Soprano's mother on the HBO show is a fictional type of Toohey.  The atrocious Disney movie \\"Pocohontas\\" was shot full of Tooheyisms.<br />Wynand is a pimp.  He makes money off of society's shortcomings, all the while making those shortcomings worse.  He's like the executives who produce bilge like \\"gangsta rap\\" CDs,publish rags like The Enquirer, make stars of people like Britney Spears, and create shows like Jerry Springer.<br />Roark is hated and feared by them and people like them, because they would rather cling to the trash at hand than reach up and snatch a pearl.<br />I've dealt with Keatings, Tooheys, and Wynands all my adult life.  You can find them in business meetings, on church boards, working for government agncies and participating in civic groups.  They are real, they are numerous, and they really are a threat to the progress of the human race.<br />Ms. Rand felt that the world was full of lazy idiots, and that it is kept going by the blood, sweat and tears of a handful of people with intelligence, passion and integrity.  If you read the past reviews, you'll realize she was right.  So many of them must have been written by people who didn't give the book the careful reading it deserves, if they actually read it at all.<br />If you decide to read this book, be warned now that it's no walk in the park.  I spent the first half of it thinking \\"Roark, chill, dude, it's just a damn building!\\"  It's only later that you understand how architecture is used as a metaphor for all fields of human pursuit.  Also, it is subtly revealed towards the end that Roark's real beef with historical architecture is not that it is deficient or worthless, but that nothing has been added to it since its development.  The architects of his day paid homage to the past, but did not seek to develop new and improved techniques of their own.  In this way, they were living \\"second hand\\" off the genius of others.<br />Journeying through the Fountainhead is like walking through a field of diamonds that are buried just beneath the surface.  There are innumerable treasures waiting to be found, but you must be observant and careful to find them.  Be assured, the reward is worth the effort.<br />I give the book four stars because it does have some significant flaws.  Ms. Rand exercises poor word choice.  For example she speaks of the folly of \\"living for others\\" when she really means \\"living for the approval of others.\\"  This, plus her use of words like \\"selfishness\\" versus \\"altruism\\" to describe things like self confidence versus neurotic co-dependency are major problems.  It's almost as if she wanted to blur what she was saying just enough to force the reader to think deeply about what they were reading.  Or perhaps the fact that English wasn't her first language was a hindrance - I don't know.<BR>Warning: the initial, violent love scene between Roark and Dominique is probably an extension of her own sex fantasies, which apparently had a strong sado-masochistic element.  It is detrimental to the message of the book, and is it's greatest shortcoming.  Also, she seems unneccessarily antagonistic towards religion.  There is much in the Bible, ex. the parable of the talents, as well as Jesus' admonition to not cast pearls to swine, that dovetails nicely with the book's message. I believe that she over reacted to what she saw happening in her native Soviet Union, throwing out all notions of collective effort and responsibility in favor of an absolute emphasis on the individual.<br />Nonetheless, it is extremely well written, especially in its descriptive power. Ms. Rand knew and loved New York City intimately, and that comes forth strongly.  Also, its message, if you take the time to properly understand it, is profoundly true, and applicable to the human condition as a whole.  All in all, this book is highly recommended.
0790733226|5.0|This is one of the most layered, thought provoking, dramatic, and moving films I have seen in years. On the surface, it is a great space adventure film, but look deeper, and it takes all of our wonder about the meaning of existence, and boils it down to how we learn about ourselves through our relationships...work, family, and love. See it. See it. See it.
B0002234LS|4.0|The central conceit/revelation of &quot;Secret Window&quot; isn't all that hard to guess, but the film is so well crafted (the thematic development, acting, direction, cinematography, and music is all top-notch) that you won't care.  It also helps that, while a serious effort, the film isn't full of its own importance and gets its business over with in a shade over 90 minutes.  And for those interested in such things, the extras are quite generous.  The featurettes alone clock in at over an hour when one hits the &quot;play all&quot; icon, and there's a director's commentary, too.
B0000399WI|5.0|At first the movie was boring, especially after hearing all the great reviews. Boy, was I wrong. The casting was perfect with Morgan Freeman and Tim Robbins(who also blew me away in Mystic River.)This movie is wonderful. I think Steven King wrote the story, no wonder its so good.
B00008H2LB|5.0|I have had this album for a long time. I got it right when it was released. After a year, you begin to get the slightest bit bored of it, honestly. However, it is very solid. The only songs I often listen to now are Don't Stay, sometimes somewhere I belong, Lying from you, Easier to run, faint, occasionally breaking the habit, from the inside, and numb. But at the beginning, you're gonna think it's the spit. Really, it is. At the beginning. Afterwords, you just revert back to Hybrid Theory and the several good songs on Reanimation. But yes, GET THIS ALBUM. It is truly amazing. <BR>Also, try your hardest, and I mean thumb a ride if you must, to see Linkin Park live. I saw them at the Meteora Tour, yes this album, and they were simply majestic. Nothing short of phenomenal. 10 fold better than Live in Texas, which is good. So good, I'm seein them again in two months.  <br />[...]
B000009QPK|5.0|Lets make a distinction between Slayer and all the death metal and hardcore nu metal bands out there. First of all its a fact that nu metal bands such as slipknot and all death metal bands rippoff slayers guitar riffs and drum beats. Those bands unfortunantly  fail to play as well as slayer since their musical knowledge is P I S S  poor. Secondly these slayer rip off bands can't sing to save thier life, the arrrr and devil growling vocals only serve  as  bad substitutes for their inability to hold a note with their band. Tom Araya isnt the greatest metal singer but, at least he tries to compliment and enhance  the music rather then butchering a song with off key vocals. <BR>Overall this album is very good and I would give it a  5. I thought the songs from Seasons in the Abyss and SOuth of Heaven sounded the best  Probably because they were fresh  in Slayers mind since those albums recently came out to that point. OVerall I highly recommend this album.<BR>Also I'd like to make a  comment about the references that slayer makes to  Satan and the devil in their lyrics.  Anybody who chooses to interpret that as Satanism is either a satanist or just stupid. According to Tom Araya he writes music about the uglyness, Brutality, and stupidity that goes on the this world. This is relative to whats happening in Iraq with all the beheadings and carbombings. There is evil in this world which the devil  may be a part of and slayer should be credited for singing about that reality.
B000069CWE|3.0|I am a HUGE Linkin Park fan. Nevertheless, let's cut our losses. You should get this album, but you should be disappointed. There are some GREAT songs on here, but they are outnumbered by total spit. Let me list the songs that are good.<br />2. Point of Authority remix.<BR>6. Pushing me Away remix. (Simply amazing)<BR>11. With you remix<BR>15. My december remix (better than the original)<BR>18.Cure for the itch (I don't know about you but I like this one)<BR>19. One step closer remix (very mysterious)<BR>20. Crawling remix (incredible harmony)<br />So yeah, go get it. But be disappointed at all the weak numbers.
B000148KK2|5.0|If you enjoy Krall's by now almost trademark clipped (at times almost staccato) phrasing, compressed vocal range, and unvarying timbre, you'll probably like this album as you probably like her previous ones. To my ears, her vocal stylings strip all the emotion and life out of the songs that she sings.......... BUT INSTEAD listen to Dena DeRose's &quot;Love's Holiday&quot;.....Dena DeRose is at her best and  she is as good a singer as there is. and hearkens  to the great vocalists of past years . DeRose gets inside the lyrics, and with a slight vibrato to end her phrases and a luxurious tone, she can be absolutely commanding. Her   phrasing is immaculate. Her strong piano soloing is a pleasure.     ......you will enjoy a unique jazz experience.
B00004Z459|5.0|I'm sure you'll hear all my fellow adolescent music fans absolutely raving over this album. Yes, believe them. Call it rap/metal if you must, but I place it in the genre of NEW AGE ALTERNATIVE. I'll spare you the time, just go get the album.<br />[...]
B0002234LS|4.0|I have been a fan of Johnny Depp since his days on &quot;21 Jumpstreet&quot; and so my review may be a bit biased.  I mean, the man could've spent the entire movie lying on his couch and I still would've given the film a 3-star rating.  Okay, I'm not that obsessed...*laugh<br />Some have complained that the film started out a bit slow but I disagree.  I believe the beginning actually helped build up to the plot and Johnny Depp did an excellent job of carrying his solo scenes.<br />John Turtorro was excellent as the villain, Shooter.  Very creepy!<br />Excellent ending, also.  If you have any doubts about purchasing the movie, my suggestion is that you first rent it.  You won't be disappointed.
B000060P79|5.0|Guys, don't listen to the spit these negative folks are breathing. This band simply rocks. Don't call them pop, don't call them PUNK, (no way in hell, I listen to Rancid) don't call them metal. Call them new age alternative. Put them on stage with Linkin Park, hoobastank, Story of the year, etc. They kick. I love this album so much. Every song just rocks. Their vocalist is quite good too. I would place this album next to the acclaimed Hybrid Theory. If you like listening to alternative music, then you will love this album. <br />[...]
B00003CXXI|5.0|I just LOVE that movie (also Shrek2)! The animation is hillarious, the characters are so real, each detail of the environment, character and mood is precise. Also it's very very funny. I can watch that movie ten times in a row.
B0001LJC2K|5.0|I've been a fan of Radiohead since Pablo Honey...and they're still my favorite band to date.  Nothing can compare to the genius of Radiohead...the depth and meaning in their music.  Granted, Muse frontman, Bellamy, shares similiar vocal characteristics to that of Thom Yorke.  However, they still differ on a completely different levels...comparable only by similiar tone.  Bellamy's feelings are vocalized different than that of Yorke's...it's quite obvious.  Also, Yorke is more experienced, defined, and clearly more eclectic with respect to the wide variety of songs he's done.  To me Muse is similiar to Radiohead but, a band whose earned their status on their own...and proven themselves worthy of that respect.  With Muse's Showbiz and the song, Sunburn...I began to see that they are, in their own right, a very gifted and amazing band.  Again, they're nothing in comparison to Radiohead but...Hey! Who is?  This album, Absolution, is amazing from beginning to end.  I mean, Stockholm Syndrome...wow...what a hard hitting song.  And my personal favorite...(which sets Muse aside from anyone else)...is Butterflies and Hurricanes...what a work of genius.  It had the classical piano overtones...with a simply anger/saddness/happiness...swirl of emotions throughout.  Unbelivable.  In fact the whole album is engineered beautifully...with a mix of ups and downs.  Every song is great...If you dont' have this album...and you like Alternative music at all...pick it up now.  You will not regret it.
0375758992|2.0|Strange that a book centered around Africa, and so rich at times with descriptive passages, should leave me feeling so left out.  The book really jumps when the narration concerns itself with the others around the Fullers, both white and black.  However, the prose is overwritten when focusing in the family and self, and I never felt the narrator was more interesting than the landscape.
B000063DFS|5.0|No More Tears(1991). Ozzy Osbourne's Ninth Album.<br />Around the time Grunge was ruling the charts with Nirvana's Nevermind and Pearl Jam's Ten, seemingly Washed-up Metal God Ozzy Osbourne broke on to the scene, releasing No More Tears, often regarded as one of his best albums, commercially and critically. After the single &quot;Mama I'm Coming Home&quot; claimed the #21 spot on the Billboard Top 40(Ozzy's only Top 40 hit!), No More Tears soon after rode up the charts, claiming a Top 10 spot, reaching #7, and soon after No More Tears was certified Platinum. Ozzy even earned a Grammy for &quot;Best Metal Performance&quot; for the song &quot;I Don't Want To Change The World&quot;, and it is the only Grammy he ever received!To this day, the songs &quot;No More Tears&quot;, &quot;Mama I'm Coming Home&quot;, and &quot;I Don't Want To Change The World&quot; receive radio airplay quite often! Teaming up with Lemmy Kilstener of Motorhead, who wrote 4 of No More Tears tracks, future Alice In Chains Bassist Mike Inez, and the Rightful Heir To Randy Rhoads Throne, Zakk Wylde, No More Tears stands as one of Ozzy's strongest albums, and you can read on to find out why!<br />Track Reviews-<br />Mr. Tinkertrain- A song about child abuse, this stands as one of Ozzy's darkest! This songs starts off eerily, with a Music Box playing behind kid's shouts, but soon after Wylde's guitar sweeps in, and Ozzy's sarcastic vocals take center-stage. Wylde and Ozzy are in top-form here, and this is one of No More Tears best songs. The intermission is to die for here!<br />I Don't Want To Change The World- Wylde's sludgy riff defines the song, with Ozzy's searing vocals behind it making a perfect relationship. Wylde's bluesy solo is one of his best here! Straight-Up Metal Rocker!<br />Mama I'm Coming Home- Ozzy's best ballad! The soulful Acoustic Guitar behind Ozzy's soulsearching vocals  work really well, and you feel compelled to pull out your lighter for this one. The chorus, although a little gospel-y, is one of Ozzy's most memorable!<br />Desire- Desire is a Heavy Metal rocker in the vein of Alice in Chains, with Wylde's riff slowly building up to Ozzy's vocals, which truly shine in the chorus, where he mixes his voice with Wylde's guitar perfectly. The Alarm Siren and the Demonic Laugh really add to this song, and build up to the wicked solo!<br />No More Tears- One of my favorite songs, clocking in at over 7 minutes this is truly the album's highlight. Inez's Bass Line and a slow Synth Line start us off, but soon after Ozzy's sarcastic vocals tell the story of Serial Murder like only he can. Wylde is in top-form here, and some of his best work is on this song. GREAT INTERMISSION!<br />Sin- Don't be fooled by the bluesy solo at the beginning, this is one of No More Tears hardest! A Lightning fast riff from Wylde and equally fast vocals from Ozzy only simmer down in the chorus, a melodic interlude to very Hard Rock!<br />Hellraiser- Hard Rock at it's finest, Hellraiser is surprisingly slow(As the title might not have suggested), mainly focusing on the chorus, which is sung very soulfully from Ozzy! Wylde is still in top-form here though!<br />Time After Time- Another slow song, Time After Time reminds us all of Sweet Memories from Long Ago.. Ozzy's vocals are top-notch here, and he sings with an unmistakable flair only he can have. Wylde's heart-piercing guitar riff only adds to Time After Time's depth.<br />Zombie Stomp- Builds up slowly, with a slow bass line from Inez eventually giving way to Ozzy's vocals, which steal the show, but nonetheless Wylde is in top-form. Ironically this sounds a little like White Zombie, and that's a good thing!<br />A.V.H.- Starts off with an Off-Tune guitar, but Wylde's guitar swoops in, giving way to Ozzy's vocals, that are at times dark and light! Heavy Metal at it's best, AVH is a Hard Rocker mixed with a Ballad!<br />Road To Nowhere- Wylde's heart-wringing riff and Ozzy's beautiful vocals make this one of the strongest tracks, and a close second to &quot;Mama I'm Coming Home&quot; for the best ballad! Great!<br />Extra Tracks-<br />Don't Blame Me(B-Side to the &quot;Mama I'm Coming Home&quot; single)- Don't Skip this track! One of the catchiest songs, you might find yourself humming right along with Ozzy to the chorus! Almost sounds like &quot;I Don't Know&quot;, and that's a good thing!<br />Party With The Animals(Featured on the Buffy The Vampire Slayer Soundtrack)- Once again, don't skip this song! One of my personal favorites, Wylde's riff and Ozzy's vocals will have you banging your head away! Metal at it's best, Party With The Animals ends No More Tears the perfect way! The chorus is great!<br />Overall, No More Tears deserves 5 Stars all the ways, and I found NOT ONE WEAK Track! The Bonus Tracks only add to this little gem, and along with Diary and Blizzard, this is one of Ozzy's best! NOT TO BE MISSED!<br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! FANS OF ROCK, METAL, GRUNGE, AND PEOPLE GETTING INTO OZZY SHOULD DEFINITELY PICK UP NO MORE TEARS, AND I HIGHLY DOUBT YOU'LL BE DISAPPOINTED! OZZY'S LAST GREAT EFFORT!<br />Also Recommended-<br />Dirt- Alice In Chains<br />Blizzard of Ozz- Ozzy Osbourne<br />Holy Diver- Dio<br />Thanks For Reading!ngest tracks, and a close second to &quot;Mama I'm Coming Home&quot; for the best ballad! Great!<br />Extra Tracks-<br />Don't Blame Me(B-Side to the &quot;Mama I'm Coming Home&quot; single)- Don't Skip this track! One of the catchiest songs, you might find yourself humming right along with Ozzy to the chorus! Almost sounds like &quot;I Don't Know&quot;, and that's a good thing! <br />Party With The Animals(Featured on the Buffy The Vampire Slayer Soundtrack)- Once again, don't skip this song! One of my personal favorites, Wylde's riff and Ozzy's vocals will have you banging your head away! Metal at it's best, Party With The Animals ends No More Tears the perfect way! The chorus is great!<br />Overall, No More Tears deserves 5 Stars all the ways, and I found NOT ONE WEAK Track! The Bonus Tracks only add to this little gem, and along with Diary and Blizzard, this is one of Ozzy's best! NOT TO BE MISSED! <br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! FANS OF ROCK, METAL, GRUNGE, AND PEOPLE GETTING INTO OZZY SHOULD DEFINITELY PICK UP NO MORE TEARS, AND I HIGHLY DOUBT YOU'LL BE DISAPPOINTED! OZZY'S LAST GREAT EFFORT! <br />Also Recommended-<br />Dirt- Alice In Chains<BR>Blizzard of Ozz- Ozzy Osbourne<BR>Holy Diver- Dio <br />Thanks For Reading!
B000063DFQ|5.0|Every song on this album is awesome so I'll just give them all 10/10.<BR>Where Eagles dare kicks off with awesome drumming, the second best on the album.Revelations defines the overall sound on this album. Flight of Icarus in my opinion is second best on POM.<BR>Die with your On is a wierd ass song about the apocalypse except its awesome. The trooper is the most popular from the album.<BR>Still Life is out of control and crazy about the fear of drowning but is up in the best. Quest for Fire is the most underrated song until &quot;No Prayer&quot;.Sun and Steel is written about some Samurai who wrote a book.<br />.... But out of all these songs none can touch the closing song which I believe slaughters Rime of the Aincient Mariner on Powerslave.<BR>To Tame A Land is based on the greatest Sci-Fi book ever, Dune by Frank Herbert.The song starts off with a melodic guitar which breaks into a heavy section and you get to hear a worm-rider if you know what that is at all. The first part of lyrics describe the set of Dune, the desert world of Arrakis while part 2 refers to the plot more. Then it breaks into the best drums I've heard since Neil Peart of Rush.It becomes a legendary solo and the track fades out.<BR>Overall Maiden gives 110% on this album, unlike Metallica and Linkin PArk.
B000002H6C|5.0|...And Justice For All(1988). Metallica's Fourth Album, and the First to Feature Jason Newsted on Bass.<br />After the death of long-time bassist Cliff Burton, Metallica was considering calling it a day and going their seperate ways, but luckily they stayed together, and recorded what today would be known as ...And Justice For All. It was Metallica's most complex, exploring the apocalyptic lyrical portrait of a society in decay, and it further deepened Metallica's skill for progressive compositions, with dense webs of guitar showmanship and harmonized leads. In turn, ...And Justice For All is Metallica's most realized album, where their technical mastery was pushed to the brink, with Lar's strongest drumming this side of Master Of Puppets, Hetfield's most inspired vocals and lyrics of his career, and Hammett's guitar mastery, which he never equalled from this album. Upon its release in 1988, ...And Justice For All, backed up by Metallica's ever-growing fanbase(Which would explode upon the release of The Black Album), pushed ...And Justice For All to #6 on the Billboard Charts, unthinkable for Metallica at the time. By 1989, the single &quot;One&quot; and the resulting video were in heavy rotation on MTV, and that thrusted &quot;One&quot;, one of the most unlikely singles ever, to #35 on Billboard Charts, and Metallica's fans grew by the truckloads. Their last true Thrash album, ...And Justice For All stands as a masterpiece, unparalleled today as Metal's Greatest Album(To Me), and second only to Rush's Moving Pictures as the Best Album Ever. Read on to find out why this is a masterpiece.<br />Track Ratings-<br />Blackened- &quot;Blackened&quot; tells the story of the destruction of nature, and it's pure Thrash Metal at its best. From start to finish, Hammett and Lars shell out masterful playing, creating a beat that screams &quot;Death&quot;, almost as the song would leave you to believe. Hetfield's vocals are top-notch, and the chorus is classic! The musical interlude is pure heaven, and &quot;Blackened&quot; stands as one of the album's best!<br />...And Justice For All- A 9-Minute Opus, Metallica never got more progressive than this. The sweet rythm guitar playing entertwined with Hammett's sultry guitar riff create an amazing affect, and Lars truly shows he's a masterful drummer. Great musicianship throughout, and some of the best instrument playing you'll ever hear. Creepy vocals by Hetfield, and a Thrash-y chorus.<br />Eye of the Beholder- Pure Heavy Metal at its best! Hammett's doomy riff, along with Hetfield's pounding and sneering vocals, portray a sense of doom throughout. Great lyrics and a killer chorus too, along with 2 SOLOS by Hammett!<br />One- There can only be one, and &quot;One&quot; is it. Metallica's best song, &quot;One&quot; is a chore to describe. A heartpiercing ballad about a wounded soldier who wishes to die, &quot;One&quot; is truly a tear-jerker. It starts off with Machine Gun fire, but soon reverts to a slightly medieval rythm guitar riff, a beautiful sound echoing to minstrels of yore. Entertwined with Hetfield's vocals, probably his best ever, their sung with a vigor not heard anywhere else. Towards the end, the song takes a dark turn, with Hetfield screaming bloody murder, wishing of his own death. Combined with Hammett's incredible riff, this makes for a very convincing song. Incredible musicianship, and Metallica is at their peak here. Amazing solo!<br />The Shortest Straw- A Thrash Classic! Hammett's riff echoes of Master of Puppet's, and Hetfield's vocals come out as fast as Hammett's riff, making for some very fast Heavy Metal. Great chorus, and a solo that makes me think of Randy Rhoads. Bliss!<br />Harvester Of Sorrow- One of the album's hardest, Harvester of Sorrow combines the skills of Hammett and Ulrich to create a sinister beat, along with Hetfield's vocals and lyrics giving the listener a sense of impending death. Great song about the Grim Reaper! REALLY AWESOME CHORUS!<br />The Frayed Ends Of Sanity- One of the album's darkest songs, this song starts off with a (slightly) evil sounding noise(hard to describe) along with Hammett's guitar riff, but then Hetfield's vocals take over, singing about slowly going insane. Great chorus, and truly a Thrash masterpiece.<br />To Live Is To Die- Almost the best song, To Live Is To Die is Metallica's best instrumental, encompassing the beautiful &quot;Call of the Ktulu&quot; and &quot;Orion&quot;. Starts off with a medieval sounding acoustic guitar(Like &quot;One&quot;), but soon Hammett steals the show with his menacing riff. Lars and Hammett stretch their artistic prowess to the brink here, and you get 9 Minutes of pure bliss listening to them thrash it out. Beautiful!<br />Dyer's Eve- A Perfect ending to the album. Dyer's Eve is a song that speaks to anyone with overprotective parents. A REALLY Fast song, Dyer's Eve explodes out of the speakers with Hammett and Lar's feverpitch instrument playing, and Hetfield's vocals match them easily! A THRASH CLASSIC, and one of the best songs!PERFECT END~!<br />Overall, ...And Justice For All is a modern classic, and worthy of the throne of the Best Metal Album Ever! Although people complain about the production, do not listen to them! You may not be able to hear the bass well, but what really matters(Drumming and Lead Guitar), are as pronounced as can be, and Hetfield's vocals are his best ever!<br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! EVERYBODY (Even You!) SHOULD OWN THIS ALBUM, AND YOUR NEIGHBOR TOO! IT'S NOT AS DARK AS I MIGHT MAKE IT SOUND, TRUST ME! PURE BLISS FROM START TO FINISH!<br />Also Recommended-<br />Master of Puppets- Metallica<br />Appetite For Destruction- Guns N Roses<br />Rust In Peace- Megadeth<br />Thanks For Reading!Frayed Ends Of Sanity- One of the album's darkest songs, this song starts off with a (slightly) evil sounding noise(hard to describe) along with Hammett's guitar riff, but then Hetfield's vocals take over, singing about slowly going insane. Great chorus, and truly a Thrash masterpiece.<br />To Live Is To Die- Almost the best song, To Live Is To Die is Metallica's best instrumental, encompassing the beautiful &quot;Call of the Ktulu&quot; and &quot;Orion&quot;. Starts off with a medieval sounding acoustic guitar(Like &quot;One&quot;), but soon Hammett steals the show with his menacing riff. Lars and Hammett stretch their artistic prowess to the brink here, and you get 9 Minutes of pure bliss listening to them thrash it out. Beautiful!<br />Dyer's Eve- A Perfect ending to the album. Dyer's Eve is a song that speaks to anyone with overprotective parents. A REALLY Fast song, Dyer's Eve explodes out of the speakers with Hammett and Lar's feverpitch instrument playing, and Hetfield's vocals match them easily! A THRASH CLASSIC, and one of the best songs!PERFECT END~!<br />Overall, ...And Justice For All is a modern classic, and worthy of the throne of the Best Metal Album Ever! Although people complain about the production, do not listen to them! You may not be able to hear the bass well, but what really matters(Drumming and Lead Guitar), are as pronounced as can be, and Hetfield's vocals are his best ever!<br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! EVERYBODY (Even You!) SHOULD OWN THIS ALBUM, AND YOUR NEIGHBOR TOO! IT'S NOT AS DARK AS I MIGHT MAKE IT SOUND, TRUST ME! PURE BLISS FROM START TO FINISH!<br />Also Recommended-<br />Master of Puppets- Metallica<BR>Appetite For Destruction- Guns N Roses<BR>Rust In Peace- Megadeth<br />Thanks For Reading!
B0001BKAEY|1.0|The first real problem with this movie is... If this is supposed to be a continuation and the final chapter, they should have possed all questions in Reloaded to set up Revolutions properly. Because they start the movie out with more questions on top of the already lingering questions left over from the first half. <br /> The stage should've been set before revolutions not during. We could've been marveling at the BIGGEST ACTION BLOWOUT in movie history, as the Matrix is being sieged by badass zion hacker gangs locking horns with agent programs and a counter attack led by invading squid forces on Zion. Back and forth like a heavyweight title bout. <BR>Answers to the questions posed in reloaded would be coming one after another. Culminating with a  WINNER TAKE ALL final quarter between Neo vs Smith,clashing As skyscrapers are destroyed by their shockwaves. But the movie is never positioned right. <br />The original matrix followed the blueprint, SET THE STAGE AND THAN UNLEASH HELL. But they got caught up in the philosophy thing, and it got out of hand, boring over from Reloaded and turning this movie(the second half)into THE LAST SUPPER. Let the truth be known now, the original movie was not that philisophical. Sure it had some philosophy sprinkled in it, but not to the point where you felt as if you were in sunday school. They missed their mark in this 2 part story and bypassed every opportunity to create an action thriller worthy of the title, MATRIX
0156027321|4.0|My main criticism of this book is that you get information about his post-castaway life at the beginning of the book, before you relive his ordeal with him. I went back and read the first 80 pages of the book after I finished reading it the first time and I wished that the information contained in those first pages had been at the end.  Would've been a more satisfying ending than it was a beginning.
B0001DI0FI|4.0|I wasn't sure I was going to like this movie when I was thinking about seeing it in the theatre. To be honest it was the title.Master, of what? My first thought was that he was a slave driver or some kind of insane tyrant. <br />But sadly to say the joke was on me or was it. Because there is nothing like a surprise when you don't expect to get lucky. This is real entertainment with a real story. <BR>Not like the convoluted mess we see so often these days. It is simple yet complex. The players are all well recognized,and you learn things about the small world they live in.<BR>Russell Crowe is great at the part  And I appreciate his relationship with the doctor.
B000001F3C|5.0|Listening to \\"War\\" today is listening to band finding it's voice and identity, maturing and tackling deeper, edgier issues through their music. It's also surprising to realize just how stripped down and raw this material sounds compared to what the band recorded in the 90's when they began experimenting with various different flavors. Their previous album, \\"October,\\" had been a more harmonious type of work with an almost religious fervor (some call U2 the greatest Christian band ever). \\"War\\" is a cry of ideas and frustrations with issues of the day, especially in Ireland (in fact, many of those issues are still burning red hot in the band's native country). And yet, the album transcends the 80's because U2 was talking about war in general and obviously today in 2004 war is a hot topic. The sound of the album is focused and passionate. Bono's words and vocals sound like someone trying to make an expression instead of just trying to sing a tune. The Edge's guitars glide and fly through-out the album, creating an intricate wall of melody. Larry Mullen Jr.'s drumming is sporadic and skillfull and stands out especially in \\"Sunday Bloody Sunday,\\" a classic U2 anthem that still sounds full of urgency. \\"Seconds\\" is catchy and has entertaining word play in the lyrics. One of the stand out tracks remains \\"New Year's Day,\\" an almost epic venture with an atmospheric piano, soaring vocals and a great rock vibe that makes it timeless. \\"Like A Song\\" is full of emotion and raw energy. Obviously some of the material sounds very much from the 80's, \\"Two Hearts Beat As One,\\" written during Bono's honeymoon, sounds like it couldn't come from any other decade. The closing track, \\"40,\\" is a wonderfully passive moment with lyrics taken from the Pslams. \\"War\\" still sounds good because it's performed by a band that really had and still has things to say. U2 are truly classic because what they play and sing about not only never goes out of style, but mostly touches our hearts and while mostnew artists like to rap and scream about sex, drugs and thongs (of course some bands like the Rolling Stones and Led Zeppelin knew how to touch upon those subjects and still produce real rock n' roll), U2's songs are about things we DO care about.
B0001HAHXW|5.0|Let's face it. Eric Clapton had the guts to do what many other blues artists wanted to do, but were too afraid to do.  Did anyone think of the possibility that he did this in part to get the name Robert Johnson out there among more young fans.  I knew him well before this release and had a cd of his, but unfortunately many grown ups don't know who he is and by doing this project, Mr. Clapton was perhaps hoping more people would take a listen to the true KING of the Delta Blues.  The album's highlights are Come on in my kitchen, Last Fair Deal Gone Down, and Hell Hound on My Tail.  Clapton's use of both electric and acoustic dobro, are extremely potent for the song he used each on.  Clapton did this as a tribute not to try and better Robert Johnson's versions but some morons can't figure that out!!
B00006JKOL|5.0|This is the first time I write a review although I have been an amazon customer for over 4 years. I felt I was compelled to write commenting on what a music fan called Ouch. <br />This is the first Jethro Tull album I ever listened to and that was back in 1975. I agree that at first listening to it is quite difficult and it is not easy to grasp the whole essence of Jethro Tull and their genius. However after several listenings I broke the barrier witht he album and it opened for me a door into a magnificent new listening expeience.<br />I have since enjoyed Jethro Tull albums one after the other and the way their music progressed.<br />Free your mind, decide for yourself and open a world of music enjoyment and listening excellence.
0385504209|3.0|I am a Catholic. I love conspiracies. Who doesn't? It is great to let one's imagination fly and think that nothing is as it seems. But until all facts are known, conspiracy theories are no different than gossip. This book certainly has lit a spark on me to start researching more into the historical facts sorrounding the Grail. It is always a good thing when books, films, albums, lead into the need for more knowledge in any given topic.<br />Before reading this book I knew a bit about the Grail, Templars, Mary Magdalene, etc. It was a surprise that Rennes le Chateau, one of the key locations surrounding this mystery, was not even mentioned. The only reference is the name Jacques Sauniere, probably in honor of Berenger Sauniere parish priest of Rennes le Chateau who died in 1917.<br />I enjoyed the way Dan Brown used this crime fiction story to expose the grail theories to the masses. He uses a clever way to weave &quot;facts&quot; and his own opinions into the story. I agree with Mr Brown in many of his views. One of them being that the Catholic Church fabricated out of thin air the vow of celibacy and supressed any type of power or involvement of women in the Church.<br />The portrait of Opus Dei was probably a bit exagerated for shock value. The whole corporal punishment thing seems extreme. But what I know from first hand experience (I personally know many Opus Dei members) is that people who belong to Opus Dei are fundamentalists and are some of the most close-minded and stubborn individuals I've met.<br />The cons of this book is are that the plot is too hollywood-esque for my taste and the characters are all cliches as some reviewers have also pointed out. It is still a worthwhile read.<br />I don't doubt that the Catholic Church has done some re-writting of history (a la Orwell's 1984) for their own benefit. As many empires and governments have done too.<br />Jesus was the most influential person in all history, who else has partitioned time to make our dates after and before themselves?. His teachings inspired a whole new way of thinking, his message is one of peace, good deeds, love, forgiveness. Personally I think it wouldn't make a difference if he was married and had kids.<br />I guess everyone agrees that history doesn't have precise answers to everything you can only get aproximations of what actually happened by reading as many sources as possible. Everyone should pick up a few books on the Templars, art history and the Bible after reading the Da Vinci Code. I will try to do it.<br />If you read the Da Vinci Code, do it with an open mind and as another reviewer suggested do not take it as gospel.after and before themselves?. His teachings inspired a whole new way of thinking, his message is one of peace, good deeds, love, forgiveness. Personally I think it wouldn't make a difference if he was married and had kids.<br />I guess everyone agrees that history doesn't have precise answers to everything you can only get aproximations of what actually happened by reading as many sources as possible. Everyone should pick up a few books on the Templars, art history and the Bible after reading the Da Vinci Code. I will try to do it.<br />If you read the Da Vinci Code, do it with an open mind and as another reviewer suggested do not take it as gospel.
B00005JL78|2.0|I may be in the minority, but Minority Report is awful. Tom Cruise shines in actual human dramas like Jerry McGuire or Rainman, but this futuristic garbage, this futurramma cop is just a showcase of movie technology without a heart. Vanilla Sky had the same problem.  Why should I care about these characters that are so zippy futuristic?  Spielberg cannot get science fiction right unless it's for children.  His best movie required no computer gyration, Shindler's List, but then again, that movie had a script. I was asleep by the time they put this morph in the water.
B00006CXSS|5.0|Before viewing the DVD I read Stephen Ambrose's book Band of Brothers. The DVD holds very true to book and Steven Speilberg and Tom Hanks did a lot of reaserching with the veterans. Band of Brothers is consistent throughout. It covers everything from the vigorous training to Hitler's Eagle's Nest. I am a huge fan of World War II films, especially those about western Europe. Compared to Saving Private Ryan, it is not as graphic, but it is still relastic. What Band of Brothers has that Private Ryan doesn't is character development and top notch acting. You grow to love the characters and it really hurts you when you see one of them die.<br />If you are a World War II buff and you're willing to spend the 90 bucks, I strongly suggest putting this one in your collection. Also, read the book by Stephen E. Ambrose.
B000148KK2|1.0|First of all I am a huge Diana Krall fan. Her &quot;Live in Paris&quot; album is on my top ten list. But something has gone terribly wrong with her new album, &quot;Girl in the other room&quot;.  I read some of the negitive reviews and thought &quot;it can't be that bad&quot;. Well sorry to say, it is. Many people suggest she is looking for a new path. Other people think she is getting bad advice from her new husband, Elvis Costello. Whatever has happened is not good. Diana is an incredible singer and an incredible musician. I hope she is in just in a  &quot;slump&quot;...and we get the real Diana Krall back soon.
B0002234LS|5.0|This movie is good, johnny depp is prefect in it. without him i doubt iw would like this movie so much. its not predictable at all which i like. Stephen king is awesome. Go king!
B000002JR8|5.0|Far Beyond Driven is the perfect follow up to Vulgar Display Of Power. This album was much more on the aggressive, and heavier side of Pantera while Vulgar Display Of Power was the album that had pantera perfect there sound and musicianship. Vulgar Display Of Power is known as pantera's finest hour and the best record that they made selling nearly 2 million records. Many fans of pantera were not sure if pantera could make another record that could match up to Vulgar's success, and intensity. Far Beyond Driven matched Vulgar Display Of Power's success, intensity, and more. With such ear shattering songs as \\"5 Minutes Alone\\", \\"I'm Broken\\", \\"Shedding Skin\\", \\"Slaughtered\\", and \\"Thornes Of Rejection\\" this album definately matches up to Vulgar Display Of Power. If you don't have this album in your cd collection. Get off your lazy butt, get some money and go out and get Pantera's Far Beyond Driven. You will not be dissappointed with this masterpiece.
B0002234LS|5.0|This movie is very good. Johnny depp is great in it. without him i doubt i would like this movie so much. Stephen king is awesome. so all i have to say is buy this DVD.
B0000DD7LB|5.0|OMG I JUST HEARD BREAKING NEWS. BRITNEYS HAVING A BABY WITH HER BOYFRIEND KEVIN. AND NOW SHES QUITTING HER CAREER TO BE A FULL TIME HOUSEWIFE. THATS JUST HEARTBREAKING. THE MUSIC WORLD WOULDNT BE THE SAME WITHOUT BRITNEY. SHES THE QUEEN OF POP RIGHT NOW AND SHE DOESNT NEED TO QUIT HER JOB. IF SHE DOES WHOS GONNA BE THE QUEEN OF POP?? YAH THOUGH SO. SHES ALSO GONNA MARRY HIM BEFORE THE BABY IS DUE BUT I DONT THINK SHE REALLY LOVES HIM. SHE NEEDS TO HIRE A BABYSITTER OR GET AN ABORTION. BUT SHE SHOULDNT QUIT HER MUSIC CAREER THAT SHE LOVES.
B00006AW2G|5.0|&quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; is, quite simply, the closest rock 'n' roll has ever come to perfection in a single song.
B00005JMCN|5.0|Having read about Seabiscuit and having been a racing fan for a number of years, I thouroughly enjoyed this movie.  I especially thought that Gary Stevens did a wonderful acting job.  The racing scenes were quite realistic and the special effects were wonderful.  I also liked the bonus features as they gave the viewer an even better idea of what racing was really like.  The scenes out at the farm were beautiful and the soundtrack delightful.<br />If you haven't read the book, this is one of the few cases where I think it might be a better idea to see the movie and then read the book.  The book is a bit more detailed and throws the reader into the era better than the movie.<br />This story is a bit of a fairy tale but back in the 20's and 30's, the world of racing was not like it is today.  Jockeys had it really hard and some of that is lost in the translation to the screen.  Even today, a jockey's life is not easy and I recommend viewing the documentary &quot;Jockey&quot; as a follow up to this to all interested parties.<br />My few complaints about &quot;Seabiscuit&quot; are as follows:  I happened to see a scene at Santa Anita and lo and behold caught a glimpse of the statue of Seabiscuit that is really there today and wasn't when this movie takes place!  I guess the average viewer wouldn't know that but it did insult the intelligence of the true fan!<br />Secondly, jockey's didn't ride in the same position back then as they do today.  Today, the stirrups are so short as the jockey appears to sit on his heels.  Back then, knees weren't bent as far, they rode more like a cowboy then a jockey.  This should've been corrected as we all know that Gary Stevens could probably ride a horse in any position and do it well!<br />Thirdly, I didn't feel like it was in the 30's.  The Sting did a much better job of giving that aura.  This movie did not.<br />All in all, I did love it!
B00000JG41|5.0|&quot;California&quot; is more refined than the bands previous two efforts, &quot;Mister Bungle&quot; and &quot;Disco Volante&quot;.  Strangely upbeat at times, terrifyingly dark at others, &quot;California&quot; is a masterpiece, and one of the most underrated albums of the past decade.  Patton invokes everything from the Beach Boys to Lou Reed, and the only downfall of this gem is it's relatively short running time.<br />Buy this album.  You won't be sorry.
B00020HEG6|5.0|This is the most interesting of the Harry Potter scores so far as far as I am concerned. It would not be as significant if I was not also a fan of the first two scores as well as the books and movies, but considering that what we have here is a seven part series that is still in the making, those of us curious where this narrative is going must be interested in all the signs. The scores progressively continue elements (Hedwig's theme) and add new ones. How Wagnerian! Again we can tell precisely where in the movie the music fits. I especially like the sudden change as the magic bus waits for the old lady crossing the street. The musical themes tell the story and Williams has a wonderful way of using the music to stimulate precisely the emotion necessary to accentuate the course of the narrative. This is all very interesting since cinema strikes me as the art form of our age. It uses all of the elements feasible to accomplish the catharsis so important to community. With Prisoner the score reflects the older score elements with new directions and the intrigue builds. Since the book offers so much more depth than the movie, the music is what keeps the movie from being just a pitiful reminder of the book. The music makes up for much that is missing in the movie by communicating the right emotion at the right time. I look forward to four more scores on these themes.
0380789019|4.0|From author Neil Gaimen (Sandman, Good Omens) come this enchanting novel about a world underneath London where magic and violence reigns. The novel's hero, Richard Mayhew, is a simple man with a simple life until one day he sees a bleeding girl lying in an alley. The choice he makes to help the girl opens a whole new world to him. The very next day, Richard's life, as he knows it, has drastically changed. No one seems to know who he is. All records of his life have disappeared. His only hope is to find the girl (called Door) again and see if she can offer any explanations on why his world has turned upside down. His search for the girl leads him to a whole underground world beneath modern London where nothing is at it seems.<br />This novel was much better than I anticipated. Full of action and a great storyline, Neverwhere will stretch your imagination to its fullest. Great characters round out this superb story of love, vengeance, magic and escapism.
0375713751|5.0|This book made me laugh out loud and cry real tears because I actually saw myself now and ten years from now.  I have already bought the book for two friends and am now buying it for two more.  I actually found the energy to read this book after putting my year old twins to bed at night.  Great Job!
B00005QY5Y|5.0|i never thought i could love a cd so much in all my life. his music is creative, sexy, honest, thoughtful, unique...this is an excellent cd and even better than his first solo work. out of all of his solo albums (heartbreaker, gold, demolition, rock and roll and love is hell parts 1 & 2) i rate this as the best. those who have heard the corrs' cheap rip off of 'where the stars go blue' will be surprised to hear the original version written by ryan adams. he shines on tracks 1, 4, 5, and 7. track 8 is the longest and best on the entire cd because it contains so many moods and styles. his creativity is astounding.
B00003CY0V|1.0|I'd have built a time machine to stop this movie from ever having been made, which would have created a paradox destroying the entire cosmos, but it's a universe better off for not having this movie in it. <br />As many critics have noted, with Travolta's opening lines, \\"You know what the problem with Hollywood is? It makes $#!*\\" truer words were never spoken. Rotten villains -- okay. Utterly incompetent villains -- eh. \\"Realistic\\" depictions of programming a worm include nonsense technobabble while Hugh Jackman -- a better actor than this movie deserves -- gyrates his hips in front of a computerized Rubik's cube.<br />It tries to be both Sneakers and The Usual Suspects and ends up worse than Hackers. Don't rent this film, much less buy it.
B000002LMK|5.0|This is by far Neil's best album, with or without Crazy Horse. The lyrics are typically inane, but who cares when the guitars rock this hard? \\"Country Home\\" has Neil's best soloing since \\"Like A Hurricane.\\" His tone is amazing, and this record spawned numerous copycat efforts in the 90s.
B00026W82U|4.0|Okay, let us get real people, the only similiarities between Simon and Garfunkle and the Kings of Convenience are that they both use acoustic guitars and sing in triads.  Honestly, that's about it.  Moving on to the album...it's good, quite good in fact.  That's all I have to say, and it should be enough considering the fact that this comment came from me, a rather fickle pickle.
6305907145|2.0|This was not my favorite Austen book.  Fanny Price is a<br />pretty dull, overly moralistic character.  The movie jazzes up<br />up this little family scene with issues like the dubious<br />origins of the family fortune but takes away from Austen's<br />story.
B00005JMEW|5.0|Besides Lord of the Rings: Return of the King this was by far my favorite movie last year.  It is ultra violent so if your not into that see something else.  This movie is about revenge.  Uma Thurman is a Assassin who desides to desert the group.  She is them ambushed by the other members of the group at her wedding and is put into a coma for four years.  When she wakes up she wants payback.  <BR>  The fight scenes are incredible and bloody as hell.  In fact it is so bloody that you almost want to laugh.  The acting is great.  The music is perfect and the story is very original.  <BR>  By the way it is a two part movie so when you get to the end don't be suprised when it stops in a weird spot.  <BR>  If you like the movie, this director has made other great films like Pulp Fiction, Resevoir Dogs, Jackie Brown and has written Natural Born Killers and True Romance.  Don't be fooled by the name True Romance because it is an action movie.
B000089CJI|3.0|I'm a big Death Cab for Cutie fan (along with a lot of other indie-rock bands), and I also like electronica music, so when I heard &quot;Such Great Heights&quot; on the radio, I immediately recognized Ben Gibbard's sweet vocals and decided I had to buy the CD (as it was also being trumpeted by many magazines and websites as the next CD to own).<br />Maybe my expectations for an interesting, inventive album were too high, but I was pretty disappointed with what I found with &quot;Give Up&quot;---the songs are a little too long for their own good (almost all are over 4 minutes, bordering on 5) and the faux drum-beats, blip-blips, and general song-structures are nothing edgy in the electronica genre, though they may seem fresh to indie-rockers. I was surprised how cut-and-paste most seemed.<br />Songs that do fare reasonably well are &quot;Clark Gable&quot;, &quot;We Will Become Sillhouettes&quot; and &quot;Nothing Better&quot; (&quot;Such Great Heights&quot; will wear out its welcome on the radio and CD after awhile).<br />The rest is nothing memorable, unfortunately.
0060922583|2.0|This book is interesting but ultimately is attempting to justify new agey feel good connectedness with a little pseudo science. Its nothing new. People have been using the wierdness of quantum theory to justify wacky meta-physical ideas since its inception. <BR>  The creditials of some of the  thinkers doesn't cut it for me. Many brilliant scientists go non-linear as they get older trying to find some kind of spiritual meaning to existence. Not having traditional religion they create their own  using questionable interpretations of modern physics. An excellent example of this is Tipler's 'The Physics of Immortality' where he invents his own heaven complete with all the trapping  of eternal bliss  in paradise. And he 'proves' it using modern cosmology. Wow. <BR>  I only write this review to warn people that are looking for science not meta-physical speculation. I bought this book without a lot of checking and thought I was getting a discourse on the holographic model used in cosmology as an information theoretic approach to physics. See for example Lee Smolin 'The Three Roads to Quantum Gravity'. Instead I got a lot of wild speculation based on anecdotes of ESP,Coincidences and miracle healings. This just isn't science. To quote  the late Carl Sagan. 'Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence'.
B000063COX|5.0|The last of the great Metal bands from the early 70's to the early 80's. Both Iron Maiden and Killers feature the non commercial radio play band that Bruce Dickinson turned them in to. Paul Di Anno made the music. Explosive riffs, Steve Harris' unbelievable bass work, and Di Anno's powerful singing make for two of the best metal albums ever made. Wrathchild is a masterpiece. Buy it NOW!!!
B000021Y77|4.0|To the beat of an incessant techno/deephouse soundtrack, Lola runs, and then runs some more. I couldn't possibly think of another movie with such sheer cinematic buzz, it's cut like an MTV video: blink and you may miss a visual gag.<br />The theme is doozy but interesting -- a slicing of the same reality in time into three perspectives. Blending an innovative mix of animation, still photography, slow motion, and normal cinematography, it illustrates how the smallest change in what a person does can alter the rest of their life, not to mention the lives of others, including complete strangers they pass on the street.<br />Ironic, creative, and simply riveting -- a fabulous kinetic pleasure of a rental. The breathless high-octane soundtrack should be in your dance collections too.
B0000669JL|5.0|This is a great record. Bob's body of work is extensive so obviously not everyone's favorites can be included and we must understand that. There are many that I would have added. <br />Under some circumstances I would agree that it seems thrown together but in other respects that too is a representation of Bob. He was a lover and a fighter (activist) all at once. How can you possibly separate the two? If you dont have love, if you care for nothing, then what are you fighting for?<br />Someone suggested that this CD (or maybe his music) was gloomy and bitter. It pains me to read this  because this person does not know anything about reggae, Jamaica,our language or our culture. This CD is overflowing with love. Romantic love: I listen to the seemingly simplistic metaphors and they stir great emotions in me. There is great love for family for understanding that the family helps us through. There is love for life. Love for the struggle that we as Jamaicans, as humans must endure.<br />Dont let this be your only Bob Marley experience, but if you're a novice its a good place to start.
1878424319|5.0|This is a book of great power.  This is a book that I turn to often, one which knocks me into REALITY.  It sits on my end table and will NEVER LEAVE.    I have bought about 10 copies of this book and gave them as gifts.  Everyone loves this book and can find it one of the most important books they/you can ever read.    I don't need to review it, I just want to recommend that anyone that is going through rough times, sickeness, turmoil etc... this book WILL HELP. ***Even if you are in for a little change in your life somehow.    These are 4 Agreements I will always live by!    HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!  5 out of 5 stars
B00013F38K|5.0|I loved this series when I was a kid. I'd literally trip over myself to run home and watch it.  I think it was already in re-runs by the time I was old enough to absorb it but it was still a long while ago and I loved it.  WHen I saw the dvd I couldn't believe it, and bought it right away. I was worried it would have lost something over time, that it would have lost the magic.  (Ie, Sergent Pepper was much more entertaining at 12 than 25..then it was so cheesy)  But, it totally hasn't, its still just as enchanting, its such a wonderful show. Cain is such a wonderful, gentle character. And its also nice how he's so peaceful and gentle, but not a wuss. He doesn't act aggresive cause he chooses not to, not cause he can't.  Now as the others said, where is season 2 and 3????  I want it NOW please!!
B00003CXB4|5.0|The Lion King debuted in 1994 and at the time became the highest grossing animated movie of all-time. Why? Because it had everything a Disney animated feature should have: a hero, great songs, beautiful animation and most importantly, charm. It is the story of Simba, who is born to Mufasa and one day will become king of the pridelands. In the beginning we see the strong bond between father and son, as Mufasa teaches Simba the things he needs to know to survive. Mufasa has a brother, Scar, who is jealous of Simba and feels like he is the rightful heir to the throne. Scar sets up Mufasa to be killed and then convinces Simba to run away by persuading him that his father's death was his fault. Simba runs away and is befriended by Timon and Pumba who help to raise the cub. So all the while Simba is growing up, Scar is ruling the pridelands just the way it should not be ruled. The land has become dry and the herds of animals once plentiful have migrated elsewhere. The kingdom is in disarray and the lions, with the exception of Scar, are suffering. Once Simba is grown he comes to realize what is going on at home and he is faced with the decision of taking his place as king or not going back. <br />This Platinum dvd edition presents a fully loaded 2-disc set, wih some interesting commentaries, deleted scenes and art galleries which are always fun. In some ways I felt like the set was targeted at kids rather than the true Disney fans, due to the inclusion of the virual games and music videos. That is a silly complaint on my part though, as I am proud to own a dvd quality copy of the Lion King. It is so amazing to be able to see the best picture possible with all the bright colors, and to hear this on the surround system. You really couldn't ask for more in a dvd. The only one true complaint is the inclusion of the Morning Report song into the film. It does not fit and it was so hard finding the original version without the song. In fact the whole layout on here is difficultto navigate and can be aggravating. Once you figure it out though I am sure you will be completely satisfied with the dvd that Disney has given us.<br />Although I can't personally say The Lion King is my favorite Disney animated movie, it certainly is near the top of my list and I recommend seeing it if you have not. Chances are you have seen it, but there are those who haven't. Great songs, smooth animation, loveable characters make this movie a true Disney classic, and in my opinion one of the last great Disney features (Lilo and Stitch is also a good one), and it is a shame that Disney doesn't seem to want to put more heart and effort into their movies these days. But if you like the movie pick this one up as it will go out of print next year, and I also recommend the other titles in the Platinum line.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I have all 7 complete seasons of Star Trek TNG and DS9; 5 seasons of B5; 6 seasons of SG-1; 6 seasons of Buffy; 2 seasons of Farscape; 1 each of Roswell and Andromeda. I would trade them all for a second season of Firefly.
B00005JN0A|2.0|Eurotrip is a highly unrealistic movie that should be categorized as \\"pure rubbish.\\"  The movie's premise:  that a wimper-snapper high school grad mistakenly thinks his German internet pen paler is a male and therefore decides that contact should be written off.  Well, turns out he was wrong: his pen pal is a gorgeous German blonde female.<br />The entire basis for the movie is attempting to rectify that error.  Apparently his pen paler decides to block him.  The primitive email screen tells him that his email is blocked and he cannot communicate with her further.  In real life, that calls for creating a new email address so that one can retain contact with the blocker.  In any case, in the movie, that calls for going to Europe.<br />Most of the European clips are quite lousy and sporadic.  There's not much of a point to being in Europe other than the German girl he seeks.  A high degree of anti-intellectualism pervades the movie.  I can understand the interest in sex, but it tends to be of the base sort rather than the romantic.  It does not seem plausible that a high school graduate can say \\"I love you\\" to a German girl he thought (until recently) was a male.  The only reason he came to love her was because he learned her name was female?  If the relationship between them was that superficial, it is hard to believe that his interest transcended looks much at all.  Overall, a fairly lame and quickly created movie with no substance whatsoever.<br />Michael
B0000DD7LC|2.0|I'll give it an 'A' for effort, but I think it sucks...Alicia Keys is overrated.
0385510438|5.0|A little different twist to his stories but very interesting. A little of small town, Desegragation in the 70's, A quasi adopted family that happens to be black with he being white, and wonderful names for many of the characters. The setting of the sniper at the courthouse and Baggy hanging out of the window on a electric cord had me laughing to the point I could'nt stop. Your certainly cannot miss with a Grisham novel, wonder what will be next.
B0001NBMBC|5.0|Where do I begin?  <br />First of all, the guitars.  Could Jim Root play or what?  Previously, I thought he was simplistic and didn't offer much range.  On Vol.3, however, he offers some descent riffs and killer solos!  Like Kerry King (of Slayer), he also plays Warlock guitar, and his new style makes this the most Slayer-ish release ever!<br />As a whole, the band is more solid, and focused.  It seems as though these guys did some self-discovery, and recognized their true roots and influences.  I still listen to lot of traditional/power metal, like Grave Diggers, Helloween, and Saxon.  Slipknot, with this release, have made their way into my <BR>list of prized bands.  Welcome aboard!
0783225849|5.0|I seen this movie when I was around 8, and up to a few years ago, I was afraid to take a shower without leaving at least one eye open. Then again Janet Leigh was once quoted as saying that she has been afraid of taking a shower ever since she did the movie. But one has to remember this, this movie was the work of the Master of suspense, and I do not use that word loosely. Alfred Hitchcock was very detail minded. He did not just &quot;throw together&quot; films to make a quick buck, but was very detail oriented. He gave 100% to all of his works. As for the movie itself, it's the story of a motel located on the outskirts of town in which people check in, but they don't check out... at least alive. It is filled with horror, suspense, drama, and action. I want so much to share with you what makes this movie more shocking, more &quot;catch you off guard&quot;, but if I do, it will lose some of its uniqueness (did I spell that right?) This is definitely not a movie for kids, not unless you want to deal with the possibility of yours having countless nightmares and being scared to take a shower! Remember what I said about when I seen it. If you want a movie that is a classic, and one of the top horror movies of all time, then please get this one. The DVD version comes with cool extra's, including a sort of &quot;behind the scenes&quot; tour. If you have never seen this film, you'll definitely want to put your seat up against the wall so you won't constantly be looking over your shoulder.
B000063DI9|5.0|Maiden went up and down(very slightly) and up, and way up(7th Son) and stayed there until there dissappointing follow up albums(F.O.T.D., and N.P.F.T.D.).  The atmosphere of this album, and the visions it prevokes, makes it one of the best metal albums ever, maybe even the best.  I don't like to get long winded so: This album simply stated is Maiden's Crown Jewel.
B000059XUO|4.0|The Crow is based on the dark comic series by James O'Barr.  The film was directed by Alex Proyas who later made Dark City and the upcoming feature I, Robot, which is due out July 16, 2004.  The Crow is a stunning film, its visuals are dazzling.  This film of course is always remembered for the sad and unfortunate death of Brandon Lee, son of martial arts legend Bruce Lee.  Brandon Lee had emerged and stunned us with this great performance and if he had lived he could have had a promising and grand career as an action star.<br />  Brandon Lee plays Eric Draven, a rock musician who is brutally murdered along with his fiancee.  A year later he comes back to life by the powers of a crow and the crow guides him as he seeks revenge for those who took away his life.  The movie does turn simply into a revenge flick, but it is a quite stunning one.  This film features some great action sequences and Lee as I stated earlier gives a great performance.  The film was released in 1994 and spawned two sequels, neither were as good as the original, infact the third went straight to video.  Due to Lee's unfortunate death, the filmmakers were able to finish the film using digital technology by what they had filmed of Lee's performance so the film could be released.  Proyas released the film to honor and in tribute of his death, some where upset by this but others think it was good of him.  This is a great film and I'm pleased to say it is a part of my DVD collection.<br />  The Crow is rated R for A Great Amount of Strong Violence, Language, Drug Use and Some Sexuality.  The violence is pretty intense and some might be offended or upset by it, after it one can expect that considering this is a dark and gritty film.  The violence includes the use of guns, knives, swords as well as fisticuffs.  There's also use of profanity, most of which is strong, and some drug use.  Overall a great movie and one which should be seen.
B000002KFJ|5.0|For the longest time I was stalled with the album Sabbath Bloody Sabbath, and could not get myself to listen to Sabotage.  Finally on a long rode trip I placed Sabotage in my CD player and it instantly became my favorite Sabbath album.  I consider it the Sabbath fans Sabbath album.  I won't bore you with wannabe music critic assessments, but I will say that this album will hit you upside the head and leave you stumbling for more.
6305907145|5.0|If, in choosing to view Mansfield Park, you are searching for the cookie-cutter Austen novel, I must say that you will be sorely disappointed. The book is a favorite of mine, and the movie is as well. But they are unquestionably different - the subleties of literature cannot lend themselves well to the fantastic vision of Patricia Rozema. The spirit Fanny posesses in the movie is more noticeable, and the issue of slavery is addressed at length - but not in the novel. Aside from the dissimilarites between the book and its film counterpart, Mansfield Park is a beautiful movie. The acting is exquisite, highlighting the sensual and angry undertones of the characters, and the themes of morality and virtue are expressed without having them shoved down your throat. True, the movie is not typical Austen - but it doesn't need to be. It is a passionate, free movie with romance and intrigue and a certain righteousness that I respect highly. I recommend this movie to anyone who simply requires a moving film, one with good acting and a loose familiarity to the Austen novel of its namesake. Happy viewing.
B000063DI8|1.0|Some good guitar riffs, but just plain sub-par work from the boys.  I theorize that they got burned out from doing 7th Son..., but this is just...I can't stand to say this about Maiden, but bad.  : (
B000069HJM|3.0|This is my least favorite 'Tramp CD, and with good reason.  'It's Alright' always sticks in my mind for some reason, but the lyrics are just plain crap (which is why I really hate this album, the lyrics just suck).  The music is something I can live with, but the lyrics, and I can't stress this enough, are just plain terrible.  Well, this CD is redeemed by the title track and 'An Awful Thing to Waste', which are two really good tracks, though they don't even begin to make the CD any better.  Other tracks that always sticks in my mind is 'I'm Beggin' You' and 'Where I Stand', which has a highlight of being co-written by Mark Hart.  That's the thing about this 'Tramp album: the lyrics suck, but the music is catchy.  But, just think, it could have been worse...<BR>By the way, if your interested in how corny the lyrics are, here's one &quot;But now I'm so down low/Like some downtrodden hobo&quot;.  Hobo?  That's the first time I've ever heard that word in any song...Oh man, what happened, Rick?
B00003CXWV|5.0|Let me be clear, this is a great film.  It actually reassures me that all movies are not garbage.  But for me the best part of the movie is Franka Potente's performance as Barbara, a comely stew who, so far as I can tell, is not supposed to be German.  It is a special pleasure for me to watch Franka Potente, with her thick Cherrrmann accent, ya? trying to speak in a vey zat iss recognizeable as chust typical yanqui American dialect.  I also thrilled to her performance in The Bourne Identity, hearing her deliver such lines as, &quot;But he vas chust shining us all on&quot;  like the Munchen-frau she is.  Yeah, I'll get all liquored up on Spaten Premium, or maybe even brave the forbidding slopes of the Optimator, then I'll hunker down for a triple-bill of Run Lola Run, Bourne Identity, and Blow.  Its like my own private Oktoberfest that I chust by myself heff got going on, ya?<BR>unt ich bein auss.
B0001NBMBC|1.0|It's nu-metal...Need i say more ?Nothing realy new here but same old nu-metal type of way except slipknot turn staind on their fans because there isn't realy nothing heavy not one song like the early sh*tty slipknot always been! Mediocre bullsh*t--typical nu-metal start heavy and gets soft...Yup! Sell outs just like korn,lb,mudvayne,flaw,staind,deftones and the list goes on &amp; on pathetic typical nu-metal!!Don't even bother.
006441034X|5.0|Well then. Since you are reading this review, I can only assume that you are on the book's page. My advice to you is: Scroll up, add it to you cart, and buy immediately! I got it at the library a couple of days ago, along with Castle in the Air, knowing by now that it's best to get any Diana series all at once or you will be itching for the next one as soon as you're done with the first. I swear to you, I have not laughed so hard or read so avidly over a book in a LONG time. The humour is perfectly placed to make you give a shriek of laughter at just the right moments. My family was looking at me rather strangely by the time I had finished. I liked the atmosphere of Howl's Moving Castle, and the characters just seemed to mesh so well with the surroundings and plot that if it weren't for the regrettable nessecities of meals and sleeping, it's quite probable that any reader would jump into the book headfirst and not come up until it's over. Anyone who liked Charmed Life or any other of the Chrestomanci books will love this and the sequel!
B00005JLWN|5.0|Should be on the list of the best 100 science fiction movies ever. No exaggeration. If Hollywood spent more time promoting movies like this and less time promoting junk, we wouldn't be suffering through the two sequels to the Matrix. I enjoyed this movie so much when I saw it on satellite, I went out and bought the DVD. <br />I had the total displeasure of watching Star Trek Nemesis this year. (That dud should be on the list of worst movies ever.) But here's a movie that shows what a science fiction movie should be. An innovative, action-packed movie  that is story and character centered. The action in this movie is something I've never seen before. It was like the director (who also wrote the script) created a new form of martial arts. I viewed it with an adult female and a teenager, and we all enjoyed it. <br />Me, I enjoy a good story. You could put a ton of effects and all the actors in the world, but if there's no story--like in the Matrix Sequels, the latest Star Trek movies, or any of George Lucas's recent Star Wars bombs--then I either shut if off or walk out the theater. So far there have only been a few good sci-fi movies that stand out: The Core, Spiderman, and this movie, to name a very few,  and I bought all three. Meanwhile, I didn't even bother watching the last Star Wars movie when it came out on satellite. <br />I remember the director of The Core saying something that I've been saying for years, only he said it better, \\"Movies today have been hijacked by special effects.\\" He went on to say how he wanted his actors to be the focus of the movie; and what he created was a movie where you cared for the characters. And that's also what happened in this movie. <br />At first you think the story is sort of ridiculous, I mean a society where having feelings is a crime; but then I thought about some of the wacky stuff going on today and how the government is in every facet of our lives, and then I thought it's not that ridiculous after all.  For example, doyou think someone even 50 years ago would ever imagine schools would put in metal detectors to check kids for guns? <br />Oh, and no wire tricks in this movie, thank God. If I see one more actor doing an acrobatic kick or jump that defies physics, I think I'd go beyond migraine. And I enjoyed the central character so much, I'm going to check out American Psycho. Okay, enough praise. Check out the movie and see if I was right.
B000002MUN|5.0|Pay no attention to Mr. Himes' scathing review, this in my opinion, is simply one of the best rock and roll records of all-time. <br />Petty abandoned his familiar three-chord format on Wildflowers and seemingly set out to make an *album* in the same sense as Sgt. Pepper or Pet Sounds. His songwriting took a huge leap on this record and there's simply not a throw-away cut.<br />Petty-esque rock and roll, great ballads and a hint of psychedelia. It's all here. EASILY one the best records of the last 20 years.
B00006CXSS|5.0|I happened to see the movie on the History Channel quite by accident, but from the beginning I was engrossed.  I watched every night absolutely in tears.  When the last episode was over, I wanted to go back and watch from the beginning again.  I feel that I know each of the men who were portrayed in the movie and the book.  The more I watch, the more familiar they are to me.  They are truly a company of heroes.
B00005JMCN|5.0|I originally had my doubts about this movie. I saw the previews and really wasn't that interested. But my dad went and saw this movie and said he was going to buy it when it came out on DVD. Getting my father to go see movies is like pulling teeth and he had never bought a movie before in his life. So naturally this got my curiosity up and I went to see Seabiscuit. I would rank this movie with Citizen Kane and A Beautiful Mind. Don't miss it.
B00003CXPJ|5.0|i love this movie<BR>if u are lookin to buy it do so right now<br />&quot;the files are IN the computer&quot; <BR>haha
B00004Z4SD|1.0|The Straight Story is horribly boring.  Nothing of note happens in the entire film.  The people that have given this four and five stars must be crazy.  You will be very disappointed if you watch this film &quot;The Straight Story&quot;.  There are some nice views of Iowa in the film, and if that's all you expect you may be satisfied. If you want to see a plot or story line you will be disappointed.  All you will to see is character development with nothing ever happening.  The retarded daughter(Sissy Spacek) is totally pointless btw. Anyway, don't say I didn't warn you!
0451526384|4.0|Like all of her novels, Jane Austen's PERSUASION is essentially a comedy of manners--a work in which the characters must negotiate a complex code of conduct in order to survive, much less achieve their ends.  And in a certain sense the novel is indicative of Austen's great talent, razor sharp, laced with irony and wit, and remarkably phrased.  And yet PERSUASION is quite unlike Austen's other novels in the story it tells.<br /><br />Eight years earlier, Anne Elliot fell in love with a man named Wentworth.  Her family and friends disdained the match, arguing that the man was below her in station and lacked any fortune with which to maintain Anne in her accustomed mode of life.  Persuaded to reject him against her own will, Anne broke off the engagement--and thereafter found herself unable to love another even as she endured the follies of her father and two sisters.  But Wentworth has returned, having made his name and fortune with the British navy, and it is now his turn to reject her.<br /><br />Published in 1816, PERSUASION is the last novel Austen completed before her death a year later, and it is remarkable for a very autumnal tone.  Unlike such Austen masterpieces as PRIDE AND PREJUDICE and EMMA, the herione is not a spirited, quickwitted young women on the verge of matrimony; the hero is not a dashing gentlemen of great estate; there is no verbal duel between the sexes.  It is instead the story of a commonsense and pleasantly ordinary woman who considers herself past the likelihood of marriage--and who now wishes only to escape the emotional pain and humiliation visited upon her by a suitor from long ago.<br /><br />While PERSUASION does not really stand along Austen's greatest works, it is nonetheless a very fine novel, a delicately wrought tale of opportunity lost and the passage of time, told in the uniquely piercing style so typical of the author--and while, of course, all eventually comes right for the romantically downtrodden Anne, it has a touch of melancholy quite unlike the tone of her other novels.  Austen readers will find it a delight.<br /><br />GFT, Amazon Reviewertone of her other novels.  Austen readers will find it a delight.    GFT, Amazon Reviewer
B0000C23DO|5.0|This is the Dead's best greatest hits album. A good place to start for new fans, but I wish it had more live tracks...
0064407667|5.0|I had a hard time getting into this book, although the title of the series  intrigued me enough to try it again and I have to admit to a certain captivation.  The series is almost like a cliff-hanger movie, with the characters facing an impossible and unpleasant predicament which they resolve only to find themselves faced with an uncertain future.<br />A Bad Beginning introduces the readers to the central characters, the three Baudelaire orphans Violet, Klaus and Sunny.  They are utterly charming and seem designed against stereotype.  Violet, unlike the stereotype for girls, is mathematically and mechanically inclined; she's the inventor of the three.  Klaus, unlike the stereotype for boys, is a great reader; he can learn anything from books and becomes a problem solver.  Sunny, well she's just Sunny, an adorable infant given to bitting things.<br />While the author goes to great lengths to inform the reader that the orphans have a hard time of it, the actual tale is not particularly upsetting or threatening.  Like Harry Potter, the Baudelaire children have lost their parents and are raised by family that is not necessarily pleasant.  In the latter case this is the mysterious, threatening, greedy Count Olaf.  While the book makes an effort to point out that not all of life goes smoothly, that it really is sometimes a series of unfortunate events, it emphasizes that these are problems to be solved, things from which we learn.  It also teaches that resources are available for problem solving, things like books, reliable adults, even siblings.<br />Also like the Potter series, The Series of Unfortunate Events exhibits enough plot structure, complex vocabulary, and sophisticated wit to appeal to adults as well as children.<br />One of the things I particularly like about the book is that the author provides a number of words and idiomatic expressions the meanings of which are explained partially by context and partially by outright definition.  He neither avoids using advanced vocabulary nor assumes that the reader will always figure out the words alone.  He acts as a teacher/parent who helps the learning process along.<br />A vary charming book.  I look forward to reading some of the others.ds using advanced vocabulary nor assumes that the reader will always figure out the words alone.  He acts as a teacher/parent who helps the learning process along.    <br />A vary charming book.  I look forward to reading some of the others.
B00000JGHM|5.0|How do you boast about your own (film) greatness without appearing obviously conceited?  If you're Michael Mann, you write and direct HEAT, one of the best films of 1995 and one of the last true cinematic crime epics.  HEAT brings Mann's TV classic CRIME STORY full circle (the film is actually based on Mann's made for TV flick, LA TAKEDOWN) but with an all star cast.  Pacino gets to rework the dialogue Dennis Farina made famous:  &quot;You do not get to watch my television set!&quot; and &quot;When these guys come out the door of whatever score they take, they're in for the surprise of a lifetime.&quot;  Like Farina's Lt. Mike Torello, Pacino's Lt. Vincent Hanna, LAPD R/H MCU, is a great cop whose career brillance has been paid with fatal personal consequences:  3 failed marriages, no social life, an empty future.  This is all in a day's work for Pacino:  great performance, unforgettable character...rivaled by DeNiro's Neil McCauley, a career criminal with a single tier life, told bold faced with the film's most powerful lines: &quot;Have no attachments, allow nothing to be in your life that you are not willing to walk out on in 30 seconds if you spot the heat around the corner.&quot;  There are few cop dramas as powerful as HEAT, largely credited to the Mann script and technical advice from Rey Verdugo (who appears as a Las Vegas detective in one of the more comical scenes) and long time friend Charles Adamson, who worked on CRIME STORY and THIEF.  Ashley Judd never looked more ravishing than she did here.
B00003CXI1|5.0|Naysayer after naysayer tries to write off this film, and those which followed, as well as the books, as fluff for kids.  Others went as far to say that this franchise had satanic or evil qualities about it.  I say that's a bunch of bull.  These movies and books do something for kids(and adults) that hasn't been done since films like &quot;The Neverending Story&quot; and the original &quot;Star Wars&quot; trilogy came along.  It allows kids to use their imagination.  It gives them hope that there is something magical and wonderful in this world.  Regardless if you believe in witchcraft or anything of that sort, let kids have some FUN!.  Sorry to be preachy, but for the last fifteen or so years, kids have been hammered with &quot;suggestions&quot; from professionals, preachers and the ACLU as to what they should be watching and doing.  Well guess what folks, kids need to have fun.  Granted, they do need to learn right from wrong and good from evil, but they have to live a little as well.<br />&quot;Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone&quot; gives kids a chance to laugh, scream in fear and be awed all at the same time.  Who in their right mind didn't pretend to be a wizard, witch, knight, cowboy, football star, etc. when they were growing up.  Today's kids have been robbed of that privilege by overprotective parents and worry-wart professionals.<br />So just sit back, relax and watch a pretty cool kid do some pretty cool things.  Harry is a wonderful role-model for kids.  He is respectful of others, minds most of the rules(the ones he breaks are broken with the best intentions), and fights for what's right.  He doesn't whine about being in a rough situation.  He makes decisions that would make any parent proud.  Oh, and by the way, he doesn't use his powers for evil purposes.  He actually fights evil.<br />Please don't let the whackos scare you away from this movie or anything related to it.  I'm a Catholic convert, and if you know anything about Catholic converts, you know that we're pretty holy-roly.  I don't see anything evil or satanic about Harry or any of his friends.  I'm not afraid that I'll find my daughter doing incantations sometime in the future trying to conjure up some evil spirit.  Instead, she'll be using her imagination, much like all of the kids that I grew up with, and pretending to be a warrior or a crimefighter or even a witch!  Who cares?  Just let the kiddies have some fun and quit strangling their childhood.<br />Sorry for going off, but in today's world, somebody has to say something.  God bless you J.K. Rowling, for bringing wonder and imagination back to life in a time where so many are trying to destroy it.<br />Highly recommended film, highly recommended book.  I enjoyed this as much(if not more) than my daughter.you know that we're pretty holy-roly.  I don't see anything evil or satanic about Harry or any of his friends.  I'm not afraid that I'll find my daughter doing incantations sometime in the future trying to conjure up some evil spirit.  Instead, she'll be using her imagination, much like all of the kids that I grew up with, and pretending to be a warrior or a crimefighter or even a witch!  Who cares?  Just let the kiddies have some fun and quit strangling their childhood.<br />Sorry for going off, but in today's world, somebody has to say something.  God bless you J.K. Rowling, for bringing wonder and imagination back to life in a time where so many are trying to destroy it.<br />Highly recommended film, highly recommended book.  I enjoyed this as much(if not more) than my daughter.
B0000AMRJC|5.0|SCARFACE is one of the most oft quoted films ever to grace modern culture:&quot;In this country you have to make the money first...&quot;  &quot;The country was built on washing money,&quot;  &quot;Don't get high on your own supply,&quot;... Only Yogi Berra gets quoted more.  This is an over the top classic, Pacino's muddled Cuban accent alone is one for the Smithsonian.  Beneath all the hype, all the criticism, there is an enjoyable 3 hour story of crime and punishment.  After the Hitchcockian works and before truely becoming a great American director with THE UNTOUCHABLES, DePalma and Oliver Stone (screenplay) left an undullable mark in film history.  The World Is Yours are words to live by, man!
B00008DDXC|5.0|&quot;Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets&quot; pulls off something that only &quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot; has done.  It's better than the first film!  Not only is the story more interesting(though the first was tops as well), it's packed with even more wonder and imagination than the first as well.  The castmembers of the first flick return, as well as Kenneth Branagh in a superb performance as Lockhart, the bumbling, vain writer of &quot;Magical Me.&quot;<br />I'm sure the naysayers had a wonderful time bashing this sequel for its evil undertones.  Students get &quot;petrified&quot; and the basilisk takes shots at Harry, but all in all, Harry prevails.  He makes the right choices, does the good deeds and fights a good fight.  How dare he promote such horrible values!<br />Please folks, I used up a lot of space harping on how kids need to have fun in my review of the first film.  The same applies to this movie as well.  Don't worry about your kid becoming a warlock or praying to Satan, just let them have a little fun.  If you raise them right, you won't have to worry about any of that anyway.<br />The &quot;Potter&quot; books encourage kids to read and use their imagination.  That's a good thing in my book.  The movies encourage kids to use their imaginations as well.<br />You've just got to love something that promotes so many good things.  We need more heroes like Harry.  He's a good character to let your kids read about and watch on the big screen.  He's caring to others, takes his studies reasonably serious(you might want to promote Hermione's study habits to your kids, though) and he always tries to do the right thing.<br />Overall this movie is fun and enjoyable for the whole family.  Some of the scenes might scare the little ones, but this movie is worth explaining those scenes in order to get the message across.<br />Watch this one and have a ton of fun.  It's great for everybody.  Highly recommended.
B00003CXCT|4.0|The DVD versions of the original Star Wars trilogy being released are neither the original theatrical versions or the 1997 SE versions.  Apparently Lucas has made even more changes for the DVD release.  Looking at the Digital Bits website I saw a photo of the \\"Force Spirits\\" scene from the end of Episode VI.  The Skywalker spirit had changed to look more like Skywalker of the Prequel movies.  Myself I just want to get these on DVD.  However I think Lucas should consider his fans and maybe release a special edition set with the original versions and most recent versions packaged together.  I know I'd buy it and I think alot of other fans would too.
0743455967|5.0|Even if you don't like Stephen King's novels, any serious fiction writer should read this book.  It is hands-down the most informative, entertaining, and honest book about the writing process.  You'll learn a lot of useful information about hwo to be a self-directed, self-disciplined writer, as well as read some absolutely fantastic (and often hilarious) anecdotes about King's writing life, from childhood to the present day. Don't pass it up!
B000268QB2|5.0|The biggest thing anyone who is considering this album should know is that there are no guitars. Although almost every rock band for the last 50 years has depended on guitars for the essence of their sound, here the axe does not seem to matter one bit. Although it is easy to compare them to other British pop bands such as Coldplay, they are certainly not the same. Instrumentation aside, Tom Chaplin is an excellent singer with a wide range, and this is utilized to full effect on Hopes and Fears. The songwriting is top-notch, and there are plenty of songs that seem to resonate with me, either due to their catchiness or cleverness. Some of my favorites are &quot;Somewhere Only We Know&quot; and &quot;Can't Stop Now&quot;, but there are other slower songs that are equally compelling and well done. Perhaps I simply have a tendency to favor piano based tunes over guitar based, but this album is a welcome change from guitar thrashing, and extremely well produced and planned. I would recommend it to anyone who has enjoyed British Music in the post-Oasis era.
B000089CJI|5.0|What can I say about this album besides that it's awesome?  Not much cuz that's exactly what it is.  The way the music can just transform your mood is amazing.  Highly recomended to anyone who likes music.  It's that simple.
B00006CXSS|5.0|Band of Brothers was very well shown in this HBO special. I had previously read the book and felt that it was a true American story that everyone should read. This mini series shows what men like Richard Winters, Carwood Lipton, and many others went through to defend and up hold the values of America. No one can know what it was actually like except for the ones who were there but this mini series gives us taste of the hell that these men endured for their country. It shows us how men can become more than they can ever know when a buddy is in need. I am proud to call myself an American because of men like those in Easy Company who killed, bled, and died for their country.
B0001NBMBC|5.0|Let me begin with stating that I did really liked the self titled album and Iowa, but I never was a hardcore fan of Slipknot. Their music, while being very agressive, was kinda one-sided and sometimes just too noisy. Some songs on Iowa are just noisy - not heavy (didn't hide the fact that some riffs are really weak).<BR>So I was pleasantly surprised when I had a first listen of this record. Vol.3 is an improvement on allmost every aspect, showing a lot more diversity and creativity then their previous releases.  Corey shows once and for all he can do a lot more with his voice then just scream. Guitars sound a lot better, there's even room for some good solo-work. Drumming is just as good as ever, and the DJ can be heard a lot more (in the background, mostly). There are even some acoustic tracks!<BR>The only critics I can come up with is the percussion - the band simply doesn't need 2 percussionists, they are barely heard.<BR>Also worth noting is that these 14 songs really work well as an album. It has no fillers, the quality is consistant, and the heavier and softer songs are on the right places. So you can listen to the whole thing without getting bored or having to skip a track.  <br />Song by song breakdown:<BR>Prelude 3.0 - N/A sets the right tone, but I never really care for intro's<BR>The blister exists - 10/10 Amazing opening song. The drumbreak in the middle was a very pleasant surprise. Great heavy riffs and very good vocals.<BR>Three Nil - 9/10 Very heavy and unpredictable song. But not my favourite.<BR>Duality - 9/10 Amazing chorus, very nice song. Only the main riff is a bit repeative.<BR>THe opium of the people - 10/10 One of my favourites. The guitarwork on this song is awesome (just listen to that intro!). Again, a great chorus.<BR>Circle - 9/10 Never expected an acoustic, but it's a very good one so I'm not complaining. Only the ending is a bit weird.<BR>Welcome - 8.5/10 A great, heavy song, but other then that it doesn't really stand out.  <BR>Vermillion - 10/10 A masterpiece. Very haunting melodies, and again great guitarwork. Sounds a bit like a melodic version of 80's heavy metal rather then nu-metal. Refreshing.<BR>Pulse of the maggots - 9.5/10 Great in-your-face song. I like how it keeps getting heavier and heavier. It also has very nice, fast solo.<BR>Before I forget - 9.5/10 Another great song. This album seems to be full of them. Very solid main-riff and (again!) a very good chorus.<BR>Vermillion pt2. - 10/10. This one sends shivers down my spine. Great acoustic track, I like this one more then circle<BR>The nameless - 9/10. Very different. It changes from heavy to soft very sudden - even more sudden then Chop Sue! (from system of a down) and yet again an amazing chorus. Good riffs too.<BR>The virus of life - 8.5/10 Very dark, twisted song. A typical Slipknot song. I disliked it first, but it really grew on me. <BR>Danger, Keep away! - 9/10 Nice, admospheric closing song.<br />I really recommend this one. Never expected I would recommend a Slipknot album, but I just did :P
B000059T1E|5.0|Times had changed by 1970 ... Dave Mason was off to a full solo career, Chris Wood had joined Ginger Baker's Airforce, and Capaldi was not so sure what he wanted to do, but had not yet decided to quit the drums and be a singer.<br />This is how this album begins, with only Stevie Winwood in the studio, having already penned a couple of songs -&quot;Every Mothers Son&quot; and, only included in this remastered version, &quot;Sittin' Here Thinkin' of My Love&quot;- and ready to record a solo album.<br />Anyway, that was the plan but was not what ended up happening. Instead, whatever the real reason was -several stories are told- soon enough Capaldi and Steve's brother, Chris Wood, joined him and this became Traffic third studio album.<br />Although Mason was gone -his contribution to Traffic's original sound and the two gems they recorded together can never be acknowledged enough- Winwood had enough music, feeling and ideas to carry the load and make \\"Barleycorn ...\\" a classic in its own right.<br />It can be said that although this is very much a Traffic album, it is more heavily dominated by Winwood's musical vision and playing than its predecessors.<br />There are two strong musical courses, running through Winwood's veins, coming naturally to a crossroads here, the ever-present Jazz/R&amp;B that Winwood had been feeding off since the Spencer Davis Group's days, and his connection to the English Folk tradition.<br />Actually, when you think that it was recorded over thirty years ago, it is even a more astounding example of how &quot;ahead-of -its-times&quot; Traffic was and, even more conclusively, what a tremendous composer Winwood had already become at 22.<br />Traffic, as a whole, and this album in particular are, to this day, one of the beacons of popular music that has ever been recorded, even today.
0066620996|5.0|I was first inclined to read this from Built to Last. Glad I did, this book is excellent. Its refreshing to see what most companies 'should' be doing to make themselves better from companies in the past who have succeeded from moving from good - to great. Hope to see more of these in the future.
B00009W0U4|4.0|If there's one thing that can be stated with utmost certainty, it is that \\"Irreversible,\\" a French film by writer/director Gaspar Noe, is not for the faint of heart or weak of stomach.  In fact, this tale of the brutal rape of a helpless young woman is one of the most harrowing films ever made and features two of the most graphic scenes ever committed to film: the rape itself and the killing of the man responsible for the rape.<br />Although I imagine that very few people will end up subjecting themselves to this film in the long run, those who do will witness an amazing piece of work in many ways.  Like the movie \\"Betrayal\\" from 1983, \\"Irreversible\\" tells its story in reverse chronological order.  It begins with a frenzied man racing through a gay sex club, madly searching for someone we know merely as Le Tenia.  Only as the story develops - as we are taken ever further back in time - do we begin to understand what is going on: that this young man, Marcus, is seeking vengeance on the rapist who has brutally attacked his pregnant girlfriend.  Noe keeps us in a state of confusion by filming the scene in such a way as to reflect the maniacal state of Marcus' revenge-obsessed mind.  The camera bounces around in epileptic confusion while the audience attempts to get its bearings.  Eventually, as the filmmakers backtrack to reveal the events that have led up to this moment, the camera calms down and we get to see the whole ugly story acted out in painfully graphic detail.  In fact, in the rape scene itself, Noe reverses his filmmaking style 180 degrees, deliberately leaving the camera stationary and focused on the event as it plays itself out.  He simply won't allow us to stop looking.<br />There are some, I imagine, who might object to this film on moral grounds, feeling that it is little more than a cynical exploitation picture with artistic pretensions.  Yet that condemnation would do a disservice to the makers of this film who, I believe, do not want us to revel in the sordidness of what we see, but rather to be appalled by the unspeakably brutal way in which human beings can treat their fellow human beings.  By having us sit and witness every moment of this brutality without the comforting filter of cutaway shots or easy dissolves, Noe forces us to face the ugly truths about ourselves as a species.  The reverse-order structure of the film heightens the tragic nature of the story for it allows us to see just how happy and hopeful these characters are in the time right before the rape shatters their lives.  The latter half of the film contains no physical violence, yet watching it unfold is an ineffably sad experience, for we, unlike the characters themselves, are privy to the Sword of Damocles so precariously poised over their unsuspecting heads, yet find ourselves helpless in being able to rescue them from the inevitable destruction it will cause.  Thus, the structure robs us of even the remotest option of hoping against hope that the tragedy can somehow be avoided - for we have seen it as an already completed action.  For while the film may be \\"reversible,\\" life itself is not.  In the case of this film, at least, form does, indeed, become content.<br />Vincent Cassel as Marcus, Monica Bellucci as his girlfriend, Alex, and Albert Dupontel as their mutual friend, Pierre, all deliver excellent, heartfelt performances.<br />I doubt that many people will have the intestinal fortitude to make it through large segments of this film, but those who do will surely never forget what they've seen.n the sordidness of what we see, but rather to be appalled by the unspeakably brutal way in which human beings can treat their fellow human beings.   By having us sit and witness every moment of this brutality without the comforting filter of cutaway shots or easy dissolves, Noe forces us to face the ugly truths about ourselves as a species.  The reverse-order structure of the film heightens the tragic nature of the story for it allows us to see just how happy and hopeful these characters are in the time right before the rape shatters their lives.  The latter half of the film contains no physical violence, yet watching it unfold is an ineffably sad experience, for we, unlike the characters themselves, are privy to the Sword of Damocles so precariously poised over their unsuspecting heads, yet find ourselves helpless in being able to rescue them from the inevitable destruction it will cause.  Thus, the structure robs us of even the remotest option of hoping against hope that the tragedy can somehow be avoided - for we have seen it as an already completed action.  For while the film may be \\"reversible,\\" life itself is not.  In the case of this film, at least, form does, indeed, become content.<br />Vincent Cassel as Marcus, Monica Bellucci as his girlfriend, Alex, and Albert Dupontel as their mutual friend, Pierre, all deliver excellent, heartfelt performances.  <br />I doubt that many people will have the intestinal fortitude to make it through large segments of this film, but those who do will surely never forget what they've seen.
B0001WGDXK|3.0|These are wonderful performances, demonstrating the drama and intensity of Bernstein's later years. That said, they also represent some of the criticisms that are often made of the late Bernstein: extremely slow tempi, a self indulgent approach that often ignores entirely the intentions of composers, and an over the top approach that can come across as crass and vulgar to those familiar with more traditional interpretations of these works. This is not a set to own if you wish to have only one Enigma or collection of Sibelius symphonies. <br />For those interested in a different approach to some familiar works however, this is an excellent buy. Bernstein pulls out all of the stops in these works, presenting a powerful Sibelius first symphony filled with grand gestures and arresting moments. The second is somewhat less succcessful, as its slow movement often loses momentum at such a slow tempo, and Bernstein's decision to accelerate the tempo during the development of the final movement fails to enhance what is already one of the weaker moments of the work. The fifth and seventh are also filled with dramatic moments, though the famous horn theme from the finale of the fifth gets buried at points, marring the otherwise brilliant movement (a conscious decision on Bernstein's part, but there is little counter melody beneath this theme that really demands to be heard over it). For a good fifth, see Karajan's Berlin recordings (on either EMI or DG), and for a good seventh, go to Maazel or Davis. If you are looking for a complete set, Colin Davis' set with the Boston symphony still remains the linchpin of the catalogue.<br />A final word needs to said about the Elgar. Alone amongst these recordings, this is the only one that Bernstein did not record with Columbia, and so unlike the other works, there is no means of comparison with how Bernstein might have done this work with the New York Philharmonic. This performance has its moments, but Bernstein's agonizingly slow (Nimrod for example), dramatic approach robs the work of much of the light and intimate character that makes the work so distinctive amongst orchestral show piece. A testament to friendship is hardly a work that warrents such a self important, Wagnerian interpretation, and this remains, as it did when it was first released, a recording to admire from afar, rather than be enjoyed.
0792164903|4.0|Once again Tim Burton adds his sinister, elegant touch to one of the strangest tales of all time. The results are excellent. This movie was thoroughly entertaining, and Johnny Depp (as always) was wonderful as the skittish and nervous Ichabod Crane. Although many have said that it is scary, I disagree--the chill factor is not as much, it is simply comical gore with a lot of head-rolling. Not frightening, but definately entertaning. Christinia Ricci, I found, was a bit inadequate as Katrina Van Tassle. Her dialogue delivery was shamefully bad and she looks far too young. But overall, a Burton (or Depp) aficinado must that will have you feeling enchanted time and again.
B0002234LS|4.0|Best selling author Mort Rainey is being harrassed (if that isn't an understatement) by psychopath John Shooter who accuses Rainey of plagiarizing what he claims is his own story.  Shooter wants things rectified by Rainey and wants what is \\"right is right\\".From here it is a game of cat and mouse as Rainey promises to obtain proof that his story is genuine and his own so that the evil and enigmatic Shooter will go way and leave him alone.Easier said than done as a chain of complicated matters and violent events plunge and pull Depp's character into the madness created by Shooter. Seems that Shooter has made one stipulation that if Rainey does not follow through with or comply, his refusal will only make matters worse for him and those around him---especially for his wife whom he is going through the painful proceedings of a divorce process. Acts of animal cruelty, bizarre murders (body count starting to rise around central character)with everything pointing towards the menacing and mysterious Shooter...<br />I've never read the Stephen King story on which this film is based on so you won't get any \\"love it\\" or \\"hate it\\" comparisons from me between the book and film. There were quite a few obvious clues in the beginning of the film that pretty much gave away the \\"surprise\\" twist for me.There was a definite sense of predictability.Low and behold the movie's twist and ending is exactly the way I had envisioned it. I have seen this done so many times before in other previous movies using the same surprise premise. Was I disappointed? You bet.<br />The only reason for the 4 stars is the outstanding performances by Depp , Dutton and Turturro! Johnny's in familiar role acting territiory as the tortured central character who possesses that sharp sarcastic \\"right-back-at-ya-buddy\\" wit and hard edged cynicism that only Depp can do extremely well in his performances!He takes no crap.Period.A fine actor that never disappoints;you can literally see his creative wheel spinning inhis head as he plays the role with great verve.<br />Charles S. Dutton's character was a bit underrated and could have used more film time as well as dialogue.Nevertheless, a great performance. Turturro as the mysterious and maniacal \\"Shooter\\" is an actor that can play such an evil role yet there is always something comedic in nature to his performance that adds that something to his sinister role.<br />For those who have seen the dvd with the alternate ending, THAT is the ending I would have used for true Stephen King style and atmosphere !<br />See Secret Window for a Saturday night at home flick and for the outstanding preformances by Depp, Tururro and Sutton but don't be shocked if you can figure out the twist from early on in the film !
B00000099Y|5.0|First of all, MTV has far from shoved Tool down anyone's throat.  Second of all, you mentioned the only good reviews of this album were coming from kids, or &quot;sheep&quot; as you referred, well I am a major Tool fan &amp; this is (in my opinion), one of the best albums ever recorded and I am a 32 y.o. female.  In fact, every Tool fan that I know personally is over the age of 30 - and there are a lot of them.  SO unless you have done your homework, and you know the facts, maybe you should stay far away from reviewing albums over the Internet.  Don't quit your day job, that is, if you're old enough to be employed.<br />With that said (heh heh) I strongly suggest all of you to at least give this album a chance.  Listen to it twice, if you don't like it, put it away, give it a week &amp; listen to it a third time at high volume while reading the lyrics.  I can't imagine any serious rock fan being dissapointed.
B0002234LS|4.0|After reading all the reviews, I really did NOT want to see this. I figured, oh great, another stephen king story adapted to film and it will probably stink just like just about every other king book/movie. But I was wrong. This was a really great movie. Johnny Depp was most excellent in it. The other actors did a great job also. You really have no idea what is going on, until the ending. I was able to figure it out, though, but only a couple of minutes before it was revealed what was going on.<br />So basically I'm saying, this is a great movie, don't believe the people saying it wasn't very good.
B00018D44U|4.0|OK, so this CD is not  a challenge, but it's a breezy summer accompaniment that's worth the bucks.<br />If you didn't like Norah's debut, you won't like this one.  But if you did, it's like a second conversation with someone you enjoyed the first time.  Fewer revelations, but more familiarity, and a great deal of ease.  <br />And to be tiresome, her success last time apparently won her permission to write more of this one, and somehow insta-fame didn't ruin her, or apparently turn her into a Mariah-monster.  Norah, you can hang at my place anytime.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I'm 58. I'm not a fan of televised sci-fi or westerns. They've only been done justice in films, in my opinion. Until now. Intrigued by the massive outpouring of positive reviews here, I took a chance on the dvds. It didn't take more than half the first episode to convince me of the quality of the series. Epic sweep and intimacy, real people, real emotions, subtle characterization that develops each character over time, editing, music and use of the camera all at cinematic levels - this series is a jewel.<br />There are weaknesses. Some of the villains and some of the plots tend toward the generic, and there are occasional plot-holes. The overall quality outweighs all that easily, though. By the end, I felt as if I'd found a family. I'd follow Malcolm Reynolds anywhere he wanted to lead me and I'll be waiting with as much patience as I can muster for the film. For those of you who'll be discovering this universe for the first time, through the dvds or through the movie, I envy you. You're going to have such a good time!
B0001ZX0PG|5.0|When I decided to view this movie I didn't expect to see what I saw. This movie is about 3 childhood friend and how one tragedy tore them apart continuously.<br />In my opinion the morals of the story was, what goes around comes around and never talk too much; in some cases you should keep your mouth closed.<br />I felt that Dave one of the main characters should have gotten some psychiatric help for what happened to him when he was a young boy, because it was obvious that things do sit and fester in one's mind. Not to say that the tragedy at the end of the movie would not have happened but it would of gave Dave's wife a different outlook on things and not run her mouth and say something happened when it didn't, but again that all goes back to Dave receiving some help.<br />Later....
0763611883|5.0|I love this book.  It is silly and keeps our daughters attention.  She is 3 and loves it!!!
B0002234LS|4.0|*spoiler* Secret window is part of a great movie,the only thing missing is a better ending.That doesnt sound fair to the movie,I do like it but something doesnt feel right near the end.It has the same problem &quot;identity&quot; has,no way you can figure whats happening until they spell it out for you.it feels forced on you.I still recommend it.
B000000993|5.0|hands down.<br />every song is a 10<br />from Sober to Prison Sex to Crawl Away to Bottom to Undertow to Flood to Swamp Song to Intolerance to 4 Degrees and even the 15 minute Disgustapated.<br />Classic<br />There 3rd best album (that says a lot)
B00029NMRM|1.0|I am one to watch alot of movies and to be sort of pleased with all, but this movie was completely rediculous. i mean why would they make the movie this stupid. Granted the first one wasnt all that but this one was just thrown right into the theatres and no one was even thinkin bout the public's reaction to this movie. in all i dont recommend this movie to anyone. if it's on tv then im sure there is something else better on. dont waste your time like i did. tell everyone..this movie is Bulls***.
B0001MDP3G|5.0|I thought Cold Mountain was the best film of 2003.  Anthony Minghella fashioned an extremely moving, visually lovely, and richly literate adaptation of Charles Frazier's novel.  At the center is an unusual love story -- of two people who barely know each other, and yet who, with the memories of a few magical moments, invent a profound love between them in order to survive in the war-torn world around them.<br />Jude Law gives a beautiful and subtly expressive performance as Inman, the taciturn and deeply inward central character.  Nicole Kidman is superb as Ada as is Renee Zelwegger in her Oscar-winning performance as Ruby.  The relationship between Ada and Ruby becomes one of the movie's most moving elements.  The massive supporting cast is filled with some of the best character actors in the industry.<br />Despite its old-fashioned epic richness, Cold Mountain is also filled with moments of extreme violence, which are shockingly and wrenchingly staged by Minghella.  In addition, it's also a deeply musical film, with a haunting score by Gabriel Yared and  numerous gorgeous songs from the old south.  It's a shame that most critics condescended to this film, and chose to review it in the context of Miramax's (admittedly distasteful and relentless) Oscar campaigning.  It is not strikingly original or free from the occasional Hollywood cliche.  But it is lovingly made, beautifully crafted, and carefully paced.  That's more than can be said for most films - Hollywood or independent - these days.<br />The 5 stars are for the film.  The DVD transfer is - to my unprofessional eyes - crap.  I'm astonished that Miramax would release such a visually stunning movie in such a grainy, unfocused, unvibrant transfer.  It's a shame, and Miramax should be embarrassed.
B00005JKWJ|5.0|After the first installment in the Blade series, I was really looking forward to the sequel - and I wasn't dissapointed. This far surpasses Blade and just hightens the suspense for Blade: Trinity (out Dec 10). Wesley Snipes is his usual great self in a fast-paced, suspense action movie. Kris Kristofferson is brilliant as Whistler once again (as are the rest of the cast). If you liked the first then you will definetly like this - and hopefully like me you cant wait for Blade: Trinity !
0385510438|5.0|I discovered the legal thrillers of John Grisham along with most Americans in the summer of 1993 (when the film The Firm was released) and spent several weeks reading his forst four novels.  The best was A Time to Kill in which Grisham captured race relations in a small southern town.  I read each sucessive Girhsam blockbuster each summer.  Other than The Rainmaker I felt let down, some (The Brehtren, The Partner) were funny, but not truly cpativating novels.  After the King of Torts I was losing faith in Grisham- The Last Juror changed that.<br />This was fantastic.  It is admittedly a beach read, but seems more quality than most of this genre.  Grisham returns to smalltown Mississippi and describes issues ranging from lecetions, to the decline of the main street downtown, to race.  I could absolutely not put it down.  The characters were wll drarn and multidimensional.  It is not technically a thriller, but certainly held much suspence.  I hope John Grisham keeps writing like this!
B0000DD7LB|5.0|In the year of 2003 Britney returned to the music scene from her wild year of antics with the infamous MTV kiss with Madonna. In November 2003 Britney released her stunning Cd 'In The Zone'. Britney released her best album yet. She transformed herself from a sexy young teenager to a provocative young woman. In the Zone takes listeners though a journey of different styles of music. From Hard hitting dance tracks, to dirty ghetto Hip Hop to viby trance tracks to beautiful peaceful ballads. This album shows Britney at her best. This album made critics label her \\"The New Madonna\\".<br />Me Against The Music - This is the lead single from the album. It is the infamous duet featuring Madonna. It is a hard hitting club dance track, very different from what is on the radios these days. The track is just about being in a club and being oblivious to everyone and freestyling. This is my 2nd Favourite track on the album and one of my favourite songs of all time. 10/10<br />(I Got That) Boom Boom - This track is an Up-tempo Hip Hop track perfect for the clubs. The track has also has an Indian vibe to it. This track features the Ying Yang Twins, which gives the track a dirty ghetto, feel to it. This song is my 3rd Favourite song on the album, and is one of the best Hip Hop songs I have ever heard. 10/10<br />Showdown - The famous UK producers Bloodshy & Avant produced this track. It is a great sexy dance track which features Britney whispering \\"I don't wanna be a tease. Would you undo my zipper please\\" This track is done very well. Again very unique. 9.5/10<br />Breathe On Me - This song is very club-savvy orientated and is one of the most sensual tracks on the album. The song has a HOT beat and is reminiscent to Kylie's Can't Get You Out Of My Head. This track describes the intensity of a relationship so hot that they don't even need to touch, just breathe. This is my Favourite track on the album and one of my favourite songs of all time. I can automatically see this song go #1 in Europe if it is released. 10/10<br />Early Mornin - The second this track commences you will automatically know that it is Moby produced. This track is very sexy and has a trance feel to it. The song is very vibey and is about the next morning after a big night out. 7/10<br />Toxic - This is the second single from the album which is produced by Bloodshy & Avant. The song is HOT and fits Britney perfectly. The track is a hard hitting dance track which could easily be used as the theme song to Alias or the next bond movie. Critics are describing it the best song Britney has released since I'm A Slave For You. I love this track so much because of its uniqueness. 10/10<br />Outrageous - This is a typical R&B penned track. The second the song commences you will automatically realise it is R Kelly produced. This song is again perfect for the clubs and has an Indian vibe to it. The chorus is very catchy. 9.5/10<br />Touch Of My Hard -This is the most sensual song on the album. This song is a beautiful dance ballad reminiscent to Madonna's The Power Of Goodbye. This song is an ode to (...). Although this song is not dirty at all, it is Britney's most mature song to date and has a sexy vibe to it. This is definitely a stand out track on the album. 10/10.<br />The Hook-Up - Redzone, the famous team behind the Britney/Madonna duet, produced this track. This song has an R&B reggae feel to it and is fairly uptempo. This track takes some getting used to but when your hooked your definelty hooked. 9/10<br />Shadow - This track is a beautiful ballad produced by The Matrix. This is very reminiscent to Avril's I'm With You. This track shows Britney's vocals at its best. 9/10<br />Brave New Girl - This song brings back the days Britney was innocent. In every album she has to bring out the stupidness in her. She has done exactly that in this track. This track is very pop driven and could be used as the theme song to Legally Blonde. I personally think it is The worst song on the albumand one of the worst songs I have ever heard. 1/10<br />Every Time - This track is absolutely stunning. Britney shines in this tale of heartbreak. This is definitely one of the most beautiful ballads ever written by not only Britney herself but of all time. The simple harmony makes you feel the words and the pain Britney has felt. This is a Guy Sigsworth produced ballad. 10/10<br />Me Against The Music (Remix) - This is remix to the First Single. The song was remixed by Peter Rishi and an Indian vibe has been added to it. The song is still very clubby and is probably one of the best remixes I have ever heard. 10/10<br />ALL IN ALL I LOVE THIS CD AND I DON'T THINK IT COULD HAVE GOTTEN ANY BETTER. THIS ALBUM IS VERY UNQIUE AND IS BRITNEY'S BEST ALBUM SO FAR. OVERALL I GIVE IT A 10/10
B00003CXE7|5.0|I seldom write reviews for anything, but for a movie like 'Gladiator' I'm willing to make an exception, and gosh if it's worth doing it!!<br /> The movie, by far the best of the year 2000, is not only an award-winning production, but it is also one of the few that I personally enjoy watching again and again and again. Not because it is flawless (at times the storyline is quite predictable) but because it portrays life and death in the Roman Empire in such a way that it really bring those old buildings we all know since childhood (the Coliseum, the Forum, Via Appia, etc) back to life.<br /> And yet it does so not at the expense of the story but through it, from the characters, to the script (they're so many quotables lines from Maximus and Commudus alone to make a CD)...in fact everything in the movie, from the battle in Germanica to the last fight at the Coliseum, is portrayed with realism plus an amazing score lacking in so many movies these days.<br /> The movie of course is not to be seen as &quot;history&quot; in the academic sense but rather as an historical exercise, Holywood style, of one of the most facinating and complex periods of Western History. The attention to the detail is amazing, especially in the opening scene (the battle in Germanica) and the gladiatorial fights. Even most deleted scenes are great in the sense that they allow us to understand the characters a little bit more (Commudus' sword smashing of his father's marble bust is a most see), although they neither add nor take of the story. The casting is superb, with Russell Crow in the main role, Joaquin Phoenix as the Emperor Commudus, along with such legends as Oliver Reed as the freedman slaveholder and Richard Harris as the great Marcus Aurelius.<br /> I'll recomend strongly that anyone who sees this movie shoudl do his/her homework and do a little of reading about Rome, both as a Republic and after, and the huge importance of the entertaining business in her late everyday life (an importance unreached until recent times).<br /> Overall, a classic epic of an scope and ambition not seen since 'Ben Hur'; full of action, drama... and yes, more action.<br /> As the Romans themselves said, Faber est quisque fortunae suae... each one is the architect of his own fortune. Feliciter!reached until recent times).<BR> Overall, a classic epic of an scope and ambition not seen since 'Ben Hur'; full of action, drama... and yes, more action.  <BR> As the Romans themselves said, Faber est quisque fortunae suae... each one is the architect of his own fortune. Feliciter!
B00004Y62T|4.0|\\"The Talented Mr. Ripley\\" is one of the most unsettling, vivid thrillers made since Hitchcock.  Matt Damon leads an All-Hollywood Under-40 cast, including Jude Law, Ms. Paltrow, Cate Blanchett, and Phillip Seymore Hoffman (reprising his obnoxious spoiled brat from \\"Scent of a Woman,\\" with his arrogance on steroids) in one of his most convincing performances to date.  <br />Set in the 1950's, \\"Ripley\\" perfectly captures the look and feel of the period through rich costumes and fabulous sets -- director Anthony Minghella uses the same voluptuous direction that he used to such great effect in \\"The English Patient.\\"  But there are elements of subversion in the movie that match Ripley's subversive, evil soul -- the rise of jazz (\\"noise,\\" as one character derisively calls it), characters who do nothing but spend their parents' fortunes, and homosexuality and adultery tearing at the rigid social fabric of the times all mirror Thomas Ripley's unnerving ability to manipulate the truth to his own ends.<br />Ripley is not content to be the best person he can be -- Ripley wants to be the best person that someone else could be.  In this case, it's Dickie Greenleaf (Law -- fiendishly handsome), heir to a shipping fortune and ladies' man extraordinaire.  Ripley is sent to Italy by the elder Greenleaf to retrieve his son, idling away on the beach with his girlfriend Marge (Paltrow).  Teaching himself jazz and inventing stories of schooldays at Princeton, Ripley soon charms his way into Dickie's house.<br />Ripley knows that the key to being a great liar is to tell the truth as much as possible and allow others to draw their own conclusions.  This takes great wit and timing, and Ripley pulls it off fabulously.  For a while, things could not be better, but soon the impulsive Dickie tires of the ever-present Ripley, whose attachment to Dickie goes beyond mere friendship into unsettling territories.  This leads to a horrifying boat trip where the two Ripley-proclaimed \\"brothers\\" speaktruths that probably should have gone unsaid. <br />Ripley finds himself caught up in the world of his own making, and the lies he has spun threaten to ensnare him even as he uses them to break free from his former anonymous life.  Delicately balancing new lies and capitalizing on what is, to our modern eyes, a quaintly obsolete communications system (my God, they actually write letters!), Ripley eventually finds himself living the good life in a wonderfully decorated Roman penthouse.<br />As good a liar as Ripley is, he can't prevent some from figuring out his various lies and secrets.  And this is where the movie really gets dark -- Ripley is a man filled with rage, and that rage can lead to gruesome results.    <br />Ripley is a man of considerable talents and appetites.  His hunger for acceptance and for love -- there is virtually nobody in the film whom Ripley does not seduce -- is exceeded only by his instinct for self-preservation.  Even Ripley is horrified by what he is capable of, and the climactic scene leaves no doubt that for all his talents, Ripley is not someone you ever want to meet.<br />\\"Ripley\\" achieves a lot of its effect through implication, and the films most charged scenes, whether violent or sexual, are actually quite restrained in what is actually shown on-screen.  But like \\"Pulp Fiction,\\" the scenes are perhaps even more powerful for not showing exactly what happens, but by their implications.  In that sense, the entire movie is an implication, a set-up for future stories (there are other \\"Ripley\\" stories) involving our favorite murderous impersonator.  I hope that Hollywood can pull it together to make another installment with Damon as the lead -- he nails it.
6305268843|4.0|This film is strictly a modern romance with people dressed in period clothes.  As such it works. But it's not for viewers who want any kind of historic accuracy.  <br />The entire plot hinges on a Victorian man with a wife in a years-long coma who wants an heir. He hires a woman he doesn't know as a surrogate mother.  In reality there was always _someone_, some nephew or cousin, legally in line to be the heir.  Many Victorians were satisfied with maintaining an avuncular relationship without formal adoption.  However, when a Victorian couple did want to formally adopt an heir--which was sometimes the case--there was usually some relative with several children who was willing to give one child the considerable financial and social advantages provided by such adoption.  Unless disreputable, the parents were allowed to maintain contact with the child.  <br />However, adoption was the resort of a married couple who had entirely given up hope of normal procreation.  A man who was unmarried, or whose wife seemed likely to die, would generally prefer to marry or remarry and would anticipate children from that marriage.  Victorian medical technology was, as far as I know, incapapable of sustaining someone in a coma for years.  In reality, the wife in _Firelight_ would soon die and her husband would be able to remarry.<br />And, the heir in the film was female.  An heir had to be male to inherit a title or an entailed estate, and was always male by preference anyway.  Wealthy couples who produced only one daughter--or several in a row--would keep on trying for a son.<br />Other problems included a man with a mistress bringing her openly to a house/Christmas party attended by &quot;respectable&quot; women and couples. Women known to be courtesans, kept mistresses, or adulteresses were not invited to &quot;nice&quot; private homes or permitted to associate with respectable women and children.  A lack of morals was viewed as somehow contagious.  Everybody--even respectable women--knew that some men had mistresses, saw noted courtesans at the opera, and saw prostitutes working the streets. But what Victorians did, and what they admitted to, were two different things.<br />Maybe I'm being particular. But for anyone whose enjoyment of a film would be spoiled by the unbelieveableness of its basic premise and some less important details--well, I'm warning you.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Once again the master genius of Joss Whedon shines thru with Firefly!  Superb attention to character developement and story arcs are what keeps his fans coming back.  There's more to these dvd's than just a stand alone episodes!  Joss being able to take his viewers from one end of the emotional spectrum to the other with humor offer his audience more than tv's canned comedies and reality shows ever can. These are for ppl who want to be entertained while getting a good mind stretch at the same time, jokes are not laid right out there for you and noone is telling you when to laugh!  Even people who are not Buffy and Angel fans will love this new genre that's been opened up for us.  I love my set so much I have a hard time loaning it out to ppl even though I want to spread the word. I plan on buying a set to be just for loaning out!
0790729601|5.0|This movie is awesome!!! Starring Ahnold as an adventurous U.S. Marshall he is assigned to protect a female witness to an illegal arms deal between a U.S. business and Russian mafia terrorists and the witness and Ahnold are the targets for assassination by the corrupt federal marshalls taking part in the arms deal. The arms shoot rounds of aluminum near the speed of light. California's governor once again hits another home run with awesome acting and incredible special effects. Go and see this movie today!!!
6305508550|5.0|It's very abnormal for a movie made by Mike Judge with Jennifer Aniston as a co-star to be so profound, but this movie manages to define and brilliantly satirize day to day life for all of us who don't really get any satisfaction from our work.  From buzzword-dropping tech yuppies, to waitresses, to construction workers, Office Space captures the dull, clock-watching doldrums of work for millions of us.  <br />The movie portrays Peter, a software engineer who couldn't care less about his job (it takes place in 1999 and he's updating bank software for Y-2k) and considers himself a wimp because he always just takes things-from his cheating girlfriend coercing him into skipping poker night to his condescending jerk of a boss asking him to \\"go ahead and come in on Sunday too\\".  He undergoes \\"occupational hypnotherapy\\" to help him cope with work, and in a twist of events, Peter is permanently caught in a trance in which he loses all inhibitions about his job-and everything else.  This is where the movie begins to express its brilliance in satire.  Peter is in a trance, but this \\"altered state\\" really makes him just be himself and to be assertive instead of just conforming and caving in.  He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).  Peter inspires everyone around him through his own form of civil disobedience-skipping work, dissing his corporate douche of a boss Lumburg (yeaaaahh...that'd be greaeet), and gets promoted for it, while his conforming buddies lose their jobs in a downsize.  They also come up with a scheme to rip off the company which goes wrong-but the plot of this film is rather arbitrary.  The great thing about the film is that it sums up our lives for millions of people who crank out their 8 hour days and dread the next, living for the weekend and hoping they don't have to work extra.  It captures all characters from the various workplaces, from the condescendingp buzz-word uttering corporate boss, to the patronizing restaurant manager, to the overly enthusiastic sleazy waiter, the office gossip, the weird guy, and the sugary sweet cheery girl who says things like \\"a case of the Mondays\\", the movie has them all.   <br />Throughout the film, comic relief is offered by Peter's mullet-haired, beer drinkin' construction worker of a neighbor, who seems to be the only person in the movie who really has things figured out.  He loves his life, because he gets to work outside and feels no real obligation to his \\"career\\".  This is another brilliant satirical point of the movie-the one character who is happy with his life is the one that most white collar people are quick to ridicule-the \\"uneducated manual laborer\\".  Lawrence is absolutely hillarious and makes the movie for me.  \\"Hey Peter man!  Check out channel 9, it's the breast exam!  Whhoo hooo!\\"<br />In the end, Peter realizes that his dreams in life have absolutely nothing to do with what he does for a job, or what his \\"social status\\" is.  As far as work goes-he dreams of doing nothing (or as close to it as he can so long as the bills get paid).  He ends up working with Lawrence and hitching up with Aniston-and a happy man.  <br />In America too many people are obsessed with their careers, their houses, their cars, and all the other crap that really doesn't matter if you have a miserable existence.  Office Space reminds us that there is an alternative-and that is what makes it so great.
B000002GB9|5.0|This album takes you through a wonderful musical journey.<BR>Beautiful melodies by Tommy Shaw and the sweet harmonies from Dennis De Young, both great on lead and backing vocals.<BR>Styx is the best  musical  rock band of all time!!!<BR>The gel on this album of 'dreamy' keyboards/vocals from De Young, and Shaw's lullaby vocals,together with 'fireworks' guitar solos from both Tommy and James Young makes this album one best rock album ever.<BR> Man in the wilderness,Castle Walls, Fooling yourself and Come sail away are highly inspirational songs.Tommy Shaw molded Styx into a classic band and proved to be the perfect partner to De Young, though it's a pity De Young wanted 'commercial' change and the band 'sucked' after  their 1979 Cornerstone album.Other classic Styx albums are Crystal Ball, Pieces of eight and Cornerstone.
B00000DG1R|1.0|this piece of crappy plastic can be used as a coaster by your kids or you can use it to rest your beer glass on the table.the music on this stupid album is a real stinker with moronic and pointless songs like notorious and wild boys from these awful talentless new wave dance band who thankfully disbanded fifteen years back.chuck this in your garbage bin right now and i mean now,now,now,now,now.minus 100 stars.avoid
B0002DRDBE|5.0|Being a *huge* Kevin Smith fan, I felt the need to list the specs of this highly anticipitated special edition...<br />Disc One: The 93-minute theatrical cut in anamorphic widescreen (from a new HD transfer of the 16mm interpositive, supervised by DP Dave Klein), all-new DD5.1 remix (supervised by producer Scott Mosier and completed at Skywalker Sound), original commentary track from the previous Clerks release. <br />Disc Two: The 103-minute initial cut (from a video source) screened at the IFFM, all-new audio/video commentary track (with Kevin Smith, Scott, Jeff Anderson, Brian O'Halloran and Jason Mewes). <br />Disc Three: \\"The Snowball Effect: The Story of Clerks\\" 95-minute documentary, newly-animated \\"Lost Scene\\" short, new video intros, audition tapes, Clerks trivia track, \\"Mae Day: The Crumbling of a Documentary\\" student film project, Arclight Cinemas 10th anniversary Q&A, MTV's Jay and Silent Bob shorts (!), \\"The Flying Car\\" short from The Tonight Show, extensive still gallery, theatrical trailer, \\"Can't Even Tell\\" music video, 168-page original first draft screenplay, Kevin's 'Clerks' Journal, Kevin's 'Sundance' Journal, original IFFM program note, original 1994 Sundance Film Festival program note, lots of print articles (Peter Broderick's \\"The ABC's of No-Budget Filmmaking\\" that inspired Kevin, Peter Broderick's \\"Learning from Low-Budgets\\" which cited Clerks a year later, Amy Taubin's 1991 Village Voice article on the IFFM and Slacker, Amy Taubin's 1993 Village Voice article on the IFFM and Clerks, Janet Maslin's 1994 New York Times Clerks review, \\"The Odd Couple: Sundance 1994\\" chapter from John Pierson's Spike Mike Reloaded) and a very cool booklet.
0374172897|4.0|I have to start by saying that Cunningham can write.  He writes very well.  Also, the book is an entertaining read.  There are some surprises here that you may not have heard about even with all the hooplah (barring seeing the movie of course- which I haven't, if that makes a difference).  Well-written, entertaining read...<BR>Pulitzer winner?<BR>From an award winner I expected more.  The novel's concept (format) which kind of seems like a borrowed gimmick somehow detracts from the overall experience.  The writing is so strong it doesn't need any attention-getters to prop it up. The pace was pretty quick throughout which didn't enable me to fully immerse myself.  Many more details are needed.  You can tell that Cunningham did a lot of research so apparently that's not the problem.  In a way, I almost feel like I only read half of a novel.
079073639X|3.0|Sphere is based on the book of the same name (very loosely, I might add) which is a novel-length science fiction version of H.G. Wells's short fantasy story The Man Who Could Work Miracles.  The movie contains a strong cast including Dustin Hoffman, Samuel L. Jackson and Sharon Stone.<br />A giant spaceship is found on the ocean floor under a thousand feet of water.  An old government report about how to deal with alien contact is put into service and a team is sent to investigate.  The three-hundred year old ship turns out to be American but it does contain an alien artifact in the form of a golden sphere.  The movie then borrows heavily form Forbidden Planet as the team interacts with the device and are set upon by monsters from the id.  Eventually three survivors with the power to work miracles and create monsters from the id decide to wish away their powers.<br />Aside from bearing little resemblance to the book this movie has some very major flaws.  Possible the largest is the translation program designed for talking to a supposed alien intelligence.  It involves a simple substitution cipher based on a spiral overlapping a qwerty keyboard.  A mistake is made so when the intelligence says its name is Jerry it should read Larry.  For some reason all of the other Ls and Js translate normally and even when the intelligence says to stop calling it Jerry it shows up as Jerry with no incorrect substitutions.  I would have preferred the movie to end the same way the book did with two survivors and the female character only pretending to wish away her powers but that was not to be.<br />From the original trailers I knew the movie would vary greatly from the book so this was not a real disappointment.  Therefore I was able to actually enjoy the film for what it was (mistakes and all).  It is sort of like watching the original film version of The Shining where you had a good book and a decent movie and only superficial resemblances between the two.  But I really did enjoySphere and you might, too.
B0000035E7|4.0|One day, I traded AFI's Sing The Sorrow to my friend (I don't like that CD anymore) for Nirvana's Bleach. I am proud to say that my friend (who really isn't my friend) got ripped off. This CD is 10x better than AFI's.<br />This is a really grungy record, and it might not be everybody's cup of tea (lots of feedback and distortion envelop most of the songs). And it was recorded for 600 dollars, but it sounds like the best that 600 dollars can buy. To new Nirvana fans, I would recommend buying Nevermind or the greatest hits collection first. I would even go far to say that you should buy this CD last. <br />Even if it isn't their best, nor their most listenable (the same could be said for In Utero [a classic] or From The Muddy Banks Of The Wishka [a sub-par album]), it is MY favorite Nirvana CD. I must admit, I like them more when they are sloppy and laid back than when they are souped up with glossy production. Kurt Cobain's guitar playing has never been louder and sloppier, and his singing voice isn't always on key, but thats what I like about it. Krist Novoselic's bass is thick and boomy, just the way it should be. Chad Channing....he is no Dave Grohl, and compared to Dave, he sucks. But he hits those skins hard, and it suits the music well.<br />My favorite songs on this album are Floyd The Barber, School, and Negative Creep.<br />Overall, if you like grunge, or are a big fan of Nirvana, you will love this CD. Newcomers and non-believers, look elsewhere.
B00000K0EA|3.0|The movie playing last week was As a longtime James Bond fan I had to see Tomorrow Never Dies, or James Bond versus Jonathan Price.<br />A communications mogul (Price) sets up a communications satellite monopoly, which, unlike DeBeers and other monopolies, is allowed to operate in the United States.  To further his power, Price is creating news and having the stories ready as the news happens.  His ultimate goal is to start World War III and control all communications afterwards.  He will do this by using his armada of communications satellites which will broadcast to a dying world where electromagnetic pulses have rendered televisions inoperable.  Oh, I guess he didn't think far enough ahead.<br />Utilizing the common man's (or should I say scriptwriter's) lack of understanding Geo-Positional Satellites (GPS) he convinces a warship that it is in neutral territory and not in Chinese-controlled waters.  Then, utilizing a stealth boat made possible by the theft of some stealth skin (you know, that ultra expensive stuff that becomes completely useless if it gets even slightly damp) and steals a cruise missile.  Bond is aided by a Chinese agent (Michelle Yeoh) and they go to Viet Nam where the sunken ship is (oh, didn't they say it was sunk in Chinese waters?).  There they confront many bad guys and helicopters that can hover sideways and whose blades can repeatedly chop through buildings with no bad effects.<br />OK, so the plot, if it can be called that, has a few problems.  But it is an action film and plots in action films have less importance than how far the hero can fall.  The bad plot is not necessarily because Ian Fleming did not write the story.  After all, he did write DOCTOR NO about the madman trying to corner the guano market (the studio gave the madman nuclear capabilities and cut the guano completely from the story).  But the movie is fun, nonetheless, with many great lines.  While I can't say much for the new Moneypenny, the new M is fantastic.
B00005R1N3|5.0|It was the night before Christmas and all through the house a creature was sturring, sound scary wait till you see the movie, creepy phone calls, a dark emety house and one crazy psycho set the stage for maby the scarest film I've ever sean, the movie was veary orginal and inavative, it holds it's own agenst any horror film.<BR>If this movie doesn't make your skin crawl, it's on too tight!
0783225849|5.0|Hitch could make anything scary, add to that something that's already scary, and you've got a classic, the film is almost perfect, the score, the acting, the story it's all classic, underated by horror fans, overrated by critcis, this film is amazing in more ways then one and with out it most horror films I love today wouldn't be around, a must see.
B00009UW0N|5.0|This is along with Black Christmas the scarest movie I've ever sean, the score is great, the acting is great, Mickheal Myers is one of the scarest things in the horror world, a must see.
B00008OLYN|5.0|This album is such an amazing work. It transcends the metal to light rock gap. Opeth has found a way to create their own genre progressive/ambient light rock. Their entrancing musicality is not lost in their transition to a lighter sound, it is however embraced in this album. Each song on this album is a masterpiece. Every turn the songs take is something that you as a listener will never expect, but it is the perfect addition to the musical direction of each piece. Michael Akerfeldt's (guitairs/Vocals) song writting is astounding, the origionality of this album gives it a sound all its own, and Steven Wilson's (producer) influence is felt in the abience of the album. It is one of the most soothing and awe inspiring cd's i've ever heard or owned the sheer genius of the band and all involved can be felt in every track. It is a must for any musical collection.
B0001NBMBC|4.0|I am a huge slipknot fan, their first two cd's were great, but it seems that Corey Taylor and Jim Root's recent escapade making teh band Stone Sour has rubbed off on this album. Slipknot has tried something that seems crazy even for them. There are (three if memory serves) accoustic tracks. Mind you amongst those richly melodical sounds there are still tracks of slipknot's great, hard, ultra-metal sound. This cd is nowhere near as hard as Iowa was, and seems at times more like a Stone Sour album rather than slipknot, but hopefully it will serve as a way for pop-soft rock oriented people to appriciate metal, and vice versa. <BR>Though this album supprised me on my first listen, it can not be disregarded as a good cd, all the elements of metal, and pop-rock are there, (though they are two genres that can rarely mix)and is definetly worth a good listen.
B000002HPV|5.0|Bj&ouml;rk just gets better and better. &quot;Homogenic&quot; (apparently it's another term for &quot;homozygous&quot;) reverberates throughout with amazing electronic sounds, strings, piano, and Bj&ouml;rk's ever ethereal voice. It's arguably her best, tightest, and darkest album to date. Her two previous CDs &quot;Debut&quot; and &quot;Post&quot; had a more eclectic feeling to them (just a few examples are &quot;Like Someone in Love&quot;, &quot;The Anchor Song&quot;, and &quot;It's Oh so Quiet&quot;). This CD moves away from the relative eclecticism of her previous discs and strives for a more consistent sound throughout. Keyboards with low, low registers rattle inside your head and strings soar beautifully behind slow meccanic beats. It is probably less danceable overall than her previous two CDs (there's nothing as driving as Post's &quot;Enjoy&quot; or &quot;Army of Me&quot; here), and is more in the category of music &quot;to be listened to&quot;. Each Bj&ouml;rk album is a new experience, and this one carries on the tradition (as does its follow-up). &quot;Hunter&quot; opens the CD on an amazing and somewhat disturbing note. Bj&ouml;rk's voice almost sounds a little sinister in places, especially on the lines: &quot;You could smell it / so you left me on my own / to complete the mission / now I'm leaving it all behind&quot;. &quot;Bachelorette&quot; thumps into existence with its unforgettable opening piano riff. Listeners who aren't sure about Bj&ouml;rk in general will likely make up their minds on the strength of this song alone. Bj&ouml;rk continues to develop in interesting ways. She's not allowing herself to be typecast and buried in one musical style. One could argue she's getting weirder, but if the results are CDs of this quality, then just keep on getting weirder and weirder, Bj&ouml;rk. Speaking of weird, this may be Bj&ouml;rk's best cover art. The Princess Leia hair on steroids is a great touch. Actually, her covers are also getting stranger and stranger - hmmmmm...
B0000AI44Q|2.0|As a longtime Neil Young fan, it pains me to tell you (and I'll prob get slammed for this) that this album is not the brilliant album so many reviewers here have described, but a shockingly mediocre, overly long album that is really a case of &quot;the emperor is wearing no clothes&quot;.<br />Concept albums like &quot;Tommy&quot; and &quot;The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway&quot; are a rarity these days. Neil brings us songs about &quot;Greendale&quot; (10 tracks, 78 min.), a fictional small town of about 20,000 people. Neil is so focused on the story-telling that he seems to have forgotten about the music. I can honestly say there is not a single track that &quot;grabbed&quot; me, purely from the musical perspective. Not a lot of tempo changes either: all the songs are mid-tempo (at best), where's the passion? Sometimes you just wish that he'd up the tempo and blast you away, but alas. The songs go from one to another and after a while it all starts to sound the same. Not to mention that this is a long, long, long labor. With just 10 tracks in 78 min, that's averaging about 8 min. per song. &quot;Granpa's Interview&quot; just goes on and on and on, for 12+ min, with no changes to speak of, whew!<br />The bonus DVD (here the St. Vicar, Ireland gig of Neil solo, in a later reissue the &quot;Greendale&quot; movie Neil shot with amateur actors) is a nice touch. Too bad the music simply isn't up to par.
B00003CXSP|2.0|When Thomas Harris wrote Hannibal, it was a safe bet that a film wouldn't be far along.  Silence of the Lambs director Jonathan Demme and star Jodie Foster declined to take part in Hannibal claiming they found the story distasteful; so director Ridley Scott (Black Hawk Down, Gladiator, Alien) and actress Julianne Moore (replacing Foster as FBI Agent Clarice Starling) were brought into this disappointing follow up.  Hannibal Lecter (Anthony Hopkins reprising his Oscar winning role), now living the life of luxury in Italy, finds himself on the run from Mason Verger (an unrecognizeable and uncredited Gary Oldman), a former patient who at Hannibal's advice peeled off part of his face.  Meanwhile, Clarice finds her career on the downward spiral as she as used as bait by Verger to lure Lecter out of hiding.  The suspense can't hold up to that of Silence of the Lambs (movie or book that is) and Scott's direction, even though he gives it his own slick look, is disappointing.  Moore, as good an actress as she is, can't hold a candle to Jodie Foster as we find the once strong willed but vulnerable Clarice be more of a victim here than anything else.  Finally, Hopkins just isn't scary anymore as Hannibal &quot;The Cannibal&quot; Lecter.  That alone is probably the worst part of the film, and while Hannibal isn't necessarily bad, it's one of the most disappointing films to be released over the past few years.  The cast also includes Francesca Neri, Frankie Faison, and Ray Liotta in the film's most infamous scene.
B00005MNP7|4.0|Original released in Fall of 1979, &quot;Eat to the Beat&quot; is one of the 2 truly essential Blondie albums (the other one being 1978's &quot;Parallel Lines&quot;), and the last good Blondie album, period, with hardly a bad track on it.<br />&quot;Eat tot the Beat&quot; (16 tracks, 59 min.) starts off with its best song, the blockbuster hit &quot;Dreaming&quot;. The musical direction on the album is all over the place, from punk-ish to new wave to reggae (on the great &quot;Die Young Stay Pretty&quot;), but ultimately the band at this point is a great pop band. Other outstanding tracks include &quot;The Hardest Part&quot;, &quot;Atomic&quot; (great fusion of rock and disco), and &quot;Accidents Never Happen&quot;. The album lags towards the end (the last 3 tracks are mediocre).<br />The bonus tracks on this reissue (with nice remastered sound) are a very nice addition: a smoking live version of &quot;Die Young Stay Pretty&quot; (recorded on 12-31-79, with Debbie announcing toungue-in-cheeck &quot;Good evening from Radio Blondie, congratulations, you've made it through the 1970s&quot;, haha!), the Holland-Dozier-Holland cover &quot;Seven Rooms of Gloom&quot; (from that same show), the Bowie cover &quot;Heroes&quot; (done surprisingly effective), and the Cash cover &quot;Ring of Fire&quot; but with a decidedly Blondie-country twang, truly outstanding!<br />I saw Blondie in concert last month for the first time in 25 years, and was really surprised how good they sounded still, and by golly, Debbie sure does not show her age. &quot;Stay Pretty&quot; indeed!
B00009P1OD|5.0|On the inside liner notes to the album, the band writes, \\"With this album, we dedicate ourselves, our futures and our energies to the people of the revolution ... And the revolution in all its forms.\\" (I think the band changed its original name from Chicago Transit Authority to Chicago because the real Chicago Transit Authority, which actually operated trains and busses, didn't want their name attached to such a radical band!) From there on out, Chicago slowly drifted into assaulting us with lighter pop music. Such is life!    But Chicago I (actually \\"Chicago Transit Authority\\") and Chicago II (actually named just \\"Chicago\\") are both rock masterpieces, blending rock and horn driven jazz into a perfect union. \\"CTA\\" is a pure rock album, with a dominating base line, somewhat distorted guitar, some really great drum work, with the horns being used for ambience like a synthesizer or for punctuation.    With Chicago II, the band shows amazing growth as composers and musicians. The horns and woodwinds are allowed to take the lead, the music is easier listening, and the band braves soft rock classis such as \\"Colour My World\\" and \\"Wake Up Sunshine,\\" and the jazzy \\"Fancy Colours.\\"  But, the album also contains some great rock, including the FM/AOR staple \\"25 Or 6 To 4.\\"    Unlike many albums, this album is not simply a collection of singles, and contains three extended suites, including two with titles, \\"Ballet for a Girl in Buchannon\\" and \\"It Better End Soon,\\" and one group of songs including \\"Prelude,\\" \\"AM Mourning,\\" \\"PM Mourning,\\" and Memories of Love.\\"  Each is in a very different style.  The \\"Ballet\\" is the best known section, containing mostly soft rock ballads of the type which would become Chicago's forte in later albums.  \\"It Better End Soon\\" contains some hard core jazz, while the \\"Mourning\\" suite is virtually a classical piece of music.  It does take an eclectic and varied taste in music to enjoy the entire album.     Why Buy the DVD-Audio? When the CD format wasreleased, it was marketed as being perfectly true to the original master tapes. No skips, no record noise, no wow and flutter, and perfectly flat from the lowest notes to the highest notes a human can hear. What we got was 20 years of music which was synthesized, mechanical, cold, brittle, dry and fatigue inducing. CDs simply don't contain enough data to get the sound right. DVD-Audio (and SACDs which go back to the master tape) fix this problem. In addition, instead of two tracks, this DVD contains 5.1 channels of Dolby Digital music which can be played on all DVD players as well as higher resolution stereo and surround tracks for a DVD Audio player. You get to sit in the middle of the band. And the sound is marvelous. An A/B comparison with the CD reveals a midrange which is cleaned up immeasurably. This album contains real live horns and woodwinds. The brass sounds like brass instead of tin, and the vocals sound human instead of like a clock radio. Well worth the price of admission.
0767805712|4.0|This movie reminded me most of Aldous Huxley's famous novel: Brave New World. This book is about how your genes make you what you are in life.<br />The same happens in this movie. Ethan Hawke is born a degenerate, someone born only through his parents without any interference. His brother however was 'crafted'. He has a heart condition which should have killed him but he is still alive. His dream is to get into space and he therefore takes on the identity of someone who is capable of going into space but is crippled. Through DNA tricks he tries to but gets involved in a murder scandal.<br />The movie has no special effects and does not need them. It's a murder mystery in the not too distant future. As mentioned before the book Brave New World comes to mind but also the movie 'AI' in its cleverness and 'Blade Runner' in it's artistic sense, even a little 'Brazil'.<br />Don't expect CGI's or fancy SF stuff but a good story.
B000001FMC|4.0|Not as sophistcated as the follow up &quot;Kaliedoscope World&quot; but simply an outstanding debut, fully demonstrating Swing Out Sisters' potential.  The first single &quot;Breakout&quot; (an unforgettable catchy pop number at the time) is only the tip of the iceberg...the title best suits the album, after &quot;Breakout&quot; it does get better and better.  <br />This release may seem over-produced at times, but who honestly cares?  It's not hard to tell Swing Out Sister visioned the music itself to be atmospheric, and anything less would have not have made so much of an impact as it did (at the time).  And about the music...a mixture of smooth vocals, modern jazz, eighties electro-pop, and r&amp;b...with an ambience of orchestration...clearly the middle ground between great eighties musicians and producers at the time such as &quot;The Manhattan Transfer&quot; and &quot;Jimmy Jam &amp; Terry Lewis&quot;.<br />I won't specifically describe each track, because that will be spoiling what can be heard, and basically a waste of time, if u can just listen to it...but the standout tracks are &quot;Twighlight World&quot;, &quot;Surrender&quot; (not to mention, for having such an outstanding bass line), &quot;Communion&quot;, &quot;Theme...from It's Better To Travel&quot; (the album's shocker proving Swing Out Sister is not just a pop-act and certainly no &quot;one&quot; or &quot;two-hit wonder&quot;)...and of course &quot;Breakout&quot;.<br />I will admit...having this on vinyl I prefer, over the cd...it seems so many classic albums these days are re-mastered with an unnecessary excess of remixes...i could never understand the point of this, because i feel the albums stand alone better without the remixes.
B00008YJH5|5.0|This band did everything before anyone else.  In the late eighties they rocked the casbah with surfer rosa, their second album.  There is so much original young talent in this band that comes through, fifteen years later i love listening to them, they never soured like REM or Janes addiction, they just broke up.  They have an edgy punk sound without going over the edge that sonic youth goes over, they can still be appreciated by the masses.  I am one of millions that would agree, they have a huge cultlike following and are defacto foundation layers of riffy, innovative, catchy and sometimes funny / unusual...it helps if you speak spanish as every now and then they will sing in spanish (seldom)...
B000001FKY|5.0|Great album,one of best album of def leppard.splendid music very picturesque like album.<BR>i hate those elements don't appreciate this cd,this cd is the best of 80'years.i love in a fanatic manner this work.i turn to fishhead def leppard after Pyromania are not more that hateful metal but hard rock.<BR>Remember it and try to say less bad things.<BR>Excellent work again
1573229725|5.0|Really excellent read...told in the true Victorian style with a penchant for descriptions and a strong ability to conjure up a scene and create memorable characters.<br />Try it as well as Tipping the Velvet...
0385510438|3.0|Grisham tries to mix his two styles here.  He made his start with the fast-paced thrillers and has spent his last few novels telling stories (A Painted House, Bleachers).<br />In &quot;The Last Juror&quot;, Grisham tells the story of Willie Traynor and his exploits as the young owner of a newspaper in Clanton in the 1970's.  He mixes in a little thriller spice when a murderer gets paroled and the members of the jury that convicted him start getting murdered as well.<br />It was a decent read, but not what I was expecting.  If you want a fast-paced thriller, pick another book.  If you liked &quot;A Painted House&quot; or &quot;Bleachers&quot; this is a worthwhile book to read.
B00005JLWN|5.0|Although this movie did not advertise much (due to funds) it was definitely worth the 6.50. Some people may think it is a rip off of the ideology of the Matrix but I beg to differ. Some ways of fighting may seem so but it is completely different. Now, don't get my wrong, I love the Matrix movies but Equilibrium brings raw hand to hand combat without the high tech, high speed motion cameras and effects. The main character, part of the elites, who is employed to stop the rebels learns first hand at what he has been missing when his emotions are first felt. The concept of the movie itself is different. The idea of the movie is about emotions and how they effect the world and why &quot;they should be eliminated.&quot; Along with good fighting scenes and a bit of humor this movie is worth watching buying.
0451167716|4.0|DO NOT BUY THE SIGNET 30TH ANNIVERSARY EDITION OF THIS NOVEL. The novel deserves so much better than the shoddy, distracting proofreading in this edition. I held off on reading the novel because I figured I'd seen the movie &amp; that was enough. Boy was I wrong. It's brilliant. It's masterful. It's incredibly entertaining.
B00007L4OM|4.0|This is a very fun action comedy that throws together a father and daughter that didn't know each other existed.  Style, culture clash, humor, and fast paced action are what make this work, as well as some fine performances.
B0001NBMBC|5.0|This is Slipknot more consistent album. All the songs are well structured, and each one has something for everybody. It doesn't sound disparate as the self titled debut, neither is a wall of noise like Iowa,; This is just classic metal done good. Anyone trying to understand the new direction of Slipknot should see a live performance from one of the new songs. I for one watched them play &quot;Duality&quot; on Jay Leno and what I saw was a band on the peak of their career. Slipknot has found their voice and it sound like nothing more than good old heavy metal.
B00005ATZT|5.0|This is one of the best-crafted action/suspense films I've ever seen. I've viewed this many many times and have been rewarded each time by picking up on different subtle nuances.<br />Every element of this film works in unison and are what make this a great film and give it the punch that it has. There's the story which is as finely crafted as they get, a cast that couldn't have been any better (and boy do the actors deliver in their performances), tight pacing, great photography, and some unbelievable effects.<br />This is a modern masterpiece!
B000002J0B|4.0|How can you follow up an album like IV, as well as perhaps one of the greatest musical streaks in rock history? A band can only top themselves for so long, so instead of trying to follow the rock/folk/blues etc. formula they had used for the first four albums, they stepped back and decided to try something different. The resulting album is not as solid as their previous efforts, but is still damn good to say the least.<br />&quot;The Song Remains the Same&quot; is an awesome opener, but how many guitar overdubs did Page really need to put in there? Otherwise flawless.<br />&quot;The Rain Song&quot; shows a real growth and departure for the band in a musical sense. They get backing from an orchestra and make it work.<br />&quot;Over the Hills and Far Away&quot; More like some of their earlier material, a great song with an accoustic start that morphs into a rocker.<br />&quot;The Crunge&quot; Irritating and confusing until one realizes that it's really just a parody of James Brown. Led Zeppelin did have a sense of humor, after all.<br />&quot;Dancing Days&quot; A sub-par attempt on the part of the band, it sounds like all the energy and emotion has been sucked out of them when you listen to it.<br />&quot;D'yer Mak'er&quot; Another example of Zep showing their sense of humor, a reggae-flavored track that seems bizzare coming from them but nevertheless is quite catchy. <br />&quot;No Quarter&quot; I've tried really hard to get this song, but I just don't. After their forays into soul and reggae, it seems that they decided to take a crack at some Floyd-esque material. Sometimes change isn't a good thing.<br />&quot;The Ocean&quot; Makes up for the few sub-par songs on the album. Page really pulls out all the stops. One of my favorite Zeppelin songs.<br />Overall, it's not their best, but it's definitely more eclectic than their previous albums. Still beats the hell out of the best albums of a bunch of other rock groups.
B00003CX9W|3.0|Despite how long Fantasia has been out I just watched it the other day and I was quite disapointed. I didnt know what to expect when I watched it but I kinda thought it would be more of a cartoon with a story line. I did not care for the orchistra in it, it got old after a while. I watched the VHS version and the video quality was not all that great. I dont really know how to put it but it was just a blah blah movie to me, the animation was great at some parts while at others it was just boring and it got very old after a while. well thats what I think about it, if you like classical music and no talking throughout the whole movie and a very strange plot, the you will prob like it a little better than I did.
B0001NBMBC|5.0|This is my second review of the album, but I feel its neccisary. First of all, I'd like to praise Jordan Moore. I had come back to this page to write this review and nothing more, but I read his and he took some of the words right out of my mouth. So thanks for making my life easier. <br />Anyway, in my first review I had bashed all the morons who hated the album, so I feel that I should give some constructive criticizm. Althought this album is the best, it also is the most flawed. The mellow, upbeat acoustic songs are good, but they simply don't fit. They are opposites of the message and feeling that Slipknot portrayed in all of their other material. They don't relate to the other songs in any way, so they disrupt the continuity. Second of all, Corey Taylor needs to improve his screaming. They are quite hoarse, which might just be because his vocal cords are taking too much abuse, but I don't think so. He isn't putting as much emotion or energy into his screams as he used to, and it seems like its just filler at times. <br />However, they must keep the higher level of talent and complexity that was on this album. These improvements are what made this album my favorite. If they correct the flaws I mentioned, maintain the complexity, and continue to show their talent on the new level that was unveiled in Vol. 3, the releases to come should be phenominal.
B00004Z459|5.0|5/5 5/5 5/5<BR>Attention! This is hands-down 1 of the best Albums ever. Incredible. ever song is headbanging and awesome. This Is the New Hip-Hop. Nu-Metal They call it. Wow! These Boys Got talent......Best Song EVERY SONG
B000009HF2|1.0|this should be called &quot;frampton comes crappy&quot;. lame! buy some rush rut ragoo flo,
B00008H2LB|5.0|O My F***kin God. This music at its best. L.P Is my 2nd favorate rock group of all time. Even Though I Like Hybrid Therory Better its awsome. best song LYIN FROM YOU
B000088E6D|2.0|I think he's got a real nice voice and the selection of songs in this album is good but I just think that he didn't really make the songs his... for example The Way You Look Tonight is a total copycat of Sinatra's ... and you know whoever goes against Frank LOSES MISERABLY...<br />So nice effort to bring old classics to the new generations but it's definitely NOT- and I repeat NOT anything like the originals... and this comes from a 23 year-old...
B000002L5I|4.0|It is so great to hear a talent like this is rising through the scene.  He is so young and so talented!  Love the sound.  If you get a chance to see him live don't walk....RUN!!!  I saw SRV twice and this guy's fingers burn on that guitar.  Keep up the great work Kenny Wayne.  We need your music!!
B0001MDP3G|5.0|I recommend this flick for anyone.  While the main theme is the love story, the journey that both Inman and Ada take to get back to one another is riveting.  Look for small roles with Natalie Portman & Philip Seymour Hoffman, understated yet eloquent.  Added this flick to my 'All-Time Faves.'
B000056K04|4.0|My favorite album is CRASH but this one has many killer tunes.<br />&quot;So Right&quot; and &quot;Mother Father&quot; (w/ Carlos Santana) just blew me away. I can't wait to see them live again this summer.  This unique band is even better in concert!
B0000CABBW|4.0|I liked Whale Rider as it depicts some of the cultural mores of the Maori people. While simplistic and sometimes slow, the movie does take you on a journey in a girl's life that otherwise would be left for the guys--soon to be men. While the premise of woman doing what a man should do in Maori customs seemed a bit Americanish to me...maybe this indeed is part of the changing culture of the Maori. What made up for this one aspect was the dance and tribal painting, and the whale lore...I recommend this movie to anyone who loves animals and is interested in seeing how other cultures live in the present.
0312117337|5.0|I've picked up the Zen Tarot numerous times in the last few years, mainly to understand what is going on in my life, what attitude would serve me when confronted with unknown situations and unpredictable people ... <BR>I was first exposed to it in a virtual Dream Work class where we conclude every dream with a &quot;reading&quot; from Osho (or Rumi). What I most appreciate is the clarity and humor in this guidance. I've laughed a lot and always recognized ego's expressions in the material world. Anyone ready to grow and change will tremendously benefit from this. The illustrations by Ma Deva Padma are simply divine. Enjoy.
B00013F38K|5.0|You get the 90 min movie that started it all PLUS the first 15 shows! The quality is awesome and I love the letterbox aspect ratio. This series is even better than I remembered it. David Carradine is so good as the humble, wandering Shaolin Priest Caine, who not only kicks people's asses, but teaches them moral and spiritual lessons as well. Flashbacks to the Shaolin Temple and Caine's early training with the Masters are a recurring feature that set this show apart from all others.
B00006LLNU|5.0|This album is simply amazing.  Powerful and overwhelming.  A fantastic trip.
B000096I9G|5.0|Ok, First of all, I have this on DVD, and I would have to say that it was ALOT better than I thought it would be, I was already a Huge Cure fan Before I seen this DVD, But after seeing them play live for the first time, When I first watched this, I was blown away, I really didnt know The Cure was anything like this, I didnt know that Robert Cussed, I didnt know They could get that Dark, Heavy and Crazy, I didnt even know that Robert Was actually that B.A. on Guitar, and I Loved It!, They have to be one of the greatest bands out there in My Opinion, They have been around for the longest time, and their still out there rocking. The sound quality on this DVD is amazing, its really good, and the picture, I like it alot, with all the lighting and movement with the music, it goes great with it, I love watching the &quot;Pornogrophy&quot; set, BloodFlowers is My Second Favorite, I Love that album, and Disintegration is really good too, but I'd have to say its My Least Favorite on This DVD, Its an awesome set, but It may be because I'm most familiar with that Album than I am the rest and I realized that its a little different, especially &quot;LoveSong&quot; I couldnt wait to hear that song when I put this DVD in for the first time, but It was too different. My Most favorite part on The DVD is prolly the Encore tho, it is SO AWESOME, they play a few songs off of &quot;Kiss Me, Kiss Me, Kiss Me&quot;, I Love &quot;The Kiss&quot; Part, Robert was Jamming on Guitar and Screaming Like Crazy, It Rules!. another part on the DVD that is cool is how they always zoom in on the keyboardest, He never moves, SomeTimes they zoom in on His face and He doesnt Blink, its sorta freaky sometimes, but its completly awesome, I recomend This DVD to any Cure fan, and anyone who has or hasnt seen them live, I love this DVD and watch it alot, I Can't Wait to see them in July (2004), its gonna rule!, Check This DVD out, it rules! (I've had it about 7 Months and watch it weekly)
B000002KHH|5.0|Black Sabbath's Paranoid album is not only the band's finest hour but also one of the best heavy metal albums ever produced. Although there were many great moments on their first five albums, Paranoid is their only release that is fantastic from beginning to end. Also worth noting is that Paranoid, with the exception of AC/DC's Back In Black, is the best album ever recorded where the songs are based on heavy memorable riffs.<br /><br />How great are the tracks here? Three of the greatest heavy metal songs ever, \\"War Pigs\\", \\"Iron Man\\", and the title track are all present here with the latter two being the band's only Top 100 hits. Lead singer Ozzy Osbourne still performs all of these songs regularly whether it's with his solo band or with Black Sabbath on the Ozzfest tours. \\"War Pigs\\" is arguably one of the greatest anti-war tracks recorded, which is astounding since these issues were typically touched on more by singer/songwriters like Bob Dylan and Neil Young than bands of their genre. \\"Iron Man\\" is still one of the coolest guitar riffs ever recorded and along with the title track still receives generous airplay on classic rock radio. Amazingly, the rest of the album is very strong as well. The tracks \\"Electric Funeral\\" and \\"Hand Of Doom\\" both feature slow memorable riffs in the chorus and verses and then go into killer jams during the middle of the track. The instrumental \\"Rat Salad\\" is also excellent, carried by Bill Ward's underrated energetic drumming. The heavy shuffle of \\"Fairies Wear Boots\\"  and the moody \\"Planet Caravan\\" are also great tracks. This is also their most influential album as Paranoid encouraged literally thousands of teenagers to pick up a guitar and later form heavy metal bands. You can still hear this influence in many of today's heavy bands like Staind and Disturbed. An essential album for all heavy metal fans. Highly recommended.
B00028HBKC|1.0|Some one needs to tell Mel that the voices he heard was more like cash registers ringing in his ears. Sick man making money and showing his version. Typical of a Hollywood actor trying to be cool with being \\"in\\".
B0001GOH6Q|5.0|Well, I guess I would say that this film is one small step for Burton but one large step for post-modernism in film.  (By post-modernism I refer to the reaction against the rationality, supremacy of facts, and simplified thinking of scientific modernist thinking.)  <br />It is true that the storyline was a bit choppy and that some characters were so flat I thought the breeze would knock them over.  HOWEVER, I was so enraptured by the film that I think that such criticisms (which are usually important to me) fall by the wayside. What Burton has done with this film is visionary and new. And, while it does have problems, I think that's maybe due to the fact that he's simply one of the first in a new frontier. <br />What's so new about this film?  Burton - using his already acknowledged unique genius - is the first director I've seen fully embrace and exploit many of the levels available in film for storytelling.  I've seen several other films that have taken shaky first steps into the post-modernist world - \\"Chocolat\\" challenged the norm as far as morals; \\"Magnolia\\" loaded itself with complexity, pain, and hard realities; Kaufman's \\"Adaptation\\" & \\"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind\\" pull out all the stops in screwing with the logic & chronology of the movie plot. <br />However, these forerunners in the post-modernist era fall short of what Burton accomplished. He takes you through Ed Bloom's unbelievable stories in a fantastical world that looks very similar to our own. But, rather than just let the entire story reside in this surreal realm, he challenges you to reconcile this realm with \\"the real world.\\" Did any of this happen? Was the old Ed Bloom ever like his very endearing younger self? Were these stories a cover-up for affairs that he had while gone? Was this man simply an egomaniac? <br />Your one ambassador in this mind-bending investigation is Ed Bloom's son, Will Bloom, because Will is the rational mind trying to separate fact from fiction. He says everything you would say if you were given the assignment to figure out who Ed Bloom was & what was true about him. (And because of the need for this son's character & the emotional complexity he brings to the storyline, I am willing to forgive some choppiness and unnaturally speedy character development.) <br />As you and the son investigate the facts behind the story, you find that you tire of the son & his investigations. Rather, you long for more of his father's adventures, which are full of unexpected people, Burton-esque places and understated intelligence. If Burton uses this boredom with reality like I think he is, then this is one example of his many-leveled approach to develop his attack on rationality. <br />Personally, I became a committed fan of the film when Will is interviewing Jessica Hill. Both her character & her story are well-done, but what she represents is a key to the puzzle; the unveiling of her character unveils the internal logic of Ed Bloom's world.  And I think what Burton introduces the audience to is somewhat akin to what Catholics call the mystique and mystery of God. I was very taken by this post-modernist exploration.
0425188809|5.0|I am taking this opportunity to review this book because I want everyone to know about it.  &quot;The Watchers&quot; is THE boook that got me started on Dean Koontz.  &quot;Lightning&quot; was next and I've been a fan ever since - hook, line, and sinker.  I just finished &quot;The Face.&quot;  It too ranks very high on my rather short list of favorite books.<br />I have given &quot;The Watchers&quot; to several friends and relatives and almost without excpeption they have become devoted DK fans also.  It is THAT powerful a book.  Try it - you'll like it!
B00007ELEL|5.0|I saw this when it came out and didn't get it. After Fargo, The Big L just seemed like a loser's mystery that never went anywhere. A year later my friends are cracking me up doing movie quotes and it helped me see it in a new light. The movie is hilarious! It's awkward at first because the Coens are messing with you, setting up expectations and constantly doing something else instead. Once you're in on the game, sit back, make a white russian, and let the funny happen.
0385507755|5.0|This fabulous book is truly one that I would reccommend to everyone. It is almost a response to Camus', &quot;We must imagine Sisyphus happy.&quot; This book details the process by which a drug addict stops the self-medication and begins living again. James Frey takes on the ultimate decision to live authentically by choosing to remain drug free. He becomes the embodiment of the 1940's existential explosion by being concious of his own responsibility in his existence. <br />This is one of the best books I have ever read...and I've read a lot of them.
B00004RFFS|5.0|this movie was absolutely wonderful. presently my best friend and I are in the middle of reading the book, and still love both equally, but we've noticed all the differences too. if you don't want to know what happens in the book, don't read this book, only know that both are wonderful. In the book, Louis has no wife and child, he is instead mourning the death of his younger brother, who he believes he murdered. He becomes a cold shell of a man...etc. then the movie continues correctly. Louis, as a vampire, falls in love with Babette Franiere, a mortal who runs a plantation not 5 miles from Point Du Lac, Louis's old plantation. he helps her, gives her advice from the shadows. she learns of his true form, and calls him the devil and shuns him from her home. the movie continues. Louis and Claudia leave for Europe, they find that Lestat has sired (to turn a human to a vampire) another. The movie continues, but Louis and Claudia search all of Europe for vampires, but mostly all that they find are mindless killing machines. they finally reach paris, where they find: Theatre des Vampires- a play of vampires posing as humans playing vampires. other than these few differences, the movie is almost exactly like the book. but even with these differences, both are by far some of the best vampire lore/stories i've read/seen ever.
0452282152|1.0|WOW,what an overrated work!!!! Frankly, I don't understand all the accolades.  There is not one original or interesting character in the book.  The author serves up every stereotypical family member imaginable; the talented and somewhat dysfunctional artist, the amazinlgly spoiled, vapid and selfish wife, the tough as nails wise old crone of a mother/mother-in-law with the obligatory heart of gold, the nasty little demon-child daugher, and the protagonist peasant girl who is superior in every way, mentally, morally and culturally to any of the other charcters, except perhaps the &quot;master&quot; who does her in the end with the post of an earring. It goes beyond laughable directly to the realm of Hollywood material.  <BR>If you aren't a very ciritical reader or if you are not familiar with Vermeer's works, this is up your ally but if you don't have much time on your hands and you want to read something of substance pass this one by.
B0001HAISG|1.0|Ok, I'll tell you straight up that this movie reeks. Peter Pan is awesome and everybody knows that-- what they don't know is that this movie is gross. For some reason the creators decided to make Peter Pan more effeminate than when he was played by Mary Martin. Seriously, if you turned Meg Ryan into a dumb little kid, you would get Peter.At the same time, they added in... romance? Forget that! Whatever romantic feelings there are between Peter and Wendy, they should be kept subtle, which they are not in this movie. They shack up in like the first twenty minutes. Barf. Tinkerbell was also decidedly lame, although I guess anything is better than having to watch Julia Roberts prance around dressed like a fairy. I will say that a lot of the imagery in this movie is interesting and well done, and some of the other (smaller) changes that were made were pretty cool. Hook was also pretty tight and so were the mermaids. However, whatever this movie had that was worth seeing was drastically overshadowed by Loser Pan and Wendy the Easy. The Croc was totally not scary and the Indians should have been way cooler, especially Tiger Lily, who is supposed to own. See it if you want to appreciate being middle-aged. The person from Thailand that reviewed this summed it up perfectly, read that review, too.
B0001AP12G|5.0|what more can i say about Kanye 2 da. The cd is a classic man, just hope he can make something even better next time, cant wait for the next one.
B000006045|5.0|This is, flat out, (in my opinion) the best album ever released. Massive Attack is an utterly awesome group, and by far the best Trip-Hop band out there. <BR>The album begins with some of the best songs ever created by any artist of any kind, starting with &quot;Angel&quot;, sung by Massive Attack's honorary member, Horace Andy. With his wonderfully haunting voice and the song's slow beats and humming bass, the song becomes dark, desolate, and completely otherworldly.<BR>The second song, &quot;Risingson&quot; is probably the best song Massive Attack has created. It's yet another dark song, filled with paranoia and doubt. I love it. <BR>The third track, &quot;Teardrop&quot; is one of my personal favorites. The song is sung by guest vocalist, Elizabeth Fraser of the Cocteau Twins. It's Ethereal, dreamy, and utterly wonderful.<BR>And, of course, there is &quot;Inertia Creeps&quot;. A truly great song and one of Massive Attack's bests. Eerie, paranoid, and hypnotic: it's a great song to lose yourself in.<BR>The rest of the album cannot quite keep up with its first four epic tracks, but none the less, it's other half beats out most albums without ever even trying. A truly wonderful album. I highly recommend it.
B000002IZ4|5.0|This is the best album I have ever listened to.  It's not often that I find a CD where every single track is GREAT (not just good)...but this is it!  This CD is the best that Scott and crew has to offer.  It has the artsy elements of &quot;Tiny Music...&quot; but still maintains the power rock of &quot;Core&quot;.  I would reccomend this CD to anyone and everyone, especially fans of STP.
B000084T18|1.0|Rap died a long time ago, but THIS is ABSOLUTELY the bottom of the barrel.  The person on here I pity most is the Amazon.com reviewer, who said that there's no, and I quote, &quot;fast-forward material here, a near miracle in these times.&quot;  Oh really?  I don't know what copy of this CD YOUR younger sibling played on 4 hour car ride when you forgot your own headset/other CDs, but the one I heard had no tracks worth listening to.  I don't know what about rappin about gettin shot and gettin women over produced beats and synthed melody makes a song great, but Amazon.com (and many other people who critique music for a living) really needs to have higher standards for grading rap music.  And no, I don't hate 50 simply because he has gone commercial or b/c everyone knows his name; there's some good radio music out there, but every genre of music suffers from those one or two way-overhyped icons.  In rap, they are Nelly and 50 Cent (others are overhyped, but not like these two are/were).
1878424319|5.0|I was really taken back by this book and how much it helped me, especially in the area of taking things personally, where my sensitivity has caused me to take things to heart, at the expense of my self-esteem. <BR>The Four Agreements is one book that I highly recommend if you are looking for simple truths that will help you on your path, and especially in your relationships with others. This is where this book has helped me the most, and I thank Don Miguel Ruiz for his wonderful contribution. Highly recommended.
B00003CXCT|5.0|:-)<br /><br />I have reviewed all three of these films so now I'll review this set.  Put bluntly with the exception of the films themselves this set sucks.  Not deleted scenes at all a few features.  The only redeeming value is that it is cheaper to by these films as a set than it would be individually.  But if you were expecting a lot of cool features as well as the films I would keep on waiting.  The films themselves give this set fives stars, but the features included don't even rate one star.
B000005RQT|5.0|The album is kicked off by one of the band's biggest hits, Speed King and it sounds as great as ever. A TRUE CLASSIC! The second track, Bloodsucker, is a classic metal-style rocker, one of my favorites. Next is Child In Time, a ten-minute epic and fan fave, featuring Ian Gillan (Christ in the Jesus Christ Superstar), what soaring vocals and what amazing screams. Next, Flight Of The Rat (track 4) is the finest song on the album, and I'm sure many other fans will agree. Then there is the groovy, Into The Fire, an excellent composition.<br /><br />This is classic seventies hard rock as it was meant to be heard! Track 6, Living Wreck, takes the sound the band used with previous albums, and updates it with more distortion and Gillan's vocals. The album is closed out with Hard Lovin' Man. This is excellent, fast-paced classic hard rock/heavy metal. But that's not all, you also hear (Track 8), the hit single Black Night, followed by various bonus tracks.<br /><br />All in all, Deep Purple In Rock is a perfect ROCK album, a classic hard rock masterpiece. Perhaps today, IN ROCK is just too heavy for Classic Rock stations to play here in the States. What a shame!  Jon Lord is simply fantastic on Organ. Ritchie Blackmore is a timeless guitar hero. Both of these guys have magical fingers. Don't forget Roger Glover (Bass) and Ian Paice (Drums) keeping it all together. Throughout the album all the members (Gillan included) give their best and heaviest performances, creating in my humble opinion the first true heavy metal album.<br /><br />What more is there to say? In Rock retains the magic after all these years. If you're a fan of classic hard rock, Deep Purple In Rock is an album that must be added to your collection. The re-mastered sound is a pleasure to the ears (I couldn't believe Warner in the US has released the LP with such poor sound quality), and with a great booklet detailing the making of the album and it really helps you experience the album on a new level. Heavy metal doesn't get much earlier or heavier than this. One of the best hard rock album ever! Once again, this album has a lot of classics and is highly recommended!rlier or heavier than this. One of the best hard rock album ever! Once again, this album has a lot of classics and is highly recommended!
B00008972S|5.0|West Side Story is one of my favorite musicals. The music and the choreography is incredible. Natalie Wood and Richard Beymer make a perfect Maria and Tony. Now that it is on the 2 Disc Special Limited Edition, it is even better. You can have the original intermission music if you wish and there is a great documentary called West Side Memories which shows how this amazing musical was made. Along with the special edition you get a book that contains the original screenplay, a timeline of the show from when the idea was first thought of and to when it came to the screen, a pamphlet you could of bought in the theaters when it first opened in 1961, and newspaper clippings of what critics thought of the show. Even if you didn't get the special edition this show is still worth owning. The songs are incredible. My favorites are &quot;Maria&quot;, &quot;America&quot;, and &quot;I Feel So Pretty&quot; which a ninety minute instrumental version is used for the intermission.
B0001L3LUE|5.0|To even attempt to describe this film as amazing is an understatement.  It is beyond phenomenal - insofar as content, choreography, production, and so forth.  The timing of the movie's release is impeccable.  Given that we're in the midst of a controversial war and a presidential election, this movie couldn't have come out at a better time.  A lot of food for thought in this movie, and a lot of valuable widsom shared by a public servant who lived it...
B00028HBKM|3.0|Of course when I say this, I'll be guilty of the same. It seems to me, that meanwhile all this debating is going back and forth between people who thought<br />1. this movie is the best thing since sliced bread and our lord and savior Jesus Christ gets his day finally.<br />and the other faction(s) who think<br />2. Mel Gibson is a masochistic so and so, this movie is anti-semitic, and the gore and violence makes it reprehensible...etc<br />This is a broad generalization I know, there are many different reasons for liking and dis-liking The Passion. I would just say that perhaps. Just perhaps, there are a few other things we should be more concerned with. Not that we can't be concerned with more then one thing, but possibly A MOVIE, isn't the biggest thing we need to rally behind and debate about.<BR>before I get bored with typing this review and actually remember what it was I was supposed to be doing, I would point out that fundamentalism of any nature is dangerous. and that as a nation we grow closer and closer to that each day. I always find it funny that we have problems with sex, yet violence is tolerable, you may disagree but think about it. News, Movies, Television. Violent violent violent, and that is tolerable, but any hint of sex or anything mildly prurient and, \\"we've gone down the moral slope.\\" <br />Back on the whole jesus thing, I would say that it would be wise and very respectable to admit or even entertain the possibility that: <BR>-After years and years of indoctrination, and religious teachings being skewed by time, and other factors<BR>-Backlash after Backlash against religion<BR>-plain old human error misinterpreting any number of messages.<BR>it would be good to entertain the possibility that we don't know. I know yes \\"Faith\\" this, and \\"I believe\\" that. But the fact of the matter is, we don't know quite a bit. And to those who don't believe and require answers to everything, isn't thinking that there is always an answer to everything a type offaith? <BR>How about instead of being so concerned about being right, or honoring some deity/myth/messiah/whatever. We worry about here and now, and making sure that we do whatever we can on this earth to ensure that less people go hungry then the day before. And instead of doing it in the act of whatever religion you want to name, we do it in the act of humanity, thats the most important \\"ity\\" there is.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|This movie was not awful but it was certainly dull. What a waste of Bill Murray.
B000000H57|4.0|This is definitley the best album by Type O. Cinnamon Girl is my favorite song ever. Love You to Death, Druidess, My Girlfriend's Girlfriend and Wolf Moon are really awsome songs but the others are just okay. Still, it's twice as good as &quot;Life is Killing Me&quot;. A must have for any Type O fan.
B00009V7RF|5.0|i was very excited on how the group would do after adding a female singer names Fergie (Stacy Ferguson) to the group. I was blown away. Whilst \\"Bridging The Gap\\" was quite good - i love \\"request line\\" - its no where near the standard of this funk/hip hop/pop orrientated album. \\"Elephunk\\" really shines. Here's the 411 of all the songs...<br />Hands Up - 4 stars - a really funky introduction to the world of the black eyed peas.<br />Labor Day (It's A Holiday) - 4 stars - good song with samples by Madonna but can get a bit too summery and annoying.<br />Let's Get Retarded - 5 stars - a stroke of brilliance. i don't like the offensive title, though. The song's out this week.<br />Hey Mama - 5 stars - although it's been really overplayed, i still really like this jamaican-style song. <br />Shut Up - 4 stars - catchy, but annoyingly so. \\"Shut up, just shut up shut up\\". so simple, yet so annoyingly catchy!<br />Smells Like Funk - 5 stars - a song to chill out with. Nice, catchy beat.<br />Latin Girls - 4 stars - very good, catchy, and slow song. One of 2 or 3 slow songs on the album, so savour it!<br />Sexy - 4 stars - very good, but gives you a bit too much detail near the end, telling the audience all about their sex with other people. <br />Fly Away - 5 stars - the only song Fergie writes. Cool, upbeat song with great lyrics. The chorus is so catchy.<br />The Boogie That Be - 5 stars - a song for the dancefloor. What more is there to say?<br />The Apl Song - 5 stars - very slow song with beautiful words (even if i don't understand half of them). very different style.<br />Anxiety - 3 stars - good, but too hardcore and loud. A heavy metal song. <br />Where Is The Love - 5 stars - brilliant, catchy, and meaningful but i'm getting bored of it. It's very weird that the only song that made number one was the one featuring the worlds most famous pop star of the moment.<br />Third Eye - 5 stars - it may just be that the songs only out in the UK, i have no idea, but why is thistrack not listed? It's possibly the best one! Chill out and relax to the soothing melody...<br />The bonus tracks are both too awful to mention, though.<BR>Overall, a brilliant album. I will definitely buy their next album!<BR>{Singles: Track 13, 5, 4, and 3}
B00008EYA5|1.0|This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The dialogue is comedic, the story is comedic, and the scence when men dressed as &quot;cholos&quot; and street thugs attack a police escort with RPG's and automatic weapons is rediculous. How it ended up getting the thumbs up by the director and/or producers of this movie is beyond my comprehension. Comedy is funnny usually becuase it is obsurd, unfortunately the obsurdity in this movie wasn't planned, or, perhaps the joke was intended to be on us (the viewers). I regret knowing that the time in my life spent watching this terrible movie will never be retrieved.
B00005JMEW|4.0|An homage to classic asian fight films. this movie, to me, tells a great story, despite the purposely campy effects. not as great as pulp fiction or resivoir dogs, but a great film all the same.
B000294SFW|5.0|Beautiful. This earns a place as one of the best Motorhead albums, and probably one of the best heavy rock albums in a long while. I got it last week, it hasn't left my player, and I doubt it will for a long time.<br />There is not a single weak track, you can listen to this album all the way through and always be rockin'. Some are heavier, some swing a little more, but each and every song is great (okay, the acoustic 'Whorehouse Blues' is a little lax, but still has the old blues feel). <br />It's probably the best production I've heard in a long time. Guitars are thick and pummeling. Right from the get go, the intro to 'Terminal Show' knocks you over, a super-slick Steve Vai guest-solo stomps on your head and you're left reeling. But get up cuz the next song, and every one after that is just as good. I can't choose a favourite. [you probably hear that in every review, but I am not kidding] 'In the Name of Tragedy' is a song that would get entire stadiums into feverant mosh pits if the general public had any taste. 'Suicide' and 'Keys to the Kindom' have an undeniable groove, just about every other song is fast, hard and in your face.<br />It's probably the most musically accomplished Motorhead album too. Motorhead has never had need for virtuoso playing or singing, prefering to just rock your boots off, but in this album, they manage to combine the two. I wish Amazon would get some clips on here, then you'd know what I mean.<br />The last album, Hammered, was a bit of a let down, slower songs and a lack of killer instinct. Rest assured, this album is much, much better. While other 'metal' bands insist on over- or under-producing their new albums, Lemmy and Co. proove that crushing instruments and unparalleled rock n' roll savvy will always sound better than whatever dang concept these radio-rock bands will come up with.
B0001XAPY2|5.0|From a fan and student of Miyazaki-san: <br />\\"Porco Rosso\\" is the master's most autobiographical work, for once he was not trying to impart any moral or environmental lessons to children or young girls or the Japanese society, as most of his other works did---but a heartfelt fantasy projection of himself (being an independent agent neither belonging to your typical Japanese Anime Industry or the Hollywood/Disney American Culture juggernaut, as symbolized by the brash American Pilot-Fighter, Curtis). <br />It's also a celebration of his fellow frustrated romantic and idealistic adults (many tired Japanese salary men and animators) who have not completely surrendered their youthful dreams to the MAN/military industry.  <br />Set in Post WWI Europe, where Fascism was on the rise, the Continental world it captured was a last breath of fantastic and natural freedom before a long darkness set in... <br />The genius stroke here is by turning the protagonist into a PIG, a whimsical yet literal mockery on those old-fashioned/outdated all-male/brotherhood chauvinist melodramatic adventure genre it so lovingly appropriates, and a gentle dig on \\"mankind\\" in general, all in good and slightly surreal fun.<BR>In this story, Miyazaki made fun (instead of preaching to) of his society, himself and his prominent role in it.  <br />Yet, behind all the cartoony surface lies the touching elegiac sadness of a lost past and a yearning hope (placed esp. on a young female) for a better future, straight from Miyazaki-san's cynical/sentimental heart.  <br />Presented as a light-hearted lark only makes its immersing nostalgia and lyricism all the more spontaneously enchanting<BR>and unexpectedly affecting. A magical paradox of his great art. <br />\\"Porco Rosso\\" is the \\"Casablanca\\" of cartoons with a touch of Roald Dahl, and the most under-rated and overlooked of Miyazaki's fabulous work.
B00001QEE6|5.0|I grew up with this film.  It was one of my all time favorite movies.  The music the charictors the story the romance!  Oh it is truelly one of the best disney movies I have ever seen! No pixie dust or fairy godmothers just  a great film you could watch again &amp; again &amp; I'm sure the DVD is even better.  <BR>  True This is based on VHS I got a DVD player only a month ago &amp; cannot get ahold of a copy of the DVD.  It is too much of a treasure bring it back out of the vault for all to enjoy!    It is truelly not to be missed &amp; always to be treasured.
044022165X|4.0|This book has a superb plot and very interesting characters that are colorfully described by the author.  It is fast moving and keeps the reader interested at all times until the ending.  Frankly, it fell flat there.  However, it is worth the read and I recommend it.
B00005JMCW|1.0|While I certainly agree that there is alot of talent involved on both parts I must say nothing beats a classic.  I admit I didn't watch the whole thing.  This is because I found the Charictors wholly unappealing.  Anna Acted like a spoiled self centered brat!  I really couldn't sympathise with her at all.  In some ways I am &amp; some ways not a very advantaged child. I was always given what I needed &amp; a fair amount of what I wanted. If I wanted more I had to earn it.     She expected everything to be just handed to her,  get real kid!  <BR>     I grew up with and loved the old Jodi foster movie  the jokes where clean yet hillarious.  The comedy timeless &amp; most of all you could really sympathise with the charictors &amp; love them.    I love a good disney movie but I think that this was one where they should have left well enough alone &amp; concintrated Lindsy Lohans abundant  talent on an original piece.
6305252521|5.0|This charming film has all the style of a classic 1950's Doris Day film, and yet it's modern, witty, and strangely old fashioned.  It brings to mind the sets of Leave It To Beaver or The Donna Reed Show, but in full color, and real life.  This film is strangely confusing at first, but so picturesque and funny, that it holds your interest.  This is one of those moves that you have to watch again, and again, and it never tires.  A classic, and the 1st truly classic film since the early 60's!
B00004Z400|5.0|deftones rock! deftones rock! deftones rock! some people say White Pony is their best album, but i say they royally kick ass in whatever they do. but this album has sort of a narrative feel to me, they're so raw and chino's voice always lulls me into this state where everything is so real, but surreal at the same time. like, i'm just a bystander. everytime the deftones grace my ears, i just about cream myself, i swear. and it is oh so good. buy it, they're worth every penny.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This series is incredibly rewarding and that's all I have to say about that.
6305878323|5.0|I have a preschooler and a kindergartener. They both watch it together. They get up and dance to &quot;Step in Time&quot; and &quot;A Spoon Full of Sugar&quot;.  We purchased the music CD, and listening in the car, makes the time go faster.
B00005RRG9|5.0|Of course this is a wonderful Disney family film. I'm in my twenties, and I can remember watching this movie since I was a toddler. Since I'm sure you know how great the movie is and can read other reviews for that, I'll concentrate on the special features of this DVD, some of which aren't even mentioned above. <br />? &quot;Caught in the Act: The Making of the Parent Trap&quot; is a good documentary (about 30 minutes), including interviews with Hayley Mills, Maureen O'Hara, director David Swift, Joanna Barnes, and more. It provides a lot of background details on how the idea for the film came about, selecting the cast, fine-tuning the screenplay, etc.<br />? &quot;Disney Legend: Hayley Mills&quot; is a 25-minute feature all about Hayley, and it's quite good. It includes photos and home movies from her childhood as well as interviews with Hayley, Maureen O'Hara, Dean Jones, Kevin Corcoran, David Swift, Nancy Olson, and others she worked with at Disney. Hayley talks about her family, her experiences at Disney, and her departure from that Disney image in the late '60s. <br />? &quot;Seeing Double&quot; is a short feature on the split-screen technology that allowed viewers to see two images of Hayley Mills side by side at once. This technology was quite innovative and experimental at the time, but it worked beautifully. <br />? The Sherman Brothers featurette is a short but interesting bit of facts and trivia on two men who wrote songs for many memorable Disney films, including &quot;Mary Poppins&quot; and &quot;The Parent Trap.&quot;<br />? &quot;Lost Treasures: Who's the Twin?&quot; is an interesting feature about Susan Henning, the girl who played the double for Hayley Mills in the film (in scenes with the camera over her shoulder or to her back). Now that I know to look for her, I can plainly see in several profile shots that the other twin is NOT Hayley. Watch the fight scene at the dance closely too. Henning is a warm presence and gives some little-known facts about the film and about Walt Disney. <br />? &quot;Let's Get Together&quot; is a music video of the two Hayleys singing the song from the movie.<br />? The Donald Duck animated cartoon, &quot;Donald's Double Trouble,&quot; is a Disney short filmed a few years before this movie, but it's a cute bonus.<br />? Other special features include theatrical trailers, TV spots, radio spots, a lengthy Parent Trap photo gallery, and a 1961 Disney studio album. <BR> <BR>? The film's audio commentary by Hayley Mills and director David Swift is also a great feature. Hayley reveals many interesting tidbits about her experiences on the film, her relationships with her costars and Walt Disney, and how she views the film today. Swift offers his own recollections on Hayley's performance and other background information on the film. For example, the scene where Brian Keith finds the bra hanging on his shower was almost censored! <br />The widescreen transfer is wonderful. I'd never seen this film in its original aspect ratio, so this was a treat. The abundance of special features make this DVD edition truly wonderful. (I had no problems with it playing in my DVD player, either.) This is simply a fun family film that you can watch over and over. I know, because I have for the past 20 years.
B00003CX5P|3.0|I was one of the only people in the world who did not see &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; in theaters, and instead waited until it came out on video and all the hype had died down.  Perhaps this was why I did not see it as a monumental disappointment, since I didn't watch it believing it was going to be the best movie of the year.  This is one of the most bashed films of modern times, and I don't think it deserves all of its negative publicity.  Ironically, for how bad everyone says it is, Lucas still got what he wanted out of the movie- it's still the highest grossing post-&quot;Titanic&quot; film (though &quot;Shrek 2&quot; is closing fast, and &quot;Spider-Man 2&quot; may reach it also), and was the third-highest grossing film of the 1990's when adjusted for inflation.<br />I see &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; as simply an entertaining adventure.  It has a criminally slow first half, but some of the scenes in its second half are truly spectacular, such as the pod race and the Darth Maul fight.  Everyone says how bad the acting is, but I found most of the actors passable- only Jake Lloyd as Anakin Skywalker irritated me.  The special effects are incredible for the most part, and the final space battle leaves you breathless.<br />Of course, &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; is not a great movie by any means.  Darth Maul was criminally underdeveloped, and the Trade Federation bad guys were dull and lifeless.  Whenever Jake Lloyd appeared on the screen, I wondered if I was watching a dumb kids movie.  Overall, &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; simply cannot compare with &quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot;.  Then, of course, there's the immortal Jar Jar Binks.  If Episode III has a chance of being as successful as the original &quot;Star Wars&quot; films, it will feature Jar Jar's slow and painful death, perhaps replayed over and over again in a flashback.<br />In the end, &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; is just a couple hours of good entertainment, neither as bad nor as goodas many claim it is.  I actually slightly prefer &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; to &quot;Attack of the Clones&quot;, which was boring and too serious for its own good.  However, there may be some nostalglia factor there- I miss the days of 1999, when everything was going great and the world had nothing better to do than freak out over the new &quot;Star Wars&quot; movie.
B0002BO0AS|4.0|Everyone who was worried when word came about that Adam Dutkiewicz was producing Unearth's new album should not worry anymore. Adam took a band that had a credible following and turned them into one of metal and hardcore leaders. While The Oncoming Storm doesn't top its predecessor Stings of Conscience, it still packs a mighty punch to not dissappoint.<br />As you'll notice with the opening track Unearth has shed some of its hardcore skin and built up a more metal sound around them. But no worrying hardcore fans, this still has breakdowns galore. Trevor Phillips still sounds like that madman that he was on Stings... The one thing that holds back their new formed sound is variety. You won't find much of that on here but each song does carry its own weight and there is no filler here.<br />Recommended tracks would be This Lying World, Lie to Purify, and the cleaned up but still deadly Endless. I totally recommend this for any fans of Lamb of God, Hatebreed, or even more technical bands like Meshuggah or Life Once Lost.
B0000028RR|5.0|Rage Against The Machine are one of my favorite bands of all time because they take the time to actually make music......it sucks that they broke up but their music still remians strong and i would listen to rage anyday over any new trendy gay punk crap.......Truth is Good Rock Music sorta died when Rage Against The Machine broke up in 1999-2000.........today we have  A Perfect Circle, Tool, Audioslave, Pearl Jam, Deftones, and a few others but all in all Rock is Dead just liek Marilyn Manson said.........in Mechanical Animals...........anyways be like me a smart persona nd get this....... (...) anyways let me be your guide to great music ENJOY
B000063DI8|3.0|I love maiden they really do rock, but this album really does need more variety, unlike most maiden albums these songs sound very samey and tiresome. I love the title track however a great opening guitar riff, and public enema no1 is another great track, plus hooks in you, but that bout it, and janicks solo in bring your daughter.. is cool, but thats about it. A very weak album from an amazing rock band. Not the best, get seventh son of a seventh son or powerslave instead
B00004TDTO|5.0|I was able to see this movie last night in an old theater (it helped that it was right by the beach) and invited a large group of people to go. I wanted to see if anyone would show up to pay to see a 29-yr. old movie and we ended up with a group of about 30 people, plus the others who were there. Everyone in attendance reacted to the movie as though they were seeing it for the first time although I'm sure the majority had seen it at least once before if not many times. Afterwards, everyone hung out outside the theater and there was an electric buzz in the air with everyone excitedly talking about what they had just experienced. One person even said, &quot;They just don't make movies like that anymore.&quot; While clearly set in the mid-1970's (perhaps the least fashion-conscious era ever), Jaws remains a timeless seafaring adventure that holds up well three decades later.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage against the machine is the greatest band ever, you don't have to agree with me, but you do have to buy this album. Zach's politically evil yet poetic lyrics over Tom and Tim's amazing melodies with Brad kickin out monster grooves creates amazing music. Rage Against the Machine was not formed to make money, but to let people know about the evils of American politics, and everywhere. Tom Morello (guitar) once said that they had formed this group because their music speaks louder than a brochure or pamphlet. Well, he said something along those lines once. If you don't like rock, or any type of heavier music, this won't be for you. You might like this if you like linkin park, but RAGE is 100000000000 times better.
B00023B1A8|5.0|I pre-ordered these (Daylight Again &amp; Acoustic) what seems like a lifetime ago when I first heard they were being produced. My mom and I sat down and watched them last night for the first time. Having seen CSN w/Y two years ago, I know first-hand that they just get better &amp; better with age ... which brings me to my point. These are FANTASTIC DVD's -- required for libraries of all their fans. BUT -- the concert footage is nothing to compare with their present sound and stage presence. NEVERTHELESS, I enjoyed them and have watched parts of them again today. There is no greater harmony that these three guys -- and I mean no where. It gives you cold chills up and down your spine. And you do feel like you're there for both performances. Buy both of them now, enjoy them for a lifetime. Oh yeah -- they're on tour so check out their website ... found easily on a simple Google search.
B00024BHTC|5.0|This album is simply awesome! I love Nightwish and I was expecting good things from Once but it ended up just completely blowing me away. Pick up this album!
B000084T18|1.0|Wanna talk about the overhyped artists? Justin Timberlake, Usher and 50 Cent. <br />You wnna know why he is named 50 cent? Cuz thats all he is worth. <BR>This man has no talent. No rap artists have talent. Oh they can talk fast with a beat.  Big deal. Thats not music. You wanna talk about music? How about the real artists who make true music who use their voices to convey important messages, not messages about raping and murdering enemies. Real music is Michael Jackson, Mariah Carey, Whitney Houston and Vanessa Williams.
B0001NBMBC|4.0|Well let me start by saying this album takes some serious getting used to. Slipknot has been my favorite band for a long time now, and I was expecting something so good, so breath-taking, that I was  a little dissapointed with Vol. 3. It's a musical change from Iowa, which I feel is a better move for Slipknot (don't get me wrong, Iowa was excellent album, but didn't live up to the self-titled). The music is now finally back to the older days of Slipknot, with similar tracks to Wait and Bleed and Liberate. There is still the hardcore drumming and percussion from Iowa, but Vol. 3 in comparison is like the self-titled album's father. Musically and lyrically more mature, Vol. 3 shows Slipknot can grow. Not as heavy as Iowa or Slipknot, but the music on this CD is nothing short of incredible. I was, however, dissapointed in Corey Taylor's vocals. Yes, the man can sing, better than all the other nu-metal vocalists, but he is also known for having one of the best goddamn screams in the entire world. I like to see Phil Anselmo or Johnathon Davis accomplish what this guy has vocally. Corey Taylor's screams are better here than on Iowa. But he sounds like Stone Sour took one of his lungs for themselves. Not as powerful or as throaty as we have all come to know, his screams were one of the main reasons Slipknot made it to the top of the nu-metal category. Though he is still the best metal vocalist, even with only one lung. I think it's kinda cool they don't cuss anymore, though most people think this means more commercial appeal and MTV/KROQ-friendly hits (i.e. Duality). I feel every song on here is a highlight in its own way. Overall an excellent CD, with Sid doing his best work as a DJ out of all the Slipknot albums. As I've said in my other reviews for Iowa and Slipknot, they are headlining the 2nd Stage at this year's Ozzfest, so don't forget to check them out, as of they are the best live band in the entire world. They really love all you maggots and new fans alike and they really love to see you all moshin' to the music. Keep up the hard work and dedication Slipknot and don't let anyone bring you down!
B00005QGAZ|5.0|60X platinum. Need we say more?
B00000JCOV|5.0|Bottom line, I love this album. This CD was a life-changing experience for me. Slipknot has been my favorite band for a long time now, and this CD never gets old. I really hate how people set these guys aside and say they suck because they wear masks and jumpsuits, because these guys have got some real talent. Corey Taylor has got to be the best metal vocalist in the entire world. I think if you are just getting into Slipknot, you should start with this CD. The best songs on this album are (Sic), Eyeless, Wait and Bleed, Spit It Out, Tattered and Torn, Me Inside, Liberate, Prosthetics, No Life, and Scissors. All the other songs are excellent, but these ones are the highlights. I am really excited Slipknot are touring again and I can't wait to see them this summer at Ozzfest. Much love to all you maggots out there. And Slipknot: Keep up the good work and stay (sic) f@#%ers!
0385484518|4.0|I was encouraged by several of my friends to read this book.  Though I found it a good quick read, it did not live up to its hype.  It is basically a \\"self-help\\" book that has the theme that even when we know we are going to die, we never stop learning new things about the world and ourselves.<br />The book chronicles a dying schoolteacher (Morrie), who has Lou Gehrig's disease.  Morrie wants to spend his last days meeting with friends and having philosophical discussions.  A former student (the author) learns about Morrie's situation from a tv interview.  He decides to visit Morrie and this becomes a regular Tuesday ritual.<br />During the author's visits he sees Morrie's condition gradually worsen while his spirit remains strong as ever.  Morrie makes the author re-examine his own life and not have to wait to be in a similar situation to appreciate your life.<br />While the book has some good themes and is based on a real situation, I found it too short and badly structured.  I did not like how the author alternated chapters between visits to Morrie and flashbacks to his own life.  This was mainly because I was expecting more tie-ins between the flashbacks and the author's visits.
0312263120|3.0|HELP! I am trying to figure out the code at the very end! I know you need to use the book, if anyone could give a hint, even just a way to get me started! I have had sleepless nights trying to figure it out!
076781214X|4.0|In this time travel spin a woman (Peggy Sue) at her high school reunion has a heart attack and while lingering between life and death, is transported back in time to her high school days.  Peggy Sue knowing that her boyfriend Charlie will turn out rotten after she marries him, is determined not to repeat the same mistakes of the past.<br />Peggy Sue tries to distance herself from Charlie and has an affair with a rebel/philospher student to try to change things.  While doing this she learns about Charlie that she never knew and ends up falling in love with him all over again.<br />I really enjoyed this film and it shows that Peggy Sue with all her future knowledge and superior attitude is still unable to change what originally occurred.
B000002WU9|5.0|Raekwon has made a masterpiece.  Every track is truly ill.  Rap cd's today are complete crap, but this is real.  It's rare when you have a cd and you never need to skip a song.  Even the skits are good.  Thanks to nice flows by rae and ghostface and top notch beats by rza, this cd is a classic that any hip-hop fan should own.
0790734850|5.0|If not for a film about a ship hitting an iceberg and going down L.A. Confidential would have been a sure-fire Academy Award Best Picture winner. The best parts of the movie are Kim Basinger in an Oscar winning performance for her role as a Veronica Lake lookalike hooker and Russell Crowe as a fearsome cop who finds a surprising capacity for love.<br />The genius of the film is the three inter-related stories (hookers cut to resemble movie stars, missing heroin and a murder investigation) in LA of the early 1950's. Cops, prostitution, corrupt politicians and gangsters all touch each others lives and in the tabloid press in surprising ways.<br />The acting is terrific with James Cromwell, Kevin Spacey, Guy Pierce and Danny DeVito all selling their souls for ambition - and the price to be paid; deserved or not. The costumes and set design are first rate. If you like film noir, or just love well-crafted movies you'll have to look hard to find a better film.
0679311718|5.0|I read this book with the eye and mind of a professional intelligence officer long frustrated with the myopia of national policy constituencies, and the stupidity of the United Nations Headquarters culture.  General Dallaire has written a superb book on the reality of massive genocide in the Burundi and Rwanda region in 1994, and his sub-title, \\"The Failure of Humanity in Rwanda\\" is where most people end up in reading this book.<br /><br />I see things a little differently.  I see this book as a massive indictment of the United Nations culture of \\"go along gently\\", as a compelling documentary of how ignorant the United Nations is about impending disasters because of its persistent refusal to establish a UN intelligence secretariat as recommended by the Brahimi Report, and as a case study in how the Western nations have failed to establish coherent global strategies--and the intelligence-policy dialogues necessary to keep such strategies updated and relevant.<br /><br />According to the author, 15 UN peacekeepers died--over 800,000 Rwandans died.  The number 15 is not larger because Belgium, Canada, and the US explicitly stated that Rwanda was \\"irrelevant\\" in any sense of the word, and not worth the death of a single additional Western (mostly white) soldier.<br /><br />Although there has been slight improvement in the UN since LtGen Patrick Cammaert, NL RM became the Military Advisor to the Secretary General (see General Cammaert and other views in [[ASIN:0971566127 Peacekeeping Intelligence: Emerging Concepts for the Future]], the reality is that the UN is still unintelligent and unable to muster the strategic intelligence necessary to get the mandate right; the operational intelligence necessary to get the force structure right; and the tactical intelligence necessary to achieve the mission on the ground.  Just about everything General Dallaire writes about in this book with respect to UN culture and UN lack of intelligence remains valid today: they still cannot get decent maps with which to plan a campaign or execute the mission; UN administrators are still anal-retentive bureaucrats that will not issue paper and pencils, much less soft drinks for diplomatic encounters; UN \\"seniors\\" still like the first class lifestyle on the road (they pretend to be austere only in NY); UN civilian mission leaders still misrepresent military reporting, as Booh-Booh did to Dallaire; and the UN is still ineffective in creating public intelligence with which to communicate directly to national publics the reasons why humanitarian operations must take place early and in force.<br /><br />General Dallaire concludes his excruciatingly detailed book, a book with enormous credibility stemming from the meticulous manner in which he documents what happened, when it happened, and what everyone knew when (including advance warning of the genocide from the \\"third force\\" that the UN leadership refused to take seriously), with two thoughts, one running throughout the book, the second in the conclusion only:<br /><br />First, and perhaps because of the mental toll he himself paid for this mission, there are frequent references throughout the book to the urgency of understanding the psychology of groups, tribes, and cultures.  This is not something any Western intelligence agency is capable of today.  The closest I have seen to this is Dr. Marc Sageman's book on [[ASIN:0812238087 Understanding Terror Networks]]  We urgently need a global \\"survey\\", with specific reference to the countries plagued by ethnic conflict and other sources of instability, and we need to start taking \\"psychological intelligence\\" very seriously.  We need to UNDERSTAND.<br /><br />Second, he concludes the book by emphasizing the urgency of understanding and then correcting the sources of the utter RAGE that characterizes hundreds of thousands if not millions of young men around the world, all of whom he says have access to guns and many of whom he says will ultimately and unavoidablyhave access to weapons of mass destruction.<br /><br />As I contemplate the six-front hundred-year war that America has started by attacking Iraq instead of addressing the social networks and sources of terrorism, I cannot help but think that this great solider and statesman has hit the nail on the head: Rwanda is coming to your neighborhood, and nothing your policy makers and military leaders are doing today is relevant to avoiding that visitation.  Remember the kindergarten class in Scotland?  The Columbine shootings and Oklahoma disasters?  Now magnify that by 1000X, aggravated by a mix of angry domestic militants, alienated immigrant gangs, hysterical working poor fathers pushed into insanity--and the free availability of small arms, toxins, and simple means for collapsing the public infrastructure....<br /><br />The complexity of society, which has lost its humanity, is leading to unpredictable and difficult to diagnose and correct collapses of all the basic mechanisms of survival.  General Dallaire's book is not about Rwanda--it is about us and what will happen to us if we persist in being unintelligent about our world and the forces that could--if we were wise--permit billions to survive in peace.<br /><br />In addition to this book I recommend the PKI book mentioned above, Jonathan Schell's book on [[ASIN:B000HOMU0M The Unconquerable World: Power, Nonviolence, and the Will of the People]] Bill Moyer's on [[ASIN:0865714185 Doing Democracy]], and Tom Atlee on [[ASIN:193213347X The Tao of Democracy: Using Co-Intelligence to Create a World That Works for All]].  If we do not take back the power and restore common sense to how our nations behave and how our nations spend our money around the globe, the plague of Rwanda will visit our neighborhoods within the decade.<br /><br />See also:<br />[[ASIN:0275969878 How to Prevent Genocide: A Guide for Policymakers, Scholars, and the Concerned Citizen]]<br />[[ASIN:0971566119 The New Craft of Intelligence: Personal, Public, & Political--Citizen's Action Handbook for Fighting Terrorism, Genocide, Disease, Toxic Bombs, & Corruption]]As I contemplate the six-front hundred-year war that America has started by attacking Iraq instead of addressing the social networks and sources of terrorism, I cannot help but think that this great solider and statesman has hit the nail on the head: Rwanda is coming to your neighborhood, and nothing your policy makers and military leaders are doing today is relevant to avoiding that visitation.  Remember the kindergarten class in Scotland?  The Columbine shootings and Oklahoma disasters?  Now magnify that by 1000X, aggravated by a mix of angry domestic militants, alienated immigrant gangs, hysterical working poor fathers pushed into insanity--and the free availability of small arms, toxins, and simple means for collapsing the public infrastructure....    The complexity of society, which has lost its humanity, is leading to unpredictable and difficult to diagnose and correct collapses of all the basic mechanisms of survival.  General Dallaire's book is not about Rwanda--it is about us and what will happen to us if we persist in being unintelligent about our world and the forces that could--if we were wise--permit billions to survive in peace.    In addition to this book I recommend the PKI book mentioned above, Jonathan Schell's book on [[ASIN:B000HOMU0M The Unconquerable World: Power, Nonviolence, and the Will of the People]] Bill Moyer's on [[ASIN:0865714185 Doing Democracy]], and Tom Atlee on [[ASIN:193213347X The Tao of Democracy: Using Co-Intelligence to Create a World That Works for All]].  If we do not take back the power and restore common sense to how our nations behave and how our nations spend our money around the globe, the plague of Rwanda will visit our neighborhoods within the decade.    See also:  [[ASIN:0275969878 How to Prevent Genocide: A Guide for Policymakers, Scholars, and the Concerned Citizen]]  [[ASIN:0971566119 The New Craft of Intelligence: Personal, Public, & Political--Citizen's Action Handbook for Fighting Terrorism, Genocide, Disease, Toxic Bombs, & Corruption]]
B00005JMEW|5.0|Sure it's outlandishly violent and bloody. Can anyone expect Tarantino's movie not to be a true mind-blowing, adrenaline-pumping shocker? Of course not! Gritty and slick, his first instalment of KB rocks with moody western imagery, the '60s and '70s-era of Hong Kong martial arts-action, the influences of the ritualistic samurai swordsmanship, and Japanese anime. Like in all his films, Tarantino never fails to merge dark humour with terror. It's impossible not to smile over the Shaw Bros.' iconic introduction ploy and the De Palma-esque split screens. Observe the 'Carrie' blank-starry eyed image settled on The Bride's gory face as she's introduced to the audience. Perhaps, Uma Thurman in her yellow suit is a salute to the yellow-suited Bruce Lee in his last film, The Game of Death. Or is The Bride 'Just another little Western girl playing at being a samurai' - as O-Ren Ishii blatantly puts it?<br />This film's a sampling of the Tarantino 'fury' short of the Tarantino customary fiery tongue. It celebrates the Tarantino trademark of avoiding the use of computer-generated CGI special effects. It's almost as if I'm watching a colourful and bloodied kabuki stage that's displaying a stunningly massive tournament of multi-layered kung-fu and female samurai sword-fighting styles to dazzle the audience. It's examining how Tarantino catalogues the great stylistic elements of his favourite 'old-school' filmmakers and transforms them into a phenomenally creative and mesmerizing film. Yep, there's a great deal of captivatingly artistic boldness in this film. Powerfully portrayed and not to be easily forgotten. Violently brutal and gloriously gory without doubt, and yet so aesthetically operatic and astoundingly artful. The music and lyrics that accompany the scenes are astounding. They set the moods so appropriately with the events.<br />Even at 'The House Of Blue Leaves', we get to see Tarantino weaving the artistic styles of Lucio Fulci, Chang-Che, Sergio Leone, Kurosawa, ZhangYimou and Busby Berkeley to bring the audience a stylistic exhibit of remarkable montage grandeur. The themes of betrayal and revenge come off strong. Every camera shot and scene seems to scream out, non-stop, 'Kill Bill and all of Bill's DVAS members.' My adrenaline's still flowing as I'm recalling the scenes. Tarantino has make a solid point with this film to show that martial arts scenes should stick to the artful and realistic choreographic treatment to sustain the true spiritual spirit of martial arts.
B00018D44U|4.0|Don't write this album off based on the bad reviews.  It flows very well, and most importantly there are no duds.  The recording quality is top-notch, sounding very nice on both tube and solid-state gear.  I enjoyed the arrangements on this album more than her debut, here she suggests some sounds she'll explore in the future. I can hardly fault her for a conservative sophmore effort, as she will undoubtedly become more musically adventuresome as her career blossoms.
0790729725|5.0|Scorsese delivers a realistic portrayal of life as a gangster in the tough city of New York, spanning three decades, mixing the glamour and violence to create a world that both gratifies and disgusts the viewer. As you learn that violence and murder was no big deal to these people, it was the only way people stayed in line.<br />Robert De Niro, plays Jimmy 'The Gent' Conway. who acts as mentor to Ray Liotta's, Henry Hill, guiding him through the cheap steals and hijacks that fund their way of life. Along with Joe Pesci's psychotic portrayal of Tommy and the ever-looming, Paulie, as the boss; you cannot help but like them.<br />There is no real honour in family of gangsters, it is all about money and once Henry goes behind his boss' back to partake in cocaine dealing with his Pittsburgh connections, it sets off a chain of events that coincide with the end of the gangster era.<br />Joe Pesci delivers a superb performance, which he deservedly won an Oscar for. His temper and natural violence detracts attention from his diminutive size, who can only be controlled by De Niro, in a quiet but effective character role. I believe that Liotta does a good job as the lead character, his voice-over helping define scenes and situations.<br />Scorsese is the real master behind the film, through his camera work and plotting to tell a story about a group of people he both detests and admires.
B0001Z52RU|5.0|I got an advanced release of the DVD and totally loved the DC vision of this movie.  I really dug the movie when it came out in the theater, but the Directors' Cut gave me even more goose bumps and filled in some holes I'd found in the theatrical release.  <br />I hope every critic who trashed the theatrical edition sees it again so they can recant their completely off the mark bashing of this film.  It's rare that a film has the guts to come out like this that doesn't stick to any one genre and is completely unpredictable.  As far as the ending being \\"CONTROVERSIAL,\\" I'm not sure it was all that controversial, but it definately made me think a lot more, like when you see Sixth Sense and then have to rewatch the film now that you get the ending.<br />The bonus scenes are often hilarious as J. Mackye Gruber and Eric Bress have added sound effects and commentary that make this different than most boring suppliment sections where you're just like, \\"Okay, now I know why they took this out, but I'm bored.\\"  And the commentary track is essential to answering all the questions I've been reading online about complex plot twists and stuff.  <br />I was a big fan of Donnie Darko, but the Directors version was written years before and now I see why they had so much trouble getting it past the raised eyebrow crowd at the Studios.  Good for New Line.  Great DVD!!!  A must own!!!<br />Navigating the Infinifilm can be tricky at times, but definitely worth the effort.  They've also included alternate endings that were NOT part of the theatrical edition, so if you need to see the theatrical ending, you'd have to flip the disc.
6305127689|5.0|Absolute cheese on a stick, but Top Gun proves that that's not always a bad thing. This movie's got everything - an arrogant prodigy who'd be out on his ass if he wasn't so good, a sensible, more down to earth best friend, a love interest, an arch nemesis and his dumb sidekick, a few cool high fives and catchphrases, the emotional death scene, a euphoric victory act and of course, some unforgettable action sequences. What more could any red-blooded child of the eighties ask for? <br />Anyone born around 1980 will remember how everyone was doing that double high five and saying 'talk to me Goose' to the kid next to them in class. Certainly one of my all time favourites - entertaining stuff.
0375422307|5.0|I have grown up in the same neighborhood and experienced the very same stories that Marjane has shared with us. This is the story of the generation who nothing to do with revoloution and now they have to pay back. The comic illustration is so strong which makes me cry and laugh at the same time....I have recommended this book to all my iranian or non-iranian friends.
B00005JL78|5.0|Minority Report definitely ranks as one of the best future-theme movies of all time. Although not as groundbreaking as The Matrix or visually stunning as Blade Runner, it has it's own pro's.<br />In a future where future crimes are predicted using triplets or 'Pre Cogs' with the ability to foresee events yet to come, the Police Officer in charge and support of the device himself (Tom Cruise) is accused of a murder that he has yet to commit. Though he believes that he is innocent, the squad doesn't, so Cruise sets out on his journey to find the truth.<br />The storyline for the movie is interesting, very thought provoking. A lot of what is talked about sounds complicated at first, but listening closely will reveal that they are really talking about the Minority Report of Cruise. Listen even more closely and you'll understand the entire movie, otherwise you will be lost.<br />Good actors playing good characters, impressive special effects, quality action, and a deepening plot - Minority Report is definitely worth the price of admission.
B00005JKG7|4.0|Ok, for the hyped up Gen-Y and other young 'uns, &quot;The Fog&quot; might seem a little slow, with little gore and a bunch of no-name actors (except for Jamie Leigh Curtis, the original Scream Queen!).  However, people who dismiss this horror movie really don't know what they are missing.  John Carpentar was at his best setting up creepy, uncomfortable moods in his audience (see Halloween, The Thing) and he does a great job of creating a spooky ghost story.  His use of John Houseman (who was in another movie aptly titled &quot;Ghost Story&quot;) to introduce the background story of the movie was brilliant, as was the casting of mother and daughter Janet Leigh &amp; Jamie Leigh Curtis (a first for these two actresses).  Adrienne Barbeau is arguably the lead in this movie; she does a credible job of playing a mom who is terrified for her son and will fight anything that tries to hurt him even though she is alone in a lighthouse!!!  My biggest complain about this movie is the music; John Carpentar likes to write his own movie scores and while he did create one of the most chilling, recognizable horror song in &quot;Halloween&quot;, his tin-sounding, Casio-keyboard synthesized music for &quot;The Fog&quot; was annoying and at times overpowering.  For the ultimate scare, this movie is best watched late at night, alone, on a foggy October evening.
0385512104|4.0|There are a lot of things going for this book that make it a fast, funny, and moving read.  The central conceit of the story is that it is told in the first-person from the perspective of Christopher, a fifteen-year-old autistic boy.  Christopher's brain is organized in a way that makes him incredibly good at math and logic.  His favorite novels are mystery novels (because they are logical and can be solved) so, when he discovers his neighbor's dead dog one night, he decides to solve the crime and write a mystery novel about it...and this is that novel.  Because Christopher thinks in pictures (and because Mark Haddon is an illustrator) there are illustrations throughout.  Of course, the reader can put the clues together faster than Christopher, and we have a better idea of what is going on than he does.  More important, we are given a glimpse inside the mind of an autistic child: how he thinks, how he feels, and why he does the things he does.  We cannot help but feel for the likeable Christopher - his motives are so clear, why can't other people understand him?
B0001NBMBC|5.0|If every band out there did the same thing for every album... it would be boring and mundane.  People and critics said the same thing about Metallica's Black album.  How about Korn with Issues or Mudvayne's The End Of All Things To Come?  I think people should stop comparing albums and start listening and appreciating them individually.  I feel that when a band makes a decision to change... it's not to piss off the masses, it's to show that they can step it up a bit... that they can mature as musicians.  They want the public to listen to something new and fresh... sometimes, it might be to stay alive, but, Slipknot doesn't have to do that.  Besides, stepping it up doesn't mean to be harder or faster.  A good portion of fans out there would agree that Black (in itself) is a great album.  Korn surprised us all with Issues.  It didn't sound like the Korn we all loved, granted it was different, but in a very mature and addictive way.  Slipknot falls into this fan-feared musical change... however, with Vol. 3, Slipknot survived.  Subliminal Verses is an awesome album.  It cannot be denied in anyway, shape or form.  <br />The acoustical tracks like &quot;Circle&quot; add deversity and something refreshing to Slipknot's repertoire.  Corey shows that he can actually sing, giving him more respect... singing on slow tracks like &quot;Circle&quot; and then turn around and laydown some dry-lung screaming vocals on tracks like &quot;The Blister Exists&quot;.  Duality, the first single from the album, is addictive.  It's courus seems reviving from the groveling verses.  An exciting track with a rich sound, very easy and powerful... refreshed, but still very Slipknot.  &quot;The Pulse Of The Maggots&quot;, reminds you why you love these guys from the Midwest, just like &quot;Blister&quot;... Hard and unforgiving.  There's so much this album has to give... take a listen and I assure you that it grows.  Slipknot beats the fan-feared change... so have no fear.  Slipknot still bringschaos where ever they go and do... they still create and an atmosphere of intimidation and destruction.  It may be the masks or the energy they have... whatever it is... it's very, very Slipknot!
6304602944|5.0|I must say I'm a big fan of detective movies, and '80 were great time for that kind of films (action comedies, adventures...). We already had LETHAL WEAPON in that time, but this film really pushed the limits. Critics often say that this is a B-movie, but that is what they think. For me, this is one of the best Stallone's movies and he and Rusell are really good together as two heavy cops alway aguing and having a lot of troubles with Jack Palance, leader of some terrorist organization who send them to prison where they will meet their doom. Of course, they will win and the rest is to you to be seen. Don't listen the others who didn't like it - give your own oppinion (possitive, I hope).
B00005UW9T|3.0|This nice little story of the search for and recovery of the heir to the Russian throne.  It is full of adventures to keep the children interested but includes many complicated plots and subplots going on at the same time for the adults to enjoy.  When found, Anya was told she had the beauty of her mother, Alexandra; her father had been the last czar, Nicholas.<br />On the ship to France, curses were being thrown Anya's way by Rasputian.  She feels like she is falling apart.  A waif for many years, she is hoping to find her family and her destiny.  At the Effiel Tower, we saw a beautiful dancing water show similar to that at the downtown park in Chicago in summer.<br />The elderly Empress with her white hair has reached the point of despair and will no longer interview any of the many girls who claim to be Anastasia.  She had a cat with a fluffy tail.  Her maid Sophia, the blonde bombshell with Dolly Parton attributes, informs them of the Soviet ballet and takes them on a fantastic shopping spree.<br />Dimitri had been a servant lad in the palace and had led the group to safety during the revolution.  Now he has turned into a conman to find the heiress.  He is pictured with my son Geoffrey's hair and even his smile.  There is a model in Chicago who is Jeff's 'double' so it could have been based on him.<br />Out in the streets of Paris, there is dancing as in HAVANA NIGHTS cartoon style.  At the Moulin Rouge shaped like a windmill we see the can can dancers' show.  <br />On the way to the ballet, we saw a huge statue of Rodin's THE THINKER.  Cinderella was the ending of the ballet; we did not see the beginning.  When confronted with Anya, she wearily inquires, \\"How much pain will you inflict on an old woman?\\"  Now, she had decided to end her days with a lonely life in peace.  Dimitri carjacked the Empress to explain how and why he knows for sure this is the right Anastasia.  \\"I know you've been hurt,\\" he says, by his search for the young girl he had fallen in love with.<br />Anya had prayed, \\"Please let her remember me.\\"  It was the thing she wore around her neck which opened the music box which was the deciding factor.  As we watched the music box dancers, we hear a lovely song, \\"Once Upon a December.\\"<br />She had become bitter toward Dimitri when learning of his con game.  \\"From the beginning, you lied,\\" she'd proclaimed thinking he was just after the reward money.  Upon learning that he had refused the fortune due to a 'change of heart,' we see a bittersweet \\"goodbye.\\"<br />The mutt was a good mood-changer.  He was so cute, as was the bat which Rasputian had who wished he would just 'get a life.'  He got his own at the end of this movie.   <br />Anya was lured into a maze built around a beautiful fountain by evil forces.  She told Rasputain, the mad monk, \\"I'm not afraid of you.\\"   He'd declared, \\"What goes around comes around.\\" She is saved by Dimitri who had returned to claim her as his own and they destroyed his evil by tearing up the lighted skull.  Rasputain is turned into ashes after Dimitri had an encounter with a destructive Pegasus.  <br />After she tells him that 'all men are babies,' they eloped.  Isn't that romantic?!  A perfect ending to a perfect beginning.<br />The short documentary, Anastasia: A Magical Journey, aided the viewer not schooled in Russian literature to understand what the whole thing was about.  Long live the Romanovs.
6305161992|5.0|This film is so naive, full of mistakes and too short. I love it!!! Dolph never looked better, and of course Brandon's moves are great as always. The plot is simple: two caps in Little Tokyo figting against japanese mafia and one of them is looking for his personal revenge (Dolph, of course). The greatst thing about this film is that Dolph is the one who is born warrior and live by samurai codes, and Brandon doesn't have a clue about his culture! Martial arts are on the level and there is a lot of funny moments (such as the scene where Brandon told Dolph that he has the biggest d..k he had ever seen on a man!!!). Also, there are many mistakes (tatoos are wipping off, doll in the car instead of man...), but it's doesnt't matter. This film is very cool and you must seen it!
B0002I831S|5.0|The Original Star Trek is, hands down, the best TV series Ever. And the price above has to be the best price I've seen for it (Even warehouse stores can't beat it). Pick it up now!
B00005221L|5.0|When I saw this movie for the first time I become like possesed. It is simply beyond emagination. Where did Jim and John Thomas find the inspiration to create something like this?! And not just great script but the design of Predator is out of this world. I have watch this movie more than 30 times and it hasn't lost anything of it's power even it is 17 years old. Crew is also the-best-of-the best: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Carl Weathers, Sonny Ladham, Jesse Ventura... etc. For those who didn't watch this film yet (but I doub't it), this is the plot: Rescue tim is coming into the jungle to save the chief of CIA, but therorists are non the real threat - it is an alien head hunter who's coming to collect new trofies... Special effects are so advanced for that time that you could hardly belive that this film is that old. Only the final battle between Schwarzenegger and Predator is worth at least 10 watcing. And one information: Kevin Peter Hall who played Predator in both movies died in 1991.(and orriginaly Van Damme was the one who was selected to be Predator). Watch it on DVD (pleasure is even greater), or at least on VHS, just watch it!!!
B00006V9A0|5.0|Before I bought this CD, I read reviews saying &quot;This CD sucks&quot; and other negative comments, so I wasn't sure about buying it. I eventually got it and it was way better then I thought!<br />1. You Know You're Right 10/10<BR>This song is my 2nd fav on the album. It's disturbing how Kurts voice is during the song, its also his last studio recording with the band.<br />2. About A Girl 9/10<BR>Very catchy tune from the Bleach CD. This song shows Nirvana at their earliest stages.<br />3. Been A Son 6/10<br />One of my least favorites on the CD. Its like About A Girl, except harder to listen too.<br />4. Sliver 10/10<BR>Another awesome Nirvana song! Very catchy. My 3rd fav on the album.<br />5. Smells Like Teen Spirit 10/10<BR>A very cool song. I always get this confused with Rape Me. They both have the same intro! Smells Like Teen Spirit is a very Metal song, unlike most other Nirvana songs.<br />6. Come As You Are 7/10<BR>So-So. Alot of people like this one, but I dont. Maybe its because ive heard it so many times.<br />7. Lithium 10/10<BR>A funny song. Definetly one of the must listen to songs!<br />8. In Bloom 4/10<BR>Agh! I just can't get into this song! I like it but I dont! Most people have already heard this on the radio.<br />9. Heart-Shaped Box 10/10<BR>Wow! Awesome! This is another song that gets alot of air time, but its so cool! This song (to me) sounds alot like...<br />10. Pennyroyal Tea 10/10<BR>Fav song on the CD. I dont know why. I hated this song before. Listen to it for yourself. <br />11. Rape Me 10/10<BR>A fun song. It gets confused with Smells Like Teen Spirit because of the intro.<br />12. Dumb 3/10<BR>UGH! I hate this song! Horrible! Skip over it every time you listen to this CD1<br />13. All Apologies 5/10<BR>Funny. Its so-so, one of the weakest on the album.<br />14. The Man Who Sold The World 6/10<BR>Catchy, but nothing more.<br />I am also aware that there are versions that have Where Did You Sleep Last Night on it, I will not reviewthat song.<br />This is definetly one to add to your collection! BUY IT NOW!!
0316168815|3.0|I had high expectations for Lovely Bones.  In concept, it was curious and interesting - a story told from a dead girls' perspective.  A victim's story that goes beyond the grieving cycles and imagines a sort of after-life for the teenage Susie Salmon.  <br />For the most part, Lovely Bones delivered.  A contrived tale - how can a story from a dead girl not be? But written with warmth and good humour.  From her panoptic position in a heaven that looks a little like her school, she watches her family cope with her death and her siblings and friends grow up.  <br />Sometimes, the plot strays into cliches: fractured marriage; catalystic changes for the parents; sister's determination to track down the killer; naming of the child after the dead girl.  But the innovative point of telling rescues it from a turgid melodrama that the plot could otherwise be.<br />Oddly, for a fairly naturalist piece of writing, the ending descends into a bizarre and incongruous scene of super-magical realism.  It's a strange choice of ending, because it undermines the intimacy and realism of the novel.  Once she becomes supernatural, Suzie's narrative voice no longer seem real or genuine.  It seems cheap to trade a consistent tone and the quality of the writing for a &quot;happy&quot; ending that is intensely contrived.  Sebold seems keen to offer her protagonist some sort of closure, but is unable to find such closure in more grounded realities.  She resorts to ludicruous magical-realism, a la &quot;Ghost&quot; (Demi Moore &amp; Patrick Swayze), spoiling a sensitive and well-crafted and imaginative story.
B0001O3YD0|5.0|Set in the distant future, a spaceship carrying some 40 people, mostly ones wanting to settle on other planets from their own, hits a meteor shower and crash lands on a distant planet killing all but about a dozen of them. The survivors, led by the second-in-command Carolyn Fry, find themselves on a hot and humid landscape with constant sunlight from three orbiting suns. The marooned passengers soon learn that escaped convict Riddick isn't the only thing they have to fear. Every 22 years, the planet's three suns go into a total eclips and cause a 'lasting darkness' where the darkness brings out the planet's real inhabitants; Deadly creatures that lurk in the shadows, waiting to attack in the dark. It is the 22nd year and the planet is rapidly plunging into the utter blackness of a total eclips. With the body count rising, the doomed survivors are forced to turn to Riddick with his special eyes to guid them through the darkness to safety. With time running out, there's only one rule: Stay in the light.
B00005JKES|4.0|&quot;Twin Peaks&quot; didn't roar out of the gate when it first appeared. Lynch and Mark Frost quietly set up this twisted soap opera (which had an impact and influence on the style, look and texture of everything from &quot;The X-Files&quot; to &quot;CSI&quot;). My only complaint is that when I received this as a gift, my wife didn't know that the pilot episode wasn't included and that's where the murder occurs.<br />Here's what you do get--seven episodes in a nearly pristine high definition transfers of the original full screen series on four discs with extras on disc four. There's material from the fan website, a booklet (which should have had more material on the series), interviews, introductions by the Log Lady and audio commentary. I haven't accessed the latter two features yet and have only watched bits and pieces of each episode until I receive the 90 minute pilot episode.<br />The packaging is exceptional although it's in an accordian fold out case. Curiously (or not as Lynch isn't the most interested in doing audio commentaries from what I can tell), it looks as if Lynch doesn't do an audio commentary for the series. The set only gets four stars as it doesn't include the pilot and honestly this could have been put onto a two or three disc dual layered set without any loss of quality at a less expensive price. Still, all told it's always interesting to visit Twin Peaks. Aside from some damn fine coffee you're never quite sure what you'll get in Lynch and Frost's twisted tale of murder, money and dry humor. Get it before it goes away.
B0000X61UU|5.0|I am a dancer, so I wanted to have something else on the side to exercise all the muscles that dancing doesn't always reach. Plus, I wanted to get stronger. So I tried a Richard Simmons video. It was okay the first time but it was not challenging and I found it extremely annoying as well. So I saw this one in the store and thought I'd give it a try. WOW!! I have finally found a workout that was perfect for me! (I quickly tossed the Richard Simmons video.) I have only been doing it for a couple of weeks, and I'm feeling much more energetic and I'm losing some weight as well. After I did it for the first time, I was very, very achy, but not sore. The achiness was just a sign that it was working. So after sticking with it and doing it everyday, the achiness has left and I'm doing it a lot more easily now. It's not Hard, per se, it's just challenging. And if you stick with it you'll be glad you did!! It's amazing!
0446530891|2.0|I am a big fan of Baldacci but I just finished this one today &amp; must say i was disappointed. I found myself skimming the last 1/3 of the book just so I could finish it.<br />The beginning was good &amp; I couldn't put it down! I was really looking forward to a nice complex entertaining story but it just got too hard to follow &amp; really just boring. <br />The ending was just ridiculous....very implausible &amp; almost laughable. What a disappointment.<br />I can't believe this got more stars than Absolute Power &amp; Saving Faith???
B00005JKG7|4.0|John Carpenter is one of the best horror directors ever, his skill a evedent throughout his films especially in the case of music. Carpenter has taken the task of building his films from several angles very well choosing to write the music himself for most of them and that is the same with this lost classic. A small costal town is terrorised by a gang of murderous pirate ghosts who cast a horrable green fog over their victems before ripping them apart. I believe Carpenter's music is the backing of the entire film and the creep style of shots is masterful. Also the location he has found for the film is just right for the story he is telling. Of specific note is the very starting of the film, an old fisherman is telling ghost stories around a camp fire to a group of children when he comes to the story of the curse of the Fog, when he has finished the camera rises and gives a view of the bay at night and Carpenter's creepy score biggins putting the hairs on the back of your neck on end and you suddenly know, this is going to be a great horror movie.<BR>I suppose you could say that this film is somewhere between &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer&quot; and &quot;Pirates of the Carrabian&quot;.<BR>Also of considerable note are the scenes where you see the figures of the pirates standing in the green fog or their ship's mast and rigging looming over a fishing boat, very creepy and not to be missed.
B00005JKJA|5.0|To think: when I first saw this film two years ago, I absolutely DETESTED it.  I was sure it was an improvised recipe of every nightmarish Freudian symbol, designed to appeal to erzatz intellectual types who would decipher all kinds of meaning out of a film that actually had NO meaning to discern, other than to make money and create buzz.  I also buzzed endlessly about it: about how stupid, infuriating, and manipulative it was.<br />After seeing &quot;Mulholland Drive&quot; three more times, I can now safely say that it is one of my absolute favorite movies of all time. If abstract artists like Picasso, Magritte or Dali were filmmakers instead of painters, they would be creating sensory experiences like this.  Visually, David Lynch's depiction of Hollywood is vivid and dead-on, and that's an understatement.  Color-choices and lighting leap out at you, playing out against the backdrop of Angelo Badalamentis' dissonant, dream-like musical score.  The acting from Naomi Watts, Laura Harring, and Justin Thereux is astounding, especially considering how difficult it must have been for Lynch to explain to his cast WHAT the heck was going on with their characters.  And on the subject of characters, not since \\"Rosemary's Baby\\" has a director populated a film with such a dazzling, weird, instantly recognizable cameo appearances, from Ann Miller, Lee Grant, Chad Everett, and Billy Ray Cyrus.  It is almost impossible for me to believe that \\"Mulholland Drive\\" was originally intended for network television!  Strange, but true!<br />Oh, yes: The Plot.  It is extremely challenging to figure out, but it CAN be done.  I recommend that you reserve your sharpest observation for the last 45-minutes of the film, which can be tricky, because I guarantee you will feel like you're going into a hypnotic trance by that point. I am lucky enough to have many respected friends in the dramatic arts who kept encouraging me to revisit &quot;Muholland Drive&quot; long after I had sworn it off (one actress-friend of mine even gave me her own tiny list of clues to watch for).  At one point, I had become obsessed enough to sit and watch &quot;MH&quot; with a pad and pencil taking notes!  When the light bulb finally went off in my brain, I was hooked.  I won't bother to write a &quot;spoiler&quot; here, but if anybody wants my theory (I believe it is 99% accurate), feel free to e-mail me.<br />\\"Mulholland Drive\\" is a keeper, especially for cinema buffs, to be watched again and again over the years,.  More, please, Mr.Lynch!ctress-friend of mine even gave me her own tiny list of clues to watch for).  At one point, I had become obsessed enough to sit and watch &quot;MH&quot; with a pad and pencil taking notes!  When the light bulb finally went off in my brain, I was hooked.  I won't bother to write a &quot;spoiler&quot; here, but if anybody wants my theory (I believe it is 99% accurate), feel free to e-mail me.<br />\\"Mulholland Drive\\" is a keeper, especially for cinema buffs, to be watched again and again over the years,.  More, please, Mr.Lynch!
B0001BKAEY|4.0|I really couldn't wait to see this movie. Couldn't wait to see how it ends. With all the questions being asked, I wanted answers.<br />While some of the them were answered, some left you wondering what just happened. i have watched this movie 3 times and I still don't get the ending fully. I understand part of it, but the ending was a big let down.<br />For the most part, this movie was full of great special effects and heart pounding action, especially when the machines finally arrived at Zion. That was an awesome fight scene (and a long one). I saw one reviewer here that gave the movie one star but raved about the fight scene. So why only one star from him? Oh well.<br />For the most part, the movie does what it was intended to do. But you can't blame movie reviewers too much as it was the fans who let this movie down. More than likely it was the ending (I remember reading close to 100 reviews made by people who saw the movie when it first came out it wasn't good about the ending amongst other things) that threw people off.<br />Either way this was a very good movie. Not what I was expecting or hoping for, but it was a good movie.
0425156842|3.0|This is a history of western philosophy course disguised as a novel (or vice versa).  The author covers a much broader range of philosophers and schools of thought than is possible to cover through any intro class, all while keeping the language simple enough for the beginner philosopher to grasp the concepts.  The novel is much less intimidating than a textbook or attempting to read Hume's \\"Treatise\\" and Kant's \\"Grounding...Metaphysics\\".<br />Sophie's World gently guides the reader into an analytical mindset before diving into the most difficult philosophical questions.  It also encourages the reader to think and create their own philosophical stances along with Sophie.  However, there are some glaring omissions:  logic, philosophy of science, philosophy of language, and several modern philosophers (Karl Popper, Carl Jung, Korsgaard, etc.) are noticably absent.  This book is intended for those without any formal philosophy background and not for the philosophy snobs who will merely critique the author for the omissions rather than appreciating the book for what it is:  a unique way of introducing western philosophy in a concise abbreviated package.
1592400876|4.0|This book manages to give some good advice (tailored to a British audience -- and why not?) without being stuffy about it, which is more than can be said for some of the reader reviews. The doctor who teaches editing at UC Berkeley needs to get a sense of perspective. It's only punctuation, and the U.S. is only one of the world's several English-speaking countries. Matters of grammar and editorial style seem to bring out the worst in many people -- but not, fortunately, in Lynne Truss.
B000005RFQ|4.0|I probably can't add alot more in this review than others have in theirs...but here goes anyway !<br />I was initially disappointed when Ozzy was kicked out of Black Sabbath and replaced by Ronnie James Dio...and the same when Ian Gillan replaced Dio...but with each new singer and album...I felt they STILL had that &quot;Sabbath sound&quot;...just a fresh approach ! It also helped that I love Dio and Gillan's vocals with their other bands.<br />&quot;Born Again&quot; to me is underrated because of the expectations and previous shoes to fill...I suppose...but the work of Tony Iommi...Terry Butler and Bill Ward (welcome back albeit briefly at the time)...is EXCEPTIONAL here...and Ian Gillan sounds...well...like Ian Gillan...I enjoy his work! I think Ian overdid the sinister laughter and screaming on &quot;Disturbing The Priest&quot;...it almost sounded like he was making fun of the Sabbath &quot;sinister&quot; reputation...but it's a GREAT song ! Other standouts are &quot;Trashed&quot;....based on Ian having a few and then trashing a go-cart if I remember my story correctly...&quot;Zero The Hero&quot;...with some of the best guitar and rhythm ever done on a heavy metal album...a very catchy song...also the title song &quot;Born Again&quot; stands out for me. It has a very spooky...haunting feel to it. The rest of the songs are okay...but this Castle label release sounds pretty good to me...and there's a nice booklet with photos inside.<br />Of course Bill Ward didn't tour due to health reasons that year...and taking his place was ELO drummer Bev Bevan...and odd choice to me...but a great drummer...and friends told me the tour was pretty good !<br />This album may not be for everyone or for all Sabbath fans...but it's good....just for the fact that three of the four origional members are back together on it and played well !
B000002HRE|4.0|Those are the last word in the song Unforgiven II on this album. And this is what I would say to so called &quot;fans&quot; of metallica who rag on them for this stuff too. May be left overs but aren't leftovers good? <BR>            Fuel, Memory Reamains, Carpe Diem baby all good songs on this album. First off Fuel is strong and so is fixxxer and the end. Two good openers and enders. I haven't heard a good song since Fuel. It doesnt come clsoe to Nothing else matters, or One or Fade to black but it is hard rock and good drums. Least Metallica is quiting after St.Anger.
0385336810|5.0|daughter and I battled over who would read the newest Shopaholic book first. &quot;Can You Keep a Secret&quot; introduces a new haracter, Emma, who is not sure what she does at the Panther Corporation.  She would like a promotion.  She would like to one day have her parents notice her instead of always focusing on her cousin Kerry.  Emma knows her boyfriend Connor is a catch, yet she has a nagging feeling there might be someone else out there.  Emma is flying back from Scotland after a meeting with Glenn Oil that might have been the key to becoming a junior executive....a meeting that went horribly. Seated next to an American, she is glumly thinking of what she can do to  Panicked,  she clutches her companion in the next seat and spills her guts and begins to tell all.  Not the polite chit chat  that strangers share. She tells all....her real dress size, eating ice cream stuffing the empty containers in the bin, losing her virginity while her parents were watching TV in the next room, sneaking out from work to meet her friend at Starbucks (divulging their codeword, no less), all  the things you might tell a best friend over time, not a complete stranger all at once. Thank heavens Emma will never have to see that slightly overwhelmed American ever again. Having voiced all that,Emma feels as though she cannot  get back into step with her life.  And the American reappears, as her new boss. This was such a romp to read, was snickering half the time (note to self:read boring books at desk at work) and I was sad to finally finish it. I eagerly await the next book.
B00006879E|5.0|This cd is great. At first when i bought it i didn't listen to it that much. Now i realize that was a dumb mistake cuz it is a great cd. <BR>1.  Harder To Breathe 10/10 (1st single)<BR>2.  This Love 10/10 (2nd single)<BR>3.  Shiver 10/10<BR>4.  She Will Be Loved 10/10 (third single/my fave slow song)<BR>5.  Tangled 10/10 (my fave up-beat song)<BR>6.  The Sun 10/10<BR>7.  Must Get Out 8/10<BR>8.  Sunday Morning 5/10<BR>9.  Secret 9/10<BR>10. Through With You 10/10<BR>11. Not Coming Home 9/10<BR>12. Sweetest Goodbye 4/10
B0000C9JFO|4.0|This movie could well be the European version of the American sitcom. Being European means that it's short(er,) sex(-ual perversity some would say) comes as a matter of factly, and with the major theme strongly anchored in the current state of European affairs. New and old national clich&eacute;s are being illustrated by the characters in an novel setting. The characters, embodying students from different European nations, share (or rather overfill) an apartment in Barcelona. We see the Italian gaffe-ur, the righteous Brit, the history sensitive German, the French rationalist, etc. slowly inventing a common language, (which at times could be English, Spanish, French,) trading-off space and time, continuously testing the(ir) confines, all these and more in order to reach short-lasting yet fulfilling equilibria. There is a funny illustration even for the \\"extramarital\\" affair between Britain and the USA...<br />The actors' play is refreshing and casting is appropriate. The whole movie has plenty of color and maintains a sustained rhythm throughout. There will be more ways than one in which one can view/describe this movie, however one can at least enjoy it for its freshness that feels like a gin-and-tonic in a hot summer day. A well deserved 4 star...
0394800184|5.0|A fave of mine as a young'un, this tender tale will tickle the funnybone and touch the heart as the adorable little birdling asks various animals and items if they are his mother (who went to get food for him!)LOVED the scene with the earthmover! Those who said it was scary and about child abandonment need to lighten up. :-) Who hasn't gotten separated from their folks when they were little (like by wandering off in stores and such)A must read for everyone's childhood.
B000002HMH|5.0|Ok Load is a change yea i'll admit that but you got to remember something...If you're a true Metallica fan you would care less about the difference. Theyw ere gone on tour for 5 years for black album no wonde rit's a difference. If I were James I would be like &quot;Yea let's make this album so we can go see our familes.&quot;That probably what they were thinking. I've noticed, if you like old metallica and your not a true fan... YOU RAG ON EVERY NEW ALBUM AFTER BLACK ALBUM!!!!! Well that's not the point of this so....<BR>          Hero of the day, my girlfriend doesn't like metallica yet thats her favorite song, hmmm whats that tell you? That change is suppose to happen. Haircuts dont make a f***ing difference, if I grew my hair out would I be liek old Metallica? Aint my B**ch is a good song to, the ryhmes and the beat you can't beat it, as goes for Ronnie, story about a guy who kills everyone hmmmm. Overall There are too many good songs to name.<BR>          After all the ragging unless you are a die hard metallica fan like me, you will liek this albuma nd if you don't please don't say your a metallica fan please.
B00013RC9I|4.0|I will start off by letting you know that \\"synth pop\\" (or whatever you would classify Air as) is not my normal thing. Normally, even one of those two words would be enough to make me run away screaming, but something about this album caught a hold of me and refused to let go.<br /><br />A friend of mine kept playing this when I was around and like some sort of disease, it just ate into me somehow! Consider yourself warned.<br /><br />The songs are catchy and happy, and yet they still manage to invoke an introspective feeling that most \\"pop\\" doesn't. This quality makes it great background music, or music to just chill out to. Put this on at a party and people will notice it.<br /><br />In particular, the strech of songs from 'Mike Mills' (probably my favorite song) onward really stand out. The songs flow and complement each other helping to create an overall ambiance that maybe you wouldn't expect from this sort of music. One of the album's biggest strengths comes from it's simple diversity. Air use a number of different instruments / electronic sounds in a number of different ways. I'm pretty sure I even heard a banjo in there somewhere, and I think we can all agree that banjo's are pretty damn cool.<br /><br />Yes this ablum is \\"fluff\\". The lyrics will not stimulate deep conversations and the music isn't complex, but sometimes all you need is fluff.
014028902X|5.0|In todays day and age of Steve Erwin and Jeff Corbin who go around hunting for animals, it is easy to forget where it all started. With people like Gerald, and the London zoo. In this book, he collects animals, deals with his demented siblings and his long suffering mother who has to raise four kids and fend off the advances of a really persistent Colonel who gets increasingly vulgar and `grabby' when he drinks. This is a rare story that combines a humorous story with humorous writing and I once caused passengers in a flight to turn around and give me strange looks, so hard was I laughing.
1592400876|5.0|I personally am one of the sticklers Truss is trying so valiantly to unite for the common cause of punctuation perfection, and so rejoice in the publication of this dandy little book. Even for those not as irritated by a misplaced comma as I, the book is simply worth the read because of the humor sprinkled so abundantly within. Just the cover is worth a giggle. Truss is a master at keeping her audience in tow, and you almost forget you're reading about the history of the elipses. Pick up this book, laugh, and help save the world one semicolon at a time. The sticklers will thank you.
079074404X|5.0|This has to be my favorite movie about space travel and alien life. The landing of an exploration spaceship is believable and the technology is also reasonable. When they encounter invisible forces they are frightened and cautious.<BR>They encounter a former explorer who has taken up residence and is a great scientist. Tremendous computer knowledge and Krell metal are just samples of the far out technology. Robbie the robot makes entertaining fun for young folks and there's not much violence - a real plus, I think.
B000002H97|5.0|Black, The color of mourning or death...NOT IN THIS CASE! Metallica makes an awesome turn with the black album and starts there five year tour with it which can be heard on livesh*t. The vocals are written great and Hetfield brings out emotions in this one, like personal eperiences and feelings. Let me show you how.<BR>God that failed.... you may ask is Hetfield satanic or Ulrich? nah Hetfield is talking about his mom who died when she wouldn't let doctors treat her for cancer. Nothing else matters us about love. I personally play this for my girlfirend. The unforgiven is Hetfields personal young life, wheverevr I amy roam and enter sandman both good songs. Sad but true something the band knows well. Addiction. Too many songs to say. all I can say is buy this and you'll become a metallica fan
B0002I831S|5.0|With practically all of the Star Trek spinoffs now available as season sets, Paramount Home Entertainment FINALLY delivers the highly anticipated Star Trek - The Complete First Season on DVD this August 31, in an 8-disc collectible box set. The box will contain all 29 episodes - in airdate order - from Season One of the original Star Trek series, along with newly produced bonus features exclusive to this DVD release. The contents of the DVDs are as follows:<br />Disc 1: The Man Trap, Charlie X, Where No Man Has Gone Before**, The Naked Time<br />Disc 2: The Enemy Within, Mudd's Women, What Are Little Girls Made Of?, Miri<br />Disc 3: Dagger of the Mind, The Corbomite Maneuver, The Menagerie Part I**, The Menagerie Part II**<br />Disc 4: The Conscience of the King**, Balance of Terror, Shore Leave, The Galileo Seven<br />Disc 5: The Squire of Gothos, Arena, Tomorrow is Yesterday, Court Martial<br />Disc 6: The Return of the Archons, Space Seed, A Taste of Armageddon, This Side of Paradise<br />Disc 7: The Devil in the Dark, Errand of Mercy, The Alternative Factor, The City on the Edge of Forever<br />Disc 8: Operation: Annihilation<br />** These four episodes have text commentary by Michael Okuda and Denise Okuda.<br />Disc 8 of the DVD also includes the following special features:<br />*\\"The Birth of a Timeless Legacy\\" - The definitive telling of how it all began: from the first pilot, \\"The Cage,\\" (which will be included on the Season 3 set, and will be the same two versions released before) to reshooting the pilot with William Shatner, to the many challenges leading up to its premiere on NBC in 1966. Included are interviews with cast and network executives and producers. Also featured are new interviews with William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, and Robert Justman.<br />*\\"Life Beyond Trek: William Shatner\\" - Featured on each volume, this featurette follows one principal cast member around on their most current film and TV projects, charity events, conventions, trips, or hobbies. In Season One, William Shatner gives viewers an exclusive invitation to his ranch to discuss his love of horses.<br />*\\"To Boldly Go\\" - Includes discussion of \\"The Naked Time,\\" \\"The City on the Edge of Forever,\\" \\"The Devil in the Dark\\" and \\"The Squire of Gothos\\" by cast and production crew members.<br />*\\"Reflections on Spock\\" - Leonard Nimoy discusses his character in depth, and explains why he chose to write two different books on the subject: \\"I Am Not Spock\\" and \\"I Am Spock.\\"<br />*\\"Sci-Fi Visionaries\\" - A look at Star Trek's famous writers, featuring interviews with Gene Coon, Harlan Ellison, George Clayton Thomas, Richard Matheson, D.C. Fontana, Gene Roddenberry, Bob Justman and John D.F. Black.<br />*Original Preview Trailers<br />*Photo Log<br /><br />Here are the official release dates of the original Star Trek season sets:<br />- Season 1 on 8/31<br />- Season 2 on 11/2<br />- Season 3 on 12/14<br />- The Complete Series on 12/14gives viewers an exclusive invitation to his ranch to discuss his love of horses.  *\\"To Boldly Go\\" - Includes discussion of \\"The Naked Time,\\" \\"The City on the Edge of Forever,\\" \\"The Devil in the Dark\\" and \\"The Squire of Gothos\\" by cast and production crew members.  *\\"Reflections on Spock\\" - Leonard Nimoy discusses his character in depth, and explains why he chose to write two different books on the subject: \\"I Am Not Spock\\" and \\"I Am Spock.\\"  *\\"Sci-Fi Visionaries\\" - A look at Star Trek's famous writers, featuring interviews with Gene Coon, Harlan Ellison, George Clayton Thomas, Richard Matheson, D.C. Fontana, Gene Roddenberry, Bob Justman and John D.F. Black.  *Original Preview Trailers  *Photo Log  Here are the official release dates of the original Star Trek season sets:  - Season 1 on 8/31   - Season 2 on 11/2   - Season 3 on 12/14   - The Complete Series on 12/14
B00019PDKC|5.0|Fans of Anathema are a cult on to themselves. Imagine following a band for 8 years, a band that most people react to with an indifferent `who'. Play one of their songs for the average listener and the comparisons will flow - Dream theatre, Type O negative, Kurt Kobain, and so on, that totally forget to give them credit for their own unique sound. Their lyrics sometimes make Kurt sound like a cheerleader on uppers, and their music is always distinctively, brooding in a Heathcliffe, gothic kind of way. Sometimes lushly lyrical and sometimes with emotions expressed in a spare, esoteric manner, Anathema can be impossibly nuanced, but you have to buy into their music because it is not mainstream, and not even the sort that people will instinctively like. Anathema fans are born, not made, and they are the sorts who dress in black, read Herman Hesse and scoff at Mainstream rock.
1400049628|5.0|This book was very insightful to the knowledge of the living dead. With documented accounts and a barrage of survival techniques this book proves to be the #1 guide to face off any zombie foe. Should be on the shelves of every home in america. A definite must have!!!
B00028HBKM|5.0|I have to quote Pat Buchanan on this. <br />On coming away from a first, full viewing of Mel Gibson's \\"The Passion of the Christ,\\" among the questions that came is mind was: What in heaven's name was all the howling about? <br />For the all-powerful impression this emotionally draining film leaves one with is that this is what the Son of God went through for our sins and our salvation. Those who called \\"The Passion\\" anti-Semitic without seeing it, who tried to censor it and keep it out of theaters, and who trashed it as pornographic as soon as it appeared on Ash Wednesday have made perfect fools of themselves. <br />Gibson's \\"Passion\\" gives us a Lenten masterpiece, a beautiful moving work of art. To cradle Catholics who can recite the lines of each episode before they are uttered, it is faithful to the Gospels, to the Stations of the Cross, to the Sorrowful Mysteries of the Rosary. <br />But what you come out of this film with depends on what you took in. If you are looking for evidence of Jewish villainy, you can find it in Caiphas... and in the pathetic figure of Judas the betrayer. <br />But almost all the heroines and heroes are also Jews. <br />For this is, after all, a Jewish and Roman story, though Caiphas appears as a cartoon villain alongside Pilate, the more interesting figure. For Pilate is gripped by a moral dilemma, and takes the weakling's way out, ordering Christ crucified -- though he believes Christ to be innocent. <br />But the gleeful sadistic brutality of the Roman soldiers who scourge Christ near to death and to their own sweaty exhaustion, and to the disgust of their centurion, is more memorable and indelible. Yet no one has suggested the film is anti-Roman or anti-Italian. <BR> <BR>Which brings us to the heart of the matter: Mel Gibson is under attack not because he twisted the Gospels but because his film is faithful to the Gospels. It is anti-Semitic only if the Gospels are anti-Semitic, only if Christianity is anti-Semitic, only if a hatredof Jews is embedded in the New Testament from Gethsemane to Golgotha. But no true follower of Christ can believe that about Him or about His mission or His words. <br />Indeed, in the savagery of the attacks on Gibson what is coming out of the closet is a visceral hatred of Christianity. <br />Consider: Art critics have instructed us to appreciate that the \\"Piss Christ,\\" a figurine of Jesus on the Cross in a jar or urine, was art; that a portrait of the Madonna with elephant dung smeared on it and female genitalia surrounding the face is artistic freedom of expression that must be respected. <br />We were told \\"The Last Temptation of Christ\\" that portrayed Jesus as a lustful wimp pining over Mary Magdalene was a beautiful film. Yet the same critics tell us \\"The Passion\\" is an insult to decency that should never have been made.   <br />What we see here is naked hypocrisy. Traditional Christians must accept \\"art\\" that degrades the symbols of their Faith in the name of artistic freedom, but a film that upholds the Faith, to which the Hollywood elite objects, will cost you your career. <br />Gibson has scored a triumph in the culture war by telling The Greatest Story Ever Told with artistry and courage, while under a year-long attack by enemies whose hatred of the Gospel truths caused them to stumble and blunder themselves into laughable absurdity. <br />And there is an ancillary benefit. Because of the over-the-top attacks on Gibson, millions who see \\"The Passion\\" will also come to see the slur of \\"anti-Semite!\\" for what it has all too often become, an attempt to smear, silence, intimidate, ostracize and blacklist.
1592400876|3.0|Some of those who have trawled through this book looking for grammatical errors with which to beat the author seem to have missed the point (besides being a bit sad). <BR>For a start, Truss owns up to not being a grammarian and the book is not intended as a primer. Indeed, Truss revels in some 'non-standard' forms of grammar and punctuation. Rather, it is a light-hearted polemic about the importance of punctuation and its role in enhancing the sense of written English. In this the book succeeds relatively well.<BR>For those Americans complaining about its &quot;Britishness&quot; and the different rules of British and Amrrican grammar and punctuation, all I can say is please remember there is a world outside the United States. The book was written by an English woman with a British audience in mind (Australian grammar and punctuation tend to be the same, although this is changing), but the central message is the same for all readers. Punctuation matters (albiet some rules are more important than others in establishing the sense of a sentence).
B0001LJCPC|5.0|i have almost everything that I've been looking for. except one. this score that is played when Bill iis talking to Bride in the church when she asks him &quot;Do I look pretty?&quot;. if anyone know what is it please help.
0156029065|5.0|Eco's Baudolino is a wonderful story -- but what makes it worth reading is his treatment of themes that are timeless and transcend the story -- how people come to believe what they believe, the relationship between truth and fiction, between friendship, ambition, and treachery, between a leader and his advisors.  He moves from chapter to chapter writing a complex medieval romance, weaving in his store of knowledge of magical creatures, medieval theology, and science, and that story is compelling.  But at the same time he tells a story of the relationship of his characters to each other, and to truth, lies, and power, that rings as modern as a headline or political memoir.
630463949X|5.0|Like my title refers to a moment of the concert, after Nicks sang Landslide, i believe they were so emotionals like fans of this extraordinary band like me when we see this concert. A lot of problems have passed, John &amp; Christie divorce because of alcohol addiction of him, Lindsey mocking of Stevie on stage and making her cry ,etc., was part of the cost of success, now, back on stage, they seem to be fine with each other, a family like in the old times.<BR>The band sounds maybe not better than before, but yesterday's gone, I agree My Little Demon is no a very good song, some of their Say You Will is far better, but the concert is all the story in music of this Megaband in a good shape and intact talent.
B0001MDP3G|1.0|Horrible.  That is the only word I can think of for this movie.  If you have read the book, you will be greatly disappointed in this movie.  The book was a dynamic tale of the human history/viewpoint of OUR civil war, yet the movie was filmed in Poland, with an Australian actress and an English actor.  Jude Law was very good in his part as was Renee Zellwigger (sp.).  Unfortunately, these two could not carry the movie.  Although I have loved Nicole Kidman in other films, she was pretty lousy in this...no magnetism between her and Jude Law.
