B00001PE4D|5.0|The actors and actresses performed greatly in making this movie one of my favorites and &quot;must buy&quot; list.  If you haven't seen this movie, go rent it or buy it.  One of my favorite sences is the kiss with the Buffy  gal and the Zoe gal.  It will make you feel discusted, but very interesting  and great acting.  Very funny (if your mind could process the dirty jokes).   Recommend HIGHLY.
6305075379|4.0|A vary good movie.  I take one star off for the English dubing.  I sugest the relest the Aurstralin version, or at least have it as an Autio track.
B00003XB8K|5.0|If you are a lover of Cretu's work..you will not be disappointed. This latest creation from these masterful wizzards of creation and musical endeavors have done nothing but delighted my senses and soul once again.  The vocals are powerful as the music is explosive and climatic.
0553108034|5.0|Are you tired of superheroic fantasy types who can walk through the most dangerous situation, yet always escape unscathed.  Try GRRM for a dose of realism.  He plays with his characters like an angry and unpredictable  nature god, removing heads and other parts from key characters to let us  know this series is for keeps.  The good guys don't seem to be winning, but  the action is always there.  Characters are shades of grey rather than  black and white, and the bad guys don't seem to necessarily get their due.   <br />All in all, the best books and series in fantasy I have ever read.  Of  course, I don't like the stylism of Tolkien, but GRRM's tight writing style  is fabulous and taut with action.  A depth of world comparable to Jordan  without the often ponderous review necessitated by a dozen book series.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|If you just can't get enough of the Ghostbusters, you'll get so much more from this DVD! Features Harold Ramis (Egon Spengler) and Ian Reitman share wits a la Mystery Science Theatre. And the deleted scenes, can't miss!   Amazing sound and picture clarity.<br />Such a shame there's no part three to  this movie.
B000021XR5|1.0|A previous reviewer stated &quot;The more you listen, the better it gets!&quot;  Unfortunately, I did not find this to be the case.  Although I love Core and Purple, No. 4 fell way short of my expectations.  The  majority of material on this album sounds like songs STP had to come up to  give the record company that last album they owed them on their contract.  It is the musical equivalent of a 10-page book report an eighth grader  might write the night before it is due, about a book he read the day  before, and which didn't interest him at all.  I was driven to buy this CD  by the killer single &quot;Down&quot; which I heard on the radio.  This is  a great song, but the rest of the CD bores me to tears.  Unfortunately, it  is not worth taking up a slot in the car CD changer for just the one cool  song, so this CD is collecting dust in the house.
1878424114|5.0|The subheading of this book &quot;the Fulfillment of your Dreams&quot; is quite a fascinating concept.  This best-selling author, guides the reader down a path of 'success', outlining principles and disciplines bound to  help anyone reach a higher spiritual plane.  This book shows you how to  discover and unleash your 'true' self by breaking away from fear~ based  thinking ( seeking approval of  our actions/ needing to control /and a need  for power are all fear~based methods of thinking).  In fact, readers are  urged to break away from the 'Pavlov effect' by resisting conditional  reflexive responses triggered by circumstances out of one's control.  Mr.  Chopra goes on to explain that most people spend the majority of their  energy connvincing or persuading others of their point of view.  He asks  the reader to understand that what they are feeling is not someone else's  fault, instead one should take responsibility for one's own thoughts and  actions.<br />There was a phrase that caught my attention.  It read, &quot;The  operational software of your soul is karma, memory &amp; desire&quot;.  The  chapter goes on to explain that everything is energy and information.  Your  attention to something energizes it, your intention transforms it.  Therein  lies the key, intent is desire without attachment to a particular outcome.   A great quote from the book  reads &quot;The past is history, the future is  a mystery, and this moment is a gift... that is why this moment is called  the 'present'.&quot;  So  we must learn to accept the present and intend  the future, for the future is created now in the present.<br />One of the  simplest insights to apply in everyday life, is to remember that the  easiest way to achieve a goal or get what you want out of life ( whether it  is personal or business oriented ) is to help others get what they want.   Success is much easier to accomplish when there are myriads of people who  want you to succeed, as opposed to when it's just you.<br />In each of the  Seven Spiritual Laws, Mr. Chopra presents a way for people to align their  lives with the most compatible way of achieving success in one's life.   This title weighs in at a mere 110 pages, but it sure packs a wallop of  punch.  A knockout punch to be sure.  This book is highly recommended for  anyone who wants to achieve a higher level of spirituality and an  understanding of how their world operates. In fact, even a basic human cell  follows the spiritual laws.  This is one of the best investments of time  and money you'll ever make, and a treasure you'll come back to again and  again.
B00002E233|1.0|This movie is soooo not worth seeing!   It is not the least bit scary, the JAWS movies were WAY better than this! If your smart you won't waste your money on this!
B00000I2UE|5.0|If you never heard of these guys or of this album, give them a shot.  Personally, I think this album is their quintessential album.  I remember listening to them constantly during the late eighties.  The song  &quot;Darklands&quot; should rank up their as one of the great depressing  songs of all time.  Up their with Joy Division's &quot;Love Will Tear Us  Apart&quot; or The Cure's &quot;Kyoto's Song&quot;.  Admittedly it was  depressing but I could not stop listening to it.  I lost the CD and had to  have it in my collection.
630512065X|5.0|This musical, is something that you can never ever get tired of! I'm in love with the cast, characters, costumes, dancing, singing, and acting! CATS has made me want to be in musicals when I become older! :) I want to  be in CATS badly, but it's very hard to decide who to be! I mean because of  Jo Gibb I want to be Rumpleteazer! because of Veerle I want to be Jemima!  because of Phyllida I want to be Victoria! And well you get the point! :) I  want to be Bomb and Demeter, and Etcetera too! But I HAVE come up with a  name! (it was hard to decide! but I did it!) yes, if you have read  &quot;Jellicle Frank's&quot; reviews you WILL see me in there :) I have met  the most wonderful people! Jellicle Frank, Mungo, Angelcat, Neppy, and so  many more! :) I love them all dearly and I might be able to meet two of  them this summer! so you see, CATS is truley amazing! :) It will be a  treasure of mine forever! CATS FOREVER!
B00000JBCP|4.0|A collection of popular hits, &quot;Mana Unplugged&quot; is a brilliant acoustic concert. Each song has a new edge providing new rythm and style. Although the quality is obvious, it lacks personality from the group  members, there is no connection with the audience and is missing Mana's  usual spark.
B000005S0E|4.0|Ever felt like no one understands?  Ever hated yourself because no one else seems to care?  That's why The Cure wrote &quot;The Top&quot;.  Don't listen to what the critics say because they have never been disinfranchised  and they have never felt the pain of being an outsider.  The album touches  a nerve that few artists dare to go near.  Feel the pain!  Love it!   Embrace it!  Don't be afraid.  &quot;The Top&quot; is for all of us freaks  out there who can't relate to what the rest of the world is doing.  Don't  miss &quot;Piggy in the Mirror&quot;, &quot;Give Me It&quot;, etc.  This is  not the &quot;incoherent&quot; album the critics touted.  This is real,  unadulterated pain and angst set to music.  NOT TO BE MISSED. Not for the  faint at heart, as it may induce suicidal tendencies... Classic Cure.   Robert Smith rules forever.
6305513406|5.0|Why does everyone care that there are only two episodes per DVD?  I grew up watching this show and this format does it justice.  Someone said that the surround sound is cheesey.  Of course it is.  That is what makes the  show so good is that the entire production is cheesey.  If the surround  wouldn't have been it would not match the ambiance of the rtest of the  show.  This format is fantastic.  I just wish they would release the  episodes all at once----like tommorow.
0141301139|5.0|fantastic mr fox is my book of the millennium because i could read it over and over again for another thousand years. i recommend it for everybody over the world.
B00000J7J4|5.0|There back and as hot as ever. Same sweet Santana sound and on the verge of stardom. I am a huge fan of Santana and they got a grrrrreat CD here. Collaborations left and right, each time sweet as sugar. Buy it if you  looooovvvve to dance! PARTY
6304806442|4.0|Trainspotting can't help but be a deeply affecting experience. Having just seen it for the first time I feel mired in it. This film makes you feel frustrated, pent-up and desperate to to change your life radically, as if  in the depths of a vicious, destructive cycle. This feeling is hard to  shake even when you realize that you're not, in fact, hopelessly addicted  to heroin with the only bright spot in your life a young Lolita who you  keep seeing simply because if you break it off, she'll turn you in to the  cops. In a plot I kept expecting to become maudlin or 'Hollywood,' the film  is without identifiable holes, right down to the ending, which is not what  you would expect, except if you realize that the only possible choice is to  do what is not expected. Ewan McGregor is excellent in his breakthrough  role and Robert Carlyle is very strong, if miles away from his role as  'Gaz,' the lead in &quot;The Full Monty.&quot; The DVD version is a clean,  sharp transfer, although there are no special features. However, I'm not  sure how relevant that is because I can't imagine anyone wanting to see  this possessing film enough times to want to own it. As excellent and  gripping as it is, I'll be glad to get this out of my system.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is one of those bands you rarely see,.... lyrics w/ rage,great beats,and cool people. This CD is the best one ive heard since Korn's &quot;issues&quot;..SLIPKNOT!
B00002SWEM|5.0|After all that's been said about the Grammy award winner album by Ry Cooder, I had to watch this superb documentary. They were right, this film deserves, also an award. Reknown musician and singer Ry Cooder sits back as  Dream Team coach and lets this long forgotten talents of cuban music tell  him naturally their stories, like Ibrahim Ferrer's recording debut at age  72 or Compay Segundo's 90 year old romance intentions. The heartwarming  side of this film probably is the chance that this very talented singers  and musicians have to fulfill every musician's dream concert: full house  attendance at the legendary Carnegie Hall and Amsterdam. They also get to  know the Big Apple and display child-like innocence and awe.  One of the  mayor acheivements of the film is how Wim Wenders blends the cuban studio  and city shots with the actual concerts in N.Y. and Amsterdam. This is Not  a concert though. All the songs are blended with interviews or Havanna  scenaries.The video quality is very good, but don't expect IMAX or so. The  sound quality is impecable and there are some extras (a couple of full  songs). If you want an experience beyond ethnic music (which is great) but  into ethnic discovery (which is grater) buy this gem.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is one of those bands you rarely see,.... lyrics w/ rage,great beats,and cool people. This CD is the best one ive heard since Korn's &quot;issues&quot;..SLIPKNOT!
B000001FS3|5.0|&quot;With or Without you&quot; made me buy the whole cd for that one song, but I was wrong.  The whole cd is amazing!  U2 was the first band that got me into rock n roll.  Then, I listened to alot of Beatles and  started to collect all their albums, and I did the same with U2.  I can  say, That the &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot; does it all!  I'm so surprised to  see it not have five stars.  &quot;Where the street have no name,&quot;  &quot;one tree hill,&quot; &quot;bullet the blue shy,&quot; are my  favorites.  I owe it all to U2 who got me into good rock n roll music.  If  you want some good alternative, I urge you to buy &quot;the Joshua  Tree!&quot;
0345350499|5.0|This was an amazing book. I read it when I was only 12, but I loved it anyway. The words would flow, it was like music, and before I knew it I was at page 400, more than any book I had read before. I read the rest, and the  end was so sad, I cried because of that and just because I was sad that it  was finished. I've never read another book like that in my life, but now  I'm obsessed with anything concerning the Arthurian legends, and I'm still  looking for a book that can live up to the stadards this one set for me.
B00003ETIF|1.0|Don't get me wrong, One Eyed Jacks is a great film, but don't even consider buying this DVD. The transfer looks washed out, as if it had been done from a 15 year old betamax copy.  The sound echoes badly from beginning to end and worst of all the picture breaks up completely about  two thirds of the way through the film.  Even though it's not a lot of $'s I beg of  you don't buy this DVD.
B00000K0DT|5.0|Every once in a while a movie comes along that elicits extremes of either like or displeasure. As far as The Usual Suspects is concerned, I have friends who say that this is a movie too enamored of its own convoluted  inventiveness to rank among the all-time classics: Personally, I disagree  and  think this is a masterpiece of a movie. Christopher McQuarrie's Oscar  winning screenplay, skillfully brought to life by director Bryan Singer, is  a patchwork of elements that combine to thrill the viewer and draw you ever  deeper into the intricate web of the plot.  Kevin Spacey deservedly won an  Oscar for his portrayal of Verbal Kint, the club-footed short con artist  who gets mixed up with a gang of hardened felons - delightfully played  Gabriel Byrne, Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Pollak, and Benicio Del Toro - but  all is not as it appears.  <br />The central theme of the movie is one of  detection: Who is the criminal mastermind   Kyser Söze ? Does he exist and  if so, who is he?  The five crooks find themselves forced by Söze's  supposed lawyer, wonderfully played by the British actor Pete  Postlethwaite, into performing a daring raid to interrupt a cocaine deal -  but is this really the reason for the ninety-one million dollar exchange?   The story is recounted by Spacey to the investigating customs officer,  played by the skillful Chazz Palmintieri, in ever increasing levels of  complexity.  The to and fro between Palmintieri and Spacey is a delight to  watch but it would spoil the experience to describe the scenes in too much  detail.  Suffice it to say that the end is not what we are led to expect!   This movie is an all round pleasure: the writing inventive, the acting  delightful, and the visual clues are a creation of the writer and director  that require a second viewing to fully appreciate. The bulletin board... but  that would be giving it away!
6302732875|5.0|This movie has the best performances I've ever seen by some of these actors. Al Pacino and Jack Lemmon were the best. There's no action, no sex,no violence, and no intended comedy, even though a lot of the dialog is  hilarious. It's about a day in the life of some real estate sellers, most  of whom are at a low point. All this information would normally persuade  someone to skip this movie, but it is definitely worth the couple of  dollars it takes to rent it. Al Pacinor Jack Lemmon should have got an  academy award for their performances. Maybe the same for Alec Baldwin if he  had a bigger part. He's only in the movie for five minutes, but his  character is very memorable. If you're afraid of a lot of relentless  profanity, then maybe you should skip this movie and rent It Takes Two.  Otherwise, you most likely won't be disappointed.
B000002G7E|5.0|An incredible album from an incredible band. The brilliance of this album cannot be overstated, it was one of the last great album of the 60`s.
B000002J1O|5.0|&quot;Young man says 'You are what you eat, eat well'.  Old man says 'You are what you wear, wear well'.  You know what you are, you don't give a damn.. you're bursting your belt that is your home-made sham!&quot;   Magical lyrics like these along with stunning instrumentals are what make  this album one of the best progressive rock albums ever.  Selling England  transports you into places that are so vivid you will want to relive them  over and over again.  To me, it is almost inconceivable how someone (mostly  Gabriel) can write such eloquent lyrics and match it with instumentals that  are second to none... a far cry from today's mindless pop culture music.
0385493800|5.0|This book is amazing. Even though it isn't much like any of John Grisham's other books, it is still a good read. I really enjoyed reading this one and couldn't put it down.
B000002UD1|4.0|We all know that John was better as Beatle. So, as John Lennon with Yoko Ono and her &quot;influences&quot; he made one of his bests records. We can feel the &quot;John Lennon&quot; touch in songs like &quot;One Day At A  Time&quot; and &quot;Asumasen&quot;, &quot;Freda People&quot; and  &quot;Only People&quot;. In overall, this record is great, so if you love  John Lennon as I do, this one is a must.
B000002UAR|5.0|Revolver is a sonic masterpiece.  This is musicianship, pure and simple.  With all due respect to the previous reviewer, who wrote that he &quot;could write equivilent[sic] stuff&quot;--I say, perhaps, but only  because the Beatles did it first and taught us the sounds.  You can't undo  or overestimate their influence.  I mean, the use of perspective in  painting was once a major breakthrough of genius but is now so commonplace  as to be invisible to us.  Despite the Beatles' ubiquity, if you listen you  will hear something new in their songs everytime.
034538072X|3.0|The Six Wives of Henry VIII was more about Henry VIII than it was his wives.  A lot of information was given about Tudor history, the political state of Britain and Henry himself, but there was a lack of information on  his wives.  Katherine of Aragon was portrayed pretty well, but after that  Henry's wives were not described in depth.  The book never told how each  women actually felt.  Their births, parents, lives and marriage was  chronicled in detail, but their feelings and personalities didn't have much  play at all.  The book is historically well written, easy to understand and  was overall very intersting and gripping.
0440234743|4.0|I read all of Grisham's books and look forward to his new release in February.  Several friends told me The Testament was not as good as his other books. I disagree! I really enjoyed it and had trouble putting it  down. It is different from his other books but still great fun to read.
B00000I9MK|5.0|B&amp;S is one of my favorite bands, and this album is the first of their three fine LPs.  The songs are poetic and lyrically fantastic, and the melodies capture you...&quot;Expectations&quot; has become my personal  anthem...buy it now!
B00001R3GI|3.0|Exile On Main St. is way over-hyped. It's really not that great. Sticky Fingers is a much better Stones album. This is a good album, don't get me wrong, but in no way deserving of the praise that's heaped on it. The songs  are mostly forgettable, unlike Sticky Fingers which has several great,  memorable songs. If you want to hear a truly great rock album, though,  check out the Beatles' White Album.
0679746048|5.0|When I read this book I was amazed on how much truth to life lies in it. Even if I am a teenager,I enjoyed every minute of this heart filled and exciting book of insanity and sanity. This is a must read.
B000000XCK|5.0|This is a great album. Truly undeserving of all the criticism. I think Pendulum is CCR's most instrumentally tight album. Just check out John Fogerty's riffs on Pagan Baby, or the awesome organ solo on Born To Move.  Not a bad song on here, except maybe for Rude Awakening #2. Creedence fans  must own.
0060925000|5.0|i got this book at april and never really got round to reading it with studying. i started reading it around the june july and never could part myself from the wonderful storylines and different things going on at once  in the book. i have just finished it and i wish it was longer. it gives the  reader the point of view from the girl lata and her mother who only wants  whats best for her daughter and what latas late father would have wanted. i  would read it again and again.
B000031WD9|5.0|This is a very funny down-to-earth movie.  It depicts real life choices that face some teens today.  Some parts aren't suitable for children under 17 but all in all it was a good movie.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I absolutely adore Alanis!   (I flew from Oregon to Sacramento only to drive to Concord, just to see her &amp; Tori in concert! )  I really enjoy Junkie.  My fave song is &quot;Would Not Come&quot;.  I very much enjoy the  inner-peace and resolvement she achieves in these songs.  I also agree with  one of the other reviewers in the aspect that this album was a good way for  Alanis to weed out the teeny-bopper band-wagon fans.  True fans will love  this album and will stick by Alanis' side--no matter what! I absolutely  love Alanis.
B00000J7JO|5.0|i recieved this cd as a gift and it hasn't left my stereo since i got it!  not only does anthony have one of THE MOST AWESOME voices i have ever heard, but this band has got it all together for great sounds.  i really  like 'otherside', 'californication', and 'easily', but find it hard to skip  any song in this great line-up!
0064407667|4.0|Very exciting and thrilling.  It's so sad, that it's funny.  I'm glad everything turned out alright.  I think this is a good children's book, and I'd recommend it to anyone.
B00001R3GI|5.0|after listening three times i experienced an eargasm !  this is the best music ever made because it gives you everything from incredible tasty guitarlicks to beautiful moody moments to  energy and inspiration !  Every  moment is like drinking a fine bourdeaux on a beautiful summerevening with  a beautiful woman .
B000002C1X|5.0|I spend more time listening to music than I do watching TV, reading, or working.  I've heard a lot of music, and this is by far the best album ever recorded.  It's not merely a collection of songs, but one incredible medley  of music that reaches deep down to the very soul of the listener with a  metaphor so intense, it'll change your perspective on life.  Every lyric,  every note, every bit of background noise is perfectly positioned and timed  so that you can understand the music without having to think about it.   Songs like &quot;Another Brick in the Wall&quot; and &quot;Hey You&quot;  bring you into a surreal world that reflects your own, and  &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; lets you see it with your ears.  The climax is  &quot;The Trial&quot; where the entire plot comes together, and the  masterpiece reveals what is &quot;Outside the Wall&quot;.  Nobody should  call themself a music fan who has not heard The Wall.  Once you hear it,  you won't stop hearing it, and you won't want to.
B000001IPL|5.0|The Offspring's 1994 CD, Smash, was a smash hit and everypunk rock fan should own one. All 14 songs are cool, there is not one flaw on the CD. They are explosive powerful songs that will make you want to trash that  Americana CD of yours. Plus there is a cool secret song if you fast forward  song #14 to the end. But I wont tell you waht it is you have to buy this  album first! Plus, you can probablt get it for a cheap price now that it is  a few years old.
6305648522|5.0|A story so beautiful and deceptively simple that it could be described as a fable of a boy persuing his dream and becoming a man.  The relationship between him and the projectionist, rich and depth, the sons and fathers  among us understand.  And anyone who's ever felt women, the world, life  itself as a movie can understand this boy's love affair with the art.  A  sublime, bittersweet ode to the love, treat yourself to this film!
B000001IPL|5.0|The Offspring's 1994 CD, Smash, was a smash hit and everypunk rock fan should own one. All 14 songs are cool, there is not one flaw on the CD. They are explosive powerful songs that will make you want to trash that Americana CD of yours. Plus there is a cool secret song if you fast forward  song #14 to the end. But I wont tell you waht it is you have to buy this  album first!
079073463X|5.0|Ladyhawke is a wonderful love story about two cursed lovers and a young petty theif that helps them in their quest to make things right. I loved this video because there was just something magical about the entire story  and I thought the acting was really good for the young cast. It is one of  those movies you want to watch over and over again.
0780625129|5.0|I have seen this movie about twice.  This movie is very vivid in showing how skinheads are.  All though some skinheads aren't really rascist such as the ones who started and are a part of the groups Anti-Racist Action, which  was formed to stop the stereo-type that all skinheads were racist nazis who  killed people of other races and the skinheads who started adn are a part  of S.H.A.R.P (Skinheads Against Racial Prejudice) which has the same  purpose as ARA.  This movie may make you feel uncomfortable at some parts  but I highly reccomend it!
B00002E23H|5.0|I think this movie was awesome.  I really like suspense movies but so far this was the best.  The sharks have a mind of their own.  I think this movie was good because you can't suspect what happens next.  You guess at  who's going to die but, it takes alot of turns the people who you think are  going to live most times end up dead. I think this movie is good for anyone  who likes suspense and action.
630575067X|1.0|Undoubtedly, this is the worst Star Wars movie of the four. It is pointless, silly and pretty much stupid. The plot is somewhat confusing and the characters speak English with such an accent, nobody understands them.  Jar Jar was another bad idea. What moron at Lucasfilm's thought of him? He  was completely designed for kids yet many fans are kids AS WELL AS Adults.  Jar Jar had absolutely no point in the movie. He could have easily been  drafted out of it. This movie all together was a bust. The only reason it  wasn't a flop was because it carried the prestigious name STAR WARS. If  George Lucas had brought this script to Fox Studios 22 years ago, they  would have rejected him along with every other movie company in the world.
6304500556|5.0|THIS IS A MOVIE THAT HAS WHAT YOUR LOOKING FOR! COMEDY, NUDITY, VIOLENCE, VAMPIRES, BLOOD, THOUGHTFUL PROFANITY, AND TWO CRAZY GUYS PLAYING TWO CRAZY GUYS IN ONE FUN MOVIE! THIS MOVIE SHOWS VIEWERS EXACTLY WHAT THEY SHOULD  WANT TO SEE. A GOOD MOVIE! THIS MOVIE FLAT OUT ROCKS! I WOULD SUGGEST THIS  MOVIE ABOVE ANY OTHER GEORGE CLOONEY MOVIE. DON'T MISS OUT ON THIS  THOUGH-FILLED, WARM, CRUDE, SEXY, ACTION PACKED THRILL RIDE...NEED I SAY  MORE?
B0000041Q3|5.0|Turandot, Puccini's last opera, contains some of the most glorious music that he composed.  And this performance does complete justice to the music. It is as close to a perfect performance that is possible.  Dame Joan  Sutherland, who never performed the role on stage, is as cold as ice as the  man-hating princess until Calaf wins her heart. At that moment she  transforms into a warm hearted lover.  Unfortunately I never saw La  Stupenda on stage, but I've always heard that she had a rather large voice.  Sure, it wasn't as big as Nillson's, and I don't know how her portrayal  would've been in the theater.  But in the studio she was perfect.  Pavarotti also hadn't performed the role of Calaf when this recording was  made but he also knew his character well. He is every inch the ardent  prince. Ringing voice and all.  His 'Nessun dorma' requires no comment. The  role of Liu is sweetly and heartbreakingly sung by Montserrat Caballe (who  herself sang Turandot).  This recording also includes Nicolai Ghiarouv in  the small role of Timur. Peter Pears also makes a cameo as the Imperatore.  In short: This is the only Turandot recording to own.
B00000DMJF|5.0|The White LP as I refer it to, is one of their great LPs the list of songs appeals to just about all music tastes, as stated before. I feel that the remaining three should leave well enough alone. I have heard &quot; Hey  BullDog &quot; redone and I think that they should have left it alone. The  origional sound is the true beatles sound. As stated in the other reviews  there are songs that should be left in the momo format like Rvolution. (  the flip side of Hey Jude ). The mono format delivers the true growl that  the song was intended. A grunge song that could hold up to todays  standards. The stereo format leaves it flat.  The three remaining Fab four  and the exes. responsable, Present the music in the correct format and stop  turning the classic LPs ( Yellow Sub ) into complete rubbish
6303430570|5.0|The first and the best of Kevin Smith films, &quot;Clerks&quot; will crack you up every 5 minutes, and leave you begging fo more. Kevin Smith has an incredible knack for comedy, and I wish he would hurry up and make more  movies! &quot;Dogma&quot; is also excellent. &quot;Clerks,&quot; however,  has the most cynical sense of humor, and Smith's first is his best, no  contest. Not for the easily offended (but see it anyway, because it's a  riot!)
B00002Z88D|5.0|The new Metallica CD is awesome. This CD has all of the good classic songs from their original CDs and 2 new ones. I would recomend this CD to anyone who likes Heavy Metal. This CD is guareenteed a winner.
0375751513|5.0|Wilde's novel takes us through the dangers and temptations of hedonism.  It is a fantastic psychological adventure.
B0000025RI|5.0|Ever since I was little, Michael Jackson has ceased to amaze me. Just when you think he has shown you the best, done the unthinkable, he steps it up a notch higher. Thriller had to be his personal best CD of all time, and the  sales agree with it. Although I am a big fan of Bad, Dangerous, and Off the  Wall, I believe there is no better CD on the market, not just by him, but  by anyone.
079073639X|2.0|What went wrong? All the signs were so good! Dustin Hoffman! Sharon Stone! Sam Jackson! Barry Levinson! There's no WAY you could have convinced me this film could go wrong.<br />It has. The plot, and the premise, is beautiful  - a new twist on a familiar idea. Great work on the psychotalk section, and  some clever intimidation tactics by the director, make you interested, yet  you slip away from the film after it reverts to basic action/horror.  <br />Don't get me wrong, this film is reasonable. A good night in, certainly,  and it will make you think. For a while, at least. But somehow, it's just  too emotionless. The dialogue, the acting, the resolution - too clinical.  It feels like the actors are in shock the whole time, and you can't  identify. (Tellingly, on the audio commentary, Dustin Hoffman tells you why  the film flopped. He's pretty savage.) <br />I've docked a star for building  up expectations and letting them down, Mr. Levinson. Will &quot;Andromeda  Strain&quot; be the only decent Crichton film adaptation? Shame on you,  sir, for such a criminal waste of talent.
B000021XS0|5.0|This is probabily the best DT effort as well as &quot;Awake&quot;.It seems like Pink Floyd's&quot; The Wall&quot;, Rush's &quot;2112&quot; and Queensryche's &quot;Operation: Mindcrime&quot;. It constains the history of  a 70-year-old man that reviews his life since 1928. LaBrie's vocals are  very strong and perfect on this cd, Petrucci is making fantastic guitar  solos( like in Overture 1928) and Portnoy and Myung complete the  &quot;Dream Team&quot;. The new keyboardist is also good.
B000003RCY|5.0|Not only is this album got great music on it, but the sound quality is so good that I use it as one of my demonstration CDs. This CD has full range sound with no audible distortion. You would not believe how hard that is to  find these days. So if you are looking for good metal OR a CD to help show  off your $10,000.00 stereo, here ya go!
0812548094|4.0|Firts of all I Want to say that I haven't had the opportunity of reading the wizard's first rule but I can say by reading this book that this writter takes too much time trying o explain simple things but oposite this  I like the way he leads his adveture because you don't know what's going to  happend.
B000002L75|4.0|Forget the limp-wristed synth-pop of Speak & Spell, ignore the well-meant but uninspiring experiments that were \\"A Broken Frame\\" and \\"Construction Time Again\\"; any serious Depeche Mode fan, if they're being honest, will tell you that this is the album where Depeche Mode's career really began.<br />Having put the teeny-bop sensibilities and bad haircuts behind  them, with \\"Some Great Reward\\", the band finally found their feet. This album was partly recorded in Berlin, giving \\"Some Great Reward\\" a darker, more industrial Germanic sound than any of its predecessors.  This album develops the themes of unrequited love, sex, death, and  religious doubt that have been a constant preoccupation for the band ever since.<br />The songs \\"People Are People\\", \\"Master And  Servant\\", which both became hit singles, now sound somewhat unsophisticated in retrospect they however remain excellent tunes.<br />\\"Master and Servant\\" courted controversy upon its release with its overt S&M references, because of this the song narrowly escaped being banned on British radio. They knocked on controversy's door again with \\"Blasphemous Rumours\\" a dark, angst driven existential tale in which God's sense of humour is deplored as being sick. Despite its contentious subject matter, \\"Blasphemous Rumours\\" proved to be a hit when it was released as a double A-side with \\"Somebody\\", a touching piano-led ballad sung by Gore.<br />\\"If You Want\\" is one of the few songs that were written by Alan Wilder and is really of interest for that reason.  Though he proved himself as the band's musical mastermind and in-house producer, Wilder's lyrical capabilities were certainly no match for Gore's.<br />There is a certain story book innocence to the songs on this album, albeit a story book filled with dark turbulent skies, suicide, unrequited love, and bondage. I guess you could say that this album is the first chapter in the Depeche Mode story book, a story that would become darker and more refined during later years.
0671015206|4.0|What you learn is this book all seems simple common sense--don't spend money you don't have, live within your means, don't expect Mom &amp; Dad to underwrite your lifestyle into your forties. But the authors provide  extensive (and sometimes scary) data supporting their arguments that make  this more than your usual financial self-help book. <br />It isn't unusual to  read about some (apparently) rich and famous person declaring bankruptcy  out of the blue. And then you hear about the $5.1 million dollar home and  the $1.3 million condo in Hawaii and the fleet of Ferraris and the bizarre  investements that didn't pan out...It seems easy to say &quot;live within  your means&quot; but money problems plague people from all tax brackets.  This book shows that these problems come more from a person's approach to  money that the pile you actually have. <br />Trouble is, in these days of  unparalleled economic growth and stocks trading at like 250 times earnings,  folks aren't thinking too hard about managing their money for their future.  This book is a good way to get your financial head on straight, be ye a  prince or a pauper.
B00001OH7O|5.0|After the heavy metal of &quot;The Man Who Sold The World&quot; Bowie put on his more commercial 'bipperty-bopperty' hat for &quot;Hunky Dory&quot;. This is an immediately accessible record and contains some of the most  inspiring and engaging songs ever recorded by any artist.<br />Even after  Ziggy Stardust, Bowie was to continue reinventing himself throughout his  prolific career, something that is touched up in &quot;Changes&quot;.   Through a wily act of pop trickery, the lively tone of &quot;Oh! You Pretty  Things&quot; is used to negate the song's dark nihilistic message. Bowie's  lyrics to a French song were rejected in favour of Paul Anka's &quot;My  Way&quot;, a song that went on to become a legendary hit for Sinarta. In  response the enraged Bowie recorded &quot;Life On Mars?&quot;, a piano led  ballad that has become one of his most popular songs.  There are tributes  to popular culture (Warhol, Dylan, and The Velvet Underground).  In  &quot;Quicksand&quot; Bowie references Neitzsche - 'I'm not a prophet or a  stone age man/Just a mortal with potential of a superman'.   &quot;Kooks&quot;, a delightfully mirthful song was written for his young  son Zowie.  In the album's dark and unsettling closer, &quot;The Bewlay  Brothers&quot;, Bowie sings 'He's Camelian, comedian, Corinthian and  Caricature', a line that would be a fitting epitaph for the man  himself.<br />Thirty years after it's initial release, &quot;Hunky Dory&quot;  remains one of Bowie's most endearing and accessible records and would be a  perfect place from which to start exploring the Dame's fascinating oeuvre.
630021463X|5.0|This has to be one of the best Trek adventures with the original crew. If you like this, I recommend Time After Time, another time travel movie, or City on the Edge of Forever, another classic Trek adventure. Don't waste  your time trying to get Voyager &amp; DS9 episodes. Kick back with the  classic crew! End of transmission------
0805047905|5.0|I bought this book for my daughter when she turned one. It's been her favorite book.  She knows all the animals, the colors and the sounds each animal makes.  If you are looking to buy a perfect baby book, this is it.  The pictures are great!
6305066345|1.0|I was looking for a father-son movie for myself and my 16 year old. What a mistake! &quot;He Got Game&quot; has gratuitous sex that made us both blush and had nothing to do with the plot. Some cursing would be expected in a  movie about coming up out of the projects. For someone named Jesus the main  character is not at all Christ-like. And one other thing-Spike-next time  you make a movie about the projects, they dont play ball on painted courts  or have glass backboards! Unreal!
0767802519|5.0|This is one of the best movies I've seen! It's heartfelt and action packed at the same time.
B000002UKS|4.0|this album is good but is no where near as good as the other two foo fighters albums.  such songs as everlong, wind up and hey johny park are awesome but their is two many songs that lack the foo fighters edge.
0553278223|5.0|The Martian Chronicles is a great book. The idea of Martian's living life just like Eathlings is intriging. The irony that unfolds and the epic adventure is like no other. This is a truly magnificent book. BUY BUY BUY!
B00000J7JO|5.0|My review of Californication is that it is a vvvery good cd.  It has many different songs that I like such as, Scar Tissue.  Red hot chili peppers are my favorite band.
B000009ED0|5.0|This cd is just awesome,if u love hip-hop,u love rock,this cd is for you.Now i must admit,the very first time i heard this cd,i thought it was trash,i never anything so stupid as this,but after i listened to it a  couple more times, with an &quot;open mind&quot;,i found this cd to be  awesome,there's just no other word to describe it,and for all you people  that are saying that kid rock wont be around in 2 years,i've got news for  you,kid rock has already been around for MORE then 2 years,he's probably  been around for 5 years,all u gotta do is &quot;listen&quot; to the cd.I  can tell that a lot of work went into the making of this cd,kid rock is  spitting some tight lyrics,and the trucker band is spitting some tight  beats to back him up,rap&amp;rock it's a hand and hand marriage,bottom  line..................this cd rulez,gotta get it
6305627401|5.0|anybody who was offended by this film and thought that it was over the top apparently doesn't understand what it's about....and the funny thing is that this movie is about people who take cruel, tasteless humor to  seriously.   in short, this movie mocks the people who dislike it.   I  personally think it's outrageous and the greatest musical since &quot;MEET  THE FEEBLES&quot;.
B000002UAO|4.0|Even though this is a good collection of Beatle songs, I still am looking for the original release of this album.  The one that started out with the song &quot;I've just seen a face&quot;.  Is it no longer available?
0425152251|5.0|este libro es muy interesante y entretenido. es muy practico y util para las personas que deseen entender el comienzo y desarrollo de la filosofia a un nivel elemental y ademas es de facil lectura. Sin complicarse la  existencia con los pensamientos profundos y sabios de los grandes filosofos  que trazaron el  rumbo de la existencia y que moldearon nuestras creencias  y nuestro desarrollo podemos comenzar a entender las implicaciones de esta  ciencia, madre de todas las otras y a veces desdenada por las otras. uno se  deja guiar de la mano como sofia de su misterioso maestro a  traves de  laberintos de saber. este libro es un buen comienzo en la jornada del largo  camino hacia el conocimiento de uno mismo.<br />LUIS MENDEZ
B000003N7G|5.0|This is my favorite jazz album.  Understated would describe the album: the music bids you to go somewhere.
B000001FKY|5.0|Def Leppard's Hysteria is probably the best rock album ever. And there is a reason for that; each and every one of the songs is a possible hit (maybe with the exception of Excitable) and the production could not be better.  Six of the seven released songs were chart bending hits. <br />The songs hit  home on the first listen and that is the point. The album opens with the  moody classic 'Women' and then launches into the loud and bombastic, yet  equally melodic, 'Rocket'. 'Animal' with its gloriously singalong chorus is  followed by an incredibly touching and emotional ballad: 'Love Bites'. Def  Leppard have never, and probably never will, write a ballad as timeless and  mournful as 'Love Bites'.<br />Probably the biggest highlight of the album is  the perfectly executed 'Pour Some Sugar On Me' which became an MTV  favourite. The anthemic 'Pour Some Sugar On Me' is as loud and  tongue-in-cheek as it gets. The lyrics are humorous and are delivered in an  unparalled style by Joe Elliott (&quot;You got the peaches, I got the  cream&quot; or &quot;Do you take sugar? One lump or two?&quot;). The loud  drums, the throaty vocals on the verse and the musical interlude with its  guitar solo all drip of pure sexiness.<br />The effervescent 'Armageddon It'  never loses its sparkle. Neither does the energised 'Don't Shoot Shotgun'.'  Run Riot' is just about the fastest rocker on the album and reminds us that  Def Leppard are a metal band.<br />'Gods of War' is more a piece of music than  a hit single. Although just as melodic and tuneful as anything else on the  album, it really is a different kind of animal in comparison with the rest  of the songs. The chorus is an absolute storm of vocal harmonies which  could shake the very foundations of your house if played too loud! The  title track is definately one of my favourites here. It's windswept verse  and slightly anxious chorus make it incredibly compelling.<br />Overall, the  album doesn't let the listener go for one minute.It certainly is a must  have in any rock collection because the longer you wait before acquiring  this album, the more time you are spending missing out the the great music  that makes Hysteria.
0684872153|5.0|I absolutly love McCourts memoir. Not only does he preserve the Irish culture by maintaining the Irish brogue but also refers to his feelings as they occured during the time of which he writes. McCourt has a peculiar yet  refreshing way of making comparisons with the ordinary to the not so  ordinary (i.e: eating an egg - &quot;if heaven had a taste it would be an  egg.&quot;)  McCourt's candor about subjects often frowned upon by society  (i.e: some of his confessions to the priest) and his innocence (thinking  the worse sin is hearing a &quot;dirty&quot; story from a friend)leads the  reader to believe his narrative is an authentic account of his child hood.  McCourt allows the reader to experience his story by keeping nick-names and  other small things which ultimatly produce a hilariouse and touching story.  McCourt's book should not be viewed as didactic (telling us to be thankful)  or &quot;a pity-party&quot; for himseld - he simply seems to be saying,  &quot;sometimes bad things happen and life is rough but years later you go  back and laugh at it all!&quot; (15 yrs. female)
0684872153|5.0|Who can remember conversations which took place when we were infants? Nobody.  However, Mr McCourt gives us &quot;a memoir&quot; and not an autobiography. As such, it is an impression of a childhood spent in abject  poverty and not a detailed story of real events. Did Monet paint a perfect  water lily or did he let the viewer imagine its perfection? I find it  surprising that some people of Limerick should find the book offensive,  considering that it portrays a people with a wonderful fighting spirit who  battled against all the odds to try to live a decent life.  I recommend  that all Catholic priests read the book, especially those in Ireland, so  that they can reflect on the sins of their predecessors and try to make  amends.  &quot;Blessed are the poor, for they shall inherit the Earth  .&quot;  A lovely book - one for inner reflection. Well done Mr Mc Court
0449911357|5.0|One of my favorite novels of all time. I have read it several times. You'll just fall in love with the characters and Whistle Stop, Alabama. I highly recommend this novel to anyone who appreciates a warm and friendly  novel set in the south.
B0000025BL|5.0|I was only 8 years old when this album came out the first time. I remember seeing the video of Paradise by the dash board light, I knew all the words and I still know them now. I played it loud with my sister just the other  day and we screamed along and danced through the living room. This album is  a statue for the late 70's, this is what it was all about. I loved it then  and I love it now. I know it is over-done, too much sound and too many fake  emotions, but it is great and makes me smill and remember the old days.
6300208699|5.0|I LOVED THIS MOVIE! I AM GOING TO BUY IT! YAY
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is as heavy as any of the best death-metal bands times 3.  From the intro and (sic) all the way to Scissors the CD just gets heavier and heavier.  The lead singer shows that he can sing and scream with the best  of 'em.  The lyrcs on this CD rock.  If you think you're into death-metal  and don't buy this album, your really not a death metal fan.  BUY BUY  BUY,this album is (sic)!
0440234743|2.0|I have read every John Grisham book from &quot;A Time to Kill&quot; through &quot;The Testament.&quot;  I must say that each successive book has shown less creativity and imagination, culminating with The Testament.   The alcoholic and/or drug addicted misfit, working amongst the vultures of  the large corporate law firm, that suddenly discovers his values in time to  save the day is becoming a tired theme.
0553213105|5.0|This is an excellent book!  It is clever with a strong plot line.  It's beyond your basic theme of Romeo &amp; Juliet.  The characters are vivid and realistic.
6301942647|2.0|I made the mistake of making this the first Kurosawa movie that I saw. For those who have yet to experience his films, I urge that you hold off viewing this until you see most of his older films. I really don't think  that this film works very well. The three best stories are &quot;Red  Fuji&quot;, where a nuclear power plant meltdown leaves some terrified  survivors; the one where a traveler stumbles across a nuclear-mutated demon  (one assumes this is a direct sequel to &quot;Fuji&quot;); and the last  one, in my opinion, the most beautifully filmed, &quot;Village of the  Watermills&quot;. In it, an old man preaches to a young traveler about life  and death. Like the ones I mentioned, the other stories have excellent  cinematography (maybe the best Kurosawa has ever done -- what with the  vibrant colors and sweeping landscapes), but the problem is, the overall  experience is too disorienting. Kurosawa had difficult getting this one  made and had to call for help from George Lucas (who's Industrial Light  &amp; Magic did the special effects) and Steven Spielberg. It's clear why,  because studios had difficulty understanding the unity of it. Many of  Kurosawa's hard-core fans enjoy this film, but I personally didn't find it  to be all that exciting.
0671004107|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed hearing the late Carl Sagan's innermost aspirations lived out in the life of Ellie the radio astronomer.  His descriptions of what might happen if a non random signal were received from elsewhere in  the galaxy through a radio telescope inferring intelligent life as the  source of the signal are creative and fascinating.  The flight to a distant  paradise-like world to meet god-like beings who are all knowing, all wise  and good leads one to hope that such things exist.     Carl Sagan's  description of the multinational, years long, and no costs barred effort to  decode and understand the message that turns out to be a blueprint for a  complex machine is in fact occurring today!  Truth is stranger than  fiction.  There is currently a collaborative effort over many years, by  universities around the world costing millions of dollars to understand the  message encoded within DNA which is the blueprint for the human body.  The  effort is justified because of the spin off benefits both medical and  economic that will result.  <br />I sense that Contact reflects a aspiration  to find God, to find purpose in life and fellowship in the universe.  Just  as the skeptics doubt the story the 5 travelers bring back of visiting the  center of the galaxy and meeting other beings, so too many today find a  purposeful message in the stars above or the cells within too incredible to  believe. Just as the \\"machine\\" was built  to transport people to its  designers in space, so too our Designer desires to bring our souls to  Himself through our earth bound bodies.  \\"Yet in my flesh I shall see God\\".
B000000H4A|5.0|All king diamond fans must have if they don't already have this album.great songs the lake, no presents for xmas,charon,halloween,and my personal fave the jonah .really one of the greatest and most unique  vocalist to ever grace the metal industry .King diamond .none can compare  to his haunting voice.Which will conjure up goosebumps in all. get this its  a must have.
0064471047|5.0|Although I have only read two NARNIA books, (LION &amp; MIGACIAN'S NEPHEW), I am sure LION is (one of?) Narnia's best.<br />(It), even though (it was) written before MAGICIAN'S NEPHEW, fills in the holes from the prequel,  as well as creating a new vivid and enchantingly entertaining story of  it's own.<br />IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A MAGICAL STORY, HERE'S YOUR  SERIES!<br />The order the plubisher put them in after Lewis wrote them is as  follows, although I'm not sure I spelled everything correctly:<br />#1 THE  MIGACIAN'S NEPHEW #2 THE LION, THE WITCH, AND THE WARDROBE #3 THE HORSE AND  HIS BOY #4 PRINCE CASPAN #5 THE VOYAGE OF THE DAWN TREADER #6 THE SILVER  CHAIR #7 THE LAST BATTLE<br />The star charecter of the books, I can tell, is  easily Aslan, and his bravery in LION was stunning!  LION is a true  favorite, a treasure, and a classic.<br />I believe the easiest way to read  them all is by buying THE COMPLETE CHRONICLES OF NARNIA (a 500+ page book  including the full text of ALL SEVEN Narnia novels), or by buying the boxed  set (either in hardcover of paperback.)  Either way, enjoy LION and the  rest of the series!
0440234743|4.0|Though I liked Grisham's first few novels, I've found the latest two or three to be not up to par in comparison.  But I thought I'd give him another chance with this one, and I'm glad I did.  This is one of his best  books ever!  Compelling characters, a heartfelt and valuable message about  money and power, and just a terrific ending.  I didn't expect the ending,  but in retrospect, it was perfect.  The vivid descriptions of the Pantanal  in Brazil and the adventure aspect also added a lot to the already  interesting plot.  My only criticism would be that a bit too much time was  spent dwelling on the intricate histories of the Phelan children.  But  overall, I really really enjoyed this book.
B000003N7K|5.0|This should be an essential recording for any fan of passionately rendered jazz balladry.  The entire album is full of music for the heart, soul and mind.  The pairing of the well-acknowledged Coltrane brilliance with the  distinctive, sadly underappreciated vocal mastery of Johnny Hartman works  beautifully here.  This is one of the few recordings which I have never  tired of listening to in the several years since I discovered it.  A true  classic of its genre, which any music lover should be able to appreciate.
B000002L75|5.0|I own everything Depeche Mode has ever recorded, domestic and international releases. Some Great Reward is my all time favorite. It defines DM to me.
B00003E47Z|5.0|This video was excellently done and is amazing.  Rammstein dispite Sam Sutherlands accustaions are not involved or advicate the Third Reich.  They are just out to make good music and they do with this video.  Also,  &quot;Heirate Mich&quot; does not mean &quot;Worship me&quot; it means  &quot;Marry Me.&quot;  Please ignore the poorley written review by Sam  Sutherland and buy this video.
B000000H6Y|5.0|This is one awesome cd. Got it cause i heard that track in that movie summer breeze from i know what you did last summer.one of my fave movies.and loved the rest of the album as well. black no 1,christian  women..totally amazing dark metal .at its finest .this is one album thats a  must have ..get it asap if you don't already have it.I give this album 10  stars its just that good.
B000002E5J|5.0|Shakira brings a magic to the world of music with her unique blend of music.  Even if you are not a spanish speaker, she grabs your attention.  Shakira has a love for latin music, and  I believe she will make big in the  U.S. soon.
B000002UVX|5.0|This cd is a &quot;must have&quot;. Jimi sounds amazeing, with his band, Band of Gypsys, better than his old band Jimi Hendrix Exsperince. His guitar playing is his best. His voice is deep and soulful. Also singing is  the drummer Buddy Miles. Their vocies make this cd come alive. Some good  tracks are 1 &quot;Who Knows&quot; 2 &quot;Machine gun&quot; 4 &quot;Power  to Love&quot; 6 &quot;We Gotta Live Together&quot;. The only other artist  now adays that sounds a little like the god of guitar is Lenny Kravitz. If  you are a Hendrix fan YOU MUST GET THIS CD.
B000002LB6|5.0|Erasure is one of my favorite recording artists, not only for their wonderful musical ability, but also for their ability to capture my emotions.  No other artist has been able to so closely express how I feel.   &quot;The Circus,&quot; is particularly close to my heart.   &quot;Hideaway&quot; is so eerily close to reality.  It helped me through  that ugly day when Mom found out (you know what; if not, listen to the  track).  The album is also useful when you find out that special someone is  a jerk.  &quot;Victim of Love&quot; is a great anthem of  self-reaffirmnation.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|With out a doubt,this would still have to go down as one of the all time greats.Bruce Campbell as ASH,you could not find any one better.With how old the film is and the budget they had for the film with out a doubt 11/10.To  see it on DVD is the only way to see it.If you are an EVIL DEAD fan like my  self only see it on DVD.
6303983812|3.0|This movie is kind-of cute and it's good too. But it's boring! I love children's movies, especially Disney movies. But not this!
B00003CWPR|1.0|I've you're willing to suspend all credulity, you might buy into the premises of this movie.  I found it mcuh too far-fetched. 1. The secret organization's use of a &quot;live&quot; musician, for starters.  If they  are so hung up on secrecy, why didn't they use recorded music?  It does  take place in modern times, after all; this isn't a Victorian sex club,  although the movie steals shamelessly from the Victorian porno genre. 2.  Kidman's &quot;Once glance from the naval officer and I was willing to give  up everything&quot; is a bit much, unless she's a total airhead and if she  is, what's the point in caring anything about her? 3. Cruise's fixation on  that incident, and his response to it, is also totally silly. It happend  years ago; Kidman's character never actually *did* anything unfaithful; it  makes Cruise's character into such a self-centered twerp I couldn't care  anything about him, either. 4. The movie's treatment of sex displays such  sick attitudes that it completely disgusted me. Maybe that's the point, but  if so, why would I ever want to watch it? &quot;Debbie Does Dallas&quot;  has a healthier view of sex, for heaven's sake! Sorry, folks. This turkey  was not for me. If a movie director wants to document purient obsessions I  suppose that's &quot;art,&quot; but if so he ought to at least make it  semi-believable.
B00002EPJH|5.0|Keith Jarrett is an amazing performer. This CD is an example of Mr. Jarrett's astonishing creativity, tenderness and ability to evoke the feelings of the listener. It is an example of precisely the effect that an  artist should have on the listener. Each band of this recording calls forth  a response from the listener and, at the same time, allows the listener to  feel what the performer feels. It is a gift to the lover of piano jazz. A  masterpiece.
0887431453|4.0|My 4-year-old son is very bright and imaginative, but has a hard time focusing on tasks -- as a result, his small-motor skills were beginning to lag behind.  This workbook helped him develop skills in drawing shapes,  solving puzzles, and beginning to write letters.<br />The workbook has bright  pictures and a variety of actitivies.  Parents (or kids) can choose to skip  around the book if the child gets tired of one kind of activity.  We chose  to work straight through, stopping whenever he got tired or frustrated.   The activities are challenging but not impossible.<br />One caveat -- are  preschoolers really expected to know how to write the alphabet in upper and  lower case?  They learn how in this book, but I seem to remember taking  that up in the first grade, oh a million or so years ago.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I have had this album since it came out this summer and i am still not tired of it. I love how all the somgs how all the songs have different levels. Like in nookie it starts out soft then goes hard, soft, hard, soft  hard and so on. I love the songs breakstuff, rearranged, nookie, just like  this, show me what you got and almost all of the rest. All of ou people out  there that are giving limp 1 star for not being a choreographed talent less  boy band need to wake up and smell the BIZZZZZKIT!
6304675348|5.0|This movie is so cool and wonderful and good. But the importantest is missing. This isn't scary! This is more like comedy than horror movie. Tell me even one part, where this is scary. I'm 12 years old I haven't notice  any chilling part in this movie.
014028009X|5.0|I have read this book about 15 times.  Every time I do, I laugh so hard I have to lie down, and hold my sides.  I have sent copies of this book to all of my single female friends, and it has now become a cult favourite  among us.
0812548094|1.0|I'm sorry but this book left little to be read.  There was no suspense in the book at all because they kept talking about the &quot;prophecies&quot; and you knew exactly what was going to happen. There are a few scenerios  that are extremely sick in theme and should have been left out. also,  Richard and Kalan should have starred in a Harlequin Romance after this was  written.
B000002TYK|5.0|I realized the Foo Fighters were a good band prior to the purchase of this album.  After listening to this album several times through, I came to the conclusion that the Foo Fighters are one of the most under-appreciated,  musically diverse alternative bands ever.  EVERY SINGLE SONG ON THIS ALBUM  IS GREAT.  Every last one, from the hard-driving riffs of &quot;I'll Stick  Around&quot; and &quot;Wattershed&quot; to the placidity of &quot;Big  Me&quot;, is stunning.  The music is hard-rocking punk/grunge to the core -  absolutely spectacular!   This is the way 90's alternative was meant to  be.  Dave Grohl is a musical genius.
B000002B5L|5.0|I got this album back when it came out and it was the first rap cd i got and if it wasnt for this cd i might missing dr dre and wu tang. I traded my cousin my first copy for his puffy forever cd but now i grew tired of that  cd and i bought the score again. it has a wide variety of music with a few  songs my 30-something mom likes. I hope they get back together and make  another classic.
B00000AA6C|5.0|This movie is classical and wonderful. It's funny and it's... I can't find the right words for this. This is wonderful. Music is something you can't forger and Julie Andrews' beautyness and great voice could move mountains.  The ending is so sad!
0684872153|4.0|One can almost imagine the voice of Frank McCourt as you read this true Irish tale of impoverished childhood. The language brings the story into your mind and keeps the book in your hands until the very end. Tis' a good  one.
B00000J7J7|5.0|I had never heard of Brad Mehldau before purchasing this CD, but I can assure you I will hear more of him now.  His work is brilliant - constant change-ups, modulations, variations in technique - without wearing you out  as the listener.  As much as Keith Jarrett's music intrigues me, for  instance, I cannot listen to him for long before wanting to remove the CD  and break it in half - he's just too distressing to the human psyche.   Mehldau, on the other hand, has just as much intellectual stimulation  without the pain.  I can't wait to listen to this CD a hundred or so more  times.
0060925000|1.0|There obviously has to be something terribly wrong with me in the face of all the rave reviews-I simply found this to be the most boring,tedious book I've ever read!
B000002KBA|5.0|Damn, this takes me back.  I was only 17 in 1970 when I heard &quot;In RocK&quot; by Purple, and it blew me away !   I had the first Zepplin album, had the first Blue Cheer album, plus Hendrix, and Black Sabbath  released their first one around the same time as this, and they all hit you  in the gut in ways you never felt before. Heavy music, crank it up, man.  There was no debate between calling it hard rock or heavy metal, you just  knew these bands were pushing the envelope to some new musical places.   &quot;Speed king&quot; was and is the original speed metal track, still  love it.  Like others have said in these reviews, Hendrix, Blue Cheer,  Zepplin, Black Sabbath &amp; Deep Purple (Starting with this one, &quot;In  Rock&quot;) were writing the blueprint for heavy metal/hard rock that bands  from Rush, Judas Priest, Iron Maiden, Metallica, Warrant and every other  great band just took it and ran with it.  But if you're writing a term  paper kiddies on the history of heavy metal, listen to the ones I  mentioned, but don't miss &quot;In Rock.&quot; !
0684872153|4.0|One can almost imagine the voice of Frank McCourt as you read this true Irish tale of impoverished childhood. The language brings the story into your mind and keeps the book in your hands until the very end. Tis' a good  one.
B0000028RR|5.0|This is the first cd that i had got, and it is certainly one of the best. combined with raging lyrics and guitars, this band is going to be in for some time.
B000002BYD|1.0|If your suffering from lack of sleep, buy this album. After 4 tracks you wont be able to keep your eyes open.
B000002KBA|5.0|Heavy metal started with the following:  &quot;Are You Experienced?&quot; and &quot;Axis: Bold as Love&quot; by Jimi Hendrix ('67-'68),  &quot;Vincebus Eruptum&quot; by Blue Cheer ('68),  Led Zepplin I and II   (1969),  and Black Sabbath (first album)  and &quot;In Rock&quot; by Deep  Purple  (1970).  If you own those 7 CDs, you'll hear the ORIGINAL music  that has evolved into heavy metal/speed metal/trash metal etc etc. Back  then it was bluesier, but the power guitar of Hendrix, Jimmy Page, Tony  Iommi and Richie Blackmore (along with Jeff Beck) &quot;created&quot; the  metal guitar sound.  And Blackmore has never sounded better than here.  Listen to him on &quot;Speed King&quot; which opens.  And Ian Gillian had  the chops (along with Robert Plant and Paul Rodgers) to define the metal  singer long before Dio came along. You gotta own this one!
B000003TA4|1.0|Forever called the most influential record of the nineties, I can't help but vomit upon hearing the failed attempt at music on this seminal grunge favorite.  This is one of the worst records ever recorded.  Kurt Cobain has  the skill of a beginning guitar player, most of which have more.  I could  play this whole album after playing guitar for a month.  I figured out  Smells Like Teen Spirit the first couple of minutes I held a guitar in my  hands.  He sounds like he's dying on these indecipherable and illogical  lyrics.  If I want to hear somebody scream, I can always pull out my Morbid  Angel, and listen to David Vincent scream over Trey Azagtoth's crushing  talented guitar riffs.  In other words, Nevermind is the worst album of all  time.  I found that it did make an attractive coaster though.
630562285X|1.0|You'd think that Sean Connery could pick and choose, and that he'd choose better than this.  Put simply, it's the most boring, uninteresting film I've seen in a long time.  A very long time.<br />Avoid this at any cost!
B00001SIES|5.0|I am sick of Muse being compared to Radiohead. I love Muse and I love Radiohead, but if people actually bothered to compare their albums properly you will realise that they have hardly anything alike in terms of sound.  Radiohead are much more atmospheric and Muse are much more rock. Many of my  friends agree that they don't sound alike and I just wish people would stop  jumping on the band wagon with comments that have just come out of critics  that are too far up themselves to realise when an amazing album has been  released. This album doesn't have a bad track and my faves have to be track  8 and 10. Don;t miss out on one of the best rock album, no one of THE best  album of 99
B00000JGOJ|3.0|This film is a very mixed bag. On the one hand it has a stellar cast, with the premise of taking stories concerning couples - that at the end intervene into one family. On the other hand, at its bad moments it  reminded me of &quot;Loveboat&quot;! I absolutely cringed by some of the  dialogue, cliches by tons that many of the actors had to chew. One has to  see great actors like Sean Connery (with a nothing of a role) and Gena  Rowlands in such a banal situation with no originality whatsoever (talk  about formula writng!) Other couples did fairly better... when suddenly the  story of Angelina Jolie appeared... now that was great! It was as if it was  written by someone else. It was smart, touching and alive. Angelina is  absolutely wonderful... The end is kitcshy &amp; warm, and surprising, but  imagine if before so had been better written!
B000009EAD|4.0|Another of the numerous European metal bands that are still delving the world of viking related writing.  Not too different from Bathory, but very good, nonetheless.  Really cool, because when somebody asks you who the  hell Iced Earth is, you can say they're a metal band from Greece.  How many  of those are there?
B000031WD9|1.0|This movie was awlful! Its just a bunch of high school kids trying to get laid. I definetly wouldnt let young kids watch it and I wouldnt suggest renting or buying it
B000001DYA|5.0|I first heard Blue Cheer on the Rick Shaw Show In 1967 on TV at 630 AM in the morning. Growing up and looking for music to jam was important to me It was their first south FLA appearance. They were very young then. Their  music will live on forever Those of you just tuning in to them PLEASE  PLEASE PLEASE PLAY IT LOAD!  My sister got to see them at pompano harness  track along with Jimi Hendrix. Her and i will never forget them. Ty..
B000002H1T|4.0|Growing up in the '80's, I had heard songs off the radio by the Boston-based Cars for a long while, including my favorites off this album &quot;Hello Again&quot;, &quot;Magic&quot;, Drive&quot; (the last two being  performed on Saturday Night Live back in 1984), &quot;You Might  Think&quot;, and &quot;Heartbeat City&quot; itself. So when I saw this CD  on sale at my local Borders', I snapped it up then. I also like the sounds  of &quot;Looking For Love&quot;, &quot;Stranger Eyes&quot;, &quot;It's Not  The Night&quot;, &quot;Why Can't I Have You&quot; (very eerie), and &quot;I  Refuse&quot;, which I definetly feel sums up the early '80's music era  perfectly. So, like I said, besides their recent &quot;Anthology&quot;,  which, when I buy it, I will also review, this album is very cool-sounding  for New-Wave tune fans out there. Buy it today!
0784010927|5.0|Patrick Swayze is such a HOTTIE!  This is the BEST movie of all time!  It makes me want to sing and dance along with it. It has great music, wonderful dancing, and good acting. I've seen this movie SO many times, I  know every word and I have an OCD with the movie Dirty Dancing!  I am THE  BIGGEST FAN and I can only hope that one day there will be a sequel!
6305627401|5.0|When I saw this movie at the theater, I was stunned. I thought it was horrid, but several days later after thinking of the concept of &quot;kids trying to sneak into a movie about kids trying to sneak into a movie&quot;,  it all became very clear. The fight between good and evil, the way that we  all want to get to heaven(like Kenny). The movie made perfect sense. Not  for children's eyes, but the philosophical will walk away pondering: Was it  good or was it awful.
B000002KJK|1.0|As one of the most appalling sellouts in music history, &quot;Do Ya Think I'm Sexy&quot; also ranks as one of the worst songs of the ever dreaded disco era of the late 70's.  From here Rod Stewart headed rapidly downhill.   This album is of significance only in that it documents this slide.  An  alternate title for it for aspiring musicians: &quot;Don't Try This At  Home.&quot;
B00000DFSK|5.0|I'll admit it, I used to own the limited double edition of &quot;The Best Of 1980-1990&quot;, however, after only one listen to the second disc of B-sides, I had to sell it back. I just didn't care for their really weird  sound, and I decided to buy the regular version, the CD I'm listening to  right now. And I absolutely LOVE it's collection of material, with the  exception of the blues-ballad with B.B. King &quot;When Love Comes To  Town&quot; and the too-slow &quot;All I Want Is You&quot;. As for the tunes  that I heard on the radio in the '80's that I like, they are &quot;Pride  (In The Name Of Love)&quot;, &quot;New Year's Day&quot;, &quot;Sunday  Bloody Sunday&quot;, and &quot;Desire&quot;. As for &quot;I Still Haven't  Found What I'm Looking For&quot; (also on the excellent out-of-print  compilation &quot;Earthrise-The Rainforest Album&quot;) I only sort of like  it a little bit nowadays, as I have heard it quite a lot. &quot;Where The  Streets Have No Name&quot; was covered by the Pet Shop Boys in 1991, I like  both versions equally. And I also like the sound of the new track  &quot;Sweetest Thing&quot;. Not too shabby! Others have said that this  collection is extremely incomplete, however, I think it's just right for my  personal tastes. Buy it, it really rocks! (As if we didn't know that  already, Bono! Sheesh!)
B00003003S|5.0|this album, was the best way of introduce guns n roses to the next century, also it is a great gift for all the devoted fans, the album is great
0670880728|5.0|I thought this book was very well thought out.  I couldn't put it down.  It's the life of almost every 30-something year old singleton.  Anyone who is, was, or will be single can relate.
6304808038|4.0|I am writing this review having not seen this film but having just bought it.  I wanted to warn anybody potential buyers that this version of Sleuth is flawed.  It claims to be a Widescreen presentation, but the credits  clearly run off the side of the screen.  Also, the label of the film looks  like really questionable as if someone printed out labels on their computer  and slapped them on the tape.  There is not even a running time on the  actual tape.  Although people who do not like Widescreen probably will not  mind, those that do like widescreen will be rather annoyed by this false  advertising.  The image is a little wider than the standard format, but not  wide enough.  And it is so blatant.  At least make it less obvious!  But oh  well.  I hope the film is good.
B000002HO3|4.0|I had never know much about Mick Hucknall's Simply Red, except for the fact that I heard both &quot;Something Got Me Started&quot; and &quot;Stars&quot; on the radio in 1991, being two of my favorites by this  group. Actually, I also remember their remake of &quot;If You Don't Know Me  By Now&quot; from sometime in the '80's, a song which I absolutely cannot  stand, as it's just the wrong kind of slow song that I don't like. My other  favorites are &quot;Holding Back The Years&quot;, &quot;Money's Too Tight  To Mention&quot;, &quot;The Right Thing&quot;, &quot;It's Only Love&quot;,  &quot;A New Flame&quot;, &quot;Thrill Me&quot; and &quot;Your Mirror&quot;.  The others are fair and so-so. Now, I do really think that this collection  is quality material indeed, so I recommend it highly. Some decent  R&amp;B-style music is good to hear now and then!
083351895X|5.0|This book is the best book he has ever written, and I am a huge Koontz fan, so I've read nearly all his books!  The characters are so well developed that the reader feels close to them.  The suspense is excellent.   Koontz's description and characters create an overall story that is  entertaining, scary, funny, sad, touching, and uplifting.  An excellent  read!
0679720200|5.0|One of the very, very few literary works I'd read, in or outside of class, that has significantly changed how I view the world. Or, perhaps, this is inaccurate, for it seems as if I've always viewed the world from a vaguely  existentialist perspective but have been unable to articulate it - that  feeling of being trapped inside my mind with a ceaseless internalized  monologue, of having no &quot;identity,&quot; only continuous reactions to  events - before reading the book. Only after having read it, however, can I  truly appreciate or even notice the amazing phenomenon of being conscious.  That I am not strictly defined or limited by any master plan, that, really,  nothing else exists except that internal monologue, seems much more  miraculous and much more comforting than any religion.
B00003CWPR|5.0|&quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is a wonderful, deeply-layered psychological study of infidelity in married couples.  The late, great Stanley Kubrick captures with rich cinematic nuances the drama and sexual tension between  men and women.  This haunting, dream-like odyssey is punctuated by Jocelyn  Pook's moody music score.  Though this was my best film of 1999, it is not  your standard Cruise/Kidman fare.  No matter what, &quot;Eyes Wide  Shut&quot; will never quite be what you expect it to be.  Kubrick fans will  likely appreciate it much more.  But try it anyway.  It is best enjoyed by  bringing your own thoughts and interpretations to it.  And viewing it at  least twice.  In every sense &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is a mature adult  film.
B000002KYK|4.0|I've had this soundtrack for years, since apparently the &quot;official&quot; Vangelis version was not available until long after the release of the movie. I suppose I've become rather accustomed to the  first release, since when I finally got to hear the Vangelis album, I found  I preferred the adaptation. Maybe this is a sign that I'm some kinda  drooling lowbrow Neanderthal whose tastes are, musically speaking, on the  same plane as those of collectors of &quot;Hello Kitty&quot; memorabilia.  If so...oh, well.<br />To my way of thinking, the adaptation succeeds at  creating a warm, sometimes lush sound environment, one that evokes a posh  and elegant-- yet somehow sinister and melancholy--world from a bygone  time. The vocal piece is nice, and I thought the piano and saxophone work  on other themes was quite excellent.<br />If you're a fan of Vangelis, this  won't be your cup of tea. If you're looking for something that is more noir  than cyberpunk, you might like this.
B000002UZ1|5.0|I first listened to this album when I was 4, and I'm now older and I now work on the Tom Green Show. Tom Green scrashed the heck out it so I bought it on CD and I hid it away from him. It's worth 31 bucks.
0679745203|2.0|The plot of the story had a great potential.  It portrays four people coming from different walks of life and experiences during WW11. Each character has an intriguing and sad story that has altered his or hers life  for ever.  Unfortunately, the author spends so much time proving to his  readers his proficiency in the English language that the book looses its  charm after few chapters.  The most influential writers and philosophers  (of present and past) make their writing unforgettable not by using the  longest and at times inappropriate words but by eloquently putting them  together.
0385484518|5.0|A deep and amusing account of Morrie's thoughts and reflection at the end of his life. Morrie, through his compassion, shared his waiting-for-death experience to teach us lessons on what's important in life - at the END.
6305627401|4.0|In the last 35 years, no one has been able to make a musical motion picture that was worth watching.  Who woulda' thunk that the only decent musical of the end of the century would come from the &quot;South  Park&quot; guys.  They've stumbled onto the formula for a decent musical:  the songs should not be unlistenable!<br />Not only that, they've crafted an  entertaining comedy.  Some people will be mightily offended by Terrence and  Philip's big number, but that's precisely why the number is so  entertaining.  At last, a movie that makes fun of the truly politically  correct!
0440217563|5.0|This book is one of my all time favorite reads.  It is extremely well-written with details that draw you into the time periods of the book.  It takes an unbelievable topic like time travel and makes it completely  possible!  The characters stick with you long after the last page has been  turned.
0553213105|5.0|What more do you need in a well-written, crafty, and amazing novel, than Elizabeth Bennett and Mr. Darcy?  Nothing.  This is one of the most extrodinary novels of all time.  I could read it over and over, and never  get tired of it.
B00000J8EK|4.0|OK, so Surrender isn't as good as Dig Your Own Hole or even Exit Planet Dust, but it's still worth shelling out twenty bucks for (that's the Canuck price for you people sitting south of me). Under The Influence, Got Glint?  and Orange Wedge are my personal faves, but the only reason that this disc  didn't get a full five stars is because of Noel Gallagher.  When he did  Setting Sun a few years back, he sounded great against all the hard-edged  riffs that played over his voice (sorta like drowning him out...heh, heh,  heh), but on Let Forever Be, well...you'll know what I'm talking about.   Other than that little problem, this disc rocks.  Keep up the good work  guys!
B000007T1M|5.0|Aggressive power, wild speed and explicit lyrics characterize this industrial punk Armenian band from LA. From hardcore guitar riffs and chord-tearing screaming to low sarcastic tunes, the music of &quot;System  of a Down&quot; is definitely the sound of the generation.
0688062334|5.0|&quot;Howl's Moving Castle&quot; is one of my favorite bookswritten by Diana Wynne Jones.  Infact, I read my copy again yesterdayand this afternoon I finished its sequel, &quot;Castle in theAir.&quot; Both are good books, but of course most of hers are!
0590373587|5.0|I just finished The Giver. It is so full of emotions! I cried, threw the book and got sick to my stomach when their were bad moments. The good ones make you so happy!You can actually see the memories. I recommend this book  to everyone!
B00000ING2|5.0|This may be the funniest and most intelligently crafted comedy I've ever seen.  It's a crazy story but if you like Pulp Fiction, Very Bad Things, Flirting with Disaster or The Simpsons then you should love this movie!   Jeff Bridges is great in a role I never would have pictured him in and John  Goodman is at his absolute best.
6302881005|1.0|This is without a doubt the worst movie I have ever had the displeasure to sit through.  Perhaps the most pretentious as well.  May it burn in hell!
B00002Z88D|2.0|I've been a MetallicA fan since 5th grade, 7 years ago.  The first CD I ever bought was Justice.  I've been a classical music fan just as long.  This is an idea I've drempt of for years.  The problem with the album is  that the orchestra isn't used right.  It just sounds smooth and plain, like  a backbone synth track to any modern rock song.  To understand what this  album COULD have been, go listen to some good Tchaicovsky and in your mind,  meld the amazing aspects of that with the amazing aspects of good  MetallicA.  That's what this project SHOULD have been but wasn't.  As much  as I dislike to say this, I think that the project was done to make  MetallicA seem cool and innovative to a broadening (and less  discriminating) fan base.  Simply put: the complexity and ability of an  orchestra is lost because it is used only to backup the root note with  minimal harmonization/embellishment.  The sound is too polished, too  simple, and it lacks art.  I have to say that no skill is presented, sorry  guys
B00003XB8K|5.0|An incredible album for the begining of the Millenium. Breathtaking beautiful music to my ears. 'Smell Of Desire' &amp; 'Between Mind &amp; Heart' are such heart warming music while 'Push The Limits', 'Gravity Of  Love' &amp; 'Modern Crusaders' really gets you experiencing something  beyond your imagination! Overall, the best Enigma album ever!
0375701427|5.0|While reading several of Roth's other books, I became amazed at his ability to put into prose, some of my deepest thoughts about various life situations that I found my self in at one time or another. We are about the  same age and of the same cultural background. He grew up in Newark, I grew  up in Brooklyn. In &quot;Portnoy's Complaint&quot;, he referred to his  cousins, Leon and Sidney. My name is Leon and my brother is Sidney. In  &quot;American Pastoral&quot; as in &quot;I Married a Communist&quot;,  Zuckerman's father was a podiatrist who had office hours in his apartment.  My father was a podiatrist who had office hours in the apartment. I also  worked in Newark during the time that &quot;American Pastoral&quot; takes  place and can relate to almost every detail of Roth's  descriptions of the  streets, the ruins, the underpass in Ironbound next to the destroyed house  that Merry was in. The emotional turmoil of the characters, described in so  much detail is indicitive of Roth's ability to touch every fiber of the  human psyche and burn an image into the reader like no other author. Roth  writes like he was a fly inside my brain. It was frightening to see so much  of my own feelings written in such eloquent terms. Needless to say, I loved  the book.
6304819935|5.0|In this movie which is a remake more or less of the first film, Sam Raimi has figured out what was missing from the first film: THE HUMOR. Our hero Ash (Bruce Campbell) Takes his girlfriend Linda to a cabin in the woods,  where he awakens something evil in the woods. Sounds like the first film,  but this is different. The daughter of the owner of the cabin has to get to  the cabin to see her father not knowing he is allready dead, with pages  from the Book Of The Dead her father has been searching for, for years.  There is a great headless woman dance scene, ane the classic Ash fighting  with his own hand. Bruce Campbell is a master at this kind of film. Very  good indeed!
0783227019|5.0|This film came to me highly recommended, and I pass it on highly recommended.  Scarface was stunning, but in Carlito's Way Pacino and De Palma's relationship has matured.  A great movie.
6305095574|4.0|The Evil Dead is a very good movie. It is about 5 friends who decide to take a weekend at a deserted mountain cabin and awake something in the woods. One by one they become possesed by evil in the woods. This film I  think tries to be too serious when it doesn't have to be. There is a very  interesting rape scene in which a girl gets raped by the woods themselves.  Sam Raimi is a genious at stuff like this!
B0000004V2|5.0|Yes, Elizabeth My Dear sounds like Scarborough Fair.  This is because they're both based on the ancient, public domain Canticle.  Pay attention!  If you're going to accuse the Roses of being derivative, you'll have to do  better'n that!  Thank you.
B00001ODHH|5.0|Sam Raimi has outdone himself this time. The third Instalment in The Evil Dead Trilogy is the best. Even Though Sam Raimi changed several things from the second film, this is still the best. Our hero Ash (once again Campbell)  is sent back in time to the 1300's. He is captured and he escapes from the  pit. They then decide he is the choosen one to retrive The Book Of The Dead  and save them from the terror of the Deadites. Of course not being the  smartest person in the world he screws up, and unleashes a army of the dead  on the people. He then has to help them defeat them. Why Universal wanted  Sam to change the ending I do not know the orignal ending was much better  it could have started a whole new line of sequels. The orignal ending is at  the end of this tape, and it can be seen on the movie on The Director's  Cut.
B00000IMCZ|5.0|Triumph is most definately one of the few beautiful works of the world.  Filled with wonderful footage - from scenery shots to party rallies - the film is able to take you to one of the most pivotal rallies of all time.   You can really feel the energy of the folk and the orators themselves.   Leni gets an A++ for this one!
B000009ED0|1.0|OH GOD, PLEASE MAKE IT STOP!
B000002H6C|5.0|yea everyone knows that this cd is great.  but it is not just great.  This is the greatest cd ever, and i dont think there will be a cd made that will be better than this one, ever!  yea so it has bad production and there is a  lack of bass, but who cares?  This cd is so awesome I listen to it everyday  and I don't think I will ever get sick of it.  Let me tell you, Ive heard  so much music in my life and the best song out there is One.  it is just so  powerful, it's undescribable.  Other songs on here like Blackened and  harvester of sorrow are just plain excellent too. If you dont own this cd,  this should be the next cd you should buy, trust me, you won't be  disapionted!
6305718903|5.0|WELL WHERE CAN I START THIS MOVIE IS THE GREATEST MOVIE OF ALL TIME. STIGMATA IS SUPERB AND BRILLIANT. RUPERT WAINRIGHT SHOULD GET AN ACADEMY AWARD FOR THIS MOVIE. GABRIEL BYRNE WAS A GREAT ACTOR AND SO WAS PATRICIA ARQUETTE. THOSE TWO ARE MY FAVORITE ACTORS. ANYONE WHO SAYS THIS MOVIE  SUCKED SHOULD BE SHOT. THIS MOVIE HAD A GREAT STORYLINE AND GREAT ACTORS.  THE SPECIAL EFFECTS WERE GREAT. THE MUSIC SCORE WAS ALSO GREAT. THE MOVIE  IS CREEPY FROM START TO FINISH. THANK GOD IT IS COMING OUT ON VIDEO SOON.  BECAUSE THAT IS WHEN I AM GOING TO BUY IT. ALL I CAN SAY FOR THIS MOVIE IS  IT IS GREAT AN A+ MOVIE. AND ALSO THIS MOVIE IS NOT AN EXORCIST RIPOFF THIS  MOVIE IS WAY BETTER. JUST WANTED TO CLEAR THAT UP.
6305627347|3.0|This flicks been getting some very good reviews in the UK so I was looking forward to it alot,and yes it is funny..but. THOSE SONGS! the first couple were funny but then you get another,and another.....it slowed the  whole film down SO much.So 3 stars,could have and should been 4.
6305256209|5.0|THE EXORCIST IS THE BEST MOVIE MOVIE EVER MADE OF ALL TIME.IT DESERVES NO LESS THAN 5 STARS.IT IS A MUST SEE AND SEE AGAIN.THE WIZARD OF OZ OF ALL HORROR FILMS.IT IS THE MOTHER OF ALL HORROR FILMS.THIS IS MY ALL-TIME  HORROR FAVORITE.
6303020089|5.0|Tommy Lee Jones &amp;Harrison Ford give solid performances in this must see film.it has great action scenes and is directed very well.a great all around film.
0399143904|2.0|The book was fine (if you're a Clancy fan), but quite predictable and repetitive.  The worst part, though, was the poor research.  The Summer Olympics are being held in Sydney in July, and it's 97 degrees?  I don't  think so.  Down under, it's winter, and in Sydney the temperature ranges on  average between 46F and 62F degrees (according to my National Geographic  atlas).  This would eliminate the need for air conditioning and defeat one  of the main premises of the book!  This book was written way too fast.   Clancy should be forced to re-read The Hunt for Red October five times  before writing his next book.
6301796535|1.0|if this were everyday Hooker life then this would be the ultimate job.but it's a far cry from that.while Gere&amp;Roberts have on-screen Chemistry this film is not Believable at all.fantasy is one thing but this is a real  reach.
0679805273|5.0|i first read this book before graduating high school.  never before did i concieve that a children's book could provide such an inspiration to people of all ages.  i'm in college now and still i refer to this book to keep my  focus and keep me determined to succeed.  who knew that such simple words  and ideas for children could inspire so many adults...
630382790X|4.0|i felt that Ron Howard did a great job Directing and putting together this cast.Tom Hanks does a solid job.a good film.
0316286869|5.0|i recieved this book for christmas and i was totally ecstatic. i found this book to be more informative than my training in make-up artistry. kevyn explained in very simple terms how to create your own look and he  also gave me the self-esteam to wear any make-up style with pride.I loved  the pictures and the stories of his family and friends. I would find it an  honour to meet kevyn, i know that he could teach me more than any instuctor  ever has. I also have many mature clients who love looking at the pictures  and choosing a look that they want,my younger clients love this book as  well. i highly recomend this book to anyone searching for new and fresh  ideas. i can only hope that kevyns next book is not far behind.
6301562143|3.0|this film is pretty good.it's better than the other 3.Tim Burton does a good job but he has done way better films with less cash&amp;hype.Jack Nicholson does a good job.Michael Keaton is real chill.Kim Basinger is her  usual dull self.the music overall is hit&amp;miss.
0316286869|5.0|i recieved this book for christmas and i was totally ecstatic. i found this book to be more informative than my training in make-up artistry. kevyn explained in very simple terms how to create your own look and he  also gave me the self-esteam to wear any make-up style with pride.I loved  the pictures and the stories of his family and friends. I would find it an  honour to meet kevyn, i know that he could teach me more than any instuctor  ever has. I also have many mature clients who love looking at the pictures  and choosing a look that they want,my younger clients love this book as  well. i highly recomend this book to anyone searching for new and fresh  ideas. i can only hope that kevyns next book is not far behind.
6305066345|4.0|this is a good film.not on Cooley High Level for me but a good film nevertheless.Denzel Washington continues to show why he is the man in Hollywood today.He is the best actor going around today.Ray Allen does a  good job as well.this film takes what happen in above the rim one big step  further with the lust of Money,sex,power.these elements are very  important.the whole Agent&amp;Image business. this film does a good job at  dealing with the Pros&amp;Cons of the modern day Player.good&amp;bad.Jim  Brown gives a solid performance as well.
B000002J27|5.0|After reading bad reviews from &quot;Roo&quot; Johnson and music fans from Brasilia and Chicago, I have to voice my opinion on this remarkable album.  In my opinion, it is THE best Genesis album (although  &quot;Selling...&quot; and &quot;The Lamb...&quot; were very close behind).   From the haunting story about a volcano to a stunning instrumental, this  album encompasses everything Genesis should have always been.   Instrumentals at the end of &quot;Dance...&quot; and &quot;Entangled&quot;,  instrumentals in the middle of &quot;Mad Man Moon&quot;,  &quot;Robbery...&quot; and &quot;Ripples&quot;, and the sole instrumental  &quot;Los Endos&quot;, which seems to sum up the album (well,  &quot;Dance...&quot; and &quot;Squonk&quot;, if nothing else).   &quot;Ripples&quot; and &quot;Entangled&quot; are hauntingly beautiful,  &quot;Dance...&quot; and &quot;Squonk&quot; are almost on the hard-core  side, and &quot;Mad Man Moon&quot; is a very eerie song if you listen to  the song's lyrics.   &quot;Robbery...&quot; is the only song that sounds a  bit corny, but the instrumental in the middle saves it from being a bad  song.  All in all, it's an excellent album, and is far from being  &quot;pseudo-intelligent&quot; music (whatever that is).
B000001Y2U|5.0|I think many people won't give Marilyn Manson a chance, because they see him on MTV with the fake cleavage and get scared. So he has had, uh, drug experiences, which are probably the root cause of his gender issues. But  this is really a good album. If you're even thinking about buying it, DO!  You won't regret it. I've listened to it so much that I'm sure it's  implanted in my subconsciousness, but I'm not doing obscene things with  animals or sacrificing people at the altar. So I'm a little gothic. But I'm  a contestant in the school spelling bee! Enough said.
6305657947|5.0|This seems to be a movie you either love or hate! I personally loved it. I haven't seen the orignal (I'm planning to rent it soon though.) but have heard about it. I like the way the director decided to change the theift  from a bank robbery to a museum hist. The movie was a bit predictable at  times but so are about every other movie out there. I really enjoyed the  music and the filming. It was very colorful. <br />I wouldn't recommend this  movie to anyone who doesn't enjoy romance or art because this is what most  of the movie is based on.<br />The trailer to the movie was deffinatly  misleading and shouln't be relied on to much. If your all ready to watch a  shoot em' up, bomb blowing, action movie go watch the Matrix. Save this one  for a clamer mood.
B000002NBY|5.0|This is the fourth time I have purchased this album. Graceland is my favorite and I have worn out two cassettes since it was first released, and have a CD in the house and the car now. The lyrics reach inside you and  remind you that the world is about something outside of our own insulated  little worlds. Thank you Paul for the years of defying the pop culture to  bring us really wonderful music.
B00002Z88D|3.0|This was a great come back album for Metallica. It gives a whole new perspective for certain songs like Hero of the Day, One and For Whome the Bell Tolls. The orchastra fits like a glove in this one. However they chose  too many songs from Load and Reaload the album is dominated with them. This  album was great but It got boring kind of fast because it is just more of  their old stuff (beside No Leaf Clover and Human which were great). I  recommed this album to all Metallica fans. I only wish they would make  something new maybe they are just too scared because of their pathetic  performance with Reload.
B0000029DD|5.0|I was introduced to Jeff's music by a friend who played me the Sine EP which I enjoyed. A couple of weeks later I picked up Grace second hand, and to be completely honest I didn't get all the songs the first time around.  After a few more listens (well several listens each day for almost 2 years)  I can say that this is my favourite album ever, with many hidden textures  which become more apparent with each listen. From the sublime intro of Mojo  Pin to the haunting final line of Dream Brother, this is simply the most  amazing piece of work by any artist. Mick and Matt are a fantastic rhythm  section which complement the songs and Jeff stunning talent. Andy Wallace's  production is brilliant. Buy this album! I've played it to all of my  friends and they all loved it. Perfection!
B000000WJZ|5.0|I first bought Siamese Dream on cassette and I totally wore the thing out, I just recently went out and bought the cd, and lets just say that this is the one album most likely to be heard in my room when I get home from work.   I think its the Pumpkins finest work(followed by gish), and a defining  work of the 90's.  My favorite track is &quot;Rocket&quot;, but the whole  thing is an experience.... And on a side note I really thought D'arcy was  hot but when I heard she quit and they got the beautiful redhead Melissa  Auf Der Maur formerly of Hole to play bass I was floored...... Great  Choice!
B0000009SY|5.0|A well constructed epic piece that is simulataniously hillarious, tragic and ironic. My favourites are Outside Now, Sy Borg, Keep It Greasy( how did they do that) and Watermelon In Easter Hay. Thanks Frank for your inspiring  work that made me wake up.
B00000J7I3|1.0|This first Motley Crue attempt is a joke. Lack of rage, lack of feeling, lack of solid melodies, lack of voice... Dont waste your time listening to this metal-punk mixture, its garbage. You want real metal bands? Get something from Fastway, Ratt, Judas Priest  or Cinderella. You want real work from Motley Crue? Get Dr. Feelgood.
B000002L9W|5.0|What a great album, top musicianship from Billy Sheehan and Gregg Bisonette and especially Steve Vai. DLR at his best. The songs are fantastic, especially Yankee Rose, Ladies Nite In Buffalo and Goin' Crazy.
0780625129|5.0|This movie is not without its problems, and a few of the criticisms in the negative reviews a ways back are valid. And I do not merit any movie, ever, for its &quot;social importance&quot; or whatnot. But the reason I *do*  give this film 5 stars is because it is absolutely intoxicating. It is  compelling and powerful from start to finish. There are some holes to be  poked and some nits to be picked, but the pitch perfect quality of the  performances and the unflinching brutality of the content and script more  than make up for it. The climax is ... incredibly impacting. If you feel  even the slightest inclination to see this film, I highly recommend you  follow it through.
0060987464|4.0|Brian Warner a.k.a. Marilyn Manson does a masterful job of revealing his life--or does he?  I can say that this book certainly seems to explain a lot about the man America loves to hate, but I'm not so sure that it is  completely real.  I am a fan of Marilyn Manson, but I couldn't help but  feel that this was just another attempt to increase the  &quot;sensational&quot; aura around him.  Credible or not, it's an  extremely exciting read.
0783226837|5.0|I swear this is the best movie I have ever seen! It keeps you completely staying in your seat. The whole movie is just a masterpiece.
0780622545|5.0|I am amazed that a few reviewers hated this film.  I've yet to meet anyone who didn't love it.<br />If you're 14 years old and your idea of a great SF movie is Event Horizon, then you'll be disappointed, because you'll need to  keep your brain switched on while you watch Dark City.<br />This is one of the  greatest films ever made in the genre, with an end-credit WOW! factor  comparable to Blade Runner, 12 Monkeys or The Matrix.
B000001FY7|4.0|Kaya was Bob Marley &amp; the Wailers best melodic album they did.  For those that wanted to hear the sweeter and soulful side of reggae Kaya is the one.  Although the lyrics werent as deep or political as Bob's other  albums Kaya brings an approach that allot of 70's music brought but with a  reggae twist.  This is definately an album worth having in your reggae  collection.
B000002UB3|5.0|When I listen to this C-D, i do not here one bad song. It is one of the best C-D's i have ever heard.
0783216084|5.0|Definetly one of the greatest films of all time, Steven Speilberg is superb as always.  My friend and I were watching it the other day, and just when the suspence had reached a peak Ben Gardner's head appeared in the  water and my friend, who's not scared of much, gasped in shock and yelled,  &quot;Darnit! Why do they have to do that!&quot;  Obviously he'd been  frightened.  Horror, suspence, a thriller by Steven Spielberg, what more  could you want?  Well mabye a copy of Jurassic Park to go along with it.
B000002UC5|5.0|McCartney is the greatest Homespun Record of all time. Mccartney shows that he was the most talented beatle. One of my favorite Drummers of all time. My favorite bass player of all time. JUNK is so beautiful!  He  didnt even have a mixer when he recorded the album. John lennon may have  been the poet of the beatles but Paul mcCartney was is the greatest Melody  Writer EVER!  I hate how John lennon gets more respect. None of his solo  records are listenable to me. Paul McCartney should be the one getting most  of the credit for making the beatles what they were. Also Linda McCartney  wasnt the best singer but her voice is so cool. Her voice had more  personality than anyone elses. Listen to her harmonies on this record and  also on ram. Buy this record and get your kids into this. Paul was the nice  beatle, so what. John lennon is liked more for his inpact as a rebelious  Icon. Paul is the greatest.
0451169514|5.0|What a great book. First and foremost I would like to say that I was and still am all of the characters in this book. The characters are so real that you feel that you've known them and still know some of them. It's  really incredible. The realism of the book makes TO KILL A MOCKING BIRD  look dis-honest and too fantasized. I loved the pchycic space confrontation  and the end was beautiful and moving. Man the turtle was cool but he was  weird wasn't he? Now this book was in no way perfect, Patty Uris' biography  was REALLY TOO LONG and some parts felt a bit UN-neccesary. It's not  perfect but it's as perfect as it get's. Nothing feels better than reading  the last page of SUCH A LONG GOOD book.
6305609691|3.0|I was 11 when this movie was released (1979), and over the years I pretty much forgot about it.  So while perusing the DVD section at the local video store, I thought I would give it a try.<br />Mind you, I had no preconceived  notions of this film.  In fact, I didn't even know the basic plot line.   <br />So it comes down to this: Please, tell me something new!  So war is  horror?  No kidding.  Did I need F.F.C. to tell me that?  You mean the 60  thousand or so killed in Nam wasn't enough to get this point across?  Gimme  a break.<br />Now, this movie was entertaining, but it certainly wasn't ground  breaking.  The music was odd; but I had to keep telling myself that it was  made 20 years ago.  This brings up a point:  The reason I kept forgetting  it was made 20 years ago is that the DVD quality of this movie IS  incredible.  Crisp, clear, bright colors.  Definitely one of the best  transfers I've experienced.  The &quot;alternate ending&quot; (which  actually WASN'T an alternate ending) was an interesting twist that I wasn't  aware of.<br />Rent it, but I know I wouldn't watch this movie 5 times to make  buying it worth the price.
B00000DFSK|2.0|Still in shock I gave it 2 stars - this release should have been much bigger - Boy, War, UF are in of themselves a &quot;Best of&quot; and slightly under represented in my humble opinion - if you like Joshua and  post release material this pup's for you otherwise if you're younger than  28 you probably have no idea what the heck I'm talkin about - don't waste  your money - go out and buy the real deal - I'll wait for the boxset I  guess...
068484267X|5.0|This is a wonderful book. It was very deep and gave me a lift. Angela's Ashes helped me realize how lucky I really am to have food each day and a home to live in. The parts that were funny really gave me an emotional  uproar and taught mme to laugh at my own mistakes, not just other's.
B000002IH5|5.0|I listen to this  album every day and think what a tradgedy it is that Otis Redding died before his time. The music that this man was starting to create is the epitomy of soul and I am moved nearly to tears listenting to  Otis belt out such tunes as 'Ole Man Trouble', 'Let Me Come Home', and 'The  Glory of Love' and in the next moment smiling and laughing along with Otis  on the tunes 'Tramp' and 'The Huckle-Buck'. I am a fan of all generes of  music and this is the one album I would reccomend to anyone, no matter what  kind of music they prefer. Listen to 'Dock of the Bay' I gurantee you will  fall in love with Otis Redding.
6305226296|5.0|This is an excellent video.  If anything their voices are better.  It is nice to see them live and see how they blend their voices.  You feel like you get to know them a little.  Just listening to the music you can then  pick out each voice and know who is singing which part.
B00000I952|5.0|A marvelous, deep, lyrically brilliant album. My personal favourite is 'I Let the Music Speak' whilst 'One of us', 'Slipping through my fingers' and 'Like and angel passing through my room' are other high points. A mature  album which is great to really 'listen' to.
B000001ESP|5.0|This is probably Rush's most successful and popular album.  It features &quot;Tom Sawyer&quot;, a catchy song though I'm still not sure what it's about.  &quot;YYZ&quot; is one of their best instrumentals ever, showcasing  all of Rush's musical talent with Alex's guitar, Geddy's bass, and Neil's  percussion (on a trivial note YYZ stands for the initials for the Canadian  Airline System).  &quot;Limelight&quot; is really about what it's like to  be an entertainer and how it has affected their personal lives.  &quot;Red  Barchetta&quot; has to be one of the most poetic songs ever written about  an often-written-about subject: an automobile(Neil always had a way with  words!).  Side 2 features a more progressive side to Rush (a sign of things  to come).  &quot;The Camera Eye&quot; features lots of synthesizer work  from Geddy (a futuristic tour through city life).  &quot;Wich Hunt&quot; is  the 1st segment of a 3-part theme called &quot;Fear&quot; (though coined as  Part 3).  A rather spooky song, it deals with how easy it is to blame  others for our own weaknesses.  Finally, we come to &quot;Vital Signs&quot;  which showed where Rush were headed, as they were always known to  &quot;deviate from the norm&quot;.
0385493800|5.0|The editorial review concluding classic Grisham is shortsighted. The venture into the Patanal is a new foray for Grisham, one that adds a welcome touch of Mitchner or Crichton. Frankly, after his first four books,  I concluded Grisham had become too pedestrian for consideration. My good  friend gave me this book for Christmas and I am more than pleasantly  surprised at the increase in scope. His handling of the relationship  between the missionary and the lawyer was stirring; and the personal growth  thereafter of the lawyer, miraculous. I loved this bit of very positive  mixed with the negative of the inheritance squabble. It allows the reader  to reevaluate his/her own values.
0440234743|5.0|I couldn't put this one down!  I thirsted for the next word through the entire book.  I was always on the edge dying to know what would happen next.  Absolute brilliance!
B000002UJQ|5.0|One of the greatest albums ever made.  Everything is there, the lyrics, the power, the tenderness.  This album is so seductive.  Buy it.<br />jasontootle@hotmail.com
B00003XB8K|4.0|This album is a very nice album to listen to while taking a drive through the streets of New York, but unlike their past albums, it seems that they have left out that Enigma feeling of music and, instead, have taking a  different route and style.  This is indeed a much mature album and deserves  more attention.  If you're an Enigma fan then you will respect this new  style.
0790729989|5.0|One of the most disturbing thrillers ever made (forget Lambs this is truly frightening), Seven both shocks and challenges you, grips you then knocks you out, and leaves you cold with a little shortage of oxygen and a mild  headache.<br />First the actors. Morgan Freeman showcases his patient acting  style here in a calm, knowledgable role while Brad Pitt turns up the  intensity and heat factor with hot-tempered hotshot role. Gwyneth Paltrow  does a fine job in her few minutes on screen as Pitt's wife. And the final  actor, (a well kept secret during most of the movie) Kevin Spacey, the  killer, does one of the greatest jobs for a villain I've ever witnessed. No  other actor could have got the sympathy he got with the disturbing,  offensive material he said to Freeman/Pitt, even if the sympathy was tiny,  just a little shred.<br />As for the theme of the film I'm not quite sure  whether to think director Fincher was trying to make a horrifying homicide  thriller, a character study in the middle of a killing spree, or a  challenging, depressing, twisted message to the world (which has some  credibility when you hear Spacey explain it). If Fincher was putting in the  effort to do the latter, which is unlikely, I believe he might be quite  disturbed or even hacked off at the world. But I believe the prince of  acting's (Spacey) harrowing performance is partly the reason the movie  could get this impression/reaction.<br />Overall this is one of the best  detective thrillers of the decade, maybe of alltime and is definitely worth  looking at, but its not for the squeamish or the deep-deep-thinkers (it  might influence..). P.S. the momentary glimpse of Gwyneth's face during the  film's final act (before Spacey/Pitt finishes the masterpiece..) gave me a  HUGE psychological shock, I couldn't sleep for a week...good work  Fincher!...
B000035Z2L|5.0|If course in a movie about a group of teen boys there has to be SEX. In this movie it could not have been handled in a more funny way! The situations these guys get in to are not unlike situations average teens  find themselves. OK, so maybe not every teen male winds up with pie on his  you-know-what, but you get the idea. This movie is hilarious and one thing  is for sure...I'll NEVER look at mom's apple pie in the same way again!
0671578278|5.0|Despite the cataclismic changes in his life over the past few years, Miles is still, well, Miles. Miles as a politician is the best thing to ever happen to Barrayar. It's heartbreaking to watch the boy work to gain the  affection of a woman he loves for the first time in his life. All this talk  of weddings makes me think of guest lists... (Uh, Taura, Elli, Elena,  Baz-can he even come back to barrayar?, Tung)  Taura at least, seems to  have a surefire chance of showing up somehow.  Ekaterin is exactly what  Miles needs. A keeper. This is by far the best Vorkosigan book I've read,  but I think the drain incident could have used a little more illustration,  but oh well.
B00000J7J4|4.0|While this may be his most commercially successful release in years, it is at the same time disapointing!   Carlos Santana has long been one of the most prolific guitarists in Rock. Supernatural is a compromise in musical  content, that was created to sell.  I do like two or three of the  collaberations with the guests he has chosen to work with.  Put your lights  on, and Smooth are good songs.  Several times in this release the  &quot;guest&quot; artist mentions Santana in the lyrics of the song. That  just comes across as tacky.   As a person who owns almost everything that  Santana has produced I still recommend Supernatural, just don't expect  another &quot;Abraxas&quot; or &quot;Moonflower&quot;.
B000001A3H|5.0|blasting out into space like some 3-stage rocket, kyuss, the only band that could go pound for pound with any band and smash them to pieces, is an original band in that most unoriginal of music forms--rock.  with a sound  not unlike a volcano blasting and spewing its molten rock all over, kyuss  is electric lava.  this album starts off slowly and seductively.   &quot;thumb&quot; then pummels its way deep into the self.  &quot;green  machine&quot; is the single--the song that i first happened to luckily  catch on &quot;headbanger's ball&quot; way back in 1992.  as soon as i  heard it i went and bought the album the next day.  and it's been  electrifying me since.  the album is dense--packed with mondo nuggets that  will send you tripping ballz.  oh, and it's the best music to play along to  ctf quake 2...heh.
0783229526|5.0|This is definately THE best film adaptation from a book I've ever seen. Thompson's novel is brought to life through the incredible acting (Depp is AMAZING!) and wonderful directing (my all time fav. Terry Gilliam!). This  is a great film, one to watch over and over again and still discover new  things everytime. A hilarious yet savage journey to the heart of the  American dream.
B000009QO6|5.0|I admit that i never heard of danzig untill i heard mother in 93. But now he is my fav. artist. If you are a rock fan or a metal fan you should get danzig. it rules! It is a must have.
6305364613|5.0|THE BEST MOVIE! I cant believe it only got a 4! it must be a five
6305627347|5.0|An excellent satirical work of our time, in the spirit of a great post-modern satirist, Frank Zappa. Hollywood hasn't put out anything of quality in years, but this one is definitely not method. Its gotten so bad  that anything even slightly creative, like South Park, won't get widespread  acceptance. Its because this film ruthlessly goes at the heart of American  pop culture - Christianity (a present day mythology), misguided Mothers of  Young Children Who Can't Acknowledge or Accept Personal Responsibility,  police brutality, war heroes, rampant social conservatism, bogus musical  scores, etc. I can't even use the work *uck on amazon.com without putting  this asterisk in here. American pop culture and politics needs to grow up,  but it never will. And in a lot of ways, South Park captures this  wonderfully.
B000002H2H|5.0|I was like 10 when my cousin took me to buy this CD. It was my first Metallica album and I only liked Fade to Black and the Call of Ktulu.  This being the time under my dad's influence when I felt big hair and loud music  was evil and couldn't be considered music at all! Now I listen to every  single track on the amazing CD and I can never find a CD better.  The best  Metallica album.  The best album ever!  How can you not buy a CD with Fade  To Black on it, the most amazing, poetic, yet heavy Metallica song ever!   Better yet, buy all the Metallica CD's, like I have! It's worth it!  METALLICA RULES!  RTL is the best CD EVER! I can't wait till the RTL Gold  CD comes out.. just 2 days left
B000031WD8|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies i've seen in a long time. It took me over four hours to watch this movie.I had to stop and rewind every few minutes because i was laughing so hard. This is one of those movies you'll  never forget. Truly a classic in the making.
0875845851|4.0|Prior to reading this book, I chalked up the misfortunes of the well run companies of our time to the vagaries of the market place and put them in the same shoulder shrugging category of &quot;bad things happen to good  people.&quot;  But now I have a new way of looking at success and failure  due to disruptive technology.  I better understand my own frustrations of  trying to do new things in a large corporation given the further insight  from Christensen that assets are really managed by customers, not our own  managers.  That is what makes this book scary.  There seems little hope  of any large corporation staying on top of disruptive technology unless  they follow the prescription of segregating those innovations from the  usual corporate overhead structure. That means spinning off groups, taking  equity positions in start-up firms, and/or completely funding start-ups to  grow the new markets.  The writing is clear, the data gathered is  thorough and fully documented with ample notes, the logic is concise, and  the conclusions are entirely logical. Christensen gives us formulas for  success including agnostic marketing to help us recognize emerging markets.  The case studies are at once interesting and compelling. This is a must  read for managers in any industry. Dr. Andrew S. Grove, Chairman and CEO of  Intel Corporation had this to say, &quot;This book addresses a tough  problem that most successful companies will face eventually. It's lucid,  analytical-and scary.&quot;
0440217563|1.0|Outlander was a really fun book to read.  Dragonfly in Amber was weird, but still fun.  This book is pretty stupid, though.  Claire keeps losing her clothes and getting pretty new ones -- over and over.  The book jumps  from one bizarre calamity to another, without enough story in between to  hold it together.
6304806434|5.0|This is a great movie, quit the special effects. And anyone who thinks that this movie is racist, seriously needs to wake up.  I could argue that the film was racist against whites because there were more white criminals  than black criminals on the plane, but I don't do I?
B00000768B|4.0|When ABBA arrived in the US via Atlantic Records in the early/mid 70's; the earliest work you could get of them was the &quot;Waterloo&quot; album.  Although some tracks from &quot;Ring Ring&quot; did show up on their  &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; LP in '76, most of us had never heard the rest of  the tracks from this, their first album.  I am delighted to finally be able  to add this first album to my ABBA collection.  Although some people find  the tracks on this album to be inferior to their later releases, I find  this album to reflect their &quot;roots&quot; if you will.  Most of the  tracks reflect a happy upbeat time in the groups career; a far cry from  some of their later releases which reflected sadder times in the members  personal lives.  The best tracks on the disc include &quot;Ring Ring,&quot;  &quot;Another Town, Another Train,&quot; &quot;He Is Your Brother,&quot;  and &quot;Rock 'N Roll Band.&quot;  And yes, while it is easy to tell that  this album was the beginning of what would become a phenominal sensation  all over the world, the mood of this album is more true to life of what the  group was all about.  If you're a fan of the group as a whole, you will  want this album.  If you're only a fan of their biggest hits, you might  want to skip it.
6305657947|5.0|I thought this was a good film...not at all what I expected. The movie was full of supsense...just when I thought it was going one way it went another. I also enjoyed how they weaved the love story in, how again you  really never know how or what the other is planning. Both the scenes for  the theft and the &quot;return&quot; of the painting we well written. I'm  one of those people who watches a movie, I think a little of what certain  things mean, but try not to really guess. I was really impresses on how  Crown managed to get the painting back in the musuem, and how he managed to  hide it. I would probably never guessed it. The ending, even as predictable  as it was...I am happy the way it ended. I would not have been happy with  them being seperate...the whole movie you want them to get together.
B000031WD9|2.0|I must say that I was very disappointed in the film, &quot;American Pie&quot;.  Why?  Because we've seen the formula done before and done better than it is here.  For example: &quot;Fast Time At Ridgemont  High&quot; and &quot;Porky's&quot;.  <br />Don't get me wrong.  I don't  completely hate the movie.   The actors are very good with the material  that they are given.   Plus, it is well-directed.  Also, there are several  very funny scenes in this movie, but as a whole the film just desn't  work.<br />Eugene Levy steals every scene he is in as the father who tries to  deal with his pastry-porking son.<br />The DVD is nicely done.  The picture is  good, as is the sound.  The film is available in an R-Rated and Unrated  version.  There is little difference between the two.  Apart from the pie  scene and a few snippets of dialogue, they are the same.
B0000035GN|5.0|In the Pantheon of classic lo-fi albums, Bakesale ranks as the greatest ever recorded.  Lou Barlow's songwriting is pristine (as always) and Jason Loewenstein finally comes into his own as a wonderful songwriter (his song  &quot;S. Soup&quot; is in a class by itself).  Sebadoh paved the way for  indie rock, and this is their high water mark.  In short, if you love the  rock and roll music, Bakesale is a must.
B00000IL1K|1.0|Sorely disappointed by this album. Brightman's voice is monotonous and her singing style is boring to the extreme. There's never any tone colouring and her technique is clumsy. In some of the songs, her singing can in fact  be pretentious. It makes one feel that she's a product of media hype rather  than genuine artistry.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I bought Fiona's first cd because of the song &quot;criminal&quot; and was slightly disappointed with the rest of the cd, except for a few songs that stood out.  Most of them seemed too angry or melancholy for my taste.   However, I liked her enough to buy &quot;When the Pawn...&quot;, hoping  that the brief flashes of genius on &quot;Tidal&quot; were a sign of better  things to come.  I wasn't prepared for what I heard.  &quot;Pawn&quot;  throbbed with strength and originality.  It was as if Fiona had made a  pretty sketch with &quot;Tidal&quot;, and had expanded on the same theme to  create a brilliant oil painting in &quot;Pawn.&quot;  And, as with all good  works of art, it grew stronger and revealed more of itself with each  listen.  The whole cd glows with imagination.  Fiona's voice goes to  greater lengths, and where on her last album her voice sank to a whisper or  rose to a strained wail,on this one it growls and trills and vibrates with  emotion.  Either Fiona has grown more courageous or her vocal strength has  grown. Lyrically, many of the songs are similar, but also seem to have  grown in depth and inventiveness
B000005J56|5.0|Knowing I was born in Cuba, a friend told me about a great documentary she'd recently watched on Cuban music...then lent me her CD. I was reeling in nostalgia, remembering the music that, as a kid, would &quot;set my body on fire&quot; and make it dance. I was thrilled to hear songs of my roots,  and felt my spirits soar with happiness and pride.<br />I ordered the CD and  several copies of the video from Amazon, sight unseen. If I thought the  music on the CD moved me, I was totally unprepared for the video. The  footage was amazing, very well done, and extremely tactful. I sent copies  of the video tapes to family and friends - they were thrilled.<br />I would  like to thank Ry Cooder for his dedication and determination to bring such  happiness to the deserving musicians of the Buena Vista Social Club, and to  bring all of us a piece of old Cuba.
B000004286|5.0|The first time that I saw the movie, I knew that I had to have the soundtrack...the music moved me that much.  Anyone who loves the movie or loves music that will keep you coming back for more will love the  Braveheart soundtrack.  If you don't already have &quot;More Music from  Braveheart&quot; which is the second soundtrack released, I would greatly  suggest that you get that one too!
068484267X|5.0|I too thought this book was powerful, enlightening, and often down right amusing.  I couldn't wait to finish the book so I could see the movie.  My husband (who had not read the book) and I saw the movie this week, and it  was true to the book.  Mr. McCourt's writing is so descriptive, that I knew  in my mind what the movie would look like before I saw it.  Many times  during the book I found myself near tears, and then something uplifting  would occur.  I found the book so gripping, that I could barely put it  down.  I was glad for the eastern snow storm so I could stay inside and  finish this book.  I can't wait to read 'Tis.
B00004BZ16|5.0|most critics have made it point to note that this work is too long, and yet fall short of listing which tracks are superfluous.  in my view, there is no filler on this disc and it belongs in the canon of the greatest works  of rock and roll. there are few works by any other rock artists that are as  diverse, inspiring and far-sighted. the clash take the populist, rebel  political stance of punk and expand it in every direction--creating a  sophisticated social awareness that was unprecedented in its day and  unequaled since. despite its anti-commercial stance, sandinista! retains  its musical power and social relevance--which helps explain why it can be  reissued 18 years later.
0446310786|5.0|I recently read this book for my English class and found it to be utterly wonderful!  This book really made me think about the differences, and similiarities, of our society from the period the book was set in to the  present time.  I highly recommend it to anyone looking to read a good book.
B00000J7J4|5.0|How fitting to end the century and the millenium with the top album from the premier guitarist in Rock n Roll today.Senor Santana has created and given us a sublime masterpiece!A little something for  everybody:Blues,Jazz,Rock,Rap,Soul,Latin and Pop.The pioneer of World Music  has weaved a tapestry as only he can.With his quest toward the true and  pure note,you could also call this supernatural piece of work:&quot;Within  Simplicity lies the Sublime&quot; It will move ya and grove ya.Check it  out!
B000006045|5.0|I just found out yesterday that Massive Attack has broken up.  I was utterly shocked.  I am obcessed with them, and the thought of them not putting out a new album saddens me.  This is their last piece of art, and I  must say I love it.  THe whole album has trhis feel of being in a big city  at night.  Very dark on the outside, but by listening closely  you casn  hear the deep emational tones on the inside.  Truley one of my favorites.   Buy this album.
B00000J7J4|5.0|How fitting to end the century and the millenium with the top album from the premier guitarist in Rock n Roll today.Senor Santana has created and given us a sublime masterpiece!A little something for  everybody:Blues,Jazz,Rock,Rap,Soul,Latin and Pop.The pioneer of World Music  has weaved a tapestry as only he can.With his quest toward the true and  pure note,you could also call this supernatural piece of work:&quot;Within  Simplicity lies the Sublime&quot; It will move ya and grove ya.Check it  out!
0792148061|4.0|Did you know the first choice for Sandy was that chick from The Partridge Family? She declined, saying she was looking for more mature roles, what an idiot! Allen Carr (producer) met Olivia at a dinner party and decided she  WAS Sandy, Grease was already in production, so they changed the role of  Sandy to fit Livvy's aussie accent. Can you also imagine this film without  the songs, &quot;Hopelessly Devoted&quot; and &quot;Your The One That I  Want&quot;? These songs came about when Olivia was hired and her  songwriter, John Farrar, wrote those 2 songs for the movie. Originally,  these songs would not have been in this movie if not for Olivia. Can you  imagine how boring this movie would be without those 2 songs? The original  broadway play does not include these songs, and well, YAWN is the best  description I can think of. Travolta cried that Olivia has these 2 great  songs and he didn't have a solo to sing, afraid he would be upstaged by  Olivia. So, the producers wrote &quot;Sandy&quot; just for him. That song  originally was not to be in the film either had John not had a temper  tantrum. I can't imagine GREASE without these songs or Olivia. So why does  everyone give John top billing in the credits when Olivia is the charm  behind Grease? Olivia recently filed a lawsuit because she isn't getting  her share of Grease millions. Good Luck to you Livvy
B0000214F3|5.0|This movie is a keeper! Rent it first, like I did, but then, buy it! Watch it anytime you need reminding about living life to its fullest! Yes, it is long, and no, it is not for children, but it is worth the 3 hours. Get a  sitter for the little ones, make some popcorn, get some kleenex, and be  prepared! Don't be in a hurry with this movie, it dictates its own pace and  demands your full attention. Enjoy!
B000002MG1|4.0|I remember when this CD came out, I was 13 years old and very impressionable.  It just gets better with time.  The acoustic material is some of the best they've done.  This is a wonderful record for the times  you want to relax and take it easy.  Top cuts are &quot;Drive&quot;,  &quot;Monty Got a Raw Deal&quot; , &quot;Man on the Moon&quot;, and  &quot;Find the River&quot;.  a great starter cd for those few who are new  to R.E.M. Thanks for reading!
0440234743|5.0|The only objection I have with The Testament is that it came to an end. From the very 1st chapter and paragraph John Grisham gets the reader immediately involved. He has you immediately wondering what the intentions  of Troy Phelan might be? A man of tremendous wealth and a huge dislike for  his children. The intensity of the book grows with each page.  Difficult to  put down. Just an outstanding novel, a true 5 stars.
B000002C1Z|5.0|I got this tape for 5 dollars when I was in my teens, I heard good things about pink floyd and I figured Id give it a try.  Every Song is memorable and thought provoking.  Roger Waters is a true poet and David Gilmour is a  extraordinary guitarist.  You must listen to this album all the way thru.   I wore out the tape and I plan to get the cd very soon.  I am counting the  days until I can buy it.  this album should be in every rock lovers  collection!
B0000029LG|5.0|Simply put, this album proves there is nothing Michael Jackson is not capable of doing. One of his many shining moments. A true musical phenomonan. Not many people even scrape to his level of ability. His  arrangements are beautiful and his lyrics are the best that he has have  ever done. He has proved himself to me as a true master compser.
B000003S2K|4.0|Brian Eno, what can I say? An elusive figure in the music industry but yet regularly produces new material. I first heard Eno on a collaboration album with Harold Budd and have been loyal ever since. Music for Airports is a  soothing, interesting work. I remember playing it on a vinyl record as a  child in my room, my mother said later that night to my father, &quot;Did  you hear that heavenly music?&quot; Apparently she thought it was coming  from the sky (or the local church). I promptly replaced my vinyl version  with the CD because it stands out in my music collection as one of the most  played CD's for meditation or just plain relaxation. DISCOVER ENO!  hint:  if you like Eno try Harold Budd also.
6305622825|3.0|Minuses, an old fart like Connery has a chance with a young, beautiful woman.  Pluses, interesting twist at the end, Catherine Zeta-Jones.
B000001ZS4|5.0|Simply put, the best of all his works.  His mixing and engineering on this work have never been topped.  Jarre is truly a pioneer, as this piece does not sound old for a 20+ year old production.
6303921248|5.0|The other film versions of this novel do not even begin to compare with this one. Jennifer Ehle and Colin Firth truly seem to become Elizabeth Bennet and Fitzwilliam Darcy. Everything about this mini series is  spectacular, from the script (and adaptations are not easy!), the costumes,  casting, and sets! If you have read the book, you will be enchanted by this  series. (and most movies from books are dreadfully bad, may I remind you)  If you haven't read the book, you will love this movie as well, sending you  right to your local library so you CAN read the book!
B000002X4T|5.0|Jorma Kaukonen is truly one of rock's most underrated guitarists. His talent is very well displayed on Jefferson Airplane's final album of the sixties, Volunteers. It's a great album, overall, and not as overtly  political as some would have you think. It's an album which truly displays  the talented musicianship and songwriting brilliance of this San Francisco  sextet. Great songs, beautiful lyrics and, of course, Jorma's excellent  guitar work.
6305075379|4.0|Good movie, bad dubbing.  Please releast the origanl version.  I took one star off becuse of the dubbing.
0767811038|4.0|Sure, the plot was mediocre at best, and the acting...well, no one lost any sleep over Casper or Denise failing to earn Academy nominations, but it was a fun &quot;no-brainer&quot;.  It really was.  Because sometimes you  just want to sit back, drink a beer, and not have to really concentrate on  what's going on in the movie.  And this is definately one you don't have to  follow too closely.<br />But IT IS entertaining...probably not a good choice  for the youngsters (what do I know? I'm not a mother), but the cats and I  thoroughly enjoyed and continue to enjoy this one (I did buy it!).<br />So,  what I'm trying to say to those of you who have reviewed this one so  harshly: &quot;Don't watch it again; try not to even think about it, if it  is such an insult to your intelligence.&quot;  <br />But there are those of us  who enjoy this kind of movie every now and then, and we are still able to  think and chew gum at the same time! :)
6303477259|4.0|The Wall on vinal was my first experience listening to the soothing sounds of Floyd.  Knowing (and also experiencing) the suggestive drug induced motif of the band, this was a small price to pay for the sounds of shangrila which is Pink floyd.     Many years have gone by and many  sessions of listening have as well.  That is what Floyd is to me, a  listening session, a true experience, an emotional rollercoaster.  Too many  times have I been on the brink of seeing the face of god while on drugs too  powerful for a skinny shmuck like me. Too many times was I not my self.     PULSE, first shown to me in a college dorm room while stoned on marijuana,  was amazing.  No dull moments, the circular screen/eyeball of truth, was  just what the doctor ordered.  There was a sense of emptiness when I  realized &quot;One of these days&quot; was not part of the Pulse ticket,  but all in all, a masterpiece.  Floyd is the b[est].   North Cambridge, Mass
B00003XB8K|2.0|Damn you, Curly, don't you know that Orff has been sampled now FAR TOO MANY times for you to come along and do it and expect to be considered original?  I find it VERY difficult to get by Enigma's over use of the Carl  Orff samples... they distract from a very good piece of work, and from an  otherwise SPECTACULAR song, &quot;Gravity of Love&quot;. I have been a fan  of Enigma AND Olive  since both of their respective debuts, and Ruth-Ann's  vocals are as strong and passionate as ever, here. If any DJ or music  producer reads this, give &quot;gravity...&quot; a remix WITHOUT the  &quot;Carmina Burana&quot; samples... ;) After a bit of a disappointment  after E3, I am underwhelmed over all with this outing. Buy Olive,  &quot;Extra Virgin&quot; if you havent already... IT'S WORTH IT. It should  be the litmus test for all other music in this genre.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Wow!  I have all four Enigma CDs, and I definitely like this one the best.  I hesitated to purchase it because I hadn't been as taken by the last album as much as by the first two.  But it's worth it!  I recommend it for  fans and newcomers alike.<br />The vocals do not bog down the album at all (I  thought they tended to be a little corny in the last one, especially  Cretu's own singing).  What's more, bits and pieces of old tracks are mixed  into the new tracks, giving this album a nostalgic feeling.  And I loved  the &quot;Carmina Burana&quot; theme!
B0000028M7|1.0|This music is tasteless. Nothing but plain old recycled 70's riffs w/ offbeat drums. The riffs are same as Led Zepplin's only they were a great and time-tested group. How come AIC couldn't release another very good CD  like FaceLift? 'Sickman' is just that, sick. Songs like 'Dirt', 'Junkhead',  'Hate to Feel', and 'Rain When I Die' have way too slow rhythms and are  boring. Layne Staley sounds like Beavis as Cornholio. If you want better  grunge, go listen to Soundgarden.
6305648522|5.0|I was required to watch this movie for a film class I was taking in college.  The film was not shown to the class as a whole and since there were only two copies of the movie in our town (the video store and the A/V  lab), I ended up in an outdated A/V lab with extremely uncomfortable and  bulky headphones and a small TV screen.<br />Needless to say I was not looking  forward to this experience (Foreign movie with subtitles and the worst  possible viewing conditions).  What occurred during this time I would not  trade for the world.  It was simply magical.  Never in my life have I been  so engrossed in a movie.  The last 10 minutes of this movie had a 230 lb.  man in tears in the middle of an A/V lab.  It will remind you of everything  that is great about \\"the movies\\" and everything you hope for as you walk  into a theater.  Watch this movie and live its message.  Live your life and  dreams with love never censor or suppress it!
B00000JCOV|1.0|This is trash! Just because there is nine members doesn't this is pure perfection. The worst part is the &quot;singer&quot;. Screaming throughout the entire CD is not talent. And why swear or say something rude fifty  times a song, EVERY song? Slipknot is another no-talent band. If people  think this is great metal, or think this is a band that saved metal, then  it's dead or dying. The guitarists are terrible too.
0440234743|4.0|I've read all of John Grisham's books, and this one is another great book.  There are a few slow spots, but they are very few.  For the most part, it is exciting, entertaining, and even quite humorous.  The characters are  entertaining, and the stories of the Pantanal area of Brazil are very  interesting.  I came across a documentary on the Pantanal a couple of days  after I finished the book, and it turns out that Grisham's descriptions are  actually very accurate.  I have read that he has visited the region, so the  material comes first hand.  Best of all, there is finally a somewhat happy  ending to the story, which is different from most of Grisham's books.  I  thoroughly enjoyed the book, and would recommend it to all.
0440234743|5.0|What are people looking for in a book anyway? I've read some of the bad reviews about this book, and I can't believe it!  The Testament gave me everything I look for in a book, i.e. suspense, adventure, and a great  story. It's one of the few books published lately that makes me want to  pick it up and see what happens next.  I wish more authors were as easy and  fun to read. I've read most of Grisham's books, and this one rates along  with The Firm and The Rainmaker. I hope he continues to write more books  like this one.
630508999X|5.0|I BOUGHT SCREAM 2 IN WIDESCREEN : MUCH BETTER!  IN THE PAN AND SCAN VERSION PEOPLES HEADS ARE BIGGER THAN THE SCREEN. WIDESCREEN DOES  JUSTICE TO SCREAM 2  CAN'T WAIT FOR SCREAM 3
0140282033|5.0|Once again, chocolate weaves its magic, this time, an almost alchemical potion unleashed upon the citizens of a small viallge in France. So beautifully written -- you can almost taste it!The perfect companion piece  to BITTERSWEET JOURNEY, a delightful novel for all the senses.
B00000255X|5.0|Everyone should own this record; it beats &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; with a stick. Sara reminds me of my ex-fiance. That enough should be enough to raise a glass to a heartbroken guy on St Simons.
0553565915|5.0|This book will change the way you view life; both your own and those around you!
0446525537|5.0|I myself am not an avid reader, but after my sister in law gave me this book, you can be sure I cannot wait to read the notebook, and message in a bottle!  Ater going through cancer myself last year, it once again made me  realize how short life really can be, and to cherish every minute we  have..The ending was so sad, but that is life, but it makes you again  realize that we all could learn alot from Landon, and Jamie, and not to  ever put someone down for their exterior looks,because if you look deep  within, everyone has something special to offer us all!
B00000I07P|4.0|In 1986 when this came out I was in middle school.  Perfect age for this pop/hard rock album.  The music was fun and the lyrics were aimed at my age level.  I don't think any one will say this is the best album ever or even  that this ranks up there with &quot;Abbey Road&quot; by the Beatles.  We  are talking about fun &quot;hair&quot; rock.  Songs like &quot;You Give  Love A Bad Name&quot;, &quot;Livin' On A Prayer&quot; and &quot;Social  Disease&quot; all bring back great memories.  Their best, yes!
6305169187|1.0|Unrelentingly stupid.  Appallingly devoid of merit.  It is unfortunate that Steve Buscemi would be in such a worthless movie.  I'd rather watch a test of the emergency broacast system.
1573226521|4.0|I enjoyed the first 2/3 of this book very much.  I enjoyed its realistic view of backpackers in Asia.   If you have travelled there, you have seen them.  Always looking for the more hardcore place.  China, Vietnam,  Thailand, Cambodia...always trying to out do the other.  I found the book  very entertaining until the last 70 or so pages.  The climax or lack there  of was a let down.  The tension built and built but never reached its  potential.  A good book with a poor ending.  I am curious to see the movie  version.
630289915X|5.0|Apparently, it was the well-known literati film critic Pauline Kael who once described It's a Wonderful Life as &quot;doggerel masquerading as art.&quot; As a fairly keen film fan, I am sometimes grateful that there  are critics who probe a little deeper and find questionable aspects in  certain films that enjoy great popularity, especially in these days of the  omnipresent Big Dumb Blockbuster Movie, but here I think she did Capra's  classic a gross injustice. For those who are seeing it for the first time,  as I finally did recently after missing it for years, IAWL is that true  delight, a bona fide classic that, for most people, is actually capable of  living up to its reputation. For from a purely cinematic and storytelling  point of view, too, IAWL remains a most impressive achievement, and this  surely has contributed much towards its lasting and universal appeal.<br />The  film is so well-known that any further comment on it may seem superfluous,  but one of the main reasons why I find IAWL ultimately so successful is  that unlike, say, Roberto Benigni's recent (and similarly titled and  oriented) Life is Beautiful - to my mind, much overrated - IAWL's highly  stylized story, beyond its own very obvious fantasy premise, always remains  a relatively plausible one. Good, on closer examination it may still seem  just a little improbable and contrived, and, for some tastes, perhaps a bit  too sentimental at times, but that's not so critical here. For me,  Benigni's film loses much of its impact because Benigni stretched  credibility way too far in adapting and softening up its holocaust setting  to meet the needs of his story. True, fans of Benigni's film argue that it  was only meant as a fable anyway, and that is a valid point, but  unfortunately the holocaust itself was no fable, and that leaves me  seriously questioning the honesty and credibility of the film's message as  indicated by its title. Capra's classic fable does not make such a mistake.  Instead, it depicts the central protagonist, George Bailey, as a  believable, sympathetic character in small-town America who has to suffer  constant disappointment and loss throughout his life. His desire to end his  life at the film's climax seems quite understandable: it seems that he has  lost just about everything.<br />From a storytelling point of view, the whole  buildup to this climax, the depiction of George's life story, can be seen  as a spectacular piece of risk-taking on Capra's part, since it is so long  and drawn-out. The first half of the film can seem slow, but it is  precisely the extreme length of this buildup, and the level of detail of  George's life that it depicts, that makes the ultimate resolution of the  story so unexpectedly powerful. For the still uninitiated, this means: stay  with it. For by the time Clarence the angel finally appears, the viewer is  intimately familiar with George's dilemma and can identify with it  accordingly. George seems to have had a dull and uninspiring life, has  never fulfilled his former dreams and ambitions, and now has a financial  crisis on his hands, at Christmas of all times. And just when he's at his  most down, he's been further humiliated by his arch-rival, the Scrooge-like  Potter, socked on the jaw by his daughter's schoolteacher's husband, and,  in his drunkenness, has rammed his car into a tree. Most perceptive; life  can be just like that, sometimes the misfortunes pile up just when there's  enough of them already. After indulging in often overt sentimentality  earlier in the film, Capra depicts this ultimate crisis in George's life in  a surprisingly chilling and dark fashion, adding still further to the  overall impact. Anyone who thinks that the actors weren't really challenged  by their material should reconsider in view of this part of the film - for  example, the way James Stewart plays George's climactic breakdown in front  of his family, and his later despair in the bar, is truly masterful.  Stewartwas a genuinely great actor.<br />The genius of the film is then how  Clarence (the most unlikely angel imaginable) is still able to turn  George's (and the viewer's) perspective around, despite such a long, dark  setup. Here, too, the alternative Bedford Falls &quot;time line&quot;  (Pottersville) is both chilling and sure in its logic. Hence, when George  finally realizes what would have become of his family, friends and  acquaintances, and even his town had he never been, the effect is for both  him and the viewer an unexpected and thrilling revelation. When he finally  beams with joy at the end, both he and the viewer are appreciating his true  riches in an entirely new light. Again, credit is especially due to James  Stewart for portraying this so convincingly.<br />Capra once said that he made  this film not for critics, but for those he most admired. So, one might  claim that IAWL is, like Benigni's Life is Beautiful, &quot;not a film for  the jaded,&quot; and yet its great strength is that it can, in fact, also  speak so well to some of us who might otherwise be potentially skeptical  about its message and make us think a little differently about things. (For  me, as far as this aspect of the film is concerned, it wins over Benigni's  film hands down.) As for the film's little unspoken messages (&quot;you can  only take with you what you've given away&quot; and Clarence's final  message to George that &quot;you're never a failure if you have  friends&quot;): they speak for themselves.<br />Incidentally, to a reader from  Wakefield, MA, December 25, 1999: don't get the wrong idea about critic  Leonard Maltin's comment about the film seeming to improve with age, he  wasn't &quot;incredulous&quot; about that all. In fact, IAWL gets his  maximum rating of four stars in his Movie and Video Guide (I wish Amazon  would include his ratings in their listings), and of the 1970s TV remake,  It Happened One Christmas, he says &quot;[it] only shows how wonderful the  Frank Capra original was - and is.&quot;
B000002C4J|4.0|After listening to this CD, I concluded Mrs. Dion is the best female vocalist of our time. Her voice is beautiful and powerful, and she doesn't squeal like Mariah Carey. How I wish I could sing like Celine! But anyway,  the album itself. Every song is good, some are just better or more  schmaltzy than others. Some excellent tracks are &quot;The Reason&quot;,  &quot;Immortality&quot;, &quot;Tell Him&quot;, &quot;When I Need You&quot;,  and &quot;Miles to go Before I Sleep&quot;. The absolute best ones are  &quot;My Heart Will go On&quot;(of course) and &quot;To Love You  More&quot;. Talk about power ballads! Who couldn't identify with them?  They're almost too gorgeous for words! The former has that whispery quality  and the whistle music. The latter bleeds longing. I highly reccomend this  CD. I'll definitely her new one ASAP!
0783226063|4.0|While this version of Dune was good overall, it was lacking the true sense of the story compared to the longer version. I would not recomend it to someone who has read Dune, as anything less than the Director's cut is  really wanting in the story line. Still it is a classic SF movie.
0684872153|5.0|Frank McCourt is an amazing story teller.  From the moment I opened this book, I didn't want to stop reading.  I think that all young adults should read Angela's Ashes to help them understand the hard times people endured  years ago.  In addition to the great historic value of this book, there is  such humor in the telling of this story - at times I laughed out loud,  especially when McCourt discusses his strict Catholic upbringing, which I  completely related to.      McCourt's parents and all their problems are  discussed with such love that instead of being  angry with them, you have  to love them.  You can feel the closeness in the McCourt family.    The  only way to improve this book would be to hear Frank mcCourt tell it  himself.
B00002E233|4.0|Okay.  The acting from Saffron Burrows in the opening scenes with Samuel.L.Jackson is shaky and that in itself can damage the movie.  Get past the wobbly first five minutes however and you've got to grit your  teeth and hold on for the ride of your life!  Cos baby, this ride is one  fast, intense helter skelter that you're gonna want to watch again, and  again, and again.  Believe it!  Do you remember the days of brainless  action movies that just didn't let up?  Hell, you should do.  They made Big  Arnie and Sly famous.  Anyway, this is what this movies like.  Don't need  to think.  All you gotta do is prise your hands from off the cushions after  the rides over.<br />The movie itself stays true to the action movies of old  with some cheeseball lines, none better than the whole of Samuel L  jackson's hero speech halfway through the movie.<br />Unusual for a movie of  this type is that you see a lot of the sharks.  This doesn't take away from  the movie but instead, makes it better.  It's the flipside to the coin of  the shark genre.  Take 'Jaws' as an example.  Don't see the shark until the  end and then, it looks like a bus!<br />If you like action movies.  Get this!   If you don't like action movies.  Get it anyway.  Just as a little test to  show you the wide range of people who will enjoy this movie, I forced my  mum to watch it.  The experiment work, she loved it.  Is that proof enough  of how good this movie is?  I think so!
0684872153|5.0|Frank McCourt is an amazing story teller.  From the moment I opened this book, I didn't want to stop reading.  I think that all young adults should read Angela's Ashes to help them understand the hard times people endured  years ago.  In addition to the great historic value of this book, there is  such humor in the telling of this story - at times I laughed out loud,  especially when McCourt discusses his strict Catholic upbringing, which I  completely related to.      McCourt's parents and all their problems are  discussed with such love that instead of being  angry with them, you have  to love them.  You can feel the closeness in the McCourt family.    The  only way to improve this book would be to hear Frank mcCourt tell it  himself.
B000023VR6|5.0|This cd is the tightest cd.  If you haven't picked this cd up yet, you better yo a$$ up and go get it.  I don't care how much it cost, go get it.  This cd is that good.  Out of 22 songs, like 17 of them are tight.  Trust  me, this cd is worth buying.
0767811038|5.0|A Great film without special effects. Not brilliant acting but good story and some excellant gore too which you dont see that often in a movie like this. As inspiring as when I first was Aliens. A must for Sci Fi fans.
B000021Y77|5.0|good movie with good music. innovative
B000035Z2L|5.0|This movie was probably the funniest movie I have ever seen besides MallRats. This movie is for teenagers who love to talk about sex and like to have a good laugh. I loved this movie because im a teen and I understood  it alot. Well if you are looking for a good laugh and your not one of those  feminists or are against masturbation then rent this hilarious movie!
B00003CWPR|5.0|1999 was one of the greatest years in recent memory for film.  Yet Eyes Wide Shut is all but absent from the end-of-the-year awards ceremonies and most critics lists. <br /> The first thing to bear in mind are that this film  was hyped way beyond necessity.  As if the general public had any interest  in the &quot;Kubrick&quot; listed below &quot;Cruise&quot; and  &quot;Kidman&quot;.  To them this was just another Big Actor's next Big  Movie.  Passing it off like a &quot;real Hollywood couple gets busy on the  big screen&quot; heightened expectations for something Kubrick wasn't  trying to achieve.  It suffered the same audience reaction as The Phantom  Menace, and made only a fraction of the money.  <br />Critics seemed to be  lining up to take potshots at this film.  Why?  Recent history shows us  that all of Kubrick's films from 2001 onward have been attacked critically,  and subsequently hailed as classic years later.  The same is true of most  of Orson Welles' work. Few critics took the time to see this movie more  than once before spewing their venom.  A filmmaker like Kubrick is not  going for direct emotional contact with the audience.  He is aiming far  deeper, asking the viewer to reflect on not only the images, but the  themes, and the emotional investments of the characters.  The subtlety is  not something common in today's films, and something critics apparently  can't process quick enough to meet a press deadline.  <br />For all those  complain that the film isn't sexy or erotic enough are missing the point  completely.  It's not about sex.  It's about many other things, some of  which linger in the background, some that aren't noticeable on the initial  viewing.  Kubrick raises questions about our institution of marriage, the  nature of faith, commitment, temptation.  That most in the audience weren't  willing to meet Kubrick, Cruise, and Kidman halfway in this meditation  isn't a comment on the quality on the filmmaking, it's a shortcoming of the  sensory-deadened society.  If Kubrick had been more in touch with today's  film culture, would he have bothered to give us this complex of an  experience?  Let's thank him for his seclusion.  <br />A NOTE on the DVD not  being letterboxed:  Kubrick (again, like Welles) preferred the aspect ratio  of television, and left extra space in his frame for their widescreen  theatrical showings (some are letterboxed on Home Video as well). The  Shining, Full Metal Jacket, and Eyes Wide Shut are meant to be seen in the  full-screen standard format, and therefore aren't available in letterbox,  so don't feel you're being cheated out of any compositional content.   Unfortunately you are being cheated by Warner Bros' refusal to remove the  digital figures blocking the orgy scenes, inserted for theatrical release  to secure the &quot;R&quot; rating.  Only in America...
0887307280|5.0|Excellent information on how to stay focused on what's important in order to take your business to the next level.
B000002G6J|5.0|I have been collectiong Brazilian music for quite a while and even though im still a fan of LP records, The CD pressings are still reasonable when they finally are released.  I have decided to share my ideas about this  music by helping the reader hunt down other recordings that would be a  supplement to this great Jobim recording;  &quot;Stone Flower&quot; and  &quot;Tide&quot;, also by Jobim,  &quot;Rejuvenation&quot; by Lonnie  Smith,// &quot;A  Day In The Life&quot; and  &quot;Down Here on The  Ground&quot; by Wes  Montgomery,// &quot;Tamba  Trio&quot;,//  Tamba  4  &quot;We And The Sea&quot;// Eumir  Deodato  &quot;Prelude&quot;, and his  release &quot;os Catedraticos 73&quot;.  While some of these other releases  may still not measure up to &quot;wave&quot; or be available on CD format,  They are similar to style and feeling, for me anyway, to jot their names  down here. I  Hope someday they start releasing  more of these very rare  CTI recordings on CD and especially the &quot;Tide&quot; and &quot;Stone  Flower&quot;, both arranged and conducted by Eumir Deodato &lt;of 2001 or  Prelude fame&gt;.  Antonio Carlos Jobim  and Eumir Deodato worked well  together on both of those recordings. Claus Ogerman arranged  &quot;Wave&quot; and  did a wonderful job and made this release comparable  to these others and one of my all time favorite Jobim sessions.
0425170349|4.0|If you have never read a Tom Clancy novel before this is probably not the one you should start with. In my opinion, Clancy is the master at character  development, which both good and bad.  I love the way he develops his  characters, but I hate that it takes so long to do it, but by the end of  each book you will be glad that he took the time. &quot;Rainbow Six&quot;  is yet another great story in the life of the infamous Mr. Clark. John  Clark first rose to fame in the series of Clancy novel featuring Jack Ryan,  and from the time he made his first appearance in \\"The Cardinal of the  Kremlin\\" he has fascinated readers with his adventures. &quot;Rainbow  Six&quot; finds Mr. Clark as the head of a top secret, elite, multinational  anti-terrorist group. I must admit that I was riveted to the pages as the  many characters began to come together in the fast paced climax of the  book. If you have read all of the Clancy novels featuring Mr. Clark, then  this is one you must read. If you haven't read a Clancy novel yet, I would  start with my all time favorite \\"Without Remorse\\" and then move on to  \\"Clear and Present Danger\\". But if you read this book, just remember it  starts off slow, but  then you better hold on.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Each new Enigma effort is like seeing an old friend in a new place.  On the surface, it sounds very different from it's predecessors, but as you listen more closely, that thread which seems to run through all of Enigma's  work is there.  As with MCMXC a.D, Cross of Changes and Le Roi et Mort,  Vive Le Roi, I never get tired of listening to this one.  Buy this CD.  You  won't be sorry!
B000003N89|5.0|I have been  Nat King Cole fan for a long time, so when I saw this CD I thought I would give it a try. Boy am I glad that I did! The range of tunes  that Diana covers is fantastic, and the way they are arranged is  unforgettable. (no pun intended) I love the upbeat tunes like &quot;Frim  Fram Sauce&quot; and &quot;I'm an errand girl for rythm&quot; as well as  the soft soulful &quot;A blossom fell&quot;. I can't beleive that there was  a time when all she did was play the piano. Please find the person that  conviced her to start singing and shake their hand for me. If you find a  track on this CD you don't like, let me know, because I sure didn't. I  would recommend this CD to anyone from 19 to 90.
044022165X|3.0|Had this been my first Griisham i would probably have enjoyed it more..When you know what you're missing you miss it!  this book although it was a good depiction of law and the practice thereof..it was not as  gripping as we are used to from Grisham!  i would only recommend this to  true Grisham fans who would only read it to complete their collection!
B000031XCR|5.0|I have been a fan of Celine's for a long time, so when her newest CD, &quot;All The Way&quot; came out, I had to buy it. It is truly a treasure, as it contains all of her finest songs and then some. The new songs,  especially &quot;That's The Way It Is,&quot; &quot;All The Way,&quot;  &quot;Then You Look At Me,&quot; and &quot;Live&quot; are songs which  showcase Celine's artistry and superb vocal qualities. In addition, Celine  sings a hauntingly beautiful version of a Roberta Flack favorite, &quot;The  First Time Ever I Saw Your Face.&quot; Also, inside the CD cover, Celine  writes a special message, that none of her fans should miss. I am  optimistic that I won't be &quot;missing&quot; one of the greatest female  vocalists of all time for long. Vive Celine!
B000002H33|5.0|Without question, Master of Puppets is Metallica's finest album to date.  The first half of the record is simply flawless.  Hetfield's soul-crushing vocals and crunching rythym guitar, Ulrich's relentless drum assault,  Hammet's unbelievable guitar solos, and Burton's final bass contribution  make this a must-have album for any heavy metal fan.
B000009QPK|5.0|Slayer's second live release is nothing short of amazing!  They are one of very few bands that sound better live than on their studio albums, and considering their studio albums (Reign In Blood, for example), that is no  east task!<br />Everything works on this one: Kerry's and Jeff's guitars  provide Slayer's signature chainsaw sound, Tom's vocals and between-song  raps are  incredible, and what else can be said about Dave Lombardo's  drumming than UNBELIEVABLE (as usual)!<br />The only other live albums that  can come close to this one are, naturally, KISS 'Alive!', and Thin Lizzy  'Live And Dangerous'.<br />Don't believe me?  Check out the opening track!   Come on...don't be afraid...after all, 'HELL AWAITS'!
6303942830|5.0|I'm not sure which version of what we're all seeing but it seems like the VHS version I have seen is different to every other VHS review I've read. Yes - in my VHS version I got to see the extra guy fall out of the boat; I  got to see Chingachkook's (sp?) speech and pretty much everything else  everyone says the VHS version lacks. And yes, there was also Clanad's vocal  version of the main theme although - and this has always confused me - the  main lyric says &quot;No matter where you go my heart is with you&quot;  rather than Clanad's &quot;No matter where you go I will find you.&quot;  Can anyone clear any of this up? Or is my late night tiredness forcing me  to misconstrue others' reviews? Regardless, people, see this movie - it WAS  brilliant - though very different from the book.
B000001EL7|4.0|Kiss' 1977 effort is well worth a first listen, and a second, and a third...actually, I have long since worn out my copies on cassette and vinyl. The album is not quite up to the standard they set with 'Destroyer',  but then again, every band has one album that stands out as their best.   I'd have to say that this is Kiss' second best, with the standout cuts 'I  Stole Your Love', 'Love Gun', and 'Christine Sixteen', as well the song  that introduced the world to Ace Frehley's voice: 'Shock Me'.  If you are a  rock fan (not necessarily a KISS fan, then this is one you should add to  your collection as a reminder of the days when rock and roll was fun!
B000009QPG|5.0|im sorry but slayer is the stuff! they did an excellent job with this album!  i mean yeah its got some dull, rehashed sounds but it delivers power like reign but more focused. this was better than any thrash release  in 1990. so why not get it? &quot;war ensemble&quot; my favorite  &quot;spirit in black&quot; rock the walls! its now rematered fo rmore  bass,crunch,loudness whatever it is its still hot to here it. get this if  you like the old thrash movement- this will make you lose all control
B00000JGHM|4.0|HEAT!is amazing movie,good story to fallow terrific star cast like AL PACINO,ROBERT DE NIRO and many other.The bank robber scenes is so incradible,the cop and the robber gun fight at downtown LA,I turn the  volume up  very loud is like I'm in the movie!Micheal Mann did a wonderful  job.This is a definitly a good 3 hour movie.EXCELLENT!
0804106304|4.0|Amy Tan has a way of captivating her reader from the very start. A good insight into Chinese culture as well as the way of life for Chinese immigrant who wish to preserve their traditions yet fit in with our  society. &quot;Joy Luck Club&quot; also goes into the relationships of  mothers from the old world and daughters from the new. ~15yrs.
0060925000|2.0|On the cover of my copy of 'A Suitable Boy' there is a quote from 'Time' magazine (or 'The New York Times'..I.can't remember which one) which says: 'Make friends with  it, it'll  be with you for a lifetime&quot;. Thats  because it will take you a lifetime to read it!  With work and study  commitments (and general lack of interest in certain chapters) getting in  the way, it seemed like many lifetimes passed  before I could put it back  on the shelf ..... for good! All in all I was dissappointed with this book  - it was rather too long winded....... more to do with the  newly-independent-Indian political arena and less to do with the actual  quest for a 'suitable boy' With regard to Lata and her three suitors, and  her final choice, the story seemed to lack any emotion. It was more like a  potrayal of events (moving at a head-spinning pace)  in  a very objective  manner, devoid of any  insight into their thoughts and emotions. At most  times, the characters seemed more robotic than human.. The potential was  there for quite a few good stories...but Seth failed to develop them. The  introduction to the Chatterji's and their rhyming couplets with their  refreshingly  'open minded' approach to life,  was defenitly one of the few  highlights in this novel, but my final conclusion is that  Vikram Seth  seems to have used this novel to do nothing more than boast about his  political knowledge and his over extensive verbosity (don't forget to keep  your Oxford dictionary on hand when reading this book!).
0800128052|5.0|My favorite film of 1999 was OCTOBER SKY (okay, I loved The Green Mile, but let me explain...) It therefore is no wonder that my favorite film of 1993 was RUDY.<br />Sure, there are few surprises. But that's the point: both films force the audience to focus on what truly matters in life--character forged by perseverence. Whenever films tell these types of real-life \\"underdog\\" stories with all of the expertise of the Hollywood-storytelling machine, the result is pure gold.<br />Absolutely an indespenable MUST-SEE for those who value truly great stories about subjects and themes that truly matter.
B00003XB8K|2.0|This CD lacks the warm, spiritual quality of the first 3 Enigma releases. Definitely not music to relax to. It's the same Enigma style, but without the rich, creamy filling, so to speak. I didn't feel that any of the tracks  were anywhere near the quality of my favorites from previous Enigma albums:  &quot;Rivers of Belief&quot;, &quot;Return to Innocence&quot;, and  &quot;TNT for the Brain&quot;. I really don't see how anyone could consider  this to be their best CD ever.
6305013578|1.0|The DVD of Metropolis is truly bad.  How bad?  Well in the first 30 seconds the title is out of focus and is cut off at the &quot;L&quot; in Metropolis. Do not buy this DVD.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I know a lot of people didn't like this CD, but I LOVED it!  I got Jagged Little Pill right when it came out and I listened to it ALL the time. Now I listen to this one all the time. I can't say whether or not you'll like it,  because the responses to it are so varied, but I can tell you that I really  enjoy it and I hope that if you get it, you will, too.
B000031WD9|3.0|While I found this movie hilarious when I saw it, first in theaters, and then on this &quot;unrated special edition&quot;, I thought that the release was lacking.  The producers try to push this unrated version on the  consumer by advertising a plethora of bonus materials.  Scenes originally  deleted from the theatrical release, and a Widescreen presentation among  other things.  As far as I could tell however, the only thing changed from  the original release is one scene, and that being a fairly minor change.   The rest of the movie was exactly how I remembered it.  For this, I find it  rather audacious of Universal to release two different versions of the DVD,  one theatrical and one unrated one, when they could have just as easily  included that single cut out scene as a bonus feature in one dvd.   Furthermore, the box says that the movie is presented in a widescreen  1.85:1 ratio.  Not true.  The movie is in a fullscreen format, which is  incredibly annoying to most true movie fans.  Despite these misinformities,  American Pie is still a great movie and deserves to be seen.  And for any  die hard fan that is considering buying both the rated and unrated  versions, don't.  One is good, but anything else would be a waste of your  time and money.
1573226521|3.0|The Beach was a phenomenal first novel, with a great beginning and middle. The end just left you thirsting for more when you hit the back cover. Surely a better story with Leonardo Di Caprio in it and modifications to  the screenplay...
B000005B0U|5.0|This is basically my favorite CD, I would have bought it just for the Blues Traveler song &quot;Maybe I'm Wrong&quot; Which is a lot longer and 10 times better then it was on the movie.  But I really am happy with all  the other songs on it, like Respect, John the Revaltor, Harmonica musings,  Let There Be Drums, Funky Nassau, How Blue Can You Get?, Turn On Your Love  Light, and New Orleans.  I would recommend this CD to anyone.
B000003NA4|5.0|This is a great CD.  Liked it so much I ordered all of hers.  Krall is one of the best singers I've heard in a long time.  Every song is a good one!
0767835255|4.0|I found this film to be highly entertaining, although somewhat unrealistic.  I can accept this because, as a work of fiction, it is precisely that--unrealistic.  It had its moments of implausibility, but  overall these were forgiveable since we get to see a President who is  honorable, decent, and faithful to his beliefs and family--another huge  point of fiction considering the current administration.  The plane is a  bit different from the real thing (so I have been told), but that's ok.   Nothing presented in the plane is &quot;beyond belief.&quot;  Even the  &quot;bullet resistant&quot; cabin is possible.  The movie is about  &quot;What if...&quot;  Enjoy it for what it is.
0767802659|4.0|This movie was supposedly based on the book Starship Troopers, but it wasn't. The book was incredibly different and the only thing that remained the same were a few of the characters. The book was one of the best books  I've ever read, it had an awesome message, and the movie was really cool,  but I recommend the book, not the movie.
B000009PNY|5.0|This CD is great!  We have some great bands like `The Smashing Pumpkins and `The Cure. But in my opinion the best tracks comes from `Gus Gus and `Rabbit In The Moon. All bands made personal versions to DM songs, so many  fans will not like. Just for people with open minds.
1565113306|3.0|I love the movie, i love the book, i love fight club. And yes, women can like this stuff too. Because i am a woman and i love this movie, book, and then came the audio book, i though hey- i neeeeed to get this too. It is  still a fabulos book, but j. Tod Adems can not read! He is a horrible  actor, he lacks emotion, it's like listening to a boring, blah blah  blah! <br />I think it wouldhave been sweet if they had chuck palahniuk  reaing, or edward norton. <br />Todd Adams took a masterpeice and turned it  into blah!
B00003BDXG|5.0|the movie is well known and great, but this DVD's quality sucks big time. Don't let them get away with it - wait for a re-release with good (as well as anamorphic) video
0790729350|4.0|The Directors cut is a great video. The added Janis Joplin performance was wonderful and the other extras were welcome. The DVD transfer is just O.K.  The &quot;intermission&quot; is ten minutes into the second side of the  disc instead of at the end of the first side of the disc. I thought this  may be due to disc space until I watched a three hour single sided Doors  DVD.  The closed captioning only gives partial song lyrics and can be more  distracting (especially during Sly and the Family Stone) than helpful.  The  price is right though, and it is a GREAT movie both musically and  sociologically I just wish the producers would have taken more time and  maybe added some (any) bonus features.
6305750750|4.0|My, and I believe nearly everyone's favourite &quot;Star Wars&quot;-movie is Episode V-&quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot;. Not only because it was visually the most dazzling, it also had far more sense of wonder and magic  than the other Episodes. Never had a &quot;Star Wars&quot;-film a greater  emotional impact.<br />&quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; is definetly not on par  with that film, nor has it the originality of &quot;A New Hope&quot;, but  still I liked this film a lot. I actually found it better than &quot;Return  Of The Jedi&quot;. Even those who dispised the movie must acknowledge that  it has its merits. The special effects are fantastic, and in contrast to  other films with superior FX, they are also highly imaginative because they  create entire worlds of their own. Individual action-setpieces are among  the most exhilarating of the decade (the pod-race or the final  lightsaber-duel among others) and John William's score is one of the major  assets again.<br />Many complained that Jar Jar Binks is too silly and  childish. This criticism is understandable though I think many people  overreacted with their hatred towards this character. He actually has some  funny moments. That the film doesn't have a villain that is as effective as  Darth Vader is true and false. The villain does not YET appear as the  villain which will (hopefully) make him even more evil in the next  pictures. The decision to conceal the true menace (careful viewers still  found it of course) is already implied in the Episode's title, so it was  obviously deliberate. This must be the reason why Darth Maul is used so  rarely. The character has just no significance for the whole saga. One must  not forget that TMP is not a film, but the first two hours of a  13-hour-saga. It was therefore inevitable that it would be less dramatic as  &quot;Empire&quot;. <br />The bottom line is that despite some shortcomings,  Episode I effectively sets up the future Episodes. I agree with those who  say that George Lucas should have underlined some of the darker aspects of  the story more than he did. Let's hope he will do so in the next two  chapters which have the potential to become even stronger movies. If the  new trilogy finally sucks, it won't be because of &quot;The Phantom  Menace&quot;.
B00000JPHD|2.0|I collect vampire movies and books, which is why I bought this movie. I found it flat. It is not well enough done to be horror nor slappy enough to be good slapstick. The only engaging characters are the Carpathians and  Reinfield, the rest are flat and boring.
B00000G3Q4|4.0|The Evil Dead has become something of a classic horror film over the years. Though low on budget, the excellent makeup effects and fantasic mood created more than compensate for big-money special effects. The Special  Edition DVD's extras are great as well, featuring 2 audio commentaries (the  commentary by star Bruce Campbell alone is worth the price of the disc,)  several minutes of raw footage, a still photo gallery (fans of the film  will have seen many of these photos before,) and of course the original  trailer. Horror film fans who haven't seen this: See it! For those who are  already fans, the SE DVD is well worth the price.
6305627347|5.0|this is one of the greatest movies ever made
B000000OF6|5.0|This box set is an excellent collection of Queen.  It has a little of everything in it, and it is perfect for the person who is just starting to get into the band and wants to hear some fabulous music.  Definitly a must  buy.
B00000J7JO|4.0|With all the reviews already written, I can't add too much more except to say that this is probably the Pepper's most consistent CD.  Slowing down the tempo and cleaning up some of the language didn't hurt either.  My  favorites are 'All Around the World', the title track and the trippy 'Road  Trippin'.  A great CD for old and new fans.
B000002AH9|5.0|Whether or not you're a fan, you just gotta hear this! It's not WHAT she sings, its HOW she sings it.  Although Lady is traditionally back by a standard Jazz ensemble, not this time.  She's all dressed up, with the  heavenly Ray Ellis orchestra behind her. Now you will feel it.  If you've  ever love someone and lost, you will understand it. Noone has ever  delivered these songs like this before. Don't let this one get away. Add it  to your collection now!
B00003E47Z|5.0|A Warning to all customers in USA and Canada as well as South America: This Release(14 Dec 1999) is definetely in PAL (the European TV Standard) and most of you won't have the right TV/DVD-Player combination to play it  back. It can be watched on a computer though. The NTSC-Version will be  released soon. This information is guaranteed - I happen to be the person  who created both PAL and NTSC discs.  For that reason I'd prefer not to  rate the discs, but it looks like I have to in order to get this review  posted.
1558908382|5.0|Grosse point Blank is one of the best comedy movies I have ever seen.  The humor is very dark and semi intellectual.  Cusack is a master of sarcasm.  The fight seens are well done, and the story line is completely original.   For any true movie lover, this is a must see!
B00003BDXG|1.0|SIMPLISTIC VIEW OF THE MEDIA'S RELATIONSHIP WITH ITS CONSUMERS. TYPICAL LEFT-WING SELF GRATIFYING VIEW OF VIOLENCE IN OUR SOCIETY.  THIS MOVIE COMPLAINS ABOUT THE EXCESSIVE VIOLENCE IN OUR SOCIETY, THEN SERVES UP SOME  OF THE MOST VIOLENT SCEENS IN RECENT MOVIE HISTORY.  STONE NEEDS TO LOOK AT  HIMSELF BEFORE JUDGING THE REST OF SOCIETY.
6304907648|4.0|After watching this film the first thing I said to Yoko(my wife) was, &quot;That was great, even better than SE7EN&quot;.  Well.....after watching it again I realized that it probably wasn't, but the fact that it  is a relatively unknown title made me make the statement.<br />The story flows  along in a similar vein to that of SE7EN, with the killer manipulating the  the parties connected to the murder investigations in order to meet his  goal of fame(as a serial killer).  My only reservation is the fact that  Harry Connick Jr. has a relatively minor part in the movie.  The opening  scene featuring Harry and Sigourney is fantastic, leaving you one the edge  of your seat for the rest of the film.<br />With regards to the DVD, the  quality is good, but definitely not as good as the Amazon report leads you  to beleive.  I found that the encoding of the DVD seemed to be constantly  trying to 'settle down', even in still scenes, almost giving the effect of  very faint interference.  This seems to be something to do with the nature  of encoding found on region 1 Warner titles, which is not apparent on  region 2 releases (this is a note for those of you with multi-region  players, i.e many European users).  The effect is good on some disks (such  as Matrix) as it removes the distinct contours between colors that is  sometimes apparent due to MPEG2 encoding, but in this case I found it too  obvious, and distracting.  It produced a more 'digitized' feel in fact.        Overall though, a damn good movie, but to multi-region owners, it may be  worth checking out other releases.
B000002IQ9|4.0|This live collection from one of the best adult contemporary Rock-Pop singers of all time is excellent! The audience is very receptive to this concert's sounds, which is a plus on any live album. My favorites are  &quot;Something Happened On The Way To Heaven&quot;, &quot;Who Said I  Would&quot;, &quot;Don't Lose My Number&quot;, &quot;Do You Remember?&quot;  (not included on the regular &quot;...Hits&quot; for some reason),   &quot;Another Day In Paridise&quot;, Phil's cool remake of  &quot;You Can't  Hurry Love&quot;, &quot;Sussudio&quot;, and &quot;Easy Lover&quot;  (however, I still can't figure out who the other singer is during this one,  for some reason). The only two I can't stand are the too-slow  &quot;Separate Lives&quot; and &quot;A Groovy Kind Of Love&quot;. All in  all, this CD rules, buy it for your collection today, it's a definite  keeper!
B000002AH9|5.0|Whether or not you're a fan, you just gotta hear this! It's not WHAT she sings, its HOW she sings it.  Although Lady is traditionally backed by a standard Jazz ensemble, not this time.  She's all dressed up, with the  heavenly Ray Ellis orchestra behind her. Now you will feel it.  If you've  ever love someone and lost, you will understand it. Noone has ever  delivered these songs like this before. Don't let this one get away. Add it  to your collection now!
0385334206|4.0|Hilarious little book, and a quick read too.  If you like Vonnegut's other books and haven't read this one, you will want to read it.  The illustrations are great!
B000002OZY|5.0|This album, while not quite as great as Who's Next or as funny as Who Sell Out or as energetic as Live at Leeds, is one of the greatest concept albums of all time! It is the best all-around disc and overall my favorite. This  is the first Who LP I got and I've always been glad I started with this  one. If you are planning on getting into the Who, this is the cd to buy! If  you dont like this, you are brain-dead!
B00000IQBN|5.0|I had always heard that this movie was great but never got around to watching.  Well, I rented it and watched it probably 10 times.  This movie has such a great story and it captures your mind.  I think this movie shows  how human nature is.  I love this movie and recommend it to people of any  age.
B000000OSW|4.0|I absolutely love the sound of both the rock-ballad &quot;Steam&quot; and the excellent &quot;Digging In The Dirt&quot;, which I'm listening to right now, actually. This album adds to and compliments my music collection  including Peter Gabriel's previous material from &quot;So&quot; and  &quot;Shaking The Tree&quot; quite nicely. My other two favorites are the  lively pop-oriented &quot;Kiss That Frog&quot; and the great last track  &quot;Secret World&quot;. While maybe not as essential as &quot;So&quot;,  this CD is still worth a listen, so pick it up for yourself soon!
B000031WD9|4.0|I had heard this was a good movie, but untill I saw it at the theaters I had no idea just how funny it was.  The only thing holding this back from a 5 Star rating is the exclusion of a Full screen version.
B00003CWHS|5.0|\\"Army of Darkness\\" is filmed, acted, and written so tongue-in-cheek that I'm amazed they didn't wear holes through the sides of their faces. While the set pieces, battle sequences, and cinematography are as masterful as any Spielberg film, \\"Army of Darkness\\" was obviously made simply with the idea of making it an all-out entertaining picture and it succeeds in that way, on every level. The physical comedy element from \\"Evil Dead 2\\" returns with a vengeance; I've seen this movie more than fifty times and every gag still works. But instead of the cabin in the woods and sense of isolation that we felt in the preceeding two films, \\"AOD\\" has the scope of a grand-scale sword and sorcery epic, using its visual effects to turn backlots in Los Angeles into vast stretches of woodsy nothingness.<br />The movie's not much in the area of plot. It doesn't need to be. Movies like \\"Army of Darkness\\" are not about elaborate plot devices and subplots and dramatic pauses; they're about action, and giving us as the popcorn-stuffing audience members a good time for our money. A lot of the credit for all these successes goes to Bruce Campbell, as our main everyman character: The moron, the braggart, the blowhard, Ash. God love em. True, the idea of Ash being a cowardly character has completely left the story for the idea of him becoming this leader of men that we root for. True, the logistics of the film suffered in the editing process. And true, we never really see Ash reload his gun before he fires again. But does it matter? Not at all. The film moves too fast for us to care. The action sequences are so well executed that we can forgive the movie for just about anything, and the fact that it has an enormous sense of humor about itself doesn't hurt either. Classifying it as a horror film does it a discredit. It's not a horror film at all; it's not even one of those self-parodies that are so popular these days since Kevin Williamson had the cahones to write \\"Scream\\". It's an action-comedy that sky rockets into a stratosphere all its own in both categories. Both coexist in perfect balance most of the time, once in a while tipping in one direction or the other. The result is a masterpiece.<br />Sam Raimi learned a lot from the days of \\"Evil Dead\\" developing an involving visual style and a sense for drama which he used on \\"A Simple Plan\\" and \\"The Gift\\". This is all well and good, and those films gave him the critical merit to direct \\"Spider-man\\", but I think his job on \\"Army of Darkness\\" gave him the real tools needed. And even if \\"Spider-man\\" becomes the enormous success that's expected, he'll always be remembered for his cult favorite series that began with a group of college kids in a cabin being killed off by an invisible force, one by one, leaving only Ash, who lived and carries \\"Army of Darkness\\" on his shoulders - bouncing up and down with laughter all the way.y that sky rockets into a stratosphere all its own in both categories. Both coexist in perfect balance most of the time, once in a while tipping in one direction or the other. The result is a masterpiece.<br />Sam Raimi learned a lot from the days of \\"Evil Dead\\" developing an involving visual style and a sense for drama which he used on \\"A Simple Plan\\" and \\"The Gift\\". This is all well and good, and those films gave him the critical merit to direct \\"Spider-man\\", but I think his job on \\"Army of Darkness\\" gave him the real tools needed. And even if \\"Spider-man\\" becomes the enormous success that's expected, he'll always be remembered for his cult favorite series that began with a group of college kids in a cabin being killed off by an invisible force, one by one, leaving only Ash, who lived and carries \\"Army of Darkness\\" on his shoulders - bouncing up and down with laughter all the way.
6300216268|5.0|Wow!  What a up lifting moving, gives you a happy feeling about life
B000000WF0|5.0|A lot of people may think that the Verve are one it wonders because of Bitter Sweet Symphony but if you bought the album and actually listened to it you would realize how good it actually is. I like every song on the  album and even though many people here say that there other albums are  better and even though I really like there other albums I still think this  one is my favorite. So before you say that the verve are one it wonders  please give this album a try.
B000000OPU|4.0|&quot;So&quot; which I got for Christmas in 1990 because I liked the sound of &quot;Sledgehammer&quot; and &quot;In Your Eyes&quot; that I heard off the radio, is one of my treasured albums. The way it begins, the smooth and  soothing &quot;Red Rain&quot; is great enough, along with the equally  fine-tuned &quot;Don't Give Up&quot; (also on the out-of-print compilation  &quot;Earthrise-The Rainforest Album) and &quot;Mercy Street&quot;. There  are cool funky rock ballads as well, &quot;That Voice Again&quot; and  &quot;Big Time&quot;. The last two tracks are only fair and so-so however.  In Short, I really feel this is definetly a true essential album, Buy it  today, it's a classic hit-filled masterpiece!
6305627347|5.0|First of all HAHAHAHA this has to be the funniest movie I have seen in at least 10 years, this is done in the usual South Park animation, but basically not TV Mature guide can hold them back anymore. I've watched this  movie at least 7 times and it doesn't seem to get any less funny. Although  not a movie for young audiences, it is laugh out loud funny. Not to mention  the soundtrack is wonderful as well. It consists of the main tunes to the  movie, including &quot;Blame Canada&quot;;&quot;Uncle F**ka&quot;;and  &quot;Up There.&quot; Also an assortment of interpretations that can be  heard during the credits. Overall a great movie.
B000002HRE|4.0|Hey! So most of the people around there think than they are Metallica's real fans? HELL I DON'T THINK SO!  ALL! and I mean ALL true fans of ANY band will understand than they are not angry 23 year-old Thrash Metal  players, they have matured, slow-down.<br />Althougth I still think that the  early Metallica is hell a lot better, I still think that this style is  fine. Just take a little of your ears in order to listen &quot;Low Man's  Lyric&quot; the slowest, most &quot;balladical&quot; song they have made  ever, but still is a great song, or &quot;Fixxxer&quot;, the heaviest song  of this album, HELL STICKY! <br />Alrigth, I hope y'all understood this  review.<br />att. Chibchombian Lurker
B00000DF6O|5.0|B.B. King is a man who confessed that loved all of the women that he could!  And this album seems like a gift to all that women!Really B.B. puts all the sentimental feelings in all the tracks,and it resulted in the best  work of his richfull career!  The blues is rich of great musics,great  albums,and this one is no exception!  Good job B.B.,You've done the  best! Thank You Man!  This is one of that kind of works that needed so  much stars.Five stars don't represent nothing,here! <br />And......what a  band!
B00000JCB2|1.0|I used to be a Limp Bizkit fan! I regret every day of it! Rap Rock is an annoying stupid fad, and these guys are the leaders of the pack! The only good music that came out of rap rock is SlipKnot and RATM. Limp Bizkits  album, (IN)Significant other, is the WORST album of 1999, and maybe even  ever! The guitar work is weak, and the dj is more important in this band  then anyone else! Calling this band metal is an insult to good bands like  Slayer, Black Sabbath, Metallica, Deicide, and Meshuggah. Calling this band  Music, is insulting people such as BB King, John Lennon, Roger Watters,  Jimmy Page, Jimmy Hendrix, Kurt Cobain, Trent Reznor, and all of TOOL. And  Calling Fred Durst's &quot;Lyrics&quot; anything but APE LIKE is an over  statement! Fred Is the worst singer ever, and this band is as annoying as  N'sync! I would give them one more album before people realize that this  band has no talent! They got one star from me because there was no Negitive  100 or zero button
B00000D9TQ|4.0|I really like this CD, the new hit &quot;True Colors&quot; with Babyface is smoothly soothing, for one thing. My favorites on this compilation would have to be &quot;Another Day In Paradise&quot;, &quot;Easy Lover&quot;,  &quot;You Can't Hurry Love&quot;, &quot;I Wish It Would Rain Down&quot;,  &quot;Against All Odds (Take A Look At Me Now)&quot;, &quot;Something  Happened On The Way To Heaven&quot;, &quot;Both Sides Of The Story&quot;,  &quot;Sussudio&quot;, the very upbeat &quot;Dance Into The Light&quot;,  Phil's first solo hit &quot;In The Air Tonight&quot;, and the perfect  ending tune &quot;Take Me Home&quot;. The songs left off this CD for some  odd reason which definetly would have given it a 5-star rating from me are  &quot;I Don't Care Anymore&quot;, &quot;Who Said I Would&quot;, &quot;Don't  Lose My Number&quot;, &quot;Do You Remeber?&quot; and &quot;Everyday&quot;.  Oh well, one can't possible expect everything in one place all the time, I  suppose. Anyway, this collection is very quality-material filled, get it  for yourself soon!
6305358613|5.0|Personally, I believe that movies CANNOT be the exact same as the story it is based on, nor the book it is based on, etc.  The fact that &quot;Elizabeth&quot; isn't much of a history lesson, but that's not the  point; the point is for us to understand the woman behind that shell of  white makeup, the person and soul that existed before she had cut out her  heart for England in order to ignore her own desires and reign supreme.   She is, indeed, just a shell, and Cate Blanchett brings the Queen to life;  she takes us from the early days of the vibrant and delicate velvet glove  to the often ruthless ironfist, delivering what I feel as the best  performance for an actress in a leading role for 1998.  There is  outstanding support from Rush, Attenborough, Eccleston, and Fiennes.   Filled with lavish costumes, an exhilarating soundtrack and exceptional  cinematography (near the beginning, the camera revolves around Elizabeth  intimidatingly as she is questioned, as if we are also in the conspiracy to  get rid of her), &quot;Elizabeth&quot; is a sensational, epic masterpiece.
B000001FY9|5.0|I always thought what a thrill it would be to have been a back-up singer for Bob Marley and The Whailers. To sway and dip to the infectious reggae beat and SING every song as it flows like Nag Champa from the stick. Being  a truly uplifting and spiritual album makes this essential compilation a  staple for any lover of the reggae. Songs like Three Little Birds and  Jammin' are food for the soul...very satisfyin'. In the vein of a true soul  rebel lies Get Up, Stand Up! The anthem I think of every time I find  authority pressuring me to conform. Bob's voice rings with wisdom and a  clear vison of people loving, growing, and mostly celebrating the day and  praising Jah and the world we have been presented with by the almighty.  Your karma will swell with every sweet song. So first buy the album, light  some insence and feel the loft of the infectous beats and take joy in being  in the company of one greatest artists of all time.
B000001F2H|5.0|This album represented the bridge to launch the blues to the rest of the world,really a great moment to the music,specially the blues,until that time only restricted to U.S.A.!  And the contribution of this kids was  fabulous to change the way,all that generation viewed the world! After  that,came the Beatles,Rolling Stones,Led Zeppelin.....the changes had been  done,the world never would be the same!
B00000DG1R|4.0|I bought this CD at a Dixon's in Heathrow Airport in London, mostly on an employee's recommendation. He even asked me while I was looking at it if I liked '80's music, and I had to answer &quot;Well, yes, I suppose I  do.&quot; Anyway, there sure is a lot of quality material on this  collection, which could have been made a little better if the very funky  &quot;Too Much Information&quot; from 1993 and the equally funky  &quot;White Lines&quot; remake from 1995 had also been included. However, I  still like the majority of the selected songs, including &quot;Is There  Something I Should Know?&quot;,  &quot;The Reflex&quot;, &quot;Save A  Prayer&quot;, &quot;Rio&quot;, &quot;Hungry Like The Wolf&quot;,  &quot;Girls On Film&quot;, &quot;Planet Earth&quot;,  &quot;New Moon On  Monday&quot;, &quot;Wild Boys&quot;, &quot;Notorious&quot;,  &quot;I Don't  Want Your Love&quot;, &quot;All She Wants Is&quot;, and especially the 1997  dance-pop tune &quot;Electric Barberella&quot;, done because that's where  this group got their name from, the 1968 Jane Fonda movie.  So, for the  ones out there who still appreciate the classic '80's sounds, pick this  cool compilation up soon. It'll be great, be sure of that!
079213690X|3.0|When I first saw the movie &quot;Braveheart&quot; I wasn't sure if I was impressed, or dissapointed. I am deeply interested in Scottish history, and I know the facts. Why I say its a Hollywood movie? Its because of simple  facts that should of been in the movie, such as the battle of Stirling  BRIDGE would of been nice, and perhaps the year(September 11th 1297) plus  that William Wallace wasn't always accepted by the Scottish high marks. He  was first known as a Guerrilla fighter until the the battle of Stirling  bridge happened. Then was considered a Commender, and the Gaurdian Of  Scotland, not only was he knighted he was also given lands, plus Andrew De  Moray never betrated William, nor did Robert the Bruce, like shown in in  the movie. Robert the Bruce is actully considered the most famous Scot, not  William Wallace. In the battle of Falkirk that happened in July 22nd, 1298,  which Wallace did lose. The Scots lost faith and willing to fight agasint  the &quot;stuggle&quot; and Wallace patriotism and political status fell,  and had no specific role agasint the war for independence. Plus the Battle  of Bannockburn happened on June 24th 1314, 9 years later after Wallace's  execution on Monday August 23rd 1305. I say if you want to know the facts,  read a book, and not take everything from a movie.
0553278223|5.0|Far too often writers are recognized long after a work has been written.  In the case of Ray Bradbury, his time came very quickly, and the world paused to see what came next.  The Martian Chronicles are a masterpiece of  Sci-Fi.  Ray has built a world in which you are just happy to spend time,  and every page draws you deeper into the rich story line.  The human  experience and the highly descriptive landscape of the fictional Mars  universe could not feel more natural.  This story has been, and will be, a  model for every Sci-Fi writer to come.  No one captured the essence of Mars  the way Ray has.  A bit violent in parts, it deals with many strong  conflicts.  One of the best that you can get in the genre.
B000002LN9|5.0|Undoubtedly,one of the best 'live'blues albums,ever released yet.Eric Clapton revisiting the roots,the early years,with phenomenal performance.A sensual,refined cd,for those that really love the best music!  The most  exciting in this work,is the silence of the audience at Albert Hall during  the tracks!  The sensation of peace,innebriates the air,and all we can do  is listen...listen...listen.........and love...love...love.....
0440234743|5.0|Amazed to find so much of the Christian gospel in a secular publication; either John Grisham has decided his writing is the best medium to transmit the gospel or he's searching big-time!  I loved Grisham novels anyway, but  this was the icing on the cake for me!
B000002NHN|5.0|Wow!<br />   I still remember the first time I listened to this album, I stuck it in my car player and just dissolved in bliss during the first chorus of The Mummer's Dance.  After listening to the whole album I  realized that this was her best work since The Visit with a number of  exceptional songs.  While everyone will have their own picks, my favoites  are Prologue, The Mummer's Dance (even two years later I still get chills  every time I hear it), her setting of The Highwayman, and Dante's Prayer.       A great CD, buy it!
0451191153|5.0|I could, if I so desired, refute every statement against Ms. Rand as a novelist, philosopher, or human being.  I could, if I thought it would profit anyone at all, rabidly defend the merits of her characters and their  morals.  Rather, I should simply like to point out that any novel capable  of creating so much controversy and debate, even in a limited forum such as  this, must be worth SOMETHING as a literary and philosophical work.  Rather  than foist my own high opinion of Rand's work on any prospective readers, I  urge anyone with even a vague interest in this book to purchase it, read  it, and then join the debate.
0767819594|2.0|I didn't think this movie was as good as it's predecessor Dangerous Liasons, the acting was much better in Dangerous too.  With the exception of Gellar.  She is really a good actress, but from what i have seen her in  for movies, she doesn't pick them very well.  unless they are picking her.   She is wasting her talents in this movie.  Reese witherspoon is the only  other actor in the entire film besides that i feel has any true acting  ability.  the rest of the cast is wooden, and ryan phillipe maybe cute but  he couldn't act his way out of a paperbag.  i gave this movie two  stars..one for sarah and one for reese.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This cd is by far Blink's best cd. I listen to it at least 5 times a day, no joke. I recommend this cd to anyone who likes punk rock (or blink-182)
B000001E3L|5.0|This is his greatest live album. If you like funk,jazz,blues,and rock then you will enjoy this album. I should warn you that he sings only a small part of &quot;Tupelo Honey&quot; and &quot;Have i told you lately that i  love you&quot;, Most of the song is sung by one of his singers. The album  has songs that are 10 minutes long and they jam on all of them. Watch your  guests dance to this one.
0767802659|2.0|I watched this movie hoping to see an at least semi accurate retelling of the book.  What i got however was speacil effect laden tripe, with an asinine soap opera subplot, thrown in for no conceivable reason.  The  acting is well, bad.  It reminds me of watching beveraly hills 90210 with  giant bugs in it.  I suppose that the pourpose that casting director had in  mind when choosing these &quot;actors&quot; was to provide a reasonable  exscuse to display the special effects. I think that maybe I could have  stomached the bad acting had it not been for the first degree homicide that  was inflicted upon the original story.  Trust me the co-ed shower scene,  and the main guy character's, and the main girl cahracter's tent scene,  were not in the original plot.  These were thrown in only to attract kids  to the movie.  Actually the only reason I gave two stars to this extended  made for tv movie was the fact that the sound and visual effects were  pretty to look at.  In short, only get this movie if you've never read the  book, or are easily entertained.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This album is amazing.  It is my favorite album ever released and I have been listening to it steady for a very long time.  Now if you are a new Radiohead fan, please, just listen to this album  MORE than once.  Don't  throw it away the next day, because, the more you listen to it, the more  beautiful it becomes.  Every song is amazing, but I would have to say the  best songs are &quot;Let Down&quot;, and &quot;No Surprises.&quot;  Please  listen, thank you.
0792842723|4.0|After the controversial Timothy Dalton, 007 finds a rebirth with Pierce Brosnan, who mixes perfectly the coolness and strength of Sean Connery and the humor which was brought to the character by Roger Moore. The movie  itself is entirely in the James Bond's tradition, except maybe for the  (non)use of the car. Introducing the new M wasn't an easy point to deal  with, but it has been well handled. Action sequences are very efficient,  some even astonishing. The Bond girls are sexy and perform their parts  well, with maybe a bit too much contrast between the two Xenia and  Nathalya. Overall, a very good James Bond, which includes all of the  traditional ingredients and a more modern realisation.
B000001FY9|5.0|About 7 years ago my Dad had the cassette of LEGEND.  It had a different version of &quot;Buffalo Soldier.&quot; Can somebody e-mail me with info on how I could obtain that version of LEGEND? I would really appreciate it.   ltrocka@aol.com Thanks.
B000002JR8|5.0|This album is by far a classic. Pantera has combined what worked on Cowboys and Vulgar and added a thicker sound to produce the album by which all other metal albums will be forever judged. <br />You can not go wrong with  this album if you are a Pantera fan. In fact, it should be in your  collection if you are a true fan. If you are not a die hard Pantera fan,  you probably will find this album a bit coarse to the ear, but if you see  past the surface you will find that the rythym and guitar work on this  album is brilliant.<br />I dont know if Pantera can possibly do better than  this perfection. This is a must have album. 6 out of 5 stars.
B00000IMCV|5.0|I HAVE ONLY SEEN ABOUT 4 OR 5 ZOMBIE FLICKS AND I THINK THAT DAWN OF THE DEAD IS THE BEST!  IT'S THE COOLEST,THE GREATEST,THE TITANIC OF ZOMBIE FILMS! THE GREATEST!
1859849296|4.0|THE MISSIONARY POSITION is the ideal book for our times.  Highly cynical and uncompromising, Christopher Hitchens has written the ultimate in hero-deflation, reminding us that nothing is ever as good as it  seems.<br />Hitchens does not set out to destroy Mother Teresa;  this is not  simply an unfocused rant.  Rather, by focusing on the words and actions of  Mother Teresa, instead of her reputation, Hitchens has written a highly  enlightening and engrossing treatise on the myths, the suspicions, the  problems, and the downright lies that have been perpetrated both by Mother  Teresa and those acting on her behalf.<br />The question must be asked,  however;  Is this simply propaganda?  Can it be lumped into the many books  Hitchens lists that are written in exalted praise of her devotion and  charity?  Well, of course it is.  All books are propaganda to some extent,  in that they espouse a particular point of view.  Should that be used to  dispose of Hitchens' research, as some other AMAZON critics have suggested?  Hardly.<br />Of the many anecdotes Hitchens relates (both his own personal  experiences and those of people who have worked alongside Mother Teresa),  possibly the most startling is Mother Teresa's intervention into the trial  of Charles Keating.  Keating, you may recall, is the Savings and Loans  magnate who personally bilked 17,000 people out of well over $250,000,000.  Mother Teresa wrote a letter to Judge Lance Ito pleading for clemency, as  Keating, through his $1,000,000 donation, had proved he was a friend to the  poor.  Hitchens then reprints the trial prosocutor's written reply to  Mother Teresa, in which he lists Keating's many atrocities, and suggests  that if she really wanted to help the poor, she would return the money.  Unsurprisingly, she did not.<br />Something is rotten in the city of Calcutta.  Under the guise of charity and Christianity, Mother Teresa has overseen  one of the largest charities in the world.  Where does the money go?  Why  does she receive millions of dollars, and yet doctors are disgusted with  the level of care her houses provide?  Why does she advocate the barest  minimum of medical care to the suffering, and yet she herself received the  finest medical care available?<br />Hitchens provides no clear answers.  Those  records are unavailable.  But something is wrong.  Something is very, very  wrong.Why  does she receive millions of dollars, and yet doctors are disgusted with  the level of care her houses provide?  Why does she advocate the barest  minimum of medical care to the suffering, and yet she herself received the  finest medical care available?<br />Hitchens provides no clear answers.  Those  records are unavailable.  But something is wrong.  Something is very, very  wrong.
B000000WI6|5.0|This collection of masterpieces covers the full range of blues styles and offers something special for every blues enthusiast. Some of the most gripping, heart wrenching blues wizzardry that you will hear anywhere is on  this album. Johnny proves again and again why he is the most accomplished  electric blues guitar player that has ever lived.
1551112450|4.0|The Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde maintained my interest throughout the whole book.  Dr. Jekyll is a respected man in the community.  Friends become concerned when Mr. Hyde begins to prowl around the  residence of Dr. Jekyll.  This is because Mr. Hyde has been seen and  suspected in many crimes around the city.  Theories develop concerning the  whereabouts of Dr.  Hekyll when he places himself into seclusion.  The  question arises if he must destroy himself before Mr. Hyde destroys him.   Could this monster, Mr. Hyde, be the creation of Dr. Jekyll or is he being  blackmailed.  For the answer read this interesting book.
0679746048|5.0|&quot;Girl,Interuppted&quot; was a beatifully written book.The emotions and thoughts Kaysen expressed thoughout the novel made me actually have the urge to question my sanity. To see the world through a &quot;crazy&quot;  point-of-view made me think about the reality that us &quot;sane&quot;  people think is hard to deal with- How would we feel if we were  &quot;interuppted&quot;?
0552131067|5.0|Mort is one of Pratchett's funniest books.  His character DEATH is one of his best creations, and Mort's ineptness as DEATH's assitant is rib-crackingly funny.  I knew I was going to like this book when I found  out that DEATH'S horse was called Binky...need I say more?  Read this book  and try not to DIE laughing...yeah I know, bad pun!
0899668445|5.0|I was required to read this book over a month for school, but I couldn't put it down and finished it in two days!  I think that the way he writes the characters binds you to them, so that you know them more closely as you  read about them, and it's hypnotizing.  I hope to read more about Hiroshima  and John Hersey in the future!
0446364495|4.0|Okay so this book is not all that and a bag of chips, but at least it is a light read which is all I ask of some books, especially if I am reading it on the train.  This is a romantic story about a lonely housewife and the  photographer she meets whilst her husband and family are at a fair.  It is  a gentle book that doesn't offend (unless adultery offends you, then you  will be offended!)and yes it is wordy and yes it can be a bit sugary, but  it doesn't have your archetypal happy ending either so this makes up for  that shortfall.  In its own quiet way it is quite a believable book, so  read it and enjoy.  I did.
6305622825|5.0|My wife &amp; I went to see this movie at the theatre.  Loved it!   The story was great and the interaction between Sean Connery, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Ving Rhames &amp; Will Patton was excellent!   I liked it way  better than The Thomas Crown Affair...my wife says it was more tastefully  done than Thomas Crown.
B0000296SI|5.0|i love this cd. it is funny fast and keeps me moving. when i have a really bad day like today(i am sick) i just put on blink and everything goes right. well now u know how i feel so i'm not going to write a 1,000 words  about the cd cause i can say it in two words  &quot;the bomb&quot;
B00000DG1R|5.0|I loved every song on this album, really catchy tunes and totally 80's which is good. Although I'm still 16, I like this kind of music a lot better than most music of today. This is a CD that was worth every penny.
B000000WA4|5.0|I love this CD Its the best CD i have at this point. I listen to it atleast once a day I recomend this CD for every one It has the best guitar solos and songs with the best lyrics.
B000002U82|5.0|The cover to the album say's a lot, it dosent need a title, you see the glass triangle in space with a rainbow coming out of it and you know it's Pink Floyd. I must confess that the only song I liked on this was ECLIPSE  because it stood out from the others and is a very popular and very unique  song.
0380973464|5.0|SNOW CRASH was hilarious; THE DIAMOND AGE was a beautiful job of the pure science-fictional art of world-building; but CRYPTONOMICON actually has an ending that doesn't fall apart!  Some reviewers have suggested that the  book &quot;needed editing&quot; and &quot;could have been  shorter&quot;--this is possibly true.  However, Dickens also probably could  have stood for some editing, and could &quot;have been shorter.&quot;  In  general, Stephenson's digressions are entertaining and relevant--it's these  digressions, in large part, that make the characters come alive.   CRYPTONOMICON is well worth 918 pages of your time.
1573225517|3.0|First, the praise -- there are many, many books out there that try to be funny, and very few that succeed. The sentence to sentence prose here is  consistently insightful and witty, and for that reason alone, I would  recommend this book to anyone who wants an amusing read. I concur with  other reviewers that this author is at the top of the heap of this  particular genre -- early Martin Amis post-adolescent male, or what you  because of a fling with someone with whom he had fantastic sex. Where is  this woman in the story? I think it's a flaw that we don't get a flashback  here. Even if it was supposed to be fairly meaningless sex, I think we have  the right to be there. Because we didn't get a clear picture of the affair  or the woman -- it seems like a cop out, or lazy writing, or un-thought out  characterization.<br />Second -- as one who has &quot;been there, done  that&quot; as a high powered woman paired with an underachieving male she  has in some ways outgrown, I can promise you that Laura, a successful  lawyer in private practice, would have inevitably been drawn to the more  dynamic men in her work environment. The last thing she would have been  inclined to do was repeat her mistake by having an affair with a man who  was an even bigger hippy loser than her original boyfriend. That was a male  ego assuaging device if I ever saw one. Get a massive grip!<br />And while it  is quite concievable to me that Laura would return to Rob, as she did, in a  vulnerable moment after her father died, and to baldly and rather  unflatteringly admit that it was because she couldn't face starting from  scratch with someone else, I didn't find the ending satisfying or  believable at all. I thought it was sad that the best that Rob's new  &quot;club&quot; could do was a Beatles cover band. Likewise, the best  Laura seems to settle for is a retread of her early days with Rob, when he  was a DJ. The plot ignores the fact that she's moved on in life. A woman  who's progressed cannot be happy for long with a man who stays in the same  place. Rob's flaw is less his tendency towards sexual infidelity -- after  all, we all grew up in a promiscuous age -- but his lack of initiative with  his own career. Laura did everything to set up the revival of the club,  which struck me as pathetic.<br />I gave this book to my husband to read,  thinking it was an acceptable &quot;guy&quot; book for a person who can't  stomach many novels, but being a music aficionado, he was appalled at some  of Rob's musical likes and dislikes, and at some point the whole main  relationship thing got so implausible that he was too nauseated and had to  put it down. I managed to finish it, but felt a fake happy ending was  tacked on -- I would have preferred more realistic complexity, and the book  would have had more staying power if, well, he'd had to see Laura walk off  with a senior partner at her firm. At least he would have been forced to  grow as a character. The way the book ends, everyone ends right where they  started.d cannot be happy for long with a man who stays in the same  place. Rob's flaw is less his tendency towards sexual infidelity -- after  all, we all grew up in a promiscuous age -- but his lack of initiative with  his own career. Laura did everything to set up the revival of the club,  which struck me as pathetic.<br />I gave this book to my husband to read,  thinking it was an acceptable &quot;guy&quot; book for a person who can't  stomach many novels, but being a music aficionado, he was appalled at some  of Rob's musical likes and dislikes, and at some point the whole main  relationship thing got so implausible that he was too nauseated and had to  put it down. I managed to finish it, but felt a fake happy ending was  tacked on -- I would have preferred more realistic complexity, and the book  would have had more staying power if, well, he'd had to see Laura walk off  with a senior partner at her firm. At least he would have been forced to  grow as a character. The way the book ends, everyone ends right where they  started.
6303593666|5.0|Any modern young person wondering how the German people became what they became, and where willing to be hypnotised to die and kill by the millions for National Socialism's dream machine, see this.   Its speakers, and art  directors simply need you to sit in a darkened theater,(or room)  uninerupted, and imagine yourself with hundred of others viewing this epic,  while you are deep into an econmic depression and none of you has any  money. Don't speak, only become changed.  No need to say more.
6305364613|5.0|for those romantics this is a perfect movie. you must like shakespeare though.  the romantic lines and the love it shows is absolutely amazing.  for those who didn't like it, if you read their reviews, almost half of  them say they don't really like shakespeare.  that is probably the reason  they didn't like this movie  how can you not like this movie with the  dazzling sets and the heartbreaking story. shakespeare would be proud that  young people are getting more involved.  Truly the greatest love story of  all time!
6300213005|5.0|Robocop is a great movie because it shows how a city can become corrupt when you think about money all the time.<br />OCP owns just about everything even the cops! I am telling you it's that bad. Then they decided to play  God by making Robocop who is part man and part machine. I mean I am not  saying what they made is stupid. It's certainly a great creation and,  Robocop takes put the bad guys and all. He tight, but not to have consent  from Officer Murphy family to do this isn't right. <br />Robocop is about  fighting the bad guys who did Murphy wrong and taking him away from his  family, and also is about what morality play into this.
B000002LOE|5.0|This album is by far the best of all of REM's efforts!  The first album after Green, which launched them into the big time, this is full of hits. Losing My Religion, Near Wild Heaven, Shiny Happy People, Belong, and Me In  Honey really shine!  If you liked Green, you'll love Out Of Time.
B00000K2SC|3.0|The special effects were better than Episode 1's effects.  THat's the only reason I gave it three stars.  The story itself isn't that good.  I would suggest seeing it know and then if you like seeing really cool stuff.  If  you just care about the story of a film then don't buy this.
B000002MG1|5.0|This is a wonderful album full of memorable tracks.  The kick-off song is &quot;Drive&quot; and it is pure gold.  Each song after gets better and better.  If you like REM and do not have this disc, buy it!
0684833395|5.0|This book is an excellent read.  Not only does it make perfect sense, but the reader winds up cheering for the nonhero.  The most interesting aspect of the novel is the striking resemblance to William Shakespeare's The  Merchant of Venice.
6301562178|4.0|Somehow this movie features both camp fun and a genuine story, thrills and chills.The opening sequence is incredible. And for the most part, the movie gets better as it goes along. Sure the story bogs down a little here and  there, but whats amazing is that a movie that is so FX heavy has a story at  all, let alone a fairly engaging one. The sub-plots are well done, effects  are fantastic, AND you get to see Newman and McQueen work together.Among  the best of the disaster films , Towering Inferno has something for  everyone.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Californication is an absolutely brilliant CD, deserving all the plaudits it receives.  What I can't understand is all the &quot;fans&quot; canning it because it isn't BloodSugarSexMagik (a CD I don't own and therefore  can't compare it to)  People, understand that groups develop and change  over time!   The soft-rock on Californication, including  &quot;Otherside&quot; and the title track, are surely equal to &quot;Under  the Bridge&quot;, and while the power-packed lyrics of &quot;Get on  Top&quot; and &quot;I Like Dirt&quot; are admittedly not as good as the  ultimate Peppers tune &quot;Suck My Kiss&quot;, they still do enough to  send you into a frenzy when you hear them.  On top of this you have  &quot;Around the World&quot; with its awesome opening riffs.  What more  could you ask for?   The only track to ditch is &quot;Porcelain&quot;.   And for all those who saw them at the Big Day Out in Melbourne, by god they  haven't lost it.  &quot;Suck My Kiss&quot; was probably the best song I  have ever seen live.  Kiedis gave it everything he had and more.
0312853238|5.0|Published almost fifteen years ago to critical acclaim, Ender's Game has clearly found a special place in the hearts and minds of science fiction readers all over the world. I buy this book as a gift for the new friends I  make, as I grow older, and they always consider it a special gesture. The  only thing more pleasurable than reading Orson Scott Card's Ender's Game is  giving a copy away to someone who hasn't yet read it. I titled this review  &quot;Start it on a Friday,&quot; because you probably won't be sleeping  the night you begin reading it. If you don't have this book BUY it today,  and you won't regret it, I promise you.
0896762173|5.0|Any artist or draughtsman would agree that this book - which is composed of hundreds of line drawings - is an incredible achievement. Nancy Bradfield's tireless research and shining talent with a pencil have  produced one of the most incredible and singular costume reference  textbooks in a long time. Original costumes and accessories have been taken  by this artist, studied inside and out, measured methodically and every  seam and mark noted - and then drawn down. Some of the costumes are far too  fragile, or too soiled and damaged ever to be mounted for photography, and  will probably never be available to the general public. But in Nancy  Bradfield's drawings, they become fresh, vivid and whole once more,  three-dimensional garments. The annotations to the drawings themselves are  very informative - colour notes accompanying a silk pattern, the  measurement of the waists and shoulders, observations upon the styling or  similarities between this and another item. My increasingly well-worn and  well-read copy saw me through my A Levels in Costume and Fashion History (I  got a grade A pass), and it will, hopefully, see me through my secondary  degree in the History of Dress. I would not dare to go away to study 18th  or 19th century costume without taking this book with me or being able to  put my hand upon a copy.<br />Some of these costumes can be seen in full  colour in photographs in &quot;The Art of Dress&quot;, and most of the 19th  century dresses from the M.J.King and &quot;Personal Collection&quot; are  now in the Killerton House costume collection in Devon, UK. (This is also  featured in Jane Ashelford's Art of Dress.)<br />Buy this book and your  studies of costume - be it construction queries (Janet Arnold and Nancy  Bradfield coincidentally illustrated some of the same dresses - Arnold's  books give you the pattern but Nancy Bradfield's book will show you how it  was put together and how it should look inside and out.) or just to study  the subject - itwill all become so much easier. Tragically, this author  lost her sight in later years, and her recent death (as well as that of  Janet Arnold's) has robbed the world of two of its greatest and most  talented costume researchers. Fortunately their names will never be  forgotten as long as their books continue to be published and to remain,  literally, compulsory reading for the costume student.
B000000FG8|5.0|Op Ivy is one of the greatest ska-punk bands of all time. their lyrics are so amazing, not at all like some of the pointless commercial &quot;punk&quot; being put out n these days. a must-have for any ska fan. i  recommend &quot;Healthy Body Sick Mind&quot; and &quot;Artificial  Life&quot; especially.
6303567126|5.0|Director Scott Kalvert creates a moving and realistic recount of the true story of Jim Carroll, played superbly by Leonardo DiCaprio, a New York City teen who at the height of his high school basketball career, falls victim  to drugs and violence in the rough streets.<br />Look for the real-life Jim  Carroll who makes a cameo appearance as a crack addict in the scene where  young Jim sitting in a back alley listening to the addict preach about his  &quot;high&quot; while boiling his fix.<br />Fine supporting performances by  the entire cast and a musical score including original songs performed by  Jim Carroll's band.  Especially memorable is the acid-rock message song:  &quot;These Are All the People Who've Died&quot; which is a tribute to  Jim's fallen friends throughout his life.<br />The serious messages in this  film SCREAM out at teens, but also are sombering to adults who realize the  sometimes hopeless devastation that wracks a family during a drug crisis.  Your heart breaks for Jim's mom and his mentor, an African American  ex-druggie who cleaned up and wants nothing more than to help Jim out of  his living hell before it consumes him.
6303212263|2.0|I wtrote this review several months ago but somehow it got dropped off. Superman The Movie is a great movie, one of my favorites, that deserves to be restored digitally in widescreen format. But this version is horribly  disappointing!  I bought the most expensive VHS I could find online,  which was this clamshell version, to try to get widescreen (this was before  you could get full descriptions). I left it in shrinkwrap until I was ready  to see it again. What a disappointment! The video quality of this copy was  washed out and has so many dust spots, scratches, and other flaws that it  looks as though someone went to a second run theater and just videoed a  tired old screening. I have a high-quality VCR &amp; TV on which other VHS  tapes look awesome. Wait for a remastered version!
0780622642|3.0|I have one thing to say, listen up: I totaly and utterly agree with everyone that said just sit back and have fun. Why you ask? Here's the reason: Do you honestly go to a movie like Lost in Space or Star Wars  expecting a wonderful story? I think not, or I hope not. How can you even  think to do that when the trailer has cheap techno music in the backround,  no. You go to a movie like this to have fun. The special effects are  top-notch and some of the acting is good (Gary Oldman leading the bunch.  Mimi Rogers in Close second. Willim Hurt and Mat LeBlanc in third). But of  course the story is a little iffy and at one point a little confusing. And  the screenplay is bla. But really, just see this to have a good time. I  don't recommend to buy it, but do see.<br />What do you have to lose? Go see  American Beauty if you want to think.
B0000009S3|4.0|Zappa was definitly trying something different on this album.  More polished and orchestrated than previous works, Zappa successfully separated himself from his previous band, The Mothers of Invention. A stripped down  approach made it more accessible to the average listener and laid the  groundwork for his new solo career. Not quite his best but a good start.
0385484518|5.0|Before I read this book, I was stressed out. It was almost Christmas and everything was hectic! So I wanted to get involved in a book, and when I picked this one, I picked the right one.<br />I know look at life in a whole  new way.<br />I remember Morrie's wise words when I'm having a bad day. I  remember his words on a good one. I remember Morrie's words, and they go  straight to my heart.
0385486804|3.0|Christopher McCandless' story is certainly compelling -- he seems to represent the toothy end of an intrinsic but rarely mentioned facet of the American character -- but I found Krakauer's narration of it to be rather  flat. I really wanted to know a lot more about McCandless when the book was  done. This sort of biographical &quot;Creative Nonfiction&quot; works best  when it gets into character, seeks to plumb the depths of the people it  writes about, and pull up strange pearls and fish and skeletons from their  murky deeps. Instead, Krakauer constantly sidesteps the many of the more  difficult aspects of McCandless by writing off on tangents about himself --  and, frankly, his own life and story are not nearly as  interesting/mysterious/unfathomable as McCandless' was. Nor does his prose  seem to feel that way, either -- enough so that one feels compelled to ask:  why did he even write the book?<br />All in all, it could have been much,  much better.
0385484518|5.0|Before I read this book, I was stressed out. It was almost Christmas and everything was hectic! So I wanted to get involved in a book, and when I picked this one, I picked the right one.<br />I now look at life in a whole  new way.<br />I remember Morrie's wise words when I'm having a bad day. I  remember his words on a good one. I remember Morrie's words, and they go  straight to my heart.
B00000JY1X|5.0|...Merritt once again establishes himself as the most influential ukelelist of his generation. Never before have such vast, overwhelming  swathes of emotion been wrenched from so small an instrument -- it seems  perhaps only Zamfir, he of the Zauberfl&ouml;te, might be fit to call Stephin  Merritt an equal, and if any modern pop anthem is destined to replace the  Lord's Prayer in the coming millenium, that anthem is none other than  &quot;World Love.&quot;<br />(Be sure to buy the box set as opposed to the  individual albums -- less pricey as a single unit, the former also includes  a limited edition mini-wheel of &quot;Laughing Cow&quot; cheese as well as  anywhere between 4 and 7 crumbling Triscuit (TM) brand snack crackers  hand-stamped with the names of several of Mr. Merritt's favorite  19th-century manufacturers of tenpenny nails, plus a booklet containing  stray cat-hairs, ancient Persian beauty tips left in the original Avesta,  and a heartbreaking, 644-page essay on the role of the castrato in rural  Ohioan society.)
0060273224|5.0|This book takes you into a world that has two different parts....one that is exactly like ours in many ways, and the other that brings the fantasy part in making it a novel that was the probably, no definitly, the best  written fiction book i have ever read. the characters are fascinating, and  they have great universality. it took alot of strength to put this book  down. you can't stop reading this masterpiece. the way that the magic and  the characters just mold together have made this book very hard to  understand but it is way too much fun trying to. you don't have to  understand the book to enjoy it. the only bad thing, and i must say that  this frequent, but not terrible, is the fact that Garth Nix ended the book  in a cliffhanger. i have been tryin to imagine what would happen in the  future in that novel but there is just too many possibilities. i would love  to see a movie or some game or some sequel to appear in the near future  about this book. i would be the first one to read or watch or play it. if  you do not believe that what i am saying is true, just pick up the book for  yourself....i am already reading it for the third time.
0783227434|5.0|People please.... this movie was of course not meant to be scary.  It's called camp.  This movie is one of the best movies for revelling in silliness.  Bruce Campbell is brilliant as Ash.. our beloved, dumb,  sarcastic hero.  Don't THINK about this movie... this is not meant for an  esoteric crowd.  It's purpose for FUN.
B000002OX7|5.0|This is the greatest Who record and has at last been given the sound quality it deserves. The difference between this remastered CD and the original issue is like the sistine chapel before and after the restoration. The sound jumps out of the speakers and I swear Keith Moon has been resurrected and is thundering away in my loungeroom. I needed to calm down after the first play as I couldn't believe how good it is. CD promised so much and in the early days delivered not a great deal for the collector out there, but the complete catalogue has been done proud. I don't think there is much more you can say about the recording. &quot;BABA O'RILEY&quot;, BARGAIN&quot;, BEHIND BLUE EYES&quot; and &quot;WON'T GET FOOLED AGAIN&quot; are genuine classics and the scream at the end of &quot;fooled again&quot; makes my heart jump every time and I'm back watching the group at Wembley or Sydney Stadium all over again. The excellent booklet gives all the info.on the history of the recording and how it gestated from the &quot;lifehouse&quot; project. I recommend the entire remastered catalogue to all WHO fans, both old and new. You don't know what a treat you are in for.
0783227434|5.0|People please.... this movie was of course not meant to be scary.  It's called camp.  This movie is one of the best movies for revelling in silliness.  Bruce Campbell is brilliant as Ash.. our beloved, dumb,  sarcastic hero.  Don't THINK about this movie... this is not meant for an  esoteric crowd.  It's purpose is FUN.
B000000WA4|4.0|4 and a half, actually.  While this album isn't perfect, it sure is an amazing work of art that really doesn't have much competition in the &quot;Epic Double-CD Studio Album From The 90's&quot; department (the only  other I can think of in the same league is Nine Inch Nails' &quot;The  Fragile&quot;).  Over the course of 28 tracks, Billy Corgan tries all kinds  of musical styles and welds them all together into a tasty brew.  From  &quot;dawn to dusk&quot; to &quot;twilight to starlight&quot;, this concept  album takes you on a real musical journey that sounds great with headphones  on.  While there are a few tracks that don't go anywhere, the number that  DO go somewhere is greater. There are some truly beautiful moments to be  found here (&quot;33&quot;, &quot;Lily&quot;), and some well-crafted hard  rockers as well (&quot;Bullet With Butterfly Wings&quot;,  &quot;Zero&quot;).  There's something here for everyone who loves rock n'  roll.  It's really pretty amazing when you think Billy wrote 26 of these  tracks himself.  Even more amazing is the number of tracks left off this  and placed on &quot;The Aeroplane Flies High&quot; (a recommended box set  of EP's).  Very ambitious, yes, and it works out well.  This is one of  those albums that will be remembered as one of the better double albums in  rock's history.
B00000K19E|5.0|Excellent Movie to watch unreal special Fx Very imaginative plot. This is has to be the movie of 1999. great allrounder
B000000WJZ|5.0|This really is a superb album.  &quot;Gish&quot; and &quot;Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness&quot; are close behind, but &quot;Siamese Dream&quot; is the Pumpkins' shining moment.  &quot;Cherub Rock&quot; kicks  things off in a big way, and then every other track on here is just as  strong.  There's plenty of good, hard rock on here to please the classic  rock dude in all of us.  The usage of strings in &quot;Disarm&quot; is a  nice change of pace that hints at things to come for some tracks on  &quot;Mellon Collie..&quot; and a lot of &quot;Adore&quot;.  The full  guitar attack utilized here sounds great.  The tracks on &quot;Siamese  Dream&quot; combine nicely as a cohesive whole, as all great albums should.   This is one of those albums that will be remembered for a long time as one  of the best of the 1990's.  Just perfect, overall.
0800135954|5.0|One of the greatest saga's ever made this sprawling story had me thinking back to watching Gone with the Wind for the first time, a must see.
B000002AZ8|4.0|Another reviewer compared this to the Beatles self-titled 1968 album (the white album), and, you know,  I had never thought of that.  I agree, to an extent, though.  It's quite experimental, yet it has enough of a dark,  moody feel to it that it doesn't alienate the millions of fans it gained  with &quot;Ten&quot; and &quot;Vs.&quot;, just as the white album was quite  experimental, yet had enough of a &quot;good-ol' Beatles&quot; feel to it  that it didn't alienate the millions of fans it gained with their previous  albums.  While &quot;The Beatles&quot; is my second fave Beatles album (to  &quot;Abbey Road&quot;), &quot;Vitalogy&quot; is probably my least favorite  PJ album, but that doesn't mean I don't like it.  I do, very much.   &quot;Spin The Black Circle&quot;, &quot;Not For You&quot;, &quot;Tremor  Christ&quot;, &quot;Nothingman&quot;, &quot;Corduroy&quot;, &quot;Better  Man&quot;, and &quot;Immortality&quot; are catchy, melodic pop-rock, but  the rest of the album is where the more diverse aspect kicks in.  Some of  it works interestingly (&quot;Bugs&quot;, very Tom Waitsish), some of it  doesn't work as well (&quot;Aye Davanita&quot; for example).  Not Pearl  Jam's best album (in my opinion), but their most diverse, and that earns it  respect in my book.  Definitely worth a look if you are looking for a place  to start your PJ collection, especially if you're into experimentation in  rock n' roll.
0800128052|5.0|Truly an underated movie. Undescribable. It is just an excellent movie. Seriously this movie will give you goosebumps and/or tears every single time you watch it. It gives me tears. It just shows what one can do if he  tries. Don't give up hope. A great theme. Truly a great movie.
B000000993|5.0|Really good...Not as well produced as Aenmia.But the sound is still there...And the drumming is just as good(Great!)Swamp Song and Disgustipated are instantly memorable...This is everything I expected, and  it is still growing...which means I will want to give it six stars!
B00001OH7Y|3.0|I have to admit that my opinion of this album is largely tainted by the fact that I love the Bowie-Eno trilogy. That said, the title track and &quot;Ashes to Ashes&quot; rank up there with Bowie's best. Some of the  material kinda goes nowhere, but the lyrics are Bowie at his most clever.  &quot;Fashion&quot; is a pretty funny jab at the world of pretty faces- I  wonder what Bowie's supermodel wife thinks of that song? By the way, listen  to &quot;Crystal Japan&quot; and shake your head in disgust at the way in  which Trent Reznor lifted the melody almost note for note for his own  &quot;A Warm Place&quot;.
0913866156|5.0|The Crowley deck is fantastic and fascinating, especially as a meditation too. I have one suggestion, for anyone who buys this book: Find a copy of &quot;The Qabalistic Tarot&quot; by Robert Wang
B0000214F3|1.0|aside from Sir Anothny Hopkins who is the only true actor in this film this is a pure Vanity mess.Brad Pitt is way overrated.he doesn't add anything to this Long-winded&amp;boring film.this is what's wrong with  films today.only special films deserve 3 hours or more not movies that can  be done in two hours or less.
6300216268|5.0|the best love story ever told...i also liked bud cort in brewster mccloud:):)
6300263673|2.0|this film was okay but by no means worthy of all the hype.Jennifer Gray is a weak actress.as for Patrick Swayze he is a 2nd tier dancing John Travolta knock off.catchy but nothing that merits all the Love it got.
079073804X|5.0|There's not much reveiwing you can do on this powerful film.If someone were to write a review on the hole movie you could spend a very long time perhaps a lifetime reviwing it.<br />    This is a moving film on how people  view this movie is what your opinon on good vrs. evil.The movie's outline  is more on faith vrs.hopelessness religon vrs. chaos and hell.In the midst  of all of this happning a poor 12 year old girl, and unexperienced preist  who has lost all but his hope.And a man who belives in faith and the word   of god but sacrifices himself to something he cannot defeat or begin to  understand.<br />    All in all Peter Blattys Exorcist will test your mind to  belive in faith and religon.And for  your hard earned dollars your going to  get a great masterpeice on dvd and a very intelligent and thought prevoking  movie.And a wild ride into the closest thing your going to get to hell.A  truly epic masterpeice.
B000002C1X|5.0|To put it simply, Pink Floyd hit a vein with this one.  You feel yourself rise and (this is most of the album) fall with the protagonist, a rock star named &quot;Pink&quot;.  Pink goes through the pain of losing a father to  war, of a fascination/ repulsion to sex, and addiction to heroin, his wife  leaving, and ultimately putting himself on trial for the emotional wreck he  has made of himself.  Although a few of the songs are a little weak at  times, they are counterbalanced by songs with heavy emotional/ musical  impact.  Cuts like Comfortably Numb, Run Like Hell, and The Trial take an  album that would be great without them, and bring it into an entirely  different level.  Overall, the Wall is a triumph of Songwriting and  composition, the likes of which will probably never be equalled again.
B000020617|4.0|&quot;Generator&quot; and &quot;Stacked Actors&quot; are very good songs on &quot;There is Nothing Left to Lose&quot;. Other than these, this is a far cry from the brilliance of &quot;Foo Fighters&quot; and &quot;The  Colour and the Shape&quot;. Look forward to many soft songs like  &quot;Learn to Fly&quot;. For somebody looking to discover the Foo's for  the first time, please do not start with this album!
6300274195|3.0|i think children of all ages willl enjo
B000021Y77|5.0|How many of us wouldn't want to have the chance to re-live a part of our life, to make it better, to alter its course to a differant outcome?  &quot;Run Lola Run&quot; is a film that uniquely explores this universal  and very human fantasy.  This is a unique action-adventure as well as a  good love story.
B000002J1U|4.0|This is by far the best of Led Zeppelin's albums.  The songs are accessible and can stand alone without the hype which accompanied the 4th album (particularly the track Stairway to Heaven).  In fact it became  fashionable to denigrate this album.  Any album which contains Immigrant  Song, not to mention classics like Gallows Pole, Friends, That's the Way  and Bron-Y-aur Stomp has to have earned its stripes.  Forget the putdowns  of musical pseuds and buy this album.  It is Led Zeppelin for *all* the  people.
B00000K29E|5.0|Janis is the greatest female singer of all time, no doubt about it. And her early acid rock with Big Brother doesn't deny that fact. The best song on here is Call On Me, a duet between Janis and...uh, Sam I think. But the  album is a nice mix of folk, blues and acid rock. If you like Janis, or  sixties music, add this to your collection.
B000002IWQ|4.0|This album has elements from their old style along with elements from their newer &quot;electronica&quot; stuff. This album seems more serious than their lighthearted &quot;Presto&quot; and &quot;Hold Your Fire&quot;  albums. &quot;Roll The Bones&quot; lead us into this album with the style  that was about to come for this and &quot;Test For Echo&quot;. <br />The  opening song &quot;Animate&quot; has such a cool groove sound that it's 6  minute length seems much shorter. &quot;Nobody's Hero&quot;, one of Rush's  most personal songs yet has great lyrics. &quot;Cold Fire&quot;, probably  my favorite on the album is a nice song on the subject of relationships. I  highly recommend this CD.
B000002WYT|5.0|Wow, man this is the best CD in the world man! Daves the greatest man! You gotta get this CD. Every songs is awesome! Wow, what a collection, my friend lil Suzy said that it wouldnt be good but wow was she wrong! She  better go buy it.
B000002IOW|5.0|I am a huge fan of Rush and have almost all of their albums. I was truly impressed with this one when it came out 10 years ago. The previous album of theirs &quot;Hold Your Fire&quot; is what introduced me to the band.  Since then I have gotten almost all of their albums and this one has to be  in their top 5 best albums. Although I like &quot;Hold Your Fire&quot; a  little better, this album shows that Rush has perfected their  &quot;electronica&quot; sound that was also on &quot;Hold Your Fire&quot;.  <br />&quot;Chain Lightning&quot;, a terrific song that has that kind of  addicting sound similar to &quot;Time Stand Still&quot; from their previous  album. Other outstanding songs are &quot;Anagram&quot;, &quot;Red  Tide&quot;, &quot;Hand Over Fist&quot; and &quot;Available Light&quot;. But  all the songs are, as always, great Rush creations. Highly Recommended.
0201485672|4.0|This book make systematic the steps of fixing the design of poor or mediocre code. Experienced programmers might be put off by the apparent simplicity of many of the steps described. But more important that the  individual steps, is knowing when and where to apply them, improving the  efficiency of the process and the quality of the result. After all life is  too short to waste on reworking code for any longer than necessary. You can  also apply the methods in this book to your own design before you implement  it. This book is a useful companion to &quot;Code Complete&quot;, but if I  had an empty bookshelf I would buy &quot;Design Patterns&quot; and  &quot;Code Complete&quot; first.
0060977493|3.0|This book lies somewhere between Greek tragedy and paintings of sad children with large round eyes. I don't think I've ever has such an ambiguous reaction to a novel. Reading it was agonizing - the circular plot kept hinting at the horrors ahead, and after a while I didn't want to know  in any greater detail what was going to happen to these two unbearably  lovable, underloved children. Maybe I'm a shallow Philistene, but there's  no trace of redemption in this book - the events are basically a confluence  of the evils of colonialism, racism, sexism, family dysfunction, human  pettiness and bad breath. If the writing were not so ornate, it might seem  didactic - which it doesn't. There's nothing tract-like about this book,  but the prose is going to drive some people nuts. I of course had mixed  feelings - sometimes it felt inventive, other times gimmicky and  manipulative. I'm surprised that some people are most bothered by the  incestuous coupling at the end - it's clearly the first moment of peace  these two tragic figures have had since early childhood.
B000002MFN|5.0|Although it wasn't meant to, this album really brushed off all the trendy and unimaginative fans.  It did however, deeply satisfy the fans who truly understand Madonna.  The fans who understand her when she says &quot;I  didn't get into music because I thought I had a great voice or was a great  dancer; I got into music because I have something to say.&quot;<br />The  attitude on this album is incredible.  Fierce and reflective.  Fun and  empowering.  The opening song &quot;Erotica&quot; is a demanding turn-on  and Madonna isn't afraid to express her fantasy bluntly just as in  &quot;Where Life Begins.&quot;  Equally in-your-face is &quot;Bye Bye  Baby&quot; - a fun and liberating end to a nasty relationship.  &quot;Bad  girl&quot; is an addictively touching account of a low point in one's life  (beautiful short-film music video by the way).  &quot;Rain&quot; and  &quot;In This Life&quot; are also softer, moving songs.  &quot;Thief Of  Hearts&quot; is a nasty confrontation!  &quot;Deeper and Deeper&quot; is so  much fun - you'll love it.  &quot;Why's it So Hard&quot; is an agreeable  call for peace and equal rights.  &quot;Secret Garden&quot; brings things  to an end quite gracefully.  The only genuine throw-away is &quot;Did You  Do It?&quot; which is Madonna just having fun with some rappers...not bad  but would have made a better b-side.  The other 13 songs for the most part  are extremely valuable gems to Madonna's expanding catalog.<br />Now that the  dust has settled, it's clear that this album is not only a classic but  drastically adds to Madonna's &quot;legend&quot; status which will reach  people for years and years to come.
0375408282|2.0|The story of Michael Berg and Hanna has great potential but Schlink failed to explore the emotive value of each character.  <br />I empathized with Hanna's naivete and illiteracy.  Yet, it seems that her character was  mystified to the point of a non-entity.  <br />When Hanna asks the judge \\"what  would you have done?\\", Schlink fails to embrace this theme and give it  substance. Throughout the book there is a sense of incongruency and lack of  flow.
B000002MUW|5.0|Erotica was so intense and thrilling (see my review) that Betime Stories following it seems like the aftermath with some chances to catch your breath.<br />&quot;Survival&quot; is a good opening and although some may be  quick to regard it along with &quot;I'd Rather Be Your Lover&quot; as throw  aways, they are fun and memorable enough to stand and should not be  skipped.  &quot;Don't Stop&quot; is the only track you might skip sometimes  - not bad but a little too simple.  Otherwise there is a wealth of wonder  here.  Although hip-hop so often sounds monotonous, Madonna takes hip-hop  influence (the beats!)  to songs like &quot;Secret&quot; and &quot;Human  Nature&quot; and they wind up refreshingly addictive and make excellent  singles.  The attitude of &quot;Human Nature&quot; is awesome and makes you  wanna reach for your Erotica CD again, but not so fast....there are a  handful of sensuous and softer songs not to be missed.  There's also  &quot;Sanctuary&quot; and &quot;Bedtime Story&quot; which go places Madonna  has never ventured before (and gave some indication of where she was headed  on &quot;Ray of Light&quot;).  These two songs hit deep in the soul.   Madonna was obviously influenced by Bjork (the song &quot;Bedtime  Story&quot; was even written by Bjork, the only song Madonna does not share  writing credits for on the album).  It all ends with the number one ballad  &quot;Take a Bow&quot;.  Wonderful ending.<br />This album is not to be  missed.  It's an extremely rich set of songs that adds a tremendous amount  to Madonna's already &quot;legend&quot; status.
0783229887|4.0|I Saw the 2 and 3 they were kinda dumb( especaly 3) But Bride of Chuncky is a spoof of Natural Born Killers and it does it well it weird and fun and i highly recomend it as a cult classic.
076780421X|5.0|If you really want to know how great romantic comedy can be, FOOLS RUSH IN is a must-see movie and a definite must have collection.  Matthew Perry and Salma Hayek are perfectly cast in a funny and very moving film.  When one  problem is solved, another rises up and this continues until the ending  which requires several tissues.  You will never laugh and cry at the same  time as in the ending of this sweet movie.  FOOLS RUSH IN is the best  romantic comedy ever made.
B00000099Y|5.0|This is in response to a review by &quot;a music fan from Texas.&quot; I cannot believe that anyone, no matter how daft, would say that this is sloppy guitar/drum work. This person obviously has never played either  instrument (at least not with any true insight). As a drummer, I am in  absolute awe of the drum work on this album.  The only drummer who compares  in technical ability is the drummer from Dave Matthews. Tool's drummer has  studied Tabla and almost magically incorporates what he has learned from  this and other Eastern drums into his set. At one point in 46 and 2 he puts  a cd-skipping sound in and goes off on a non-rhythmic but totally  controlled &quot;solo&quot; that is crazy. What's better is that he can do  this stuff live-no overdubbing needed. The guitar work is not technically  as impressive but back Maynard's voice wonderfully. The guitarists do not  try or need to overpower the vocals, there is already plenty going on in  the songs. This is the most inventive heavy band I've ever heard and this  is their best album. I just hope they come out with some new stuff soon.
6305657947|4.0|Anyone else have a problem with the disc stalling and skipping at two reproducible locations.  I have a Yamaha S795 player.  The disc was clean, but still had this problem.  My other DVDs play perfectly.  Overall,  though, a superb movie-- great story.  Nice ending.
B00001QGPR|1.0|Utterly depressing. Don't let anyone who has depressive tendencies to listen to this.  They will surely be liable to damage themselves.<br />Remedy: Tom Jones Reload.  Tom doing a Portishead cover will put smile on anyones  face!
B00000BKDY|3.0|Out of the first seven Maiden studio albums, this one is my least favorite. There are several good tunes on here but it falls a little short.  If you listen to all the Maiden albums in chronological order, you can  sense a little departure with a more popular sound on this album, which is  not uncommon for most bands to do. They did put out an improved follow up  with Seventh Son Of A Seventh Son. Nonetheless, It's ok at best.  I'm just  a fan of the older Maiden music.  Albums such as Killers and Piece Of Mind  is the true classic Maiden sound that attracted their fanbase to begin  with.
630481528X|5.0|When i first saw the Saint I was astounded. This is by far my favorite movie. I thought it was awesome- Kilmer does an excellent job with all the charcter changes and I love Elisabeth Shue! After I saw it (again and  again...) I read a few reviews on it about people saying it was  &quot;boring and hard to follow.&quot; I didn't find it hard to follow at  all and I'm only 16, I know it was compared to Mission impossible (people  saying that was easier to follow) and I totallt still don't get Mission  impossible. Maybe I liked The Saint so much because it was new. It had  something for everyone, I like romance and my friends like action, so we  we're all happy. My friends could sit there and say &quot;Yeah!  Blow that  car up! &quot; and I could say &quot;Awwww!  Look! Their in love! That is  soo sweet!&quot; and all was good. Excellent story, excellent acting,  excellent film, miracle number 3... now if only there were a sequel...
B00003W8NM|5.0|Ok..if you're watching this movie..and you find yourself itching to punch something...hard...you're not alone.  I laughed, I cried, I punched my best friend in the parking lot afterwards.  This movie not only speaks to a generation...it SCREAMS!  I am chewing my nails, waiting for the release on  DVD...needing that &quot;fix&quot;, that rush of pure adrenaline that only  a handful of movies have been able to provide.  If you did not see this in  the theatres...then shame on you...but, if like me, you DID see this..then bravo...huzzah...and so on and so forth. I for one, will be on my seats edge..waiting..not patiently I might add... Remember...&quot;The first rule of Fight Club...&quot;
0425129586|5.0|This was a brillient intriguing mystery.  Agatha Christie put a lot of detail into this book.  I had an idea about who the murderer was, I won't say who though.  Her characters are so interesting and each have such an  interesting tale that you simply cannot put the book down!  I loved it, and  I am only a pre-teen!  Great for all ages.  This book was great all the way  through.  My only suggestion is that maybe you would want to read a more  difficult version.  Again, this book was exilerating, intriguing,  adventurous, suspensful and interesting.
0800141326|3.0|This movie is packed with special effects that will make most happy. But if that is taken away then it's no better than the old godzilla films.
6305750750|3.0|Sure, I agree that this movie was a disappointment with shallow characterizations and too much technology overshadowing the human element and making it seem cartoonish, however... The first trilogy must ultimately  form a tragedy in the traditional sense. It must show a great man achieve  success prior to a fall brought about by his own arrogance. If this  character is Anakin, then I am surprised that we don't see the seed of his  flaw in the first movie (if he is rash and capable of cruelty, it would  have been nice to see him exhibit this in the pod race scene by meeting  Sebulba's violence with his own), but if the tragic character is Obi-Wan,  then this first movie works rather well since it moves him into a scenerio  which he is too young and overconfident to manage. Seen as a first act, the  movie works because it presents the world of light, youth, and innocence  that the sequels must tear down.
B0000033TE|5.0|Very original. Now over 25 years old and sounds like it could have been recorded yestsrday.I bought this in record form 2 times in the 70s.I just kept wearing it out. Finaly CDs. I have heard this over 1500 times.  Needless to say it is my all time favoret. This Cd is worth every last  cent.
B00002E233|5.0|This is my first R rated movie I saw and I loved it.  This is a great movie to watch because it has one thing most horror movies don't have: a storyline.  I highly recomend this movie.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|she may be weird, but this album is awsome, its funky beats and thought-provoking lyrics are an irresistable combination.  I didn't like tidal, but the pawn changed my mind completely.  ALL the songs are  fantastic, especially with time.  If you liked as fast as you can, you'll  love this cd.
B0000214F0|4.0|Well, I decided to buy this DVC after all and I was pleasantly surprised concerning the picture quality. Concerning this movie is 20+ years old, I must say I had expected the quality to be really poor but this is not so,  IMHO anyways. And yes, the movie definately was as graphic as I remembered  it but it really is worthwhile watching.
B000002B35|5.0|Great live album.  Probably one of the best ever made and conclusive evidence that, whilst the songs of Roger Waters are the strongest, the band can still pull it off without him.  This CD is a massive improvement over  the truly awful &quot;Delicate Sound of Thunder&quot; from 1988.  This  album captures the Floyd at their live best, it's brilliantly put together,  even the cover is superb - it's my fave Pink Floyd cover - and this should  be in every Pink Floyd collection.  5 stars without a doubt.  These are the  best live versions of Pink Floyd songs currently available.  Stop reading  this review and go buy it...NOW!
B000005J56|5.0|This is one of the greatest tributes I have ever seen or heard to a group of musicians who actually did what they did out of sheer love for the art.  These songs remind me of what my family use to listen to around the house,  and the stories I heard about my parents and grandparents growing up and  living in Cuba.  I honestly can say without worrying about being cliche,  that I can feel some of the songs on this album, a rare occurence.  Any  body of Caribbean, particularly Latin American descent should own this  album and definitely see the film. For those of us who only know Cuban  culture as it has been filtered through American culture this is definitely  a learning experience.  Very Profound in its simplicity.
B0000026NC|2.0|Pink Floyd did themselves no favours at all in 1988 when they released this.  It's a dreadful live album.  For a start the mix is horrendous (listen to the drums - they are way too upfront in the mix) and it has to  be said that Dave Gilmour's vocals leave a lot to be desired.  Luckily for  him, by the time of the &quot;Division Bell&quot; tour several years later  his voice vastly improved (dare I say it but on &quot;Pulse&quot; he  mimicks Roger Water 100% convincingly).  I only give it 2 stars because of  ever-impressive guitar work from Mr Gilmour.  But even that can't save this  LP from sounding like a bland, over-produced live album of a  middle-of-the-road 1980s rock band...in other words, not very Pink Floyd at  all!  The versions of some songs are actually quite poor too -  the version  of &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; on this album is utterly dreadful.  The  definitive Pink Floyd live album is, without a doubt, 1995's  &quot;Pulse&quot; - recorded on the &quot;Division Bell&quot; tour of  1994/95.  It features vastly superior live versions of some of the better  songs featured here, along with the whole of &quot;The Dark Side Of The  Moon&quot;.  It also features a vastly improved Dave Gilmour on lead  vocals!
B000005J56|5.0|This is one of the greatest tributes I have ever seen or heard to a group of musicians who actually did what they did out of sheer love for the art.  These songs remind me of what my family use to listen to around the house,  and the stories I heard about my parents and grandparents growing up and  living in Cuba.  I honestly can say without worrying about being cliche,  that I can feel some of the songs on this album, a rare occurence.  Any  body of Caribbean, particularly Latin American descent should own this  album and definitely see the film. For those of us who only know Cuban  culture as it has been filtered through American culture this is definitely  a learning experience.  Very Profound in its simplicity.
B000002C1W|4.0|This album comes in for a lot of stick for some reason - I can't quite fathom out why though.  OK, so it isn't &quot;Dark Side Of The Moon&quot; but &quot;A Momentary Lapse Of Reason&quot; is still a good album all the  same and, despite the rantings of the &quot;Roger Waters is all things to  all men&quot; camp, it is as much a Pink Floyd album as any other.  Put it  this way, it's a whole lot better musically and far more listenable than  the dismal &quot;Final Cut&quot;, the last Pink Floyd LP with Roger Waters  (or should that be the first Roger Waters solo LP?).  And it's also better  than any of Roger Waters solo stuff - which is a joke, quite frankly.   Sure, Roger Waters was a visionary but he wasn't God.  This album  demonstrates that Pink Floyd could and would go on without him.  Also,  there is evidence here that Dave Gilmour is capable of wirting some  cracking rock tunes - the awesome &quot;Learning To Fly&quot;, the  industrial &quot;Dogs Of War&quot; and stunning Celtic-flavoured &quot;On  The Turning Away&quot;.  Who cares if Roger Waters isn't on it?  This is  the most under-rated Pink Floyd album of all and I think that's a real  shame.  Sure, as some reviewers have noted, it has a very 1980s sound to it  and to many so-called fans this was not welcomed.  But so what?  Good music  is good music and in any case they would have been ridiculed if they'd  tried to bring out a 1970s-sounding LP in 1987.  After all a band cannot  stay entrenched in one decade forever even if that decade saw their best of  their output.  Go buy &quot;Dark Side&quot; of &quot;Wish You Were  Here&quot; if you are new to the Floyd, but I would agree with one reviewer  who has already said that this makes a sensible 3rd or 4th Pink Floyd  purchase.
B00000253N|5.0|This is my favorite Dylan album. It is a collection of songs that are intelligent, emotional, and powerful. His voice seems much more controlled and &quot;musical&quot; than some earlier albums.<br />Well worth owning.
0767819594|3.0|The script was witty and well executed by Pillippe and Gellar.  I loved watching these two banter back and fourth about their conquests teasing eachother as they conversed, but I didn't find the love between Phillippe  and Witherspoon's characters believable.  It seemed to spring out of no  where.  They had a few heated arguments, one laugh and boom!  They are in  love!  Is this like being on the play ground where the little boy hits the  girl because he likes her?  So Phillippe and Witherspoon fight a few times  and we're supposed to believe tht Mr. Womanizer People User is in fact in  love with this chaste flower and not meerly lusting after her?  I don't  think so.
B000002UAO|5.0|I have listened to this disk several times over the past two weeks and am amazed at the musical majesty that's weaved throughtout. Chord changes and harmonies just don't happen like that anymore.<br />Let's face it folks...the  Beatles invented pop music and defined it. There just isn't a track on this  recording that isn't musically inventive, interesting, complex, and yet  simple at the same time. Even on &quot;What Goes On,&quot; a pleasant Ringo  rockabilly tune, the guitar work, drums, and bass combine with the  harmnoies to make a sound that is just irrisistable. When you consider that  this music was made on archaic four track equipment, it makes the  accomplishment even more amazing.
B000002AGE|5.0|For many years \\"Birdland\\" was VOA's (The Voice of America's) every day's \\"piece de resistance\\" - A symbol of America broadcasting to the world !<br />Born out of the tumultuous, amazingly creative, and so diverse music of  the 70's,  Weather Report's \\"Heavy Weather\\" is a remarkable introduction to  Jazz Rock.<br />I still believe it is an original and well designed album; it  is musical experience that passed the test of time.
0767825411|5.0|Ghostbusters is one of the greatest movies of all time.  It is very funny and has very succesful foreshadowing for further events in this movie and or the next movie.  Bill Murray is just an extremely funny guy and when you  give hima back-up cast like this, you just can't go wrong.  If you ask me,  you could watch this movie and be content for days just playing it over and  over in your head.  It is such a great movie and i am surprised that Ivan  Reitman (Animal House, Ghostbusters 2) did not get an oscar for the  producing of this film.  Harold Ramis (Stripes, Ghostbusters 2) should have  also gotten a few oscars for writing it (with Dan Akyroid), directing it  (again with Dan), and starring in it (yet again, with Dan).  If i were  Siskel and Ebert, it would get two thumbs up.  But im not, so i am just  going to say that it is a great movie and every person on earth  should  watch it.  Your life is not complete until you see this movie.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|I stayed away from Rage against the Machine for a while because I always saw them as too left wing. While this album is in no way a deviation, I couldn't help buying it after hearing Guerrila radio, and there are better  songs on the CD.
B000035P7X|5.0|1965, the British Tour is on and pirated Radio Caroline is pumpin' out one salty Bob Dylan song after another to the delight of their thirsty listeners.   &quot;Don't Look Back&quot; gives you a raw look into  inquisitive English journalism and zealous teenagers who are still flyin'  high on dizzy Beatles fumes.     Tracks of the DVD include rare versions of  Dylan classics, a discography and an early music video that &quot;MTV of  the 60's&quot; surely would have had in hot rotation.   The director's cut  is your audio tour guide to the people, places and faces of Albert  Grossman, Alan Price, Donovan, and Joan Baez.   Compared to D.A.  Pennebaker's later project &quot;Sweet Toronto&quot;, D.L.B. is a  remarkable piece of work that's been documented as one of rock's finest  movies.     Once viewed, you'll have a clear understanding as to what makes  Bob Dylan a really cool cat and how he's impressed millions with his honest  approach to song writing.
B00000099Y|5.0|I cannot think of another band that isn't pathetically anemic compared to Tool.  They just keep getting better and I cannot overpraise Aenima.  This is an amazing work - highly inventive and engaging.  At one point Maynard's  singing has (to my ears) a strikingly Gaelic feel (can't name the specific  cut because I tend listen to Aenima as a whole) and the guitar in  &quot;Third Eye&quot; conjures up an idea of what The Byrds' &quot;8 Miles  High&quot; of 30 years ago might sound like if it were redone now.  Aenima  is a rarity in modern music because it contains thought in its expression  and demands thought from the listener in return.  This is no puffpiece.   I'm very much looking forward to seeing Tool in person.
B00002E23H|5.0|An action packed film withgreat special affects. Any one who liked Jaws is going to love this film.
B00002R0MC|5.0|If you like good earthy reggae you will very much enjoy these recordings.  The entire package is put together well.  Nice chronology of songs.  But best of all there are so many moving tunes by Bob and his group, deeply  felt and flowing.  If you embrace this style of music you can get lost in  this set for days with nothing else but 'her' or 'him' and the sea, the  wind, the moon, and drink to the rapture. Yah mahn.
B000007T1M|5.0|System of a Down is one of my favorite bands.  They do have a style all their own.  Before you get this CD listen to a couple of their songs to see if you like their style.  Don't just listen to Sugar, listen to Spiders,  because it was hard for me to believe that bother of those songs were by  the same band.
B000001FFJ|5.0|Although I like some of his early works (Small Change particularly) I think that Swordfishtrombones, Rain Dogs, and Franks Wild Years are his best Three, With Rain Dogs as my favorite.  It occupies a permament spot in  my CD player, although I almost always skip Blind Love, because the song is  so beautiful it usualy makes me cry.
B00001ZUGJ|2.0|Yeah, like the other 1,500 people who reviewed it, I thought the film was cool; especially the philosophical issues it raised.  HOWEVER, this WAS sadly another American film that completely perpetuated the glorification  of gratuitous violence.  Yes, the &quot;matrix&quot; and hackers and all is  VERY cool, but walking through buildings killing as many security guards as  you can find is NOT cool.  Can anybody say &quot;Columbine&quot;?
6301095294|4.0|For those of you who enjoy wierd and crazy films, you'll love this insane, psychadelic road trip. The Beatles were the first rock band to ever make a movie like this one. They wrote, directed and starred in it, during a year  when L.S.D was the hottest drug on the street. &quot;Magical Mystery  Tour&quot; is definitely for the &quot;underground&quot; crowd. It's John,  Paul, George and Ringo at their wierdest! Includes music videos for &quot;I  Am The Walrus&quot; &quot;Fool On The Hill&quot; and Harrison's &quot;Blue  Jay Way&quot;
0393312836|5.0|This really is a great book and the language took nothing from the story, in fact it added another dimension to it. It can be easily understood after the first chapter or so. The story is filled with irony and is very thought  provoking.
B000002U82|2.0|Look, before you get mad at me, I'm 42 years old.  I've heard this recording on Vinyl, 8 track cassette and CD.  The CD is flat.  Oh sure the songs are still great, but there is nothing there for sound quality.  Very  disappointed, Alan Parsons did not want this recorded like this.
B000009RC2|3.0|Very impressive combination of instruments working together that I had never heard before. The violin and guitar are very powerful together. So much, in fact, the drums take the backseat. This is unfortunate, because  the drumming is excellent. Individually, all instruments are great, but the  guitar overwhelms everything else, and can really get on your nerves at  times because of the obvious gratuitiveness of it. The feeling of the sound  covers the mood spectrum from one end to the other; gentle and melodic to  absolute, annoying chaos. A good album to listen to and appreciate the  unique musical value and guitar solos(if that's what you want). Not an  album to throw on at a social event,though. It would probably make people  leave if you left it on long enough.
6305297525|1.0|The term BEAUTY IS ONLY SKIN DEEP should be stamped in large red letters on the outside of the box as a warning. Rip the colorfully painted veneer of this stinker away, and what's left will be wilting stick figures posing  unsuccessfully as inconsolable lovers. After an almost-well-done  introductory set of characterizations, this movie leaps into its own abyss  of lush landscapes, dark and ferocious underworlds, while pretty little  things flit about spouting platitudes about life and love. After all the  visual hoopla, after wading through the irritating,  make-'em-up-as-you-go-along rules and regulations of this  &quot;world,&quot; there's just nobody worth giving a damn about -- and not  because there couldn't be real people here, but because the moviemakers  have done such a poor job putting this schmaltz together. There is  potential here for a capable storyteller and director, and viewers who want  to make the effort to fill in the blanks, ignore all the arbitrary and  silly details, and search for some points of reference in their own lives  will (and have, judging by some reviews) find value in this torturously  paced movie. In response to the reviewers who said this movie will make you  wish you were in heaven, I guess I'd have to agree: About half an hour into  it, I did indeed wish I was dead.
6304297912|4.0|This movie made me uncomfortable at some parts, but that's because its so real. It has that kind of power. It's raw and beautiful and terrible at the same time.
B0000004V2|5.0|i always heard so much about them- yet never had really heard them.- finally i got myself to buy this CD as it was supposedly similar to a lot of the other British music I like.  wow- its better! its the king of all  britpop and really is an all time classic.  Songs like This Is The One are  just euphoric.  The Stone Roses had a unique, amazing sound that I am mad  that I didn't discover earlier.  Truly a timeless classic.
B000000WCV|5.0|daft punk, simply put, is sublime.  the album homework is one of the greatest achievements of the contemporary music/art world.  after beginning with a fun intro to let the uninitiated ease into this bizarrely wonderful  album, a psuedo-radio announcer tells the listener some of the best news  he/she could ever hear: &quot;[we will be]...bringing you exclusively- daft  punks homework.&quot;    what follows is over an hour of the most  enjoyable, realized, original soundscapes ever invented.  forget about  people calling daft punk updated disco or typical french dance-pop.  daft  punk are a category unto themselves.  it is rare that you will find  musicians with this much courage  and imagination to create something so   outstandingly original.    regardless of what music you listen to, this  album won't fit in, and that's the wonderful part.  it stands out like a  triple-jointed thumb.  i purchased this album a few years ago and still  appreciate it more upon every listening.  put an end to the boredom that is  a symptom of most music today, and get a hold of daft punk's homework.
B0000004V2|5.0|i always heard so much about them- yet never had really heard them.- finally i got myself to buy this CD as it was supposedly similar to a lot of the other British music I like.  wow- its better! its the king of all  britpop and really is an all time classic.  Songs like This Is The One are  just euphoric.  The Stone Roses had a unique, amazing sound that I am mad  that I didn't discover earlier.  Truly a timeless classic.
6305750750|1.0|I was very surprised and dissapointed to see George Lucas single handedly destroy everything I loved about episodes 4 and 5. The storyline (not that spectacular in the other Star Wars films, but these two had a lot of other  things that made them great films) is irrelevant and the Star Trek like  technobabble is awfull (midichlorians, very very bad idea George, it takes  everything magical out of the Force thus destroying the concept), the  actors spout their lines on command without feeling and the characters are  forgettable at best. Anyway I saw it a couple of times and stick with what  I thought the first time I left the theater: &quot;This movie should never  have been made&quot;.
0767817478|1.0|THERE WILL BE NO SEQUELS!  The rights to Godzilla have gone back to Toho! And THEY(Toho) ARE MAKING ANOTHER JAPANESSE GODZILLA MOVIE!(called Godzilla 2000,going to be great) This movie is flith and not worthy of the  name.
B000009RC2|4.0|hmmm...what i heard sent me into a meditative dreamland, jumping over and under musical burts of guitar, violin, piano, and other deftly utilized instruments. certainly not a poppy easy listen, this album pulls your ears  into many different directions with little tidbits of sound that, when  meshed together, put forth an intricate work. good stuff.
0345377370|5.0|This is the classic cold war spy novel. All the elements are here before they became cliches. Le Carre's themes in later novels became repetitive and stale, but here they are new and deeply felt.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Many kudos to Carlos and all on Supernatural.  It's been quite a while since I bought a CD that I enjoyed from start to finish.  Only thing that I don't fancy is the Lauryn Hill collaboration, but I won't begrudge Carlos.  He'll get at least 5 Grammys for sure!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|What a great CD...purchased it for &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot; and now listen to EVERY song over and over.  Definitely worth buying!
B00000F1D3|5.0|50+ and the gal still knows how to do it right.  A solid effort from start to finish.  A true diva.
6302824613|3.0|good movie, very weird jokes, great acting, David Diven, Woody Allen, Peter Sellers, buy it.
B00003XB8K|4.0|frist i foremost i love enigma. i think that michael cretu is a genius that creates beautiful melodies and songs. i disovered enigma back in 1990. right from the begging i was enchanted by the gregorian chants and  uniqueness of his creativity. i loved the second album and the third is my  favorite. &quot; the screen behind the mirror is something diferrent. ok  maybe he did not want to use gregorian chants, despite that the album still  very good. the introduction of the album it's awesome!. i love it since the  fist time i listened the cd. michael cretu is an innovator; he is always  ahead of his time by creating something that a lot of people are trying to  immitate but can't do. this album is the beggining of a new era for enigma.  we still have 4 albums left to enjoy. as michael cretu stated &quot;the  last enigma album will be in the year 2010. let's welcome the new album and  enjoy the divinity and mysticsm of the album. best tracks. &quot; the gate,  push the limits, gravity of love, between the heart and mind and endless  quest.
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game and the three books following it in the Ender Quartet are a shining example of how a protaganist can overcome emotionally and mentally strenuous obstacles.  Ender isn't the perfect being, nor is he loved by  all, readers included.  However, Ender and his peers prove that children  are the pinnacle of the human race...no question.  Ender, as he ages,  encounters new obstacles that are more important than being trained in a  battle school and &quot;destroying&quot; an alien race.  This is Card's  message: Trust in the younger generations and rely on your inner feelings.   This is apparent in the three later books which are, in fact, quite better.
6304493681|5.0|Masamune Shirow's world of Ghost In the Shell is completely real and immersive. Less than five minutes into the film, and you'll believe it's real. A definite must-see.
0385484518|5.0|This story is a heart-throb and is as good as it gets. As this non-fiction story moves along, the reader comes out enriched, learning not only one great lesson in life, but it tackles several important topics of life in general. This book makes you think without creating a headache. There's  another book out there that goes to the heart of the matter regarding  crucial issues of life and it's an inspirational read, which is Dietmar  Scherf's &quot;I Love Me: Avoiding &amp; Overcoming Depression&quot; also  available at Amazon.
0684833395|4.0|With the recent death of Joseph Heller, I felt compelled to go back and reread his masterpiece, Catch 22.  Thirty some years ago I read it as an undergraduate at San Francisco State in the midst of the Viet Nam War.   Looking at it again in my fifties, Catch-22 seems a bit more over the edge,  and yet the wit is still razor sharp.  The absurdities of war still ring  true. Heller reminds  us that the insanity of war is not limited to  pointless wars like Viet Nam. The craziness can even can be found in the so  called Good War.
630575067X|3.0|I love Star Wars and was thrilled when I heard about \\"The Phantom Menace.\\" I went to the first showing at area theaters. I was sorely disappointed. Jar Jar Binks, in particular, had looked so cute and funny in the previews, but was stupid and skittish on screen. Indeed, his whole species was rather ridiculous; it's a shame, because they had real potential to be endearing and heroic. That was sacrificed in favor of bathroom humor and clumsy antics geared towards children. And Jar Jar was not the only character to whom that applied. In one or two scenes would have been bearable, but it went on throughout the movie! Aside from that, the movie was good, but the end felt really unresolved. Overall, it wasn't bad, but wasn't nearly what I had hoped. Had I anticipated a children's movie, I think I would have enjoyed it. But I didn't. I went to see an epic. It fell miserably short of my expectations.
0780624890|4.0|Excellent special effects. The story line has a twist from your normal &quot;tooth and blood&quot; vampire spoof. Snipe's hard, cool attitude goes well with the character.  The special features are enjoyable.
6305183023|1.0|I'm not about to scan over the 260-some commentaries on this flick. I don't think Ed Harris deserved the accolades he received. It's a role that anyone, even Paul Reubens, could have played. I'm a Carrey fan, but he  never sold me on his stifled performance. It's a good concept gone awry.
0451169514|5.0|Mr. King has again scared me so much I absolute LOVE it - but I will forever be afraid of clowns and storm drains.  I felt as if I knew all of the characters personally as I do with all his books.  Triumph of good over  evil, as with a lot of his books, this one is very special.  Pennywise is a  very worthy advisary and perfect evil.
B000002U9E|5.0|There are many moments to make you glow from the inside on this album; from the wild abandonment of &quot;Hounds of Love&quot; to the warmth of &quot;Cloudbusting&quot; to Kate's masterpiece &quot;The Ninth Wave&quot;  which will make you tingle. &quot;The Ninth Wave&quot; is my favourite work  of Kates, deep and dark yet ultimately uplifting - you have to hear it!
B00000K19E|5.0|This is an excellent movie. I recommend it to everyone! There are a few problems with the story, but it is good for the most part. Lots of people think it is hard to understand the first time you watch it. But I on the  other hand, got the whole story the first time. I must admitt though, it is  much better on DVD. Good luck.
B000002MJR|5.0|If I could only keep one of my Dire Straits CDs, the choice would be a &quot;no brainer.&quot;  Not only is the playlist a collection of their finest, but each selection is invariably better than the studio version  from other CDs -- far more powerful and polished.  Private Investigations,  You And Your Friend, and On Every Street each have a dark, full, complex  sound that far outclass the studio versions.  This is technically the best  live recording I've ever heard.
B000002IWQ|4.0|Counterparts is a very important album in the Rush catalog, if only because it marks a return to a raw stripped down sound.  This is as close to a genuine rock record as Rush has ever come.  As usual the music is  masterfully crafted by Lee and Lifeson.  Animate, Stick it Out, and Cut to  the chase rock hard.  Peart's drumming from the opening intro is powerful  and maintains its intensity throughout the entire album.  This album proved  to many Rush fans that Rush can still may good music and not just  regurgitate Roll the Bones every three or so years.  Rush's music commands  respect and Counterparts serves as a brief reminder of how influential this  band can be.
B000002ADT|4.0|This is one of the most hyped albums of all time, but I just don't see precisely why.  It is very entertaining and solid, but seems to lack a bit of emotion and drive that is present in most albums that I would call  great.  I know little of jazz history, and therefore my appreciation of the  historical imact of this album is less than most other reviewers.  I doubt  more than a handful of people with a genuine desire to appreciate jazz have  ever been disappointed with this album, though.  Maybe in a few years when  I have accumulated a greater knowledge of jazz I will reassess and give  this work another star, but for now it is merely good, not great.
B000006NPY|1.0|Don't even waste your money on this garbage, if I wanted to hear a lullaby I'd listen to Mother Goose.  Billy Corgan has lost all of his powers since he went bald, and that's the bottom line 'cause Stone Cold said so!
B0000065O1|5.0|I wrote my first review in OCTOBER 1999 and now it's FEBRUARY 2000 and I'm still using the video and have never felt better.  I work out almost everyday and have lost inches and weight. My husband and family can really  tell the difference.  Usally I can not stay with an exercise program for  more than 6 weeks but it has been 3 months now and I am still enjoying this  video.
B00003CWPR|3.0|Okay, let's state for the record in all fairness, that this film fell victim to media overkill. The hype for this film was beyond necessity. It wasn't like Kurbrick knew he was going to pass on into the next life and  therefore had to make THE best film of his career. That said....this film  still fell short of many if not all of Kubrick's other films. The film  seemed to be a series of cliche after cliche; the foreign &quot;ladies  man&quot; trying to presuade Nicole from her husband, the two ditsy modles  oogling over Cruise, the over the top jealosy trip over something pretty  trivial in reality that NEVER happened between Nicole and some unkown  sailor (which still doesn't justify anyman hunting for a Hooker to get back  at his wife), Cruise flashing his Medical credentials like he was from the  freakn' NYPD, the very tame orgy scene (I saw the unedited verison in  England....and still no big deal)and the endless vacuume of empty space  that Kubrick fills his films with that normally work. The dialog was pat,  the acting uninspired, and the plot far too wobbly and at times embarassing  to fathom. Which is too bad. The basic premise of the film is great and  could have had a tremendous impact if  approached in a different direction.  It makes em suspecious that maybe Kubrick was not finished with the film  alfter all and some tinkering went on a Warner as a kind of  &quot;justice&quot; for all the years of yeilding to the master. The  cinematography was as usual stunning but juxtaposed against that dull and  thudding orgy scene and that terrible dialog &quot;you must leave this  place. you are in great danger....&quot; just made me think that there was  some inside joke going in that I missed. The best scene that had the most  impact was the most down played and that was the scenes between Tom and the  hooker. The best tension was created during this, with the subject of  adultry and the topic of aids but was dropped by the way side and over  shadowed in the restof the films trappings. And was anyone really supposed  to buy that last line from Nicole? Maybe I missed some vital scene or bit  of dialog....but sadly I don't think that was the case.
B000001FRY|5.0|This has always been my favorite u2 cd. Everything on it is very good. The cd has a good flow to also. The edge isn't the fastest or most virtousistic guitar player in the the world but especially on this cd one can here the  style of his that set him apart and is uniquely his. On Boy it just has  that whatever that makes it great especially in another time, another place
6304500483|5.0|I loved this movie. It is one of the coolest movie I've ever seen. Iggy Pop also gives a great performance as gang ring leader Curve. I loved the director's use of color distortion as well. This movie is trying hard not  to just rip off the original which must be pretty hard since a guy back  from the dead seeking revenge leaves little room for variation.
B00000K3UU|1.0|It never changes, casting Adam Sandler gets you one of the dumbest movies one can see.  It was bad enough Wedding Singer was made, but they keep getting dumber.  In this one he watches over a kid, who probably has a  higher IQ than him in reality. I have but one suggestion to Adam Sandler,  go back to Saturday Night Live that was the only place you were tolerable.  GRADE: D-
B00002DE2L|5.0|Anne Sophie will sell many copies of this album, true. The interpretation is shocking, unorthodox, true. The playing is very strong, especially for baroque, true. Are these reasons to hate this album? Perhaps, but that's not even a mater of opinion, rather merely of politics. Any way you slice it, this recording is unique. It's certainly not a particularly authentic or faithful rendition of Vivaldi's work, but it is certainly different from everything else out there. Moreover, the playing is good, precise, and the recording is well balanced and technically well done. I personally have multiple recordings of the 4 Seasons, precisely because each of them brings something different to the work. Authentic performances highlight different parts of the scoring and ornamentation, and modern orchestras simply have technologically superior violins with fuller, lush sound, and create performances with more force and expressiveness. Anne Sophie's recording is all new, it's living music. At times, it's raw and forceful, and at times it's serene, and in many regards exceeds the levels of both that other recordings achive. Some may think it goes too far at times, and I would almost include myself among those folk. I've listened to it several times, but I'm not going to buy it--it doesn't add much more for me to the 3 recordings I already have (one authentic performance, one really good modern performance with a chamber orchestra, and one with a really good soloist), since each of the three I have include passages that are particularly aggressive, particularly serene, or particularly well played. I commend the recording, however, and I'm glad I heard it.<BR>Additionally, I would point out that Europa Galante just released an authentic instrument performance of not just the 4 seasons, but the entire Cimenta dell'armonia e dell'inventione, the larger work that the seasons concerti are part of.  The performance is nuanced and innovative, quite unlike any other reading.
630529142X|1.0|(no stars)Again, Adam Sandler and, again, a very unfunny movie.  Why is it that Adam Sandler always plays a character that has the mentality of a 3 year old? He goes to the extreme in this film.  Someone makes fun of him  and he attacks them and fights them, oh yeah, that is just so funny,  sarcasm intended. GRADE: F
B000001BX0|5.0|Good tunes with lirics you can't get enough of! This CD offers my generation of listeners a hardcore message of redemption. Breaking all the rules set by our confused society Molotov knows how to tell it like it is.  From bashing our third world governments to dissing common youth behaviour  this is the new legacy of music. Reaching new boundaries and breaking  them...this is the answer to repression. Vivan los latinos y que muera la  oprecion...Sigan adelante hermanos!
6304539282|5.0|I think that old George is being very selfish by not selling the trilogy.  It is the best story I have ever seen and I feel that he is only making people impatient by holding off on the distribution of these 3 great  movies.
B000031WD9|5.0|I'm 22/Male and come from a very diverse background.  I thought this movie was a great depiction of what it's like growing up, especially for guys.  Not to mention, the tremendous comedy they bring in by pushing the limits  of traditional movies by making your imagination fill in the blanks to keep  it appropriate.  If you're open minded, and enjoy movies about life (and  no, not the dull boring ones, but the exciting, funny, real ones) you  should love it.  (That's why I just bought it!)
6303314015|5.0|I think the Lion King is definetly a movie for everyone. The cubs are just like kids, going where the adults tell them not to. Always wanting to go have fun and play in the mud instead of getting a bath or lounging around.  They learn the circle of life, how we all come and go. The lion is just  like any other human father: Protective, wise, teaches the cubs things,  fun, yet lays his life on the to save Simba. Simba wants to grow up so fast  and become king. So, I personally think that people of all ages can relate  to this in different ways.
B000000OY9|2.0|Geez....What's Neil up to here? This isn't too good. If you think Neil should be backed by Toto you might enjoy this one. I hate to throw darts at the guy (cause he's great) but this sounds like he wants to be a pop star.  This wouldn't fly on Star Search. Bottom Line: This cd is to rock music  what etch-a-sketch is to art. You go Neil!
630575067X|5.0|This has got to be the best Star Wars movie out yet. One can only imagine how this story will unfold as 2 and 3 come out. I recommend this video to any major or minor Star Wars fan alive. Be sure to pick one up as soon as  humanly possible...even if you are from a galaxy far, far away.
B0000062FL|3.0|When I saw Santana live back in '94, I decided to never buy another studio recording by Santana again, well maybe after he passes away. Santana is incredible, live; his performance that night  made me question Hendrix.
B00002MZ12|4.0|This album has most of her best-known (most popular) songs.  Despite the less-than-glowing reviews about her voice not being very good, I find these renditions of her songs to be great.  I'm glad I ignored the negative reviews and bought the album.  It's a good collection  and a quality recording.
0385484518|1.0|A sugar-coated  pill, easy for those aging baby boomers to swallow.  No doubt he was a sweet man, but I didn't learn one thing from Morrie (as  represented) that I hadn't heard from many other sources.  How many people  will make real changes to their lives based on Morrie's lessons?  Did Mitch  Ablom?  I doubt it.
0380973464|5.0|This book completely blew me away!  When I first got it, I was intimidated by the sheer size of the work, but as I worked through it, and the plot continued to evolve and progress, I was in awe at the way that Stephenson  took these many, scattered, fragmented plot segments and joined them into a  single underlying theme.  He hits the attitude of hackers everywhere right  on the head, with the paranoia and safety precautions taken by his  characters, both in the World War II pltolines and the present day.  His  ideas about Bletchley Park, German U-Boats, and Arethusa are so well  researched and developed that I'm still not toally sure what is real and  what is fiction.  Absolutely, without a doubt, one of the 10 best books  I've ever read.  I'd recommend this to anyone, without a second thought.
B000000OF6|4.0|I don't know anybody who doesn't like &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot; or know of anybody who has never heard &quot;We Will Rock You/We Are the Champions.&quot;  If you like Queen, you need this album.  And since  everybody likes Queen, everybody needs this album. I was a little hesitant  because I didn't know any of the songs on the second CD, but the newer work  is even more like rock n roll, and it sounds great.  There are a few weak  songs, but there is more than enough great music like &quot;Innuendo&quot;  and &quot;One Vision&quot;.  This album proves once again that the best  music is made in England.
B000002C1W|5.0|I have ready many reviews on this cd and founds some interesting things out here.  Alot of people have stated things like this &quot;if this was a cd by another band would you still say it was bad ?&quot;  It is important  to realize that one does often get much more critical of someone for whom  you have come to expect great things from.  An example can come from your  kids.  I expect my kids to be on better behavior than other kids at times  because I have taught them to be.  Many bands incuding FLoyd suffer from an  image that their fans have placed on them.  It is unfair at times because  these are just men who do the best they can and have every intention of  pleasing the fans.  It also could be said that it is not fair for me to  expect my kids to act any different than ohter kids.  I really believe that  this album is just as good as any Floyd album with the exeption of a couple  of their 70's cds.  I realize they are a few songs that deserve to be  knocked, but hey wake up--every Floyd album has a weak track or two.  Well  almost every Floyd album (DSOTM,WYWH,TDB) are fawless in their entirety.   THis album may be a simpler Floyd in many respects but you must understand  that this band was completely reliant on Roger Waters for nearly all the   lyrics and most of the music.  I love David Gilmour's voice and I don't  worry so much about the lack of diversity in the cd because it just sounds  so beautiful.  I guess I would compare my feelings for this cd to my kids  once again,  even if my kids do some things that irritate me,  I still love  them and would never forsake them.  I know that they try and it is good  enough for me.  wow what a blessing Floyd has been to me and now my kids  even like them.  God bless and have a great evening everyone.
B000022TSY|4.0|Easy Rider is one of those movies that lurks somewhere in your past like the slap of an abusive parent! Where living for the moment become an obsession, your life's work!  Of course you know the end is just around  that corner! When the &quot;Vacancy&quot; sign will be turned off in your  face for the last time!
B000002A3T|5.0|I would include this cd in  my personal top five Floyd albums ever.  I love Roger and understand that he is responsible for nearly every Floyd song ever done prior to Momentary Lapse but I don't care. I like this cd  and I don't think I will be shy and whine about Roger being gone like alot  of these reviews that I have read.  I guess I respect alot of you who knock  the band for these recordings without Waters in a way,  but I refuse to be  a part of it.  My favorite songs are Take It Back,  Lost For Words, High  Hopes and Coming Back To Life.  If we could have been lucky enough to have  Roger and Dave together with all of their ideas for Amused TO Death and  Division Bell it would have been my third favorite album ever by Floyd.  As  a matter of a fact if I could just make a single ten song album using both  cds it would be my third favorite just doing that and leaving the songs as  they are.  If I could I would add from Amused-What God Wants pt.1,  Three  Wishes and Watching Tv.  Those three most definatly and Division Bell would  have what it is missing--a few songs with some feeling and a nasty overtone  that only Roger is capable of.  Goodnight and may God bless you in your  life! ----ps: my favorite two albums are Wish You Were Here (#1) and Dark  Side Of The Moon (#2)
B00003CXDB|5.0|I want to first say that this is one of my favorite movies. This movie is about greed,deception,power,money,it shows that man will pretty much do anything to get to the top. It does'nt get much better than this. Michael  Douglas won a most rewarding oscar for the excellent performance he put on.  I am just getting very frustrated with the fact that this is still not  available on dvd yet. Please get this out soon! Thanks.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is the best movie I've seen in years, both Edward Norton and Brad Pitt were amazing. First of all if you haven't seen this movie, go see it! If you have then you already know it's unlike anything you've seen before.  After I saw it I left the theater and I just couldn't believe the slap in  the face. I don't want to spoil the movie for anyone...So I won't go into  any details about the story. It is very well made and the cinematography is  great. This is by far the most original movie I've ever seen. All I can say  is go and see it with an open mind and just sit back and enjoy the ride!
B00000JG41|5.0|Sweet Charity begins what ultimately is one of my favorite albums...ever.  Each song on this album is as sonically diverse and entertaining as an entire album alone.  Everything about it is done to perfection.  The  multi-layered musicianship is astounding.  The production quality is the  best I have ever heard--this album begs to be heard with headphones on.  If  there is a Dark Side of the Moon for the 90's, look no further.<br />Mr.  Bungle and their new album are that good.
B00000J2KX|5.0|I've just bought the DVD and, besides the poor quality of the video, but aceptable due to the age of the movie, it's simply excellent. I loved it. It's a must have in your DVD collection on horror movies.
B000023VTQ|2.0|There was a lot of hype before this movie came out about how it reunited Hugh Grant with the creative talents behind Four Weddings and a Funeral. Given that, I was really disappointed by this film. First, having Julia  Roberts essentially play herself while Hugh Grant plays a  &quot;nobody&quot; was weird; that scene at the end where they're supposed  to be at one of her movie premieres just looks like they'd shown up for the  gala opening of this movie! The pace of the film is deadly slow and,  contrary to other reviews I've seen, I just don't see any chemistry  whatsoever between Hugh and Julia. They looked like they'd be more  comfortable discussing the size of their cut of the movie's gross than  playing love scenes. Compare their scenes with those of Hugh and Andie  Macdowell in Four Weddings and you'll see what I mean. The supporting cast  of fine actors is reduced to stupid, self-pitying cameo scenes, except for  Rhys Infans. Just not much of a movie, romantic or otherwise. Only gets two  stars from me for the all-around level of competence of most of the cast.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I remember Santana from my 'hippie' days but never was a big fan and am not a fan of popular 'Latin' music.  However, Supernatural is an example of excellent musicianship.  The Latin flavor of this cd is mellow and blends  well with the various guests artist's styles.  But, what's with the rap on  &quot;Do You Like the Way&quot;?  It detracts from the flow of music.  I  suppose Carlos wanted this cd to be inclusive.  Supernatural is a great cd.   If you're not a Santana fan or your musical taste doesn't include Latin  style music, give Supernatural a listen. You'll most likely be pleasantly  suprised!
B000002H33|5.0|Sure Metallica may be a total disgrace today, but that doesn't change the fact that Master of Puppets is the greatest heavy metal album of all time.  This is the epitome of metal, the conclusion of all the experimenting by earlier bands and an untouchable precedent for everyone who has followed.   Master of Puppets is a standard that can never be matched.  Never.  The  nearest contenders are Slayer's Reign in Blood for its intense brutality,  Peace Sells by Megadeth for its wit and hauntingly comical feel, and  Blizzard of Ozz for its phenomenal musicianship, but none of them can touch  this one.  Master of Puppets has it all.  Every instrument plays to the top  of its potential, the lyrics are profound and sung with feeling and balls,  not whined out in a pathetic attempt to look artistic as they are today.  I  used to cry when I heard this album.  Every song is a masterpiece-  Sanitarium and Orion are alternately beautiful and devastating, The Thing  that Should Not Be and Leper Messiah have a strangely different feel to  their grinds that will make you listen hard, the title song is so complex  and fast that it'll leave you white-knuckled... the last three songs just  make you want to crack skulls with a nightstick.  Look around- you barely  see any reviews at all with less than the full five stars.  What are you  waiting for?  Hurry up and buy it!
0380713802|4.0|Neither here nor There was the first Byrson book I read, and have subsequently obsessively read all the others.  This is by far the funniest.  Avoid reading it in public, as others may find your sudden outbursts of  hysterical laughter grounds for you being admitted to a mental institution.  This book is not however for the easily offended
B00000IPAX|5.0|I just wanna say that this is a great CD and If you like Blink 182 you should purchase this album. Blink did a great job on this one. It features an awsome variety of songs like &quot;what's my age again?&quot; to the  hauntingly beautiful &quot;adam's song&quot;. &quot;All the small  things&quot; is a song that everyone can sing along with. I really do't  have a problem with them being on MTV because when they're on it's all  good. And I wish people would stop calling them pop, pop is mostly  no-talent stuff like bsb, britney, and n sync.<br />If you like this album you  should get Dude Ranch, it's just as good and has some great songs,too.  Thanks.
B00000DFRS|4.0|Whitney has still got the voice. The songs on the other hand get a little repetative. The upbeat tracks were probably designed to show a funkier Whitney and it works but the songs all sound alike. Her vocals soar on the  ballads, especially the haunting I Learned From the Best. I wish her  remixes of It's Not Right But It's Okay and My Love is Your Love were on  here but the album cuts are good. If you are a Whitney fan, you must own  this CD.
B00000JCB2|4.0|I love this cd. BreAk stuff is My fav. the only reason i diden't get this cd is because i cant. otherwise it is COOL
6305648522|1.0|The 170 minutes director's cut was not used for the DVD edition and the extra features were pathetic.  There were no interviews/discussions with or comments/observations/production information provided by anyone involved on  the film.  No comparative analysis was provided comparing the longer  version with the shorter version released in America.  To me, the longer  version was much more complex and resonated more emotionally than the  shorter version especially when the former lovers are not only reunited for  one night but Salvatore (Toto) discovers that Alfredo was directly  responsible for the separation because he passionately believed that  Salvatore would never fulfill his destiny unless he left home.  That is why  Alfredo's plea at the train station that Salvatore never return is more  poignant when the viewer realizes what Alfredo had done.  Salvatore finds  Elena indirectly through her daughter (played by the same actress who  played the young Elena).  This scene, by the way, where he sees her  daughter by chance is shown over the titles at the end in the theatrical  release but is missing in the DVD edition.  Final verdict:  Save your money  and wait for the director's cut to be issued on DVD.
6305428425|4.0|Romy and Michelle's High School Reunion, is kind of like a female version of &quot;Dumb and Dumber.  But, as Hollywood has always knows, DUMB IS FUNNY!   I laughed a lot during this movie; (especially the first half,  before they even get to the reunion!), and found it very entertaining in a  totally &quot;air-headed&quot; sort of way!  My husband, on the other hand,  literally suffered through it!  Therefore, my conclusion is:  THIS IS  DEFINITELY A (OH, I HATE TO USE THIS TERM, BUT HERE IT IS), CHICK FLICK!   The premise of the story is that these two women are preparing to go to  their ten year reunion, when they discover, (surprise, surprise!) that they  haven't accomplished a thing in those ten years!  So, they try to  &quot;reinvent&quot; themselves into &quot;succesful career women&quot; to  impress those snots in the &quot;A&quot; group, who always shunned them.   The premise is a good one; however, the movie does become a bit  unbelievable at times.  (Then again, this is not exactly a movie that is  SUPPOSED to be taken seriously)!  I apreciated the eighties soundtrack, as  anyone who came of age in the eighties probably would.  All in all? a very  funny movie, (for women in their twenties and thirties)!
B00003BDXG|5.0|I rented this DVD and I was truly amazed about how well this DVD actually turned out.  You can't beat the sound and video quality of NBK. I already had it on VHS buth this was definatly a DVD I had to own.<br />The extras make  it a great addition to the movie collection.
079213690X|3.0|I have nothing against Mel Gibson and nothing against historical movies (because I love them!), but I was rather disappointed by this pseudohistorical spectacle that is closer to such classical trashes like  Cleopatra or Spartacus than to the very best examples of the genre like The  War Lord, Ben Hur (without last 30 minutes) etc. Gibsons  &quot;modification&quot; of history is sometimes awful, but, on the other  hand, I must appreciate his direction of the action battle scenes and good  scenery. I understand that many people like this movie, but this really  isnt the best example of the genre. This is rather a  fairy-tale about  love of a heroic Scottish prince and a beautiful English princess and if  they didnt die, they lived eternally... Sorry.
B000002HHB|5.0|I agree with sodaqua that I May Know the Word is too long, but this album is far from mediocre. I had never even heard of the 10,000 Maniacs, so Natalie's voice was a new concept to me. The first time I heard her, she  reminded me of Stevie Nicks, because her voice was very deep, and she was  kind of hard to understand. The first song I ever heard by her was  Carnival. Thats when something weird happened. I went out and bought the  CD. I never buy things on instinct, and I have never heard something on the  radio and immediatly changed my direction to got to the record store and  buy the CD.  But this was different. Natalie Merchant's debut Tigerlily  remains a favorite of mine even 4 years after I bought the CD. Also, if you  like this CD, you might want to take a look at some of the 10,000 Maniacs  material.
B00003CWPR|5.0|One of the best films of the year.  Stanley Kubrick delivers another masterpiece, and   considering the options on the DVD release, I am sure NO one wants to see it Widescreen or in the Unrated version before Kubrick had  to digitally alter it!
0694515302|5.0|Rob,  This is the book I told you about.  Without a doubt, the core concepts to &quot;get you where you want to go&quot; are contained within.  Recmd the cassette tapes.
B000009QPE|5.0|Slayer has got to be one of the most epic metal bands ever. They have inspired alot of todays great acts. This is the band that Metallica should be! On Reign in Blood, you see just why this band are the GODS of Metal!  The songs are fast paced, storng lyricly, and musicly. Kerry King, Jeff  Hemermen, and Tom Aryia have had their share of drummers, but I think that  they put out some of thier best work with Dave Lambardo (or as I call him  master of the skins!) King and Hamerman are extramly tight, even on fast  paced songs such as raining blood, angel of death, and jesus saves. IF YOU  DON'T HAVE THIS ALBUM YET, WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU WAITING FOR!  You can't go  wrong!
B000002LLC|5.0|It's really no surprise that Sooner or Later won an Academy Award in 1990. The overall feel of the song is great, and Madonna's vocals are top rate.<br />If you too like the song, then you might want to check out the  video: Oscar's Greatest Moments 1971-1991 (which you can find on  amazon.com), where you get Madonna's full performance of the song. To risk  a pun, and to sound stupid, It left me breathless! She's very Marilyn  Monroe-ish, and it's just wonderful.<br />She didn't win an Oscar for this  song, Steven Soundheim did. Madonna should be up for HER OWN Oscar, for  &quot;Beautiful Stranger&quot; from Austin Powers. Granted, it's not Sooner  or Later, but she has it coming.
B000002HHB|5.0|I agree with sodaqua that I May Know the Word is too long, but this album is far from mediocre. I had never even heard of the 10,000 Maniacs, so Natalie's voice was a new concept to me. The first time I heard her, she  reminded me of Stevie Nicks, because her voice was very deep, and she was  kind of hard to understand. The first song I ever heard by her was  Carnival. Thats when something weird happened. I went out and bought the  CD. I never buy things on instinct, and I have never heard something on the  radio and immediatly changed my direction to got to the record store and  buy the CD.  But this was different. Though I heard Carnival first, it did  not take me long to realize that that was not near the best track on the  album. If you have just bought this CD, and you are holding it in your hand  saying, &quot;What do I do now? Which song should I listen to first?&quot;  Go immediatly to the first song, and then the second, and continue  listening to the tracks straight through. I guarantee that if you like  albums with meaningful lyrics and a great singer, then you will adore  Tigerlily. Natalie Merchant's debut Tigerlily remains a favorite of mine  even 4 years after I bought the CD. Also, if you like this CD, you might  want to take a look at some of the 10,000 Maniacs material.
B000000HHE|5.0|There are not that many albums in recent history that have left such an indellible mark on the industry than De La Soul's &quot;3 feet high and rising.&quot;  I have owned this CD for 10 years now (yes, the same CD) and  it is still one of my favorite albums to listen to.  It is still as  original today as it was back in 1989.  Truly a remarkable piece of work!   A must have for any collection.
B000002AGN|5.0|Dave Brubeck and Paul Desmond dare to leave 4/4 behind them on this album, tackling some of the more esoteric time signatures around.  &quot;Take Five&quot; was the hit here and deservedly so - I can count all the catchy  5/4 songs on my thumbs (this and the &quot;Mission Impossible&quot; theme  pretty much are it).  I always like &quot;Blue Rondo a la Turk&quot; and  &quot;Kathy's Waltz&quot;, but the whole album is excellently done.  Well  recommended to anyone who has any taste for jazz, or wants to learn more  about it.
B00000JPH5|5.0|Labyrinth must, without a doubt, be considered THE best movie ever produced.  A humorous yet sincere script combined with the artistic styles of Jim Henson and the unsurpassable acting ability of Jennifer Connelly and  David Bowie create an atmosphere of fantasy and paradoxal reality to give  any viewer a lifetime of happiness.  And now after what seems like forever  it has at last been re-released on video and all I can say is &quot;thank  you God!&quot;  Now, after many long months I can finally have the  masterpiece all to myself!  I would recommend this to anyone who has even  the slightest vestige of an imagination.  You will not be dissapointed!
B00000AFWW|3.0|It is now four years since the alternative-rock masterpiece `Live Through This' and now Courtney Love has decided to get back to making music again after becoming a Hollywood celebrity. The result is a more pop-orientated  record containing a couple of classics but also too many average songs. The  opening two tracks, `Celebrity Skin' and `Awful' are the best songs on the  album. The other brilliant songs are `Dying' and `Use Once And Destroy'  which show that Hole can do poppy and melodic rock songs that have moved on  from the tuneless but emotionally gripping `Pretty On the Inside'. The  latter sounds familiarly close to Smashing Pumpkins `Soma' in Courtney's  singing. However, a large number of fans from Hole's early days will miss  the jagged rage and pure emotion of Hole's first two albums that made them  so special to the listener. Nowadays Hole want to please the mainstream as  the album contains many songs that could become good singles on the radio.
6304466498|5.0|Funny. Funny Movie. Very Funny Movie. Good Actors. Good Producer. Pretty pointless but hilarius. Worth every penny. BUY IT NOW!  FUNNY. Did i already say that it was a funny movie?
B0000027RL|5.0|Ten is, at the very least, one of the top 10 albums in rock n' roll history--its millions and millions of owners can attest to that. Every song contained on the CD had the potential to be released as a single. It  needn't even be mentioned that this album contains the mega-hits  &quot;Jeremy&quot;, &quot;Evenflow&quot;, and &quot;Alive&quot;. Chances  are, if you've stumbled upon this page on the web, you either own it  already or don't own it, but know full-well what's on the CD. But for  safety's sake: this is a great album (as all of PJ's releases have been)  and you can't go wrong with this one.
B00001QGPR|3.0|David Bowie, naturally, has his past haunting him everytime he puts out an album - many people wonder what this &quot;genius&quot; will put out next.  HOURS... is not a work of genius, but is pretty good listening.  Most  uneven albums I own start off strong but finish weak - this one works the  other way.  The first two tracks are pretty round sailing - several times  during them, it sounds like Bowie's intentionally trying to sing off-key.   Things start picking up with &quot;Survive&quot;, and the ride is pretty  smooth from there on out.  Early favorites include &quot;The Pretty Things  Are Going to Hell&quot;, &quot;Seven&quot; and the intriguing instrumental  &quot;Brialliant Adventure&quot;.  It won't change your life, but it may  brighten your day.
B000002UUX|5.0|I find this to be great disk. Still listen to it. It shows the band at it's peak. Sad to see Friedman leave in 2000, must guess the reason is rooted in the loss of balls with latter releases. You cant make a much  better disk for aggressive/metal/thrash than this. All fans of real metal  should have this in the collection.
B000002HAF|5.0|The influence the Pixies had in their short existence was phenomenal. The raw energy coming from the debut full-length album 'Surfer Rosa' changed alternative music almost instantly. The band were never a huge commercial  success but critical acclaim was given in abundance. Many music  publications awarded 'Surfer Rosa' album of the year for the short, catchy  songs throughout the recording. `Gigantic' became the most well known  Pixies song at the time and `Bone Machine' became the template for  Nirvana's `Smells Like Teen Spirit'. The songs were played at an  astonishing rate, most hitting under the two minute mark, as the band felt  songs shouldn't outstay their welcome.
B00001QEE7|5.0|I thought that the DVD was fine!  I love this movie and that's all that matters.  Sure the extras would've been a nice touch but you can't ask for everything.  I was impressed with the transfer and the dolby digital sound.  No complaints here!
B000002H2H|5.0|i think that this is one of the best albums that they have made.  they put alot in to there music
B000002O51|2.0|I found a copy of this album cheap somewhere, and so picked it up on the strength of &quot;Amanda&quot;, which I had always liked.  That song remains the best song here - unfortunately, nothing quite matches it.   &quot;Cantcha Say&quot; is pretty good - a catchy number, but the rest  didn't make much impression on me.  They all tend to sound alike, tend to  sound like...well, like Boston (this album took SIX years to complete? ).   It didn't help to have &quot;My Destination&quot; sound (presumably by  design) sound just like &quot;Amanda&quot;, either.  If you're looking for  a Boston purchase, most people will point you towards their first release,  and I won't stand in their way.
B000002HJR|5.0|This album is remarkable southern blend to the point metal. I still play this CD. It's better in my opinion than anything from COC or Pantera. Except maybe Coyboys from Hell. Guitars flow well from song to song. The  lyrics have meaning. All I can say is 1 disk is not enough.
B000002NG7|4.0|A return to form for the uniquely talented Faith No More which turned out to be their last record before breaking up. Although not reaching the dizzy heights of 1992?s ?Angel Dust?, there are a fair share of classic Faith No  More tracks on offer. Opener ?Collision? sets the mood for the album with  its unpredictable and jerking metal. Second track ?Strip Search? goes into  a completely different direction to confuse the listener even more with its  space-age landscape. The album?s greatest strength is that the songs are so  diverse and compelling you never know what to expect, something that many  US alternative bands should do more often. ?Last Cup Of Sorrow? continues  this trend with what sounds like a cowbell as it?s main hook line. At times  the album can be frustrating, witness ?Home Sick Home? which goes nowhere  and ?She Love?s Me Not? sticking out like a sore thumb. The production  sounds flat and uninspiring at times but the quality of the songs shine  through, resulting in the most consistent and enjoyable album Faith No More  have released in years. Faith No More still prove to be one of the most  influential and genius bands of the last 10 years.
0788811363|2.0|I went to see this film with hardly any expectations, except that the film was an Academy Award winner, therefore there must be at least some merit to it.  I quickly found out that the film's true merit lay in the  cinematography.  The story was fairly predictable and I found nothing to  like in any of the characters.  I soon grew bored with the movie, but  unfortunately, it lasts for two hours and forty minutes.  (I mean, Lawrence  of Arabia--a movie The English Patient so desperately wants to be--lasts  for four-plus hours, and comparitively, the time flew while I watched it.)  Viewing this film in the theater caused me to coin a new term: English  Patient Syndrome.  The simple definition is the condition which occurs  when, while watching a dull motion picture, one believes his/her watch's  batteries are running low, because it couldn't have *only* been five  minutes ago that he/she checked it.
6305750750|5.0|This was a good movie, maybe not as good as the others , but it could not have had all the great characters of the other films which we all have grown to love and still made sense.  Ok so Jar jar was overboard and I  think they should have had an older Anakin in it (it hard to believe all  that he did in this movie at his age). There were also some inconsistancies  with the other Star Wars movies ( I thought Obi Wan was trained by Yoda!).  But all in all it was a great movie with awesome special effects.
B00002Z88D|5.0|It is amazing with the quanitity of albums that metallica has turned out that they are still able to create a double cd set as good as this one.  Any fan will find this an addition to their collection that they could not  possibly be without!
B000005RTG|3.0|Why does everyone insist on over-rating these marginal mid-70's Purple albums?  Yeah, this one has some pretty good tunes on it, but 4 or 5 stars worth? You have to be kidding.<br />It is a lot better than  &quot;Strombringer&quot; I think because Purple found themselves a genuine  funk guitarist in Bolin rather than forcing Blackmore to pretend he was  funky.  Bolin does add some genuine excitement to some of this material,  despite the fact that it is often burdened with iffy vocals from Hughes and  Coverdale's typically cliched and silly lyrics.<br />All things considered,  you'd be better off with either of Bolin's solo albums.  &quot;Private  Eyes&quot; and &quot;Teaser&quot; both leave this stuff in the dust.  For  that matter, most of Whitesnake's pre-hair metal output is better than  this, too (albeit with considerably less intersting guitarwork).
0679457313|5.0|This wonderful and outstanding book is a poem written in prose, a story of love and hate, of faithfulness and treachery. This is a novel about genuine affection and its price in the cruel world. Fourteen nights of love costed  two immediate deaths and at least three distorted lives: does such a  balance make any sense? An answer is etched even in composition of the  novel. The last chapter of the book, its end and pinnacle, gives the  answer: we see the fortnight through the eyes of a man and a woman who are  in love, but who understand their doomed fate, and this makes every moment  of their intimacy priceless. They discern the significance of the Small  Things (even a life of a minute spider, a mute witness of their passion),  they realize the meaning of Tomorrow. A cause of the tragical events is not  the love that breaks all racial and social barriers but these barriers  themselves and the hatred generated by them. Take care of Small Things of  human delicate happiness in this still ruthless world, - tells us Ms Roy's  beautiful novel, - and believe in Tomorrow despite everything.  <br />Influenced by William Faulkner, Ms Arundhati Roy's moving poetic style  successfully supplements Salmon Rushdie's derisive 'magical realism',  giving trustworthy picture of Indian life. 'The God of Small Things' is the  first novel of the author and (undoubtedly) her great achievement. I wish  her next book to be even better (though now I really do not know what can  be better).
B000002UJQ|5.0|One of the best albums I own.  It's an acquired taste, and when I first heard it, I didn't really like it.  But once it grows on you, you can't let go of it.  Every song is amazing, and there's lots of hidden messages and  themes left for us to decipher.  I have listened to this album all the way  through (no skipping) probably about ten times (I just purchased it).  It  is amazing, and it's the only album that I *must* complete every time I  listen to it.  I can't just play one song and that's that.  It has to be  all or nothing.<br />It also has many similarities to popular culture, such as  to the films &quot;Fight Club&quot;, &quot;1984&quot; (also the book), and  &quot;The Hitchiker's Guide to the Galaxy&quot;.  This makes for an even  more interesting listen.<br />Own it.  NOW!
B00000K0E5|5.0|Okay, here I go. It is definately the BEST James Bond of them all! The plot is great, the acting is great, and the characters are perfect too! Alec Trevelyan (a.k.a. 006) is the coolest! All the actors play their parts  perfectly, making it a GREAT movie! I have seen almost every James Bond  movie (save the Roger Moore ones, yuck! He was BLONDE for crying out loud!)  and GoldenEye is the best!
B000002L1L|2.0|This is a pretty steep dropoff from \\"Perfect Strangers\\" and \\"House of Blue Light\\" which were already a steep dropoff from the glory days of the early 70's. Blackmore seems to be about out of ideas (confirmed by his subsequent bailout and move to acoustic Renaissance music) and Gillan's vocals are multi-tracked and mixed into oblivion. Nevertheless, fans of the classic lineup will find a few nice moments here. The title track and \\"Anya\\" are about as good as anything they did in the 80's, but the remaining tracks are mostly uninspiring (and sometimes difficult to tell apart).
6305750750|5.0|Well, what can I say? Storyline wise this is an inventive and origonal peice of cinematic brilliance. The special effects were great, with the Pod-Racing scene being the most absorbing. The acting by Liam Neeson and  Ray Park was convincing and realistic, and it finished with a  cliff-hanger!  If you haven't seen it, WHY?  One of last years best  films. Brilliant!
6302206286|5.0|I thought this was a great representation of Robin Hood. Aside from some hokey moments, like when Fanny joins the fight (I mean, C'mon!), it was great. Of course, Alan Rickman stole the show as usual, and some of his  preformance ended up on the cutting room floor. Kevin Costner was good, and  I think it would have been worse if he attempted an accent and kept  slipping in and out, which I'm sure he would have done.
B00000DC10|5.0|WOW!  This album is pure revolution. This is music to protest to. I play this for my friends and they just sit and say wow. The mix of Punkand metal with a touch of techno makes a winner.
B000003CMB|5.0|In 1971 Duane Allman was interviewed on KSAN-FM in San Francisco while on tour. He played My Funny Valentine from Miles Davis Greatest Hits LP to show how Miles' trumpet playing influenced his guitar playing. Miles called  it getting under the note while Duane called it hitting the note. This  shows The Allman Brothers to be great musicians playing great music.
B0000009S3|5.0|Don't pay attention to the what was written by some critic on this page. It just goes to show those guys have next to no clue of what they're saying. Truth is, this is one of Zappa's most enjoyable albums, filled with  talent and great music. As the booklet says, it's a &quot;movie for your  ears&quot;. If you're a music purist and a Zappa fan, you'll dig this one.  You bet.
B000002UCQ|3.0|Regarded by many as Harrison's masterpiece and by many others as arguably the greatest solo Beatle album, err.....it's a little disapointing.  There's some great songs here, though many are as good as ruined either by  Spector's production (the title track does not need that brass riff, and  'Hear Me Lord' gets drowned) or by over-lengthy arrangements (both 'Isn't  It A Pity's and 'Wah-Wah'). The simpler tunes work the best: 'What Is  Life?', 'My Sweet Lord', 'Behind That Locked Door',and 'Beware Of Darkness'  are all first-rate. As everyone else has said, the jamming tracks are a  bore and the whole shebang needs remastering/remixing/repackaging (take  your pick!). I can't help but feeling George could have presented his  Beatles-era song stockpile more convincingly because it could/should have  been a great album.
B000031WD9|2.0|Boys trying to lose their virginity, girls waiting for the right time, moment etc.  The same old cat and mouse high school antics. The plot only deals with sex.  Good ending though.  This film is not for anyone under 16,  or over 21.  Though it has it's moments, (the laxative scene) a comedy it's  not! It is a teeny porn film disguised as a comedy.  If I were a 16-21 year  old as opposed to a father with impressionable sons, this would be a great  film.  Although it's not graphic visually, the dialogue is very graphic. It  could have been done more tastefully, and the message at the end would have  had more effect.
6300263673|5.0|A romantic novel with pictures.  Its not a 'deep' movie, nor do I believe it was supposed to be.  Its just a feel good movie for us hopeless romantics...much like 'Pretty Woman' was.  I would love to see a director  'pair' Gray &amp; Swayze together again...maybe a return visit to  'Kellermans' with the rest of the cast.
078062999X|5.0|This is, by far, the best film version of 'Hamlet' ever made. All of the film's stars give magnificent performances. Also, I think it's the only uncut version on film, so if you're into accuracy, this film is the one.
0385484518|4.0|The book is very enlighting if you can appreciate how one view's his/her life in a positive way even during a tragic event.
630575067X|4.0|Who hasn't dreamed of being in space as a kid? Can you remember the worlds you created in your back garden with your friends? Well, George Lucas does. <br />     There is no deep meaning to this movie, the story line is merely a  guide for the special effects. A whole new universe is created in this  movie, another way of life. It's a pleasure to watch the movie, even with  the sound off.<br />     If you're watching this movie for social  enlightenment or suggestions to the meaning of life, you're going to be  dissapointed. This movie is eye candy. It's so pleasing to watch just  because you don't have to think while doing so.<br />     Most special effects  in movies seem like they're made by a kid who recently figured out how to  animate on his/her new computer. Lucas has style and know-how. These are  not wasted special effects. They're not thrown around or wasted  pointlessly, they're used when the situation calls for them, and never in  excessive amounts.<br />     If you liked the first three (or should I say  last three) you'll love this souped up version. Todays technology has given  Industrial Light and Magic (Lucas' production company) a new instrument,  but it seems like they've had this tool for years, because they definently  know what to do with it.<br />     If you're looking for romance or comedy or  intellectual stimulation, you may want to avoid this movie, but if you want  something good to look at, this is a must-buy.
B000031WD9|5.0|Very , very funny...worth the price, everyone will laugh at this dare I say &quot;Animal House&quot; style film.  Great video, great actors, spank the monkey funny.
630575067X|5.0|OK - at 20 years old, whne the originals came out I was too young to see them in the movie theater. This was incredible. I think those who hated this movie wanted some kind of Sci-Fi religious experience, not a movie,  made to be enjoyed by the whole family. Jar Jar Binks may have been  annoying to some people, but the kids I know loved him. This is a MOVIE.  Not some kind of Sci-Fi convention. It was meant to be enjoyed, not  analysed, and I enjoyed it very much.
B000002UDG|4.0|Paul McCartney often wondered if young fans might remember him as &quot;the man from Wings,&quot; as if his solo work could be enjoyed without treading on his (and the world's) musical legacy. The answer  (fortunately for all concerned) is still no, but the hits (including nine  No. 1s!) gathered on &quot;All The Best' create a  relaxed sequel to the  Beatles' artistic and commercial frenzy.<br />McCartney never forgot the  lessons learned before and from the Beatles. He still offered some wry  observations while rocking hard (&quot;Jet,&quot; &quot;Junior's  Farm,&quot; the live &quot;Coming Up&quot;) build song-story suites  (&quot;Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey,&quot; &quot;Band On The Run&quot;) or  paste his impeccable melodic sense onto others' styles (the discofied  &quot;Silly Love Songs,&quot; the even more discofied &quot;Goodnight  Tonight.&quot;) The ballads comfort and the uptempo tunes carry just enough  weight to avoid going over the top (of the charts, that is). Generally,  &quot;All The Best&quot; makes a solid second chapter to a (thankfully)  ongoing musical legend.
B00001U03Q|3.0|It may be indicative of more of his contemporary work, but 'The Clapton Chronicles' is even more an indicator of how great Clapton's early works are than just some hodgepodge collection of adult-radio hits.  I do like a  number of individual songs from this disc and, unlike the amazon.com  reviewer's own thoughts, think the version of 'Layla' from MTV's Unplugged  session is an excellent counterpoint to the Derek &amp; The Dominos'  original.  However, some of the stuff is pretty weak (as were much of the  albums that these songs were from) by any standards, made all the more  painful by the fact it's Slowhand himself performing this.  I suppose  there's enough coverage of the Cream and Blind Faith era, and even of his  meanderings in the '70s, so it was inevitable that an '80s/'90s greatest  hits disc was in the cards.  But by and large it's a collection that's a  far cry from his best, most creative work.
B000005IRG|5.0|All I can say is that at the tender age of 17, older friends had turned me away from formula rock by giving me albums by Roxy Music, Bob Marley, Brian Eno, etc. When Peter Gabriel went on his first solo tour (with Fripp  playing offstage on a stool), it was the opening act, Television, that  utterly changed my musical life. I'll never forget it. (I had to lie to  parents to drive 120 miles to Dallas). And this record is a complete  masterpiece of intelligent genre-busting. Richard Hell's departure was the  best thing that could have happened to both him and the band.
6305627347|5.0|This movie is awful...and I love it so!  I am a big fan of the tv series so how could I not like this movie.  It's really not a childrens flick but for all you adults out there...  One of the many hilarious things about  this movie is that they got George Clooney to do the voice of Dr. Gouache.   This movie is a laugh out loud riot.
B00001ZULV|2.0|i am disgusted by this cd. yeah genesis was good but what made them good can be summed up in 5 words. peter gabriel and steve hackett. these two made genesis and they lost a lot when they left. this title is a bad intro  to the band. if you want real genesis buy &quot;the lamb....&quot; and even  though they are phil era &quot;wind and wuthering&quot; and &quot;trick of  the tail&quot; great albums.
0425170349|5.0|I think Rainbow Six was Clancy's best.  I loved the non-stop action.  It's a book you just can't put down.  Executive Orders has a better plot but Rainbow Six has better action parts and more of them.
B00002Z88D|5.0|whats up with everyone dissin this cd? just listen to the music and quit lookin at every detail i swear people miss out on somthing good by doin that. this cd is awesome....i never really thought james really sounded  that good live but here he really does ...especially on noleaf clover which  is one of metallica's best songs. enter sandman sounds amazing on here..as  does until it sleeps and master of puppets and thing that should not be and  memory remains ...for whom the bell tolls is  too good....where is king  nothing and the unforgivens? and turn the page? and of wolf and man was  also awesome.....hammetts playing is awesome!  ok u get the picture!
0783217048|5.0|This movie is one of those rare perfect films. Casting is brilliant (especially Stockard Channing, who only gets better and better as the years go by--and she was always totally incapable of less than a fantastic  performance). The general plot line of the movie is a congenial road trip,  as three drag queens drive from New York City to California to compete in a  contest, and the themes are fulfilling.<br />In essence, the movie deals with  the healing of &quot;broken people.&quot; (For other such films, see such  gems as &quot;Batteries Not Included&quot; and &quot;Fried Green  Tomatoes.&quot;) The unlikely angels? The three drag queens. The situation?  Their car breaks down in a red-neck hamlet. Unlikely hijinks and dangerous  confrontations lead to a satisfying conclusion.<br />And Julie Newmar was  never better!
0060926317|2.0|First off, I think Marlo Morgan is a genius.  Except her intelligence does not lay in her supposed &quot;experience&quot; in the outback but with her ability to tap into the heart beat of America's needy culture and see  exactly what it is thirsy for.  Both Australia and new age philosophy have  been the &quot;flavor of the month&quot; for the average American for quite  some time now, and I'm sure it was simple for Ms Morgan for create a simply  written piece of &quot;fiction&quot; that would easily find its place upon  the bookshelves of every major bookstore in the country. If the aboriginals  are so brillant, WHY did they choose her?
B000002J09|5.0|... well crafted melodies, seamless intertwining of completley different musical styles, and epics-a-plenty.  <br />  Almost 30 years after this album's release, it's still riding high in rock fan's CD rotations, rock  radio is still playing 5 or 6 songs off this album on a regular basis, and  these guys remain among the best at their respective fields in all of  music.   <br />  I'm not going to re-hash the glory of Stairway To Heaven,  it's not the greatest song ever, simply the most well-known.  Sure, it's  probably ZEPPELIN's best, a deftly-executed folk-to-jazzy-to-hard rock epic  that spawned imitators from Free Bird to Bohemian Rhapsody.  It's  definitley the best song Zeppelin's done.  But that doesn't discount the  other work either.     When the Levee Breaks is an album-closing showcase  of thundering drumming and a masterful blues-rock fusion you won't hear  anywhere else, ever again.  Rock and Roll and Misty Mountain Hop are two  concise, catchy tunes, Black Dog still stumps aspiring guitarists to this  day with it's complex riffing, and Battle Of Evermore and Going to  California satisify the need for a lil downhome folk.  <br />  Basically, Led  Zep IV ties in their previous albums into a single, monolothic effort that  would never be truly replicated again.  It won't appeal to everyone, and 30  years on, it does sound slightly dated, but that's expected.  The very fact  that this was probably one of the 3 most influental albums in rock makes it  worth a look.
038532653X|5.0|I found this story to be quietly dark and yet somehow comforting. I loved the quirky vagueness of reality because this is frequently how life is; vague and uncertain. I think that this mysteriousness of life is also well  represented in this story. I was never quite sure where it was going to go  next. Somehow this book makes some of the darkness in which we all live a  bit more familiar and I found that I developed an odd sense of security  about living with uncertainty. I liked the way that the story remained on  the child's perspective of this exploration of uncertainty.
B000002LEM|4.0|For most people under the age of, say, 30, the Sammy Hagar era of Van Halen is best remembered by such poppy diddys as 'Right Now' or the dead-toned flat-footed retread known as the album 'Balance'.  Those who  fondly remember the good old David Lee Roth balls-to-the-wall rocking days  should also remember that Hagar accomplished this style early on, as well.  5150 is a great example of this, and OU812, it's follow-up, is quite  possibly the best Van Hagar album.<br />  OU812 starts with the pop-rock of  Mine All Mine, which finds Sammy trying something he usually wasn't good  at; being meaningful.  OU812 has it's slower tunes as well, but  uncharistically, they're among the album's best, not worst.  Eddie kicks  his guitar into high gear on Source of Infection, but an avid fan can tell  that he's running out of ideas and beginning to re-use old licks.  Pop  sensibility steps in again on the classics Finish what Ya Started and Black  and Blue, and the album closes with a cover of an old blues song, pulled  off quite nicely considering the participants.<br />OU812 is a fine overall  album, with only a couple weak spots.  This was the last album Van Halen  would put out before their slide into formulaic, predictable boringness.  Thankfully, VHIII is a decent slice of originality, it's worth checking out  too.
B000002H2H|5.0|I do not think this is their best album. Their best(Actually I mean &quot;The Best&quot;.) album is, of course, MASTER OF PUPPETS. But it does not mean this cd is bad. Never! RTL is really innovative, wild, heavy and  fast.(but not as sophisticated as MOP)  I have always loved their three  first CDs, and I will. If you have open mind to loud music, try this. You  will never regret.
B000002WYT|5.0|2 BAD I CAN ONLY TYPE IN A THOUSAND WORDS. THIS CD AND ALL OF THEIRS DESERVES A THOUSAND STARS. IF YOU ARE WONDERING TO BUY THIS CD, BYE IT. IT MAKES YOU FEEL GOOD AND ONE OF MANY DMB'S CD'S TO HELP YOU JUST MELLOW OUT.  WHEN YOU NEED TO RELAX AND JUST THINK AND LET YOUR WORRRRRRRIES JUST PASS  YOU BY, THIS IS THE CD. IF YOU LIKE A MIX OF DIFFERENT MUSIC THIS IS THE CD  TO BUY. I REALLY DO'NT LIKE A MIX, BUT IF YOU DO, THIS IS THE ONE TO BUY.  I'M SO LUCKY TO HAVE THE NAME DAVE &lt;SHEDS TEAR&gt;, BUT IT'S SAD THAT  HARDLY ANYONE, AND I MEAN HARDLY ANYONE MY AGE LIKES DMB. OF COURSE, I'M  14, BUT IT FEELS GOOD TO BE UNIQUE. WELL.....NOW I'M JUST TYPING WHAT I  THINK. SORRY. WELL, IF YOU'RE INTERESTED, WHICH YOU'RE PROBABLY NOT, I ALSO  LIKE THE SMASHING PUMPKINS, FOO FIGHTERS, EVERCLEAR, BUSH, A LITTLE JIMI  HENDRIX, SOME NIRVANA, A TOUCH OF COUNTING CROWS, AND A BIT OF COLLECTIVE  SOUL. I LIKE MORE, BUT YOU GOTTA E-MAIL ME TO FIND OUT.   -DAVE, BUT YOU  KNEW THAT
B00000IMYA|5.0|I respected Duke Ellington until I heard this CD. Now I understand why he is celebrated as one of the greatest.  The energy is so hot in this recording, the solos incredible. Best place to begin and/or end in  collecting the Duke.  Don't bother with the original release with only one  CD in it, not worth the money compared to this. The vast majority of that  first release was re-done in the studio.  This is the freshest music I've  ever heard!  Right up there in my list of must-have CD's with Kind of Blue  (Miles Davis).
B0000009RT|5.0|This is a great album, with many stupendous high points.  It begins with many short songs in conventional song form which feature great, often brilliant lyrics, and superb musical performances.  The album ends with  some long, free form pieces which are not to everyone's taste but are  undeniably adventuresome, by today's standards.  In 1966 they were  unfathomably innovative.  The short songs are often very funny and the  lyrics are consistently sharp, pointed, biting and not dated at all for  what is going on today.  This album a towering musical achievement and  quite enjoyable to listen to.
1556154844|3.0|Although &quot;Code Complete&quot; is in many respects a worthwhile compilation of experience that is otherwise difficult to find in one place, when it comes to specifics of C programming its virtues are marred by  numerous errors and un-C-like style. It is clear that the author had little  experience, and was rather uncomfortable, with the language. Classic  beginner blunders like incorrect end of file tests, macros which produce  syntax errors in some contexts, sequence point errors, and confusion about  null pointers are generously represented. We are advised to use names which  begin with underscores (in ignorance of the C standard) and  &quot;cute&quot; macros like &quot;#define AND &amp;&amp;&quot; which  experienced C programmers hold in low regard for good reasons.<br />Granted,  this is not written as a C programming text.  Still, there is lots of  C-specific advice and C programming examples, and readers deserve a more  professional treatment.  Given the popularity of this book it would be nice  to see its flaws corrected in a second edition. In the meantime read it for  its general advice, but learn your C from the experts. (Kernighan &amp;  Ritchie, Harbison &amp; Steele, and Steve Summit's book length FAQ won't  lead you wrong.)
078401115X|5.0|This has to be one of the finest movies ever made!  Not only does it look fantastic (Alan Parker at his best) but it has the characterisation and story to complement it.  The music is suitably atmospheric, and the art  direction chlostrophobically creepy (exactly as is imagined in the book).   The best British directed film made in America (close competition provided  by American Beauty - Sam Mendes) ever!   If anybody disagrees - their  wrong.  No question.
6305750750|4.0|&quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; is a good action packed film. When viewing the film you'll meet new characters and meet some old (in their younger selves). The Venerable Jedi Knight Qui-Gon Jinn and his student Obi-Wan  Kenobi debark on a journey to save the peacful planet Naboo and their  beautiful young ruler Queen Amidala. They wind up on Tatooine where they  meet young Anakin Skywalker, who is unusually strong with the force. They  go on a big adventure you'll never forget. <br />While this is like the other  &quot;Star Whars&quot; films, there are significant differences. The light  saber(a Jedi weapon) is used much more, and seems more elegant than ever.  It as well introduces the first lead parts portrayed by younger people (in  &quot;star Wars&quot; films that is). Take Jake Lloyd, who played young  anakin, he had a lot of spunk, and really brought a different feeling to  the film. And Natalie Portman, who like Carrie Fischer (Princess Lea) had  the ability, even though she's young, to play a leader, and is a great  actress. <br />The movie was very suspensful at times. Especially during the  climactis lightsaber battle between Obi-Wan, Qui-Gon, and The evil sith  villan, Darth Maul. the steps were coriographed well and looked very good  on film. You never knew what to expect. <br />All in all, I'm impressed with  the film. George Lucas and his Crew did an exceptionally well job.       --Brian
078401115X|5.0|This has to be one of the finest movies ever made!  Not only does it look fantastic (Alan Parker at his best) but it has the characterisation and story to complement it.  The music is suitably atmospheric, and the art  direction clostophobically creepy (exactly as is imagined in the book).   The best British directed film made in America (close competition provided  by American Beauty - Sam Mendes) ever!   If anybody disagrees - their  wrong.  No question.
0393312836|1.0|After reading this book I fail to see any kind or redeaming value that would constitute it being called a &quot;classic&quot; or &quot;a work of art&quot;.  The biggest problem that I felt it had was that if the same  content would have been written by another author, it would have been  called pornogrophy but because it was by Burgess it is called classic  literature.  Beating helpless people, raping women, and drinking some kind  of spiked milk should not be something that is glamorized, but it should be  something hidden with the rest of the works such as this trash.  If a woman  is raped and purposefully hurt now in a work of literature, it is seen as  some kind of foul scene, but here, because the youths in the book seem to  have no sense of right and wrong it is seen as alright.  There is something  wrong with this.  I only gave it one star because I had to for the form to  post.  Otherwise it would have received none from me.
0312243022|5.0|This was an exceptional work of fiction.   while the style paralleled that of V. Wolfe,  Cunningham enriches the text with his unique perspective of life in the early 20th Century.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Oh boy...I just listened to the Gravity of Love single...and it struck me right to the core...so powerful and emotional...as all of Michael Cretu's work.  I've always liked that Micheal has changed the style for each of his  albums...so much more diversified...life long fans of Michael cretu have  always noticed his flare for newer, differant things...from Sandra,  Cretu/Thiers, and Cretu...all amazing work that he has done with so many  people...this work should be just as good as the others have been for  me...he is truly and amazing artist...though...his wife Sandra, I can give  her such gratitude for her voice...BUY THIS ALBUM...NOW!
B00000J7J4|5.0|It is simple; the best work from Santana since Caravanserai and Welcome. A truly masterpiece from a living legend. All through his career Carlos has been probably the most underated musician of this era. He is truly a guitar  genius (listen to the the crying guitar on Samba pa ti on the album Abraxas  and the Grammy winner soulful and psicodelic Blues for Salvador on the same  titled album)and you will know who Carlos Santana is. On a personal note to  Carlos, thank you for all the memories and GOD blesss you and your family.
B00000DMJF|5.0|This is a great album written and performed by the Beatles. Each song has a new sound and the order in which they are placed will have you listening with an attentive ear. Wonderful poetry is expressed on songs such as  &quot;Happiness is a Warm Gun,&quot; while pure emotion is apparent on  &quot;Helter Skelter,&quot; and &quot;Julia.&quot; Be sure to check this  one out if you are a fan of the Beatles.
B000000OPU|4.0|With So, Gabriel contiues to grow as an artist.  Featuring Red Rain, That Voice Again, Sledgehammer, BIg Time, and In Your Eyes, So maintains the standard of high quality from the previous two releases with a certain pop  appeal. To me, Gabriel's best momment was with San Jacinto, and with the  entire third album, but this was a great achievement.  Check out Passion  for a true return to form.
B000002UAR|5.0|This is by far the best album the Beatles ever produced. Each song has its own style, and each changed the face of rock music. From &quot;Taxman&quot; with its rockin' roots to &quot;Here There and Everywhere,&quot; a  beautiful McCartney ballad. This album is an integral part of any rock  fan's collection!
B000001E29|1.0|We have been Waits fans for years and love most of his work. After listening to this and not listening to it for several years my husband finally traded it at a used record store. We have a house full of records,  tapes and CD's but this is the only one we have ever disliked enough to get  rid of.
6302186161|5.0|I love the dirty harry movies. I especially like sudden impact when at the end he says &quot;let the girl go punk&quot;
B00000IARU|5.0|This is not a review of Joni Mitchell's BLUE album, an acknowledged five-star-plus masterpiece. Rather, since I own three versions of this CD, including this expensive DCC version, I thought I'd write a helpful review for those considering this gold disk purchase.<br />The three versions of Blue I own are: 1) Reprise 2038-2, 2) Reprise 2038-2/HDCD 3) DCC GZS-1132 (gold disk). I played each CD back through a very expensive high-end stereo system. The digital front end included a dedicated transport and Audio Alchemy DTI PRO 32 in 20-bit mode and a AA DDE 3.0 DAC. The 20-bit enhancement was turned off during HDCD playback (which it has to be for HDCD to work).  Associated playback equipment:  Plinius 8150 amp and Dynaudio 1.8MkII speakers.<br />First, let me say that most normal human beings with average stereos will be perfectly happy with the generic BLUE disk. You can hear the famous sustain pedal lift on the song \\"Blue\\" better, in fact, on the Reprise non-HDCD version (maybe some compression?). The HDCD version sounds somewhat better (smoother). I was mainly listening to the quality of Joni's vocals during the listening sessions, however.<br />That said, the DCC gold CD produces superior vocals. Joni's vocals have a round, three dimensional \\"tubey\\" sound that floats in front of you and never sounds the least bit shrill (which the vocals on the Reprise non-HDCD do, but only in comparison). The vocals take on a beautiful luster. It's hard to describe why the DCC disk sounds better. The sound is more LP-like, without losing resolution or dynamics.<br />Is is worth the extra money for the DCC version? If you have a high-end stereo and can appreciate the fine job that Steve Hoffman of DCC did on the remastering, then by all means: This is the only CD version you should own. Otherwise, the other CD versions should sound perfectly acceptable on less persnickety equipment.
B000002U88|4.0|Bob Seger may be the last great rock 'n roller for us old heads (read: his contemporaries).  The Distance has some of his best work.  It has some of the greatest hard driving rock ever to blast through the speakers.  If  played in a moving car, &quot;Even Now&quot; is guaranteed to increase your  speed by at least ten MPH (actually, I once talked a state trooper out of a  ticket by telling him it was the fault of the Bob Seger coming through the  tape player!).  &quot;Roll Me Away&quot; is the greatest song to accompany  a motorcycle ride since &quot;Born to be Wild&quot;. This album rates less  than five stars, though, because as great as &quot;Even Now&quot;,  &quot;Roll Me Away&quot; and the classic &quot;Shame on the Moon&quot; are,  the rest of the songs are adequate by comparison.   Certainly worth the  money, though, by any standards.
630451087X|4.0|Now, at first, if you got this movie because you expected a violent horror film due to its hard-edge soundtrack including NIN and Manson, then you are sadly mistaken. I am a very big fan of Lynch's work as Blue Velvet and  Eraserhead are amazing films, and although this is an obvious Lynch film,  it just isn't as beautiful as the other films.  It is prototypically weird,  and if you are distracted for a second, things can get very mixed up.  So  watch intently, because it is a good movie.  Just &quot;NOT&quot; for all  tastes.
B000002GJH|5.0|Chris Cornell was motivated out of mourning to release this batch of sordid songs as a tribute to his former roommate Andrew Wood who dies of a heroin overdose.  Andrew Wood's band included the backbone of Pearl Jam and  they joined Chris for these songs.  The sound is tremendous.  Every song  has classic Pearl Jam riffs, a Soundgarden percussion and Chris Cornell's  vocals overseeing it with the exception of &quot;Hunger Strike&quot; which  could be a Pearl Jam tune since Eddie Vedder sings lead.  Cornell seems  more relaxed in the Temple recording than he did later in the year when  Badmotorfinger was released.  The mourning maybe caused that  relaxation-morbidness- but it couldn't have suited the album better.  After  the first two songs recorded both in tribute to Andrew are over, and both  songs &quot;Reach Down&quot; and &quot;Say Hello 2 Heaven&quot; are great,  Cornell reached deep into his life and pulled out some of the best lyrics  in the history of rock.  &quot;Call Me a Dog&quot; is Pygmalion reversed.   &quot;Times of Trouble&quot; is the best eulogy Cornell could give his  friend even though the first two songs were meant as the eulogy.  When  Cornell sings, &quot;Don't kill your time&quot; you're almost sure he's  thought about it himself and we can all thank God that he came back down.   Temple of the Dog is a remarkable album in all aspects.
B000001EEN|3.0|When I bought this cd I expected a lot in return with E.C. teamed with Traffic.Needless to say I was let down.It does have some high points (Roll It Over and Pearly Queen), but overall the group's lack of practice  combined with Clapton's lay-off are all too apparent.
B00000DLV1|5.0|I have all three of Portishead albums, and they're all wonderful.  But the live performance of the songs adds so much power to the already great songs.  It's absolutely wonderful... I can never get enough Portishead, and  I couldn't pick which album is my favorite, but this one is the most  powerful.
B000022TSY|4.0|Just listened to the DVD on my Dolby Digital (5.1) system, and the remastering is sensational. I have most of the soundtrack cuts on CD, but the versions here are much better. Excellent cinematography is more  apparent on DVD than on video, as well. Documentary on the making of the  film is very interesting... don't miss it. Didn't have time to listen to  Hopper's commentary (other than a few minutes), but am taping it now and  will check it out later. Great package!
0783225970|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie.  The violence maybe a little much for children but it also gave the movie its realism.  I would recomend this classic epic film to any true movie fan.
B000002UUX|5.0|this really was not that long ago...how far megadeth has fallen in a rather short amount of time...i realize that it may not have been realistic to expect more &quot;take no prisoners&quot;, &quot;hanger 18&quot;,  etc...type of cuts from this band, but did they really have to move  completely from technical insanity...we have all heard the term  &quot;guitar pyro-technics&quot; before...it really makes no sense until  you hear this album..what other way could the mastery of mustaine and  friedman on this album be described...this is, far and away, the best  offering from this band..although peace sells is also a great album, it  cannot stand up to this...the musicianship was, at the time, without  parallel in the speed/thrash world...<br />buy this and see what happens when  a great band hits their peak...
630575067X|5.0|When I first saw the Star Wars Trilogy I was amazed I thought Star Wars couldn't get better... I was wrong.  Star Wars Episode 1 The Phantom Menace is the best movie I have ever seen.  It has some great special effects, it  has a creative range of characters and locations and the story is a  masterpeice.  This movie takes a little thing like introducing a new  character who grows up to be a Jedi Of The Sith and turns it into something  out of this world.  The boy who eventually does grow up to be the evil  Darth Vadar actually started out as a junkyard slave who competes in deadly  podraces.  Being the only human who can race pods is an achievement in its  own but the power of using the Force is a Destiny.<br />  You must see this  movie.  It is worth buying.
B00000HZH7|5.0|for me this is the roots of death metal...this was the first album that i remember buying when i was a kid that i thought had gone too far. i realize now that i was comparing this to slayer and such at the time and it was the  vocals that had put me off, but fortunately it has now been re-released for  me to give it a proper listen...<br />and i thank the gods that it has  happened. this is really great and i do not think that these guys get  enough credit for being one of, if not the, godfathers of death. granted  the lyrics are a bit childish, but this was a long time ago and that was  pretty much par for the course, but it is the music that sets this  apart...very heavy, very fast thrash with a twist that helps set this apart  from the other bands by which they were surrounded.<br />the only problem here  is that the album still sounds like it did on tape 15 years ago...this  should simply be called a &quot;re-issue&quot; instead of a  &quot;re-master&quot; regardless of the work that may have been done with  the tapes...but then again, that may be part of the charm that this album  holds. perhaps it would lose a lot if it sounded as clean as does a lot of  the metal produced now...anyway, this is a great album, and a necessity for  anyone who is now a fan of death(or metal in general) that was not around  in the mid-eighties when this style was in its infancy...<br />drop your $15  on it...you will not be dissappointed...
0792156684|2.0|... until I had to ask myself, why am I crying? Come on: who among us wouldn't want to see Leo turning blue like that, even if it's just in a movie. <br />Really, I have never seen a film this manipulative before. Okay,  not just manipulative, but exploitive. This thing starts out about as good  as a can-o-corn docu-drama, and that's the set-up: the viewer is lulled  into a false sense of cheese, and before you know it, you're having  nightmares about drowning.<br />So, you have to see it, because we all wonder  what it's like to actually die, but like a box of Fugeeos, you hate  yourself at the end.
B000002BPS|5.0|That title is no joke, in my opinion this is the best album Offspring have ever released, it is great punk rock, but what's more the lyrics really mean something. I first got into the Offspring at the end of '98 when I  heard Smash. I then saw them play at Brixton (London) on January the 15th  1999, they rocked. I then bought Ixnay, it blew me away, if your an  Offspring fan, and don't have this album, buy it now. In fact, if your not  an Offspring fan, buy this album now. It's truly one of the bests albums  ever.
B00000I9MK|5.0|Sure, this album is great but I don't see anyone drawing the most obvious conclusion that these guys just sit around and listen to Donovan all day. That's not a bad thing! I love Donovan but let's not get carried away and  start thinking that Belle and Sebastian have a unique sound. They are very  good at using the Donovan template for their stuff. It's eerie how much the  singer sounds like Donovan too. So the moral of the story is if you like  these guys and haven't heard Donovan, then go get some! He has like a  million albums and they are all very good and no it doesn't all sound like  Mellow Yellow!
B00004BZ0N|5.0|I just picked up the remastered version of this late seventies classic.  I am reminded again of the versatility of this once great band.  Alot of bands can exhibit their versatility over the course of several albums but  the Clash give it to you all on one disc (on vinyl two discs).  You want  straight ahead pop, you got it.  You want reggae, you got it.  You want  hard core punk and thrashing guitars, you got it.  You want ska, you got  it.  And the Clash handled each with great result.  To typecast this band  as a punk band is to sell them tremendously short.  This effort is  recognized as a classic and it truly is.  The music is just as vital today  as it was some twenty years ago.  How can anyone not enjoy Joe Strummer's  &quot;air Clash mambo&quot; rap of &quot;Revolution Rock&quot; or the  swagger of &quot;Wrong 'Em Boyo&quot; or the balls out rock of &quot;Death  or Glory&quot;.  The fact that this set is remastered makes it all the more  reason to get this disc and rediscover The Clash or discover them for the  first time.  Either way it will be an enjoyable treat.
630575067X|5.0|one question. have you seen this film? by no means a disappointment,all the reviewers who panned it, obviously did'nt see it. it's a classic,classic characters,classic scenes, A CLASSIC!  it has THE greatest entrance in to a finale EVER!  To end with, the average review on this  FANTASTIC website (AMAZON) is nearly four stars, as i said 'what the hell  is the matter with you people' lets make it a five BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY  IT BUY IT You will not regret it. it will be the best $$ you'll ever  spend!
0385493622|5.0|I am incredibly impressed with this book. I am the type of person who doesn't read a lot, but I decided to take a chance on this one. Instead of putting the book down half-way through, I kept reading to the very end.  <br />The story is very interesting. It has elements of a drama, history, and  mathematical concepts all wrapped up in an easy to understand, and  entertaining, story.<br />I encourage anyone who is interested in Fermat's  Last Theorem and its colorful history to pick up a copy of this book.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Red Hot Chili Peppers are one of the greatest bands in the world. If you listen to this album then you should have no reason to doubt this opinion. 'Californication' bulges with class and with the return of the great John  Frusciante what do you expect. With songs like 'Scar Tissue' and  'Otherside' you cannot afford to miss this genius of an album. You must buy  it. No CD collection is complete without it. And if you do like it you  should check out 'Blood Sugar Sex Magik' which is just as good.<br />BUY IT  BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT!
6302765536|1.0|I hate this movie it is so so stupid!  Only boys watch this movie. I really do not see the point in it. My brother has watched this movie a millon times and trys to do the dangerous and stupid things he does. Thank  You For Reading!
B000007MVM|4.0|This album is timeless, a collage of word-play and tricky rhythms from a guy that was slowly sinking into the sunset. The only thing that keeps me from fully enjoying this album is the realization that Syd Barrett was  falling apart while making it. The lines in the last song on this album  weren't just there for show: &quot;Inside me I feel/alone and unreal.&quot;
B000002KGT|5.0|I don't even have the right to review this Album. Every song on this CD is pure Gold. When these 5 Artist get together and work as a team,no one can come close to The Mac.Everyone know's about the Album and how great it is.  One song on this CD that I really love is Christine  McVie's,&quot;SongBird.&quot; When I saw the Mac in the late 80's,I thought  the show was over.We were running to our cars to beat the traffic,and all  of a sudden we heard Christine singing &quot;Songbird.&quot; Eveyone ran  back in to hear this beutufull classic.Stevie Nicks is one of my favorite  female singers. That voice,what more can I say except, &quot; were and the  hell does she come up with these songs?&quot; Stevie has got to be from  another planet. Lindsey Buckingham is so over looked in this band. He is  the back bone. Every Album they recorded without Lindsey wasn't the same.  John McVie is a  first class bass players.You know right away its &quot;The  Mac,&quot; when you hear him playing. The glue to the Mac,Mick  Fleetwood.There's not a Drummer in the World that comes close to him. When  you see Fleetwood Mac in concert,Mick does a solo drum spot that will blow  your mind.I can't wait for Fleetwood Mac to put out a new Album.It was the  greatest night in my life when they got back together for there MTV concert  after years of fighting between Nicks and Lindsey. If any member of the Mac  is reading this,get back in the Studio and give your fans another taste of  the Best band every put together,next to The Beatles.
B000000OUJ|5.0|Yeah, sure, ODB has the most personality, and Method Man gets all the ladies, but when it comes to raw MCing and keeping faithful to the true elements of hip-hop, the GZA is unparalleled. This is the best Wu-Tang solo  album, bar none. It has the darkest overtones, RZA's production is deeper  than it had ever previously been (and never will be again, as far as I'm  concerned), and GZA's lyrics just knocked me out of my chair. It was chock  full of metaphors galore, technicolor ghetto tales, and anyone who says  &quot;Labels&quot; was less than brilliant needs a speedknot upside the  head. This is a beautiful piece of hardcore real hip-hop, and it deserves  to be in any collection. It's just a shame that he had to follow it up with  &quot;Beneath the Surface...&quot;
0151003084|5.0|This book is great!  It is simple, and contains a hint of that morbid humor that so much of us enjoy.  The Illustrations are those, fun, yet macabre pictures that really add the chery on top.
B000002KM6|4.0|from start to finish this disc is one of van halen's best. i'd put it third behind 1984 and van halen 1, as far as the david lee roth era goes. van halen is possibly the best american rock band ever. eddie is the man. although ridiculous glam rock big hair bands all started because of van  halen, eddie's talent should not be underappreciated. besides the riffs and  solos, just the sound he creates with his guitar is worth the money for  whatever. fair warning is awesome, mean streets, sinner's swing, unchained,  dirty movies, hear about it later, so this is love?, all great songs. pop  it in your car and turn it up to 11.
0151003084|5.0|This book is great!  It is simple, and contains a hint of that morbid humor that so much of us enjoy.  The Illustrations are those, fun, yet macabre pictures that really add the chery on top.
B0000087QO|4.0|I must confess, I only bought this album basically because I wanted HEART OF GLASS to listen to. However upon listening to this CD thouroughly, I must say I really like it and the first track (Hanging on the telephone is  good as well.) I recommend it to fans of BLONDIE
B000002AVF|5.0|mariah CArey has turned out many albums since her debut in 1990, but DAYDREAM is probably her best work. It is not yet full fledged r&amp;b, like BUTTERFLY and RAINBOW(mariahs worst piece to date, but isn't as gospel  sounding as her older work. She still uses a wide range of her vocal  ability on this album, where as on BUTTERFLY and RAINBOW she resorts to  signing in one (VERY HIGH) octave.  Overall, her best work.
6303347657|5.0|I really liked this film and it was one of Carrey's first triumphs. I heard stories of a sequel (revenge of the mask) but yet I havent heard anymore on the subject, but then in one of Carrey's filmographies I saw it  printed there.
B00000JCOV|5.0|The s__t is wrapped up in a pretty little package called Slipknot. It's the discordant sound of the middle of nowhere, a terrain where Slipknot is jester and king... Slipknot is a metal band that has 9 band members and plays the best music I ever heard.Slipknot rocks this  goddamned world!
0783231482|4.0|What a cool film. It's a comedy musical with plenty of action. It's considered a cult classic and after you see this epic comedy, you'll know why...
B00000I9P1|5.0|I wore this tape out when I was stationed on an aircraft carrier years ago.  I loved songs like &quot;Man Against the World,&quot; &quot;Rebel Son,&quot; and &quot;Oceans.&quot; I know that they have a new cd out  called &quot;Empires,&quot; but am not sure of which lineup is involved.  The last I heard, original lead singer David Bickler was once again  fronting the band, but Jim Jamison may be releasing this cd in his own  name.  You can find it on some internet sites, and Amazon may eventually  carry it.
630575067X|2.0|(SPEAKING FOR ANOTHER PERSON. WAYNE BRYDON: I had high hopes for this film and was enjoying the film up until the point where Jar Jar bloody binks appeared. The character had absolutely no point at all and made a  potentially good film a large turd in the toilet bowl of bad films. Where  were the space scenes? (a brief 5 minutes). Most annoyingly of all little  Anakin Skywalker was a good actor. The film would have got 4 stars out of 5  but because of Jar Jar it gets 2.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Many people considerd Significant other as a &quot;sell out cd&quot;.  But they seem to forget that the songs on this cd are still written by Fred Durst.  And no one should call his variation on music selling out.   Different isn't always bad.  This CD has such wonderful artists on it as  the boys from Limp Bizkit, Method Man, Eminem, and many others.  None of  those guys would want their feelings publicaly dissed apon.  They are all  extremely talented and the fact that they can perform songs other than that  of previous albums should be celebrated.  Significant other is a wonderful  CD and I recommend it highly to anyone who liked the old limp Bizkit and  can still love the new Limp Bizkit.
B00000K2SE|5.0|This is a truly original, clever masterpiece of a film. 'The Matrix' mixes sci-fi with surreal fantasy and is a brilliant action thriller also. There are plans for 2 more films to be made but I think this will be the best as  it's the original story. Not many people will hate this film, although it  can be confusing in places.
B000001Y42|5.0|I don't know if you've ever tried to write a song before, but I can guarentee you that it is not easy.  And writing enough to fill a CD may be near to impossible.  Especially when they are songs so powerfull as the  ones on this CD.  It's true, the group has the best reviews fro the re-make  of &quot;Faith&quot; and the songs that Fred Durst writes himself can be  overlooked.  This man takes his time to write a song that can reach down  your throat, pull at your heart, and leave you screaming.  This cd is so  good, it can leave you hurting.
B000001EPB|3.0|I was truly blessed when I watched Lord of the Dance for the first time.  I watch it over and over!  The music combined with the sound of the dancers set my spirit soaring!  I would sit and just listen with my eyes closed  getting chills up and down me!   I thought what a great thing - a  soundtrack I can take with me.   Much to my disappointment the total  &quot;Soundtrack&quot; was not there.  It just isn't the same without the  sound of the dancers.  Just exactly like it is in the video.  Maybe you  could put out an unedited version that leaves the dancers in with the  music.  I love the show, but am disappointed with this tape.  Sorry  :(
B00000IPAX|3.0|I think everyones heard these songs enough, they don't need to buy the cd.  turn on the radio once or twice and you don't need to waste your money!  Unless you are a to the clore blink worshipper, I wouldn't bother with this  cd.  SOme of the songs can be rivetting but most of them are just plain  boring.
6305750750|1.0|I waited 16 years and got a toy commercial.  Granted, the other three movies did't exactly have poetic dialog (especially Return of the Jedi), but each movie had character development.  This movie gives you only some  superficial knowledge of the main players before whisking you off on a  thoughtless, flashy journey.  Along the way you get some really bad acting,  a limp story, and worst of all, Jar Jar.  <br />Even the special effects were  lacking.  ILM's composeting looks rather thin, especially at the beginning  and end when actors are inside metallic rooms.  Another summer movie, the  Matrix, had far better looking, sharper and more inventive special effects  that put the Phantom Menace to shame.  <br />George Lucas has once again shown  that he can not direct actors, and his storytelling skills are very rusty.   I hope someone else directs the next one.  Leave your brain and wallet at  the door for this flick.
B00002EPJH|4.0|The key to appreciating this recording lies, I think, in seeing that these tunes are largely singer's songs. And Jarrett's approach to them is that of a singer. He articulates the beautiful melodies carefully, embellishes them  slightly but tellingly, and builds to a graceful climax before ending.  (This isn't quite true of 'I've Got it Bad', where he uncorks an exciting  solo; but this tune is the only one on the record that had its genesis as a  purely instrumental piece.) That the record is so beguiling despite its  relaxed air is tribute to Jarrett's ever-increasing taste and pianism. I  hope he does more in this vein.
B00000BKDW|5.0|The review below is so idiotic! if the guy doesn't like the album he can at least tell us why? probably he can't tell us why because there is  nothing wrong with this album, no only that, this album is for no doubt one  of the best Heavy Metal album if not the best (there are 2 Maiden albums i  like as much as this). It has both powerful fast metal songs such as Aces  High, Back in the Village... and long complex epics such as Rime of the  Ancient Mariner (what a song! ) and the title track Powerslave. Also it  has songs which are between epics to catchy solid metal, such songs as the  great instrumental Losfer Words, and The Duellists which shows how great  are Adrian Smith and Dave Murray when playing together. Another thing must  be said about this album is the way Steve Harris plays, for sure he his one  of the top3 rock bassists in the world, his basslines are so deep, hard,  complex and he uses wonderful technniqe, his ability to run through the  riffs while adding so much to the music is amazing, if you hate metal buy  this cd because of this graet bass player. If you like metal buy this cd  simply because you won't find any other metal piece that is not under the  name of Iron Maiden. Enjoy...
B00002MZ4W|5.0|this cd is incredible. &quot;love ridden&quot; is one of the more beautiful songs. fiona apple is a great musician and this record proves it. there isn't a faulty song on this whole disk, i have highly reccomended it  to everyone i know. if you are looking for a great cd, some uplifting  songs, some touching songs, and songs that are all around grea, pick up  this cd. i'm sure you will appreciate it!
0380973642|4.0|In praising Neil Gaiman, author of the award-winning Sandman comic book series, Stephen King called him &quot;a treasure house of story&quot;.  For those who only know the inimitable Mr. Gaiman from his comic book works,  this collection represents a treasure trove of the author's prose work,  with a generous helping of verse thrown in to boot.<br />The stories contained  within Smoke and Mirrors range from straight horror to wild fantasy.  While  the stories range widely in quality, the 337 pages of this collection fly  by, and even where Gaiman misses the mark, he makes an impression.  <br />I  highly recommend &quot;Murder Mysteries,&quot; a tale of a murder  investigation in Heaven before Lucifer's Fall (or was he pushed?);  &quot;Troll Bridge,&quot; concerning dark happenings beneath a highway  bridge; and &quot;The Price,&quot; a story about a cat's sacrifice which I  believe Mr. King found quite wonderful.  <br />Gaiman thoughtfully includes a  detailed introduction wherein he describes the genesis of these stories.   Fellow writers will find this section fascinating as a window on the  author's creative process.  <br />Short story collections are of necessity a  mixed bag, but even casual Gaiman fans will find Smoke and Mirrors  rewarding.
B00000IPAX|4.0|I picked up this CD after hearing some Blink182 on 92.3 KRQ.  Their sound reminded me a lot of bands I liked in high school- ALL, Descendents, etc.  Enema is more than a decent CD; its got a driving beat and hard riffs that  are so catchy you will find yourself wishing you could get them out of your  head.  These punk-infused tunes, like others before them, lack in the  lyrics department, but then again, that's not why we like them is it?
0440234743|2.0|...namely, &quot;a woman pursued by enemies and friends alike&quot; holding &quot;a stunning surprise of her own.&quot; This text was on the back cover of the book and I thought it would be more suspensful than it  was. No enemies in pursuit, no stunning surprise. Yawn.<br />Nate O'Riley was  likeable and the descriptions of Brazil were colorful. This is good beach  or airplane reading.
6305558167|4.0|It's tough to compress the 900-some-odd pages of text that Thomas Malory used to tell his story of Le Morte d'Arthur into 140 minutes of film, but director John Boorman and screenwriter Rospo Pallenberg give it a good  shot.  While it sometimes leaves out important details or compresses events  in the interest of time, it can never be accused of playing fast and loose  with the legend.  However, the film also requires a bit of work on the part  of the viewer to fill in some of the details, and it's obvious Boorman  expects his viewer to be at least passing familiar with the traditions of  the Arthurian legend (anyone unfamiliar with Arthur's fate after his death,  for example, will be baffled by the film's final shot).  So brush up just a  bit before you sit down to this one.<br />With its darkened, cloud-streaked  skies, lonely stone castles, eerie green lighting, (all caught in beautiful  widescreen glory on the DVD), and effective use of the music of Richard  Wagner, you won't find a moodier, more beautifully shot film.  In fact,  there are some downright breathtaking cinematic moments in this film, none  more so than when Perceval hurls Excalibur back into the water, and  Wagner's music swells just in time for the Lady of the Lake to make a  dramatic clean catch.  Great stuff.<br />It also helps that Nicol Williamson  turns in a very game performance as Merlin, but it's Nigel Terry who  carries the film in an underappreciated but wholly believeable  interpretation of King Arthur.  Terry leaves the scenery-chewing to  Williamson, and anchors the film instead with a steady, understated  performance.  Look also for stars-in-the-making Liam Neeson as the jealous  Gawain, and Patrick Stewart as Guenevere's father, Leodegrance.<br />EXCALIBUR  has all the elements one expects in a fantasy, yet, in a sense, Boorman  does for the sword-and-sorcery film what Sergio Leone did for the western:  whereas prior horse operas showed cowboys riding across the desert and  shuffing down dirt streets without a bit of sweat, and firing pistols that  never drew blood, Leone made everyone look hot and sweaty, and showed that  a Smith &amp; Wesson could rip a real hole through your gut.  Boorman does  the same for the knight in this film -- knights clunk around clumsily in  heavy armor, get skewered on pikes, get their heads bashed in, and cough  their guts out in bloody mud puddles.  It all lends an air of veracity to  the film that makes it all seem like It Could Really Have Happened This  Way.<br />The widescreen format available on DVD gives this film the weight  and heft it has long deserved, and there are some real gems lurking among  the additional features -- including a surprisingly cheezy, Grade B  trailer, and a really great alternate soundtrack in which director John  Boorman discusses the action and shares some behind-the-scene goodies (such  as the fact that Nicol Williamson and Helen Mirren couldn't stand each  other, or that the actor playing the grown-up Mordred was actually a  first-rate horseman).<br />Give this one a try.ng down dirt streets without a bit of sweat, and firing pistols that  never drew blood, Leone made everyone look hot and sweaty, and showed that  a Smith &amp; Wesson could rip a real hole through your gut.  Boorman does  the same for the knight in this film -- knights clunk around clumsily in  heavy armor, get skewered on pikes, get their heads bashed in, and cough  their guts out in bloody mud puddles.  It all lends an air of veracity to  the film that makes it all seem like It Could Really Have Happened This  Way.<br />The widescreen format available on DVD gives this film the weight  and heft it has long deserved, and there are some real gems lurking among  the additional features -- including a surprisingly cheezy, Grade B  trailer, and a really great alternate soundtrack in which director John  Boorman discusses the action and shares some behind-the-scene goodies (such  as the fact that Nicol Williamson and Helen Mirren couldn't stand each  other, or that the actor playing the grown-up Mordred was actually a  first-rate horseman).<br />Give this one a try.
6304696515|5.0|The movie is great with Glenn Close magnificent.  I was really surprised at the inferior quality of the DVD image.  Lots and lots of white flecks appear on the screen (I'm certain there's a technical name for this) and  distract from the movie itself.  I wonder why such a poor quality transfer  was permitted.
B00000JZJ0|3.0|Compared to Re-Animator, Bride of Re-Animator is much grosser, funnier, but also thinner -- maxing out on the visual gags and setups (which are brilliant), but forgetting that edge of menace that made the first one so compelling. That said, it's still a solid film with good performances (especially Jeffrey Combs, whose expressive physical acting and offhanded weirdness makes him great fun to watch), above-average special effects, and definite high points.<br />Bruce Abbott's character Dan Cain is weaker this time, seemingly going after every woman he meets, but Herbert West's increasing ambition (at several points proclaiming his own godhood) works marvellously, a logical extension of his arc in the first film. Unfortunately, Brian Yuzna isn't quite as sure as Stuart Gordon in the pacing and directing departments, and though his visuals are sophisticated, his take on the characters isn't as good as Gordon's in Re-Animator.<br />The DVD edition offers plenty of interesting bonus material, including a deleted scene that supposedly occurs after the last injection (no spoilers). Watching this, one realizes what hard work it is playing a re-animated corpse and the taxing conditions of low-budget horror shoots. There are many photos, publicity stills (under \\"Dr. West's casebook), and a trailer. The selection menus has the common problem of getting \\"stuck\\" at certain levels (I couldn't figure out how to get out of \\"Special Features\\" without turning off the player) and isn't very clearly laid out, but small problems. A major annoyance: Bruce Abbott and Jeffrey Combs, though wonderful when onscreen together, are a menace on the commentary tracks, rarely offering much insight to the shooting process, mostly horsing around. While that was amusing for 10 minutes, I certainly didn't enjoy a full hour and a half of listening to them camp it up. They also seem to bear some points of contempt towards the movie -- not surprising, considering it fails to meet the incredibly high standards set by the first one. All in all, not a useful commentary track at all.<br />I'm still wondering why the first Re-Animator, an undisputed, groundbreaking classic, hasn't received a reissue on VHS, let alone DVD. Legal shenanigans involving Charles Band's Empire Pictures, perhaps? In any case, the legacy of the series should really rest on The Re-Animator, Bride of Re-Animator being more or less an interesting and daring, yet ultimately less competent footnote.
B000002UAR|5.0|I've already reviewed this album, you can find my comments in a previous post. It is one of the finest albums ever made, and I still recommend it to anyone who loves music. I am posting this message in response to the  juvenile need by some to place the Beatles and Rolling Stones as  antithetical rivals, which is pure non-sense from the uninformed and  closed-minded. BOTH bands are wonderful, BOTH bands are significant, BOTH  bands contributed substantially to popular music, and BOTH bands<br />are to  be recommended to anyone who wants to build an intelligent and  comprehensive music library. So, right now, go out and buy *Revolver* and  *Exile on Main Street*, or, maybe *Sgt. Pepper's* and *Beggar's Banquet*;  but stop treating these towering artists as if liking one excludes the  other. If you love Beethoven, do you hate Mozart? &quot;Turn off your mind  relax and float downstream,&quot; my friends - and &quot;gimme  shelter&quot; from the narrow minds of the world. Long live the Beatles and  the Stones!
B00000IPAX|5.0|At first,the album doesn't attract my attention only after the second single 'All The Small Things'.It literally turn me on.They're such talented rock band.I was never into rock/ alternative music(Rarely).The video for  'All The Small Things' is so hilarious that I laugh thru-out the whole  time.They were trying to imitate boys band like BSB,N'sync,98 Degrees,and  pop artists like Christina Aguilera and Britney Spears in various  MTVs.Honestly,it was truly an insult to the pop artists.But i shall say  they're really daring(Bold indeed!) to do that.But who cares as long as  they produce good music.The album had sold 4 million copies in the  states.So you got to check this album out if you won't want to miss  anything out in life!
B000001EGA|5.0|This album has the ingenuity and flair of many great Elton albums. Remarkable work from a true master of pop music. Great stuff as usual Elton. You are truly one of a kind.
B00000IPAX|5.0|At first,the album doesn't attract my attention only after the second single 'All The Small Things'.It literally turn me on.They're such talented rock band.I was never into rock/ alternative music(Rarely).The video for  'All The Small Things' is so hilarious that I laugh thru-out the whole  time.They were trying to imitate boys band like BSB,N'sync,98 Degrees,and  pop artists like Christina Aguilera and Britney Spears in various  MTVs.Honestly,it was truly an insult to the pop artists.But i shall say  they're really daring(Bold indeed!) to do that.But who cares as long as  they produce good music.The album had sold 4 million copies in the  states.So you got to check this album out if you won't want to miss  anything out in life!
B00003ETJQ|5.0|The world of Baraka on DVD is one you might never want to come back from. It blends the poetry of the earth, volcanos, mountains, clouds, with the raw, destructive beat of the human world, factories, cities, garbage dumps,  in a way that will leave you breathless and astonished. The pictures are so  clear and unmistakable, the vision is given a taste of what the world  should be like, and still is, far beyond the easy reach of human ambition.  Baraka is less of a movie and more of an experience, where intensity moves  at the pace of the clock.  &quot;All redness turned into blood, all water  into tears.&quot; -Pater
B00000G3AZ|4.0|This is a funny story which is very roughly based on &quot;Emma&quot; by Jane Austen. If you think about it seriously, the storyline is practically exactly the same as &quot;Cluless!&quot; It's worth your while watching,  and I can garantee that this is a good show for popcorns.
0140277447|2.0|As an avid reader of both military history and Chinese history, I had high expectations for this book...too high. My biggest complaint is that for all the gruesome details and stories of horror, Ms. Chang makes little attempt to explain why the Japanese soldiers acted as they did, and why the Chinese  soldiers and civilians reacted as they did. Only briefly is this subject  touched upon in chapter 2 and in the epilogue. For all the research, surely  she must have some impression or opinion on why the atrocities took place.  After reading ten pages on how to rape a child, I'd hope for more than a  two paragraph explanation of why. Very frustrating! It's too bad a military  historian did not tackle the subject - provide some insight into the 'how'  and 'why'.<br />P.S. Compulsory reading for anybody interested in China/int'l  politics/etc. is Nathan and Ross 'The Great Wall and the Empty Fortress'.  Also, for anybody who's lived in China: 'China Awakes'.
B000044U4B|5.0|This cd, like Metallica's &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; was re-mastered by DCC and sounds just as awesome. I know many metallifans are skeptical about purchasing these re-masters, but to my ears, the superior sound quality is there and is noticeable. I have owned a recording of this album (Ride the  Lightning) on either record or cd since 1984, and have heard it probably a  million times since then. When I heard the remastered cd version today, I  heard many things that I hadn't heard before. For example: The clarity in  the intro solo by Hammett on &quot;Fade to Black, the way Cliff Burton's  roaring, howling lead bass was meant to stand out on &quot;The Call of  Ktulu&quot;, crisper drums and background vocals on &quot;Creeping  Death&quot; and &quot;Trapped Under Ice&quot; are just some of the many  sonic improvements on this cd. I understand that it's a lot of  money for a cd that most people who are fans of the band already own. But  if you are a long time or serious fan/collector, this is a true must have.  If you are on a tight budget, or think the standard cd sounds good enough,  don't bother. The cd also features re-packaging just like the original  album (right down to the original megaforce records label in the upper  right hand side of the back cover), though the differences are minimal from  the standard issue cd, but noteworthy to the serious fan. I can only hope  and pray that the horrendously recorded &quot;And Justice For All&quot;  receives a similar treatment in the very near future.
6305558167|5.0|The most epic story of all epic's this is one of the best DVD's you will come across.This movie has everything a true epic should have but most of all it's a noble telling of this timeless story.You know the charachters  the most powerful and noble king Aurther , his trusted first knight Sir  Lance A Lot, and his savior Percival.His true friend and father figure and  respected wizard the great Merlin , His sinful father Uther and mother  egraine , Aurther's evil sister morgana.<br />       Aurther's godlike son  mordrid a land gone a  kingdom at war , a land without a king.Where sin  meets lust , where flesh meets steel and one man shall weild the sword of  power one last time in battle.<br />     This movie is incredible and if your  only 24 like me it was a big treat to see the trailer of this  masterpeice.This movie was copied so much and chewd up by it but this movie  will forever be the best version period it dosen't leave out anything.  You'll be thrilled by it's amazing battle scenes a incredible and timeless  classic.<br />     And for the many who have seen this powerful film it will  be a treat when you see it with Jhon Boorman's commentary put your aurmor  on saddle up  and prepare for fantasy at it's most awsome and best.
0684833395|5.0|I first read this book quite by accident.  I was 20 years old and faced a long bus ride back to the base.  I was a young marine at the time and little did I know that this book was going to change my life.  It was 1964  and a place called Vietnam was just starting to be spoken about, a place  most of us didn't know the first thing about.  I was lucky enough to be  discharged in 1965, and missed the opportunity to kill Asian farmers.  I  finished &quot;Catch-22&quot; in just a few days.  I've read it many, many,  times since.  From being a rather ordinary, &quot;just go along with  it&quot;, marine, I became an anti-war protester, in no small part due to  this wonderfully subversive work of Joseph Heller.  I've never read another  book, (and, I've read very many), that so completely and so darkly (yet  hilariously), points out the horrible absurdity of war. If you can read  &quot;Catch-22, and then read any other book that glorifies war, Yossarian  will come back to haunt you and remind you that it's all a miserable  &quot;Catch-22&quot;.
B00001ZWTT|1.0|The only thing I, have to say is if your out of sleeping medicine and can't get to sleep at night put this movie in and you'll be sleeping quickly.If there wasn't any laws on vandelism this movie would be burning  or used as saturday picnic frizbee disks.A pathetic waste of film and money  go spend your money at McDonald's it's better then spending it on this  waste of time.
B000002UA0|5.0|Up until about three weeks ago, I thought &quot;More&quot; was their first album. Our local radio station had a Pink Floyd Weekend, where I heard some of the songs from this album, like &quot;Astronomy Domine&quot; and  &quot;Interstellar Overdrive&quot; for the first time EVER.  For me, as  amazing as it sounds, SYD BARRETT DID NOT EXIST....I have been brainwashed  to believe, like most people, that Gilmour and crew were Pink Floyd...I  agree with what David Bowie said (in one of the other reviews here). Ever  since I got this album, my perception of Pink Floyd has forever changed,  and not for the better. As much as I like &quot;Dark Side of the  Moon&quot;, &quot;The Wall,&quot; and their other albums, they do not  compare to the original band that Pink Floyd was. I just hope Syd (Roger)  will read these raving reviews about himself, to really understand his  impact on the band since 1968 and his fans themselves. He may not  understand the pervasive influence he has had on the world, and just what  an amazing soul he has. Now the album itself: The instrumentals rock, and  quite literally, are out of this world. &quot;Astronomy Domine&quot; is  better than most of the rock tunes I hear today. It is timeless, like  &quot;Interstellar Overdrive.&quot; As you can tell by both songs, Syd  really shows his creativity and genius, which is evident on all of the  songs on the album. So few people in this world, if any, understand what  goes through Roger &quot;Syd&quot; Barrett's mind. But I think it is clear  when you hear the album. This is the essence of what Pink Floyd is. The  songs range from silly to very serious, and some are too extraordinary to  have words attached to them (eg, &quot;Interstellar Overdrive&quot;,  &quot;Pow R Toc H&quot;). &quot;Chapter 24&quot; and &quot;Scarecrow&quot;  are very philosophical. &quot;Matilda Mother&quot;, &quot;Flaming,&quot;  and &quot;The Gnome&quot; all seem rather psychedelic and  thought-provoking. The only song that seemssomewhat out of place on this  album is &quot;Take Up Thy Stethoscope and Walk&quot; --I like it okay, but  Barrett really takes the gold on this album. And, last but not least, I  like &quot;Bike&quot; alot because it sounds like a love song..somewhat  child-like, but that's what I love about Syd...... I will say this is the  BEST Pink Floyd album I have ever heard, and I think I have heard alot.   &quot;Piper at the Gates of Dawn&quot; is the best album they have ever  made. Their early music was their best music. Unforunately, Pink Floyd  cannot call themselves by that name without Syd in the band. Many consider  him to be the creator of Pink Floyd, and I think that is his legacy.
B000007OY0|5.0|One of the best stories I've ever seen. Emotional, human and the best friend relation.
6305013578|1.0|This is perhaps one of the worst DVD transfers around. Not only is the print bad but the entire film is out of focus. The region 2 version of the film on DVD does not suffer from these problems. If you want this film on  DVD don't by this version.
0451196716|4.0|I'm an avid Stephen King reader.  This book is one of his best.  I've loved McVries and Stebbins too.  This story will be with me for a long time to come.
B000002NJS|4.0|I've grown up with Madonna.  I started listening to her when her very first album came out (I was only 8 years old) and I've been faithfully devoted to her ever since...well, depending on her changes.  I thought her  experimentation with sex in her music and image didn't rub me the right  way.  That portion of the 90's I went unfulfilled.  But when she came back  with her CD with ballads, Evita, and this album, I went back to being a  devoted fan.<br />I never saw Madonna as being quality music.  Her lyrics are  hardly excellent and her sound isn't cutting edge (except when she first  came out, but I was too young to understand it then).  But her music has  always blended very well with her lyrics, flawlessly creating a genuine  aura.  As a devoted fan, I feel I'm familiar with her, how she changes, and  the general aura that her music gives.  And to me, it's fulfilling.  Much  more fulfilling than Mariah or Britney or Alanis.  <br />This time, she's  shown off her spiritual side.  One thing I've always admired about Madonna  is how she orchestrates music so that it matches the general tone of the  lyrics so accurately.  This album is no exception.  I'm a big fan of  progressive house and trance, and William Orbit, so I can't say the  'repetitive bleeps and bangs' bother me.  In fact, they enhance my mood.   If you don't like techno, then chances are, you won't really like this  album.  But I do.  &quot;Skin&quot; and &quot;Sky Fits Heaven&quot; are  pieces that both fulfill my need for techno-induced relaxation and bring  out a general mood in me.<br />I think the individuals that will appreciate  this album the most are the ones who have seen Madonna change as a person,  and have understood and appreciated her changes.  Hands down, this is a  personal album for her.
0385491026|5.0|protagonist while listening to the adult conversation about the breeding modifications done to the turkey for improved taste and ease of containment realises she is &quot;eating lost flight.&quot;
B00000JG41|5.0|All right I hope that pepole didn't just buy this album without listening to the first two.  Patton shows true skills in all of his work.  My buddy Kevin has been down with bungle since they last came out and me also. This  album is the best and when we got it when it came out it was played all  summer long on repeat. Anyone who likes this album should check out the  other two they are diffrent but if your down with pattons skills they will  be enjoyed and for the true bungle fans have a bowl of chilli
B000009RC2|1.0|This is a prime example of someone who should be doing a solo album attempting to do a collaborative musical effort. As I listened, I heard John McLaughlin overpowering his bandmates, over and over again.  It was  quite frustrating to only catch a glimpse of what his backing band could  do.  His guitar solos were overwhelming, and overdone, and I felt as if he  were crying out, &quot;look at me, look at me!&quot; The entire album  struck me as an attempt to show the world just how great John McLaughlin  was, and not to show how wonderful the group worked as a band. It seemed to  me that John McLaughlin did not want to be part of this band, but rather   he wanted to be the entire band.  This was not a group effort, but one man  looking for attention.
B000005J56|4.0|Very good album.Sound is authentic,vocals@instrumental are also great.Worth having it.
B000002UCE|5.0|I thought that this album was great. Anyone that likes the Beatles or John Lennon must have this album. Its a classic John Lennon album. Hopefully anyone that writes anything about this album gives it nothing less then 5  stars!
6303942830|1.0|Why did they call this movie &quot;The Last of Mohicans&quot;, when it represents an outrageous travesty of the great novel?  They should have named the movie &quot;Tarzan and the Savage Indians&quot;.  The important  theme of interracial romance (written over 100 years ago!) was too taboo  for Hollywood, so they white-washed it.  The central heroic characters (who  are Native Americans in the novel) were reduced to background static.  I  dare you to actually read the whole novel, before marking my review  'Unhelpful', and then decide for yourself how you feel about Hollywood's  wanton, idiotic, greed-driven re-write of great classics.
0553278355|4.0|The Bell Jar was a novel of which was unusual than anything that I have ever read. It was easy reading, but it has so many different aspects to it. Esther's life takes a very drastic turn- she goes from living a lavish life  in New York City, and then in a instant she has this mental illness which  takes over her life. I just thought this novel was well-written, very  emotional, and it's an interesting topic to write about. Not many people  are comfortable with discussing mental illness. I truly recommend this  novel as it will provide with a new meaning towards life and how one lives  with a mental illness.
B000003TA4|5.0|One of the best cds of all time.  A mix of grunge and a touch of punk rock it makes it all the techniques to be the best.  This really puts down a foot for nirvana to show people that this is a good band.
038532653X|1.0|This book was extremely boring. Skelling was a very strange character and I thought it was pretty nasty how he lived. What was he anyway? And what the freak was 57 and 43 or what ever that Chinese restaraunt was. This book was very confusing, slow, and boring I strongly do not reccomend this book.  (Sorry if anybody is insulted but this is my opinion)
B000005J56|5.0|This is one of the greatest tributes I have ever seen or heard to a group of musicians who actually did what they did out of sheer love for the art.  These songs remind me of what my family use to listen to around the house,  and the stories I heard about my parents and grandparents growing up and  living in Cuba.  I honestly can say without worrying about being cliche,  that I can feel some of the songs on this album, a rare occurence.  Any  body of Caribbean, particularly Latin American descent should own this  album and definitely see the film. For those of us who only know Cuban  culture as it has been filtered through American culture this is definitely  a learning experience.  Very Profound in its simplicity.
1573226521|5.0|Having travelled through the exact same route as Alex Garland, I often thought to myself, &quot;Someone should write a book about this whole back-packer scene.&quot;  Alex has done an excellent job describing what  it's like to be on the road in Southeast Asia right down to the cultural  steriotypes of each nationality. He did a wonderful job building characters  and telling the story at a quick pace.  I loved this book!
080010367X|2.0|i would like to see Will show his true acting skills as opposed to doing the jive Eddie Murphy routine.fast talk with little substance.Tommy Lee Jones is a solid actor.i believe they can do way better than this film.
0618001905|5.0|I just finished a wonderful book called &quot;Empires Of The Monsoon&quot; by Richard Hall, which dealt with an earlier period of colonialism and covered a broader canvas. It was so interesting that I took this book down  from my bookshelves and decided to read it right after the Hall book.  Hochschild  has a rather radical pedigree (Mother Jones magazine) so I was  concerned about getting an unsubtle diatribe but for the most part the  author manages to restrain himself. He very cleverly eases you into this  horror story with some beautifully written early chapters which give  wonderful character studies of King Leopold and Henry Morton Stanley, among  others. Only then do you get hammered with the awful things that the  Belgians did to the Congolese. Mr. Hochschild can't resist a few potshots  at the free traders and unbridled capitalists but for the most part he  wisely sticks to personalities.      Sections of this book are pretty  gruesome. Be forewarned that there are some photographs that may leave you  kind of queasy. Leopold's henchmen were quite enthusiastic about their work  and you start to get emotionally numbed by all the decapitations and  severed hands (and other lopped off body parts) but Mr. Hochschild  throws  in the occasional change of pace by giving you a chapter on a specific  personality. (Did I forget to mention Joseph Conrad, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle  and Mark Twain? They are here also, along with many other interesting  people I had never heard of before.)     One of the things that bothered me  after finishing this book was that I never was taught anything in school  about what happened in the Congo. Possibly 10 million natives died under  this brutal regime. It kind of makes me think that if you want a true  education you are on your own...
0884271536|1.0|Anyone who has been managing projects or helping others manage project for any length of time will find that this book contains no new ideas.  However, its parable style may be useful for those whose prior knowledge is nil or lean.  It comes across as &quot;the next breakthrough&quot; but is  no more than a reasonable methodology for those projects for which its  rather unlikely preconditions hold true.  For example, the entire  methodology rests on the assumption that projects start with a very large  amount of &quot;fudge&quot; built into them.  This assemption may have been  true in a few fat organizations several years ago. But in this day and age  any group that comes to top management asking for money with this amount of  presumed &quot;fudge&quot; built in will either have their head handed to  them or will be laughed out of the room.  In my 30 year experience, project  leaders are much, much more likely to be overoptimistic.  If you do not  accept this &quot;much fudge&quot; assumption, then the rest of the book  has no validity.  The author also assumes that there is but ONE so called  critical chain one can focus on.  This is an extremely rare condition in  the world of modern day projects where most paths of tasks are either  critical or near critical or will be made so when the problem of scarce  resources is properly dealt with.  He does present a way to quantify risk  into the process and that is very good since this is often not done.   However, there are much better alternatives such as Monte Carlo techniques  available.  The writer is a very charasmatic person who has mesmerized a  lot of young people into proclaiming the author as the next project  management guru.  Articles written by these minions always refer to this  book as the basis behind something called &quot;The Theory of  Constraints&quot;.  I have read the book twice and failed to find a  definative theory anywhere.  I have also failed to find ANY publication  where this theory is spelled out.  This book is a parable.  This style has  been used purposely, I believe, to avoid being critiqued in a logical,  scientific manner.  You read the book and either you BELIEVE or you don't.   Since reading the book, I have talked to a dozen true experts in this field  and have failed to find anyone who BELIEVES.
B000009RC2|3.0|This album had a very unique style of beats.  The way the guitar was meshed with all the other instruments was what appealed to me the most.  I've not heard music like this before and thought it rather exciting.  It  picks you up and takes you for a ride.
B000002MFQ|5.0|When I first saw this album in stores a few years back, I gave a heavy sigh. I had gotten burned out on music in general by spending a couple of years as a music reviewer and toward the end, I had felt like I was  *forced* to listen to the stuff. And here one of the few artists I could  still stand had apparently finally sold out. I believed that TBII was just  titled thusly because the original TB was the only thing he appears to be  known for in the U.S. Still, I bought it, hoping Oldfield wouldn't let me  down.<br />And he didn't! Almost singlehandedly, Oldfield revived my love for  music and restored my faith in the fact that some recording artists remain  *artists*!<br />TBII follows the structure and revisits some of the same  themes found on TBI, even if sometimes they are merely faint echoes.  However, where the majority of TBI is in minor keys and thus feels  brooding, most of TBII is upbeat, almost joyous in its feeling. It lifted  my spirits the first time I listened to the album, and it continues to do  so when I play it now.<br />Standout segments--I'm loathe to call most of them  tracks, as the album flows in two large blocks as the original TB--are the  &quot;overture&quot; 'Sentinal' (where Oldfield draws the listner in with a  quoting of the TB theme that serves as an underpinning for the first half  of the album), 'Blue Saloon' (a tense section played mostly on guitars and  which spotlights his still clever use of these instruments), 'The Bell'  (which follows the original TB model of a Master of Ceremonies introducing  the instruments from the first part of the album, but which holds my  attention throughout where the original bored me slightly), 'Weightless,'  (a beautiful segment that introduces a South American musical theme), and  'Tattoo' (bagpipes a-go-go!). <br />I've occassionally complained that  Oldfield sometimes drives a theme for just a bit too long. At no point does  he make this mistake on TBII. This is truly one of his finer efforts and it  is a worthy follow-up that builds on and surpasses the original TB. It's a  worthwhile purchase for anyone who enjoys his music and a fine introduction  for those who aren't familiar with his brilliant work.
6305750750|3.0|This movie made 921 million dollars internationally,WHY?  It had awsome action , racing, and special effects.  But, no one is acting then are they? People should get it just to have it and watch it for what it is. I'll buy  it and watch it just for those really cool action scenes, but fast foward  anything on Tattoine, and Coruscant.  And DVD, this really dissapoints me  and about 7 million other people, where is it!   I feel that Lucas really  snubbed us so he makes more money in 2006 when he releases it on  DVD. (he  wants to take his time on them)   It was good until they meet Anakin and  goes downhill until they meet Darth Maul.  Then it goes up until the end of  the fight between Maul and Obi-Wan.  Then it falls faster than a star.  The  widescreen is a must for fans, and the normal if you have the others and  just want to have them all.  I really think it could have been better, but  for anybody who saw A New Hope buy it.  I just hope that &quot;a new  hope&quot; is what episode II will be:)
B00002Z88D|5.0|This CD was given to me by a Metallica fan knowing that I am more conservative in my music tastes and a big fan of classical music.  I reluctantly listened and was hooked from the second track to the end.  The  blend of the biting rock with the orchestration was superb.  The singing  style of Hetfield was a perfect match with the complexity of the  philharmonic background.  This was a true joy to hear and a huge surprise  to me.  As a matter of fact, I have since purchased 'Metallica', '. . .And  Justice for All' and 'Load'.  This is hard to say for a 40-something  professional man, but Metallica rocks!
6305750750|3.0|By saying good, I mean (being a STAR WARS fan) &quot;damn why was it such a lame movie? &quot; For starters, Jar Jar Binks was a waste of time...I mean, is he loveable?........nope. If I got the chance I would tie his  tongue to a speed train and let the rest to the beauty of  dynamics......we'd have a dramatic Jar Jar scenery in red.  Second  point....The plot was simply lame....<br />The good points: Lightsabres  battles are spectacular.....they are...I was really trapped at moments. The  trilogy lacks lightsabre action. The pod race......amazing.<br />In  conclusion.....a good movie but not as good as the trilogy. That may be  beause luke, leia, chewie and han were much more sentimental than these her  today.
6305750750|5.0|Easily as good as any of the other three star wars films.  This movie is sure to become another classic.  Despite all of the negative reviews, this movie has every sense of wonder that the classic trilogy had.  TPM is great  mythology like the others.  It doesn't flatter itself by simply showing off  its CG effects like so many other films of its genre do.  There is  substance to this movie.  With characters such as the noble jedi, the evil  lord darth maul and the duality of his senator/sith master.  Even Jar Jar  Binks helps the film along because he brings a quality of three  stooges-type humor that hasn't really been done before in a star wars film.   Overall the film is great, from its opening with the Naboo blockade until  the end with the four simultaneous battle sequences.  By the final scenes  one can only eagerly await the next movie where the tone of the series will  begin to darken.
0446525537|5.0|A Walk to Remember has to be one of the best books that I've ever read.  I read it in only one sitting, I couldn't put it down.  I want to believe that Jamie did make it, but I'm not so sure.  I highly recommend this book  to anyone.  Nicholas Sparks, when will your next book be out?
B000005RTE|5.0|A CLASSIC ALBUM FROM THE 60'S ERA. A PRE METAL    RELEASE FROM DEEP PURPLE. I FIRST BOUGHT THIS IN  1970. IT WAS OUT OF PRINT BACK THEN. I PLAYED IT TO DEATH. IMAGINE MY SURPRISE WHEN I FOUND IT AGAIN ON A CD. I  CAN PLAY IT TO DEATH ALL OVER AGAIN. EXCELLENT VOCALS,AND THE ORGAN MUSIC  IS TO DIE FOR. PUT YOUR HEADPHONES ON,TURN IT UP,       TURN OUT THE  LIGHTS. THEN GO TRIPPING BACK DOWN TO PLACES YOU BEEN TO, TO QUOTE ANOTHER  ARTIST.      ENJOY!  YOU WON'T REGRET IT.
9626341041|2.0|I have been looking for books on CD (long drive to work) and thought I would try this abridged version of Pride and Prejudice.  I happen to love Jane Austen and Pride and Prejudice is a fantastic novel.  However, this  abridged version lacked some of the best aspects of the original story.  They cut it down to 3 hours (can't be helped, I guess) and, therefore, the  story really only deals with Elizabeth, Jane being a mere afterthought.  The other sisters are barely mentioned. I am looking forward to when  someone realizes that there are customers out there with CD players in  their cars and they would like to hear the UNABRIDGED version of popular  and classic books.  I also felt that Jenny Agutter did not distinguish that  well between characters, Mr. Bennett sounded just like Lady Catherine.  I  have listened to Sense and Sensibility with Juliet Stevenson and the  difference between these 2 readers is amazing.  You are really able to  appreciate the acting skills of Ms. Stevenson versus Ms. Agutter on these  CD's.
6304712944|4.0|In the annals of musical theater, there are more than a few great scores.  Among them is Lerner and Loewe's &#34;Camelot&#34; which has more than its share of great songs that shine away from the musical play.  In 1964,  Jack Warner produced &#34;My Fair Lady&#34; at Warner Brothers.  It was  an excellent film, if a bit too cautious.  The play was a phenomenon and  Jack didn't want anyone mucking about with it.  Going to see it was almost  as exciting as going to church, even though the film itself was  entertaining and beautiful to look at.  Four years later, Warner attempted  to do the same thing with &#34;Camelot.&#34;  In many ways he failed,  but in a couple of others he outshone &#34;My Fair Lady&#34; and many other fine movie musicals.  First, but not foremost, he enlisted the  talents of John Truscott to design the film.  No medieval tale has ever  benefitted from so fine a vision.  His sets and costumes are among the  finest ever created.  Second, and this is the best  part (for me) -- he acquired the services of the finest composer/conductor  Hollywood has ever produced.  Alfred Newman had already won 8 Academy  Awards prior to scoring &#34;Camelot.&#34;  Newman was one of a handful  of composers who invented film scoring in the 1930s and 1940s.  As head of  the Fox music department from 1940-1959, Newman had the best orchestrators, best musicians and best composers working for him at Fox than could be  found anywhere else.  For &#34;Camelot,&#34; Newman had a free hand,  along with his associate Ken Darby who had worked with Newman for nearly 20  years, collaborating on such film musicals as &#34;Carousel,&#34;  &#34;The King and I&#34; and &#34;South Pacific.&#34;  The reason I'm  making such a fuss over this -- in addition to the fact that  &#34;Camelot&#34; earned Newman his 9th Oscar -- is that  &#34;Camelot&#34; rates as one of the best scored musicals in film  history and on this DVD, you can hear the entire musical score, free of  dialogue and solovocals, in 5.1CH stereo!  What separates  &#34;Camelot&#34; from &#34;My Fair Lady&#34; is that in the latter,  Warner would not let conductor Andre Previn alter the basic orchestrations  of the play.  Previn had some leeway, and it really shows in the score when  he cuts loose.  By and large, though, this did not include songs....just  musical underscore/transitions.  Newman, on the other hand, virtually  co-composed the entire score.  Using the thematic material, he wrote a dynamic, Erich-Wolfgang-Korngoldian (&#34;Robin Hood,&#34; &#34;The Sea  Hawk,&#34; etc.) underscore that rouses you, thrills you and makes you feel great even if the film drama itself can't quite live up to it.  Watching a film for this isolated score feature alone is something only die-hard music lovers could tolerate, but it's there and can be enjoyed by anyone.  Think of it as a full-orchestra karaoke feature and you can sing your favortie songs backed by one of the finest Hollywood orchestras ever assembled!  I've always been partial to &#34;Camelot&#34; for the score, the sets and the luminous presence of Vanessa Redgrave.  In truth,  however, &#34;Camelot&#34; never looked as good in its first-run roadshow  performances as it does on this DVD.  This movie shimmers and sparkles and  glows.  It looks absolutely NEW.  The sound does show its age in  spots.  If only Arthur didn't run around all the time calling Guinevere  and Lancelot &#34;Ginny&#34; and &#34;Lance.&#34;  (Lance.  Ginny.  Ginny. Lance.).  That almost ruins the film for me -- that and Arthur's  eccentric blue eye shadow.  And if only Hollywood had not entrusted another great musical into the musically uninspired hands of Joshua Logan (one of Broadway's greatest directors but whose heavy hand all but ruined the film versions of &#34;South Pacific&#34;, &#34;Camelot&#34; and &#34;Paint Your Wagon.&#34;)  It's a whale of a movie.  And the score is one of the finest ever committed to film.
0312117337|5.0|WORDS CAN NOT EXPRESS THE BEAUTY OF THIS TAROT CARD SET. LET ME REITERATE...WOW!
0140282033|5.0|This magical story was a pleasure to read. The storyline, characters and setting were remarkably real. Even the chocolate descriptions fairly jumped off the page onto my tongue. I was thoroughly seduced by Ms. Harris's style  of writing and even committed to memory some of her delicious sentences.The  heroine, Vianne, was a wonderful character, full of humanity, caring and  intelligence. The other characters of this book seem real as well. The  tug-of-war between good and evil, in Ms. Harris's adept hands, is  fascinatingly portrayed. Anytime good human beings triumph over puritanism,  I say 'Hurrah!&quot;&quot;Chocolat&quot; is a book that will stay on the  palate of your mind for a long time.
B00000JPH6|4.0|Perhaps not very well-suited for young children, Dark Crystal features several warped and mangled creatures and few, if any funny moments. Nevertheless, that is not the centerpoint of the plot and the entire film.  Dark Crystal is good fantasy at the highest point in its evolution. Rather  than creating an extrremely complex plot that will ultimately crush  everyone's brain stems, Jim Henson created a world. Populated entirely by  imaginary races (no humans, not even puppets), the world is so atmospheric  and so enthralling in its sheer scintillating liveliness that one has no  choice but sit and be fascinated. The craftsmanship is simply divine (I am  still trying to figure out how Eugra's orrery, the celestial contraption in  her cave, was originally done). This is an excellent fantasy film which  does not find itself too high-brow for the average fantasy lover, and does  not descend into the fluffy cuteness or simplicity of pseudo-fantasies. I  loved it.
6305075468|5.0|F.W. Murnau's classic treatment of Dracula has escaped a court ordered death sentence and more, yet still lingers on to this day...The current transfer from Kino and Image Entertainment is the best available....  <br />With an informative voice over commentary by historian Lokke  Heiss,...Nosferatu still chills even with excellent competition from the  Lugosi Classic and others.<br />The transfer from David Shepard is very fine  with a wonderful tinted print and an original organ score from Timothy  Brock. <br />All students of classic horror should make a point of seeing this  film,.....<br />The LD and now remastered DVD provides an excellent source for  this classic horror film..<br />(POSTSCRIPT,... when this review was posted, this DVD was the  best available source to see this classic film. <BR>I am pleased to report that KINO has now issued the official restoration that is licensed from Transit films and the Murnau estate. <br />Except for the loss of the excellent Timothy Brock score,.. I would refer all those looking for this film to the new issue.)
B000002UB6|3.0|It's a great album, recorded at a time of the fragmentation of the group.<br /><br />Beware of cheap knockoffs.  If the price is dirt cheap there is a reason for it.  Only buy from Amazon or a big box store.
6300214184|4.0|I remember when a group of friends went to see this film.... our lives changes (musicaly speaking)... Please realise it in DVD format!  (excuse my english...I dont speak english everyday)
0553565915|5.0|Are near death experiences real or are they hallucinations? Whether you credit or discredit Betty Eadie's experience, she offers a message of hope to all of us for what lies beyond.<br />Embraced by the Light offers an  explanation for the unexplainable and touches the spirit. I recommend this  book for anyone searching for meaning in their lives.
6305313687|5.0|Wow! This movie was so awsome I had to start it over again right after the first time I watched it, then I had to purchase it the next day. The acting was unbelievably true from all points on the screne. If you want to watch a  one of the greatest films about hatred from all races this is the one for  you. The movie is truly one of the best of all times. I wouldn't even waste  time renting it just buy it so you can watch it over and over again.
B000002HRE|5.0|This is a really good cd. A lot of people complain that it's not the same &quot;Metallica&quot;. Of course not, they got older and more mature. Any true &quot;Metallica&quot; fan will love these cd. Songs like  &quot;Fuel&quot;, &quot;The Memory Remains&quot;, and &quot;The Unforgiven  II&quot; show exactly why &quot;Metallica&quot; has been around for such a  long time and will be around for quite sometime.
0784010528|5.0|This is one of the greatest films about the greatest band and Jim. I have read many books about the life of the doors and the movie is pretty much online with everything else. No one person can know eactly everything that  went on in the Doors life but this movie is excellent. I have listened to  there music, read books on them, visited Jim's Grave and have experiecned  some of the things Jim had done in his life. The movie was a great reality  that Val Kilmer portrayed flawlessly. I encourage every person that has an  intrest in the Doors and life back then to purchase this movie. Also I  think there is gonna be a new movie out this year from Ray, hopefully it is  as a great as this one.
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool are known for wanting to make the listener think, and with the density of sound, lyrics and themes. How can one not think? <br />If you are a wait-for-chorus-and-sing-along person, this band will disappoint, because  Tool's progressive grind stops for no choruses. If you like no point to  your music, no lexically dense lyrics, or reality epitomised in a word,  than don't buy any album by this band.<br />But if you answer &quot;no&quot;  to the above and you like the union of truly gifted musicians, to form to  create an entity more powerful than any of the individual members. The  choice is simple: Tool is your band. Aenima is your album.
B000001F5A|5.0|This is absolutley one of the better Vangelis soundtracks I have heard ( next to Bladerunner)! With Bladerunner, one was able to visualize the moody and bleak atmosphere of the film without actually seeing it. Vangelis did  it again with Antarctica. No wonder this true musical genius is a highly  sought after artist for movie soundtracks. He is the only artist (second is  Michael Cretu from Enigma) that can take the cold, harsh electronic sounds  from a synthesizer and produce some of the most ambient and very natural  sounding environments. <br />Take Antarctica for example; One can feel the  harsh, bitter coldness and see the blinding white tundras and snowcapped  landscape of Antarctica with his music. These are the sounds of Antarctica  interpreted or produced by Vangelis' imagination ! <br />The Theme From  Antarctica lets the listener actually visualize dogs or huskies pulling  sleds or running across the white stretch of land in slow motion (much like  the runners in Chariots of Fire).<br />The beginning of the second track,  Antarctica Echoes, starts off with a keyboard piano-like sound that lets  the listener actually see ice or snow glistening in the sun. <br />Kinematic,  from French origin which means to move, is a very &quot;moving&quot; piece  with a constant and fast paced kinematic synthesized sound.<br />The last  track Deliverance is just that. It also delivers and ties the entire movie  together for the ending...<br />For the true Vangelis collector, this is one  disc not to be missed. One drawback; The soundtrack is too short with only  seven tracks... Otherwise, 5 stars!
B000002G26|5.0|EXCELLENT LYRICS, ESPECIALLY IN TRACK 10, AND TRACK 8. IT BRILL! 11
0517122707|2.0|I read this book a couple of years ago after having read rave reviews of it and an article stating that Toole was nothing short of a genius. I really thought that I'd like it.  I tried to like it, but I had to struggle  just to get through it.  I thought that Ignatius was a fatuous, unlikeable  windbag, and after a hundred pages or so I just wished someone would  throttle him.  What killed this book for me was that I just didn't care  about Ignatius.  I will try to reread this book in the next few months to  see if my opinion has changed.  If this book entertains you, great, its  just didn't work for me.
6305718954|3.0|This was by far one of the most interesting movies to come out in '99, but don't be mistaken.  The basis of the film is a quote from the &quot;Gospel of Thomas.&quot;  Many of the passages of this Gospel that they use in the  movie are not in the book.  Others are simply miss-quotes.  The filmmakers  counted on the fact that not many people have actually read the  &quot;Gospel of Thomas.&quot;  Also, the books that the movie says the  church is keeping from the faithful are easily available.  They are just  not canonized as holy texts.  However this is, after all, just a movie.  As  a movie it stands well on it's own and is worth watching.  Some spectacular  special effects (though some could have been better handled) and a well  thought out plot make this movie memorable. Great performances by Arquette  and Byrne that, in the hands of lesser actors, could have turned into a bad  movie.
B00000K0EA|3.0|TND is good entertainment but not quite up to my expectation of what a Bond movie should be.  For starters, there are simply too many action scene which caused this movie to be less classic or stylish than the pre-Dalton  Bond movies.  <br />A spy simply does not get into that kind of lenthy and  destructive actions on the street, in the middle of a city, with that many  by-standers so dangerously close by!  Miss the Sean Connery touch a lot..  <br />Brosnan, comparing with Connery is like Willies comparing with Bogart.  Yeoh is different and fun. <br />The Bond ladies are definitely more atuned to  contempory thoughts.<br />The special edition DVD, on the other hand, is quite  good.  The additional materials (Goldeneye is similar) are fun, and the  interactive CD arrangement is good.  Soundtrack is very good, of course. I  made the mistake of viewing the special sections first before getting to  the movie itself - never do that, I suggest..<br />It is good entertainment,  just doesn't feel like a Bond movie to me.  The plot is almost comic book  like, and Brosnan is somewhat invisible due to all the actions.  He is more  natural, however, than he was in Goldeneye.  <br />If you have good A/V  equipment, The TND Special Edition DVD is worthhile, Amazon price also  helps..
B000000OAN|5.0|Pompus? Yes. Pretentious? Of course. Over the top? Undoubtably. Am I talking about Bohemian Rhapsody? No, actually I meant Peter O'Toole in in the movie Lawrence of Arabia. He was one of the greatest movie actors of  his (or any) time because he could be all those things and make it work  brilliantly. Queen are the Peter O'Toole of rock, pushing all the envelopes  in every direction, and (most of the time) pulling it off. <br />I first heard  Bohemian Rhapsody when I was thirteen years old, and it hooked me  immediately. I think this was the third album I ever bought. Now,  twenty-five years later, I still listen to it and love it. The song, like  the albumn, is among other things a showcase for the incredible range of  styles Queen could play and master. There are other outstanding albumns in  Queen's catalog (News of the World, The Game, ...) but this is still the  definitive Queen album.<br />I have seen Queen characterized as a band that  makes great singles but can't put together a consistent album, A Night at  the Opera is proof this is not so.
B00001ZWBQ|5.0|The encoding of the 5.1 DTS track was amazing, this disc retains the much love stereo sound with the right amount of centre &amp; surround mixing to create the ambience of 'live in concert' effect. It brings you right 'in  the front row'. Fans of Bees Gees who has a DTS surround decoder got to own  this.
B00000JYGX|5.0|Notre Dame de Paris just received its English premiere in Las Vegas and hopefully it will be bound for Broadway in the near future.  The Live Parisian Cast Recording of this show is INCREDIBLE.  The lyrics (in French)  are beautiful to listen to.  This show is especially moving because all of  the common chorus members become the &quot;sans-papiers&quot; --those  without papers.  Every word of this show has great meaning and power.  The  music is equally as expressive.  Notre Dame is a musical for a new  generation of theatre-goers.  It is modern, the music is everything you  could wish for from a rock/pop musical.  The first time that I heard this  show, I was blown away by all of the performances.  The first entrance of  Esmerelda is so hauntingly beautiful  (&quot;Bohmienne&quot;)...this is a  show you can easily get lost in forever, and it's not a bad place to be.
0425107469|3.0|Dean Koontz is my favourite author.  I'd heard a lot about this novel and looked forward to reding it. I have to say I was very  dissapointed. The story is so silly. The thing I  like most about Koontzs books is that they  could  happen. Not this one! An intelligent dog and a big ugly monster -  its so stupid. I did not find  any suspense in it at all. I just gave it 3  stars  because I love Koontz and I don't want to affect the average 5 star  rating the book got here. My  top five DK books are:  1. Strangers  2.  Phantoms  3. Whispers  4. The voice of the night  5. Intensity/Servants of  twilight  <br />By the way, the two snow books are in my opinion awful as  well.
6303224644|5.0|People actually WANT to wear those corsets? That is the part that shocks most of my friends that I have introduced the movie to, if only for health reasons. It just shows fasion victims have been around for ages.<br />I love  everything about this movie; the singing, the dancing, the acting, the way  the ladies in the family manipulate poor old Mr Smith. Another comment that  I have had is about how the kids are allowed out onto the streets  unsupervised at night (oh for our lost innocence). Buy it, Watch it. Love  it.
B000002JSV|5.0|I have never heard anything that even comes close to matching this one!....WOW!..................Ride On BON!
0451169514|4.0|What a book!  A dark journey into the underworld of the evil that is truely terrifying.  King has done it again, with this tale.  This is a book that will draw you in, then the clown &quot;Pennywise&quot; will drag you  down..where &quot;They ALL float down here!&quot;  I was with those  teenagers/adults as they recounted there journey of terror into  self-realization.  The only reason that it didn't get a 5 stars in my book  is they ending could of been alot scarier.  Those who read the book will  know what I mean...Overall though, another masterpiece of terror by Stephen  King...
B000002JSZ|5.0|Flick of the Switch is for the real AC/DC fan!  This one is produced by the band and provides the listener with &quot;Bedlam&quot; from start to finish. After using John &quot;Mutt&quot; Lang for their previous three  albums, the band broke away from their highly produced sound in order to  try a more &quot;garage-like&quot; project. The end result has been hard to  top since! Arguably one of the band's best albums in the last 17  years! TURN IT UP LOUD AND ENJOY!
B00002SSRZ|5.0|Wow what an album!  Recorded in 1970, it proves that great musicianship is timeless and always delightful to hear.  Carlos Santana is one of the greatest guitarists of the 20th century and he shows his technique here  especially in &quot;Black Magic Woman&quot;.  Gregg Rollie (sp) blends his  vocal talent perfectly to the style of music that Santana was playing.  This is a great CD to any Rock-N-Roll fan especially on the end of the CD  when you hear &quot;Black Magic Woman&quot; recorded live.  A must have!
0440234743|2.0|One of the reviews on the cover of the book says something like the best first 50 pages ever written...well this statement certainly holds good..the book starts with a bang and you rush through the first 50 pages but then  what happens..we are taken through a tour of brazilian wetlands and the  book alternates between america and the adventure in the brazilian wetlands  :-( to find the missing heir.Skip the portions of the supposedly brazilian  adventure and read through the rest of the book...so out of the 500 odd  pages the 250 pages are pure grisham stuff thats why 2 stars and the rest a  big yawn...hoping that the next book of grisham 'The Brethren' will be a  good read.
0446605409|3.0|I liked the book. It was entertaining, but it was obviously written for the big screen. The story is formulamatic at best, and the ending was all Hollywood.<br />John Corey (Bruce Willis in the movie) is a NY detective that  is recuperating from gunshot wounds on the north eastern Long Island coast.  The local chief hires him to help investigate a double mirder of a couple  John was friendly with. They work on Plum Island, a storied place where  locals thought biological weapons were created. John is a good character,  but he wears on you. He tells jokes on every page, drinks too much while on  duty, and seems to think more with his middle leg than with his brain. I  laugh at him, but there are times he is just plain overbearing.<br />Elizabeth  Penrose (Gillian Anderson in the movie) is a straight laced detective and  she is a stunning beauty. Her and John clash at first, but eventually come  together. The other characters are Max the police chief (I keep seeing Sam  Elliot for the movie); Fredric Tobin, local winery owner and rich socialite  (possibly David Straithharn, or maybe Jean Reno); Emma Whitestone, a hottie  who heads a historical society (definitely Gwen Paltrow or Uma Thurman);  and Paul Stevens, the evil head of security on Plum Island (possibly Garey  Busey's kid). It is a stock group, and all were written for the  movie.<br />The book is a bonafide page turner until the end. It is very funny  at times, and the story keeps you interested until you have figured it out.  Therein lies the problem: everybody knows what happened, but the book keeps  going for another 150 pages so the commercial ending can happen!<br />It is  worth the paperback price, and I imagine the right readers could make the  audio version a hoot. A movie will happen, and it will be a box office hit  that the critics will hate. I apologize for the movie references, but that  is how the book read.
0060920432|5.0|When I first read FLOW in graduate school, I was struck by the simple idea of it: being absorbed in whatever you're doing leads to flow, which usually leads to feeling you're living a meaningful life. I now use  &quot;flow&quot; as a lens to consider everything; so many people seem so  miserable because they haven't found their flow activity, or haven't been  willing or able to make room for it in their lives. In my own book, WRITING  IN FLOW, for which Csikszentmihalyi wrote the Foreword, I was able to apply  these ideas to a writing life, which shows their universality. My life  hasn't been the same since! FLOW describes how to recognize this altered  state and how to make it more likely to happen regularly. It's impossible  to read this book and not find resonances in your own life.
0440214041|5.0|All of you that gave this book a bad review mentioned reasons that only someone could come up with if they had time to attack Grisham and that was there point in writing a review.  Detailed, intriguing and descriptive  parts make this Grishams best work yet.
0394810112|5.0|This book is wonderful, very funny and so imaginative.  I recently read it to my 3 1/2 year old son, who sat captivated for more than an hour at a time.  The story is completely mad, but that is the best thing about it.   We loved reading about what happened to the four horrible children.  A  classic book which every child should read!
B00000295Y|4.0|My favorites are &quot;hits from the bong&quot; and the radio hit &quot;insane in the membrane&quot;.  This CD is kickin'. I might add that &quot;bong&quot; appears to be sampling the 1968 recording of &quot;Son of  a Preacher Man&quot; by British singer Dusty Springfield.  This act really  knows how to pick 'em!
B00001U0DP|5.0|This was the most original and the most moving movie I've ever seen.  It literally brings tears to my eyes every time I watch it.
B00003E47Z|5.0|This DVD is in PAL format, which means it wont work in the USA or Canada unless you have a PAL type dvd player. Ramms+ein will release the NTSC format of this dvd soon....
0440539811|4.0|I read this trilogy when it first came out after a friend of mine told me it was true and disguised as fiction so it could be published.  I laughed a lot about that but at the time I lived in Cincinnati, Ohio on Clifton Ave.  and at 2305 Clifton Ave. was the Illumination Company.  In the sidewalk in  front of the building stamped in the concrete said Weishaupt and  sons.Really. Anyway, read this.  It was the most fun I had reading in a  long time though I had to read it more than once to be able to put it all  together.
B00000JCOV|5.0|this cd rock,slipknot is much better that most of the rock going aroun
B000001Y9I|1.0|I have been a Deep Purple fan since listening to Perfect Strangers (1984).  Since Ritchie Blackmore left, the songs are totally different.  The guitar playing, by Morse, and the overall arrangements are sub-par.  When  Blackmore was there, his compositions were beautifully written and  arranged, with phenomenal guitar rhythms and solos.  Purpendicular sounds a  little like &quot;thrash&quot; in some parts with cheesy lyrics.  Simply  put, IT IS NOT RECOMMENDED!  Perfect Strangers, The House of Blue Light or  The Battle Rages On... are all highly recommended.  Blackmore should  return.
630508999X|5.0|SCREAM WEEK!  Here in the week of Scream 3, is my review of the best one yet, Scream 2. Though Scream 3 will probally be even better than 2, from what the previews look like. 2 is a great sequel, which is superior to the  first, due to its darker and even more un-predictable aspects.  Here,  there's a movie-within-a-movie thing going on, where a movie STAB, shows  what happened in the first film. There's a character from the first being  slaughtered, and it just so turns out, Billy's mother is the killer in this  film.  But, she's not the only one. A crazed college film student named  Mickey, is her partner. Making them the second psycho two-pair, in the  Scream films. There's more bloodshed here and plenty of kills and homages.  The acting is good again. And I think its more thrilling than the first.  Oh! David Warner shows up in a cameo! This movie is just overall more fun  than the first. And I hope Scream 3 is even funner! Well, that's that with  the second film. I can't wait to see Scream 3!
0345409671|1.0|I must confess, I am very saddened by the outcome of this novel.  I was on edge, excited and waiting for it to be released, only to be shocked by the sheer boringness of it.  I do not know what Anne Rice was thinking when she  wrote this novel, Her ways of being precise and overzealous with her plots  and descriptions went overboard in this novel.  I had to force myself to  continue reading this mundane literary piece even though I was beside  myself with shock.  I think Anne Rice's creative juice have either stopped  flowing, or are on their way to that destination.  She did an extremely  excellent job on the first four Vampire chronicles, and she should have  STOPPED.  I do not recommend you to waste your money or time, this book is  definately not worth it.  Read the Witching Hour, Cry to heaven or The  Feast of ALL Saints, those are soo worth your time and effort!
0393312836|5.0|Well, after you get used the invented slang (which doesn't take long) it is very easy to read. I personally like this tongue and at times it can be quite funny. The first part of the book is violent, but what isn't these  days? This book is an excellent look at what can happen with government  given too much power which I feel we are drifting closer and closer to  these days, with the Govt. protecting us from ourseleves and all. I really  liked this story and has become one of my favorite books of all time.
B000023VR6|5.0|I liked how dre and snoop came out in still dre showing the crowed that the ace is back and is here to stay.
6305537798|5.0|This movie was WONDERFUL! It was funny and entertaining, the kind of movie you want to watch over and over again! I would definetely reccomend this movie to teens.
0385493800|4.0|I have to admit that The Testament wasn't one of my Grisham favorites after the first reading, but for some reason I picked it up again recently in anticipation of The Brethren and couldn't put it down this time.  Nate  Riley is such a deeply flawed character that I suppose it took some getting  used to his hidden charms.  On reconsideration, Grisham took a risk with  this story -- by writing about a despicably weak man who'd ruined his life  with his addictions -- and won by writing a riveting tale of redemption.  I  highly recommend it!
1559408898|5.0|This DVD is very cool!  Although I was dissapointed that the &quot;Rated-X&quot; violence scenes really weren't very long or super-special, this DVD is still an excellent buy. I bet if this movie was  released in theatres today, all that &quot;Rated X&quot; footage would be  in it - no problem.  Compared to the violence in &quot;Saving Private  Ryan&quot;, this is nothing! The intro playing behind the menu is very  cool, as are all the menu choices such as viewing the storyboards or the  director's voice over.  I thought the voice-over would be lame but it was  very entertaining and informative! If you love Robocop - you own this DVD.
B000001ELL|4.0|This album is not the start of the &quot;supposed&quot; Kiss decline that many seem to harp on about.True, this album is not as good as those that came before it.However,I refuse to accept that Kiss ever went out of their  way to make a &quot;disco&quot; album.Using Vinnie Ponica as producer gave  DYNASTY a pop sheen and yeilded a worldwide hit with &quot;I Was Made For  Lovin'You&quot;.Ace's songs are the strongest of the bunch;&quot;2000  Man&quot; being the highlight.Paul's songs are on target once  again.<br />Gene,unfortunately,gets only two chances to show his scales.Peter  plays on only one track;his  &quot;Dirty Livin'&quot;.Anton Fig plays on  the rest of the album.If you are a true Kiss fan you'll understand what  this album really is . . .a new approach to a classic formula.
B00000637V|5.0|When this album was released, the MOVIE reviewer Rex Reed devoted his entire column, (I think for an entire week!) to a review of this album, he said he felt he had to because he hadn't slept for over a week since  listening to it.  It has been echoing through my soul ever since I first  heard it: somehow the beauty and the ugliness combine to bottle our  humaness into this simple elegant perfume, &quot;Berlin.&quot;  As a  result, ugliness is not so ugly, and our beauty is sublime. Thank you Lou  Reed for this album and a re-release cd. I can't wait to hear it without  pops, I just hope you've included all the lp art, it is almost half of the  vision.
0790729989|4.0|Although this is an excellent movie, full of drama and suspense, i noticed one shortcoming of the DVD version after purchasing it....This movie is disturbingly cut into two parts, one half on one side of the DVD and the  second half on the other side...it is a bit of a pain to flip the DVD just  when the suspense is beginning to build
0792152328|4.0|There are two ways to look at Titanic- as an &quot;event&quot; movie (which it was) or as a typical run-of-the-mill movie that just happened to make about a billion dollars.<br />Like it or not &quot;Titanic&quot; was a  brilliant movie visually, and it had a story about risk and making your own  way in the world which people could actually relate to. How many Bruce  Willis films have that? James Horner deserves kudos for an outstanding  musical score as well.<br />Fine . . . but is there anyone who deserves their  success less than ego-maniac Director James Cameron? Also, I have some big  quarrels with the acting- Kate Winslett and Gloria Stuart were both  deserving of their Oscar nominations. But Leonardo DiCaprio's performance  as Jack Dawson left something to be desired. Leo actually *is* a very  talented actor (&quot;This Boy's Life&quot;, &quot;What's Eating Gilbert  Grape&quot;), so I don't find the pop mania around his persona distasteful  . . . but he just didn't feel right at all here. As for Billy Zane's  performance as Cal . . . . Yeeshk. Villians are at their most interesting  when they are complex characters all to themselves. Zane's smirk made Cal  seem like a bad guy from a Saturday morning cartoon. Rose's choice between  a safe life with Cal and a risky one with Jack is no choice at all- who in  their right mind would choose a dope like Cal?<br />Great movie. Maybe coulda  been better . . .
0812932293|5.0|Reading has never been a great hobby in my life,and dedicating too much time to a book was wasted, until I decided to buy this book, really to have on the bookshelf.  I decided to read it months after I bought it, and so  entered a life altering phase, which made more changes in my life than i  could imagine.  The book was SO well written, the topics just flowed so  smoothly from one to another. The intrigue of Richards life, and the  thought processes behind each decision, made the book an absolute gem.   Each page became more involved than the next, which led me to pay so much  attention to the book, I didn't notice I was losing a good friend in the  process.  In short, this book is woth losing your best friend for.
0380730405|4.0|This is a wonderful story!  It is one of those stories that was first read as a teenager and gets pulled of the shelf and enjoyed again every few years!
B00001QEE8|2.0|I agree with some of the other reviews - especially that the DVD does not offer anything more! In fact, the VHS copy I have has a &quot;Making of&quot; which is not on the DVD! Disney has priced this DVD too high with  nothing extra. The movie itself is classic and if you don't have it on VHS,  get it on DVD. Still, I feel Disney is milking too much out of these  limited re-issues; at the very least they could include extra features on  the DVDs (I bet they will issue special edition DVDs down the road so that  we will have to buy another copy!).
0684847248|5.0|This is an incredible book. It beautifully and clearly combines the Psyche with the spirit. I have read it many times and it continues to reveal more profound truths. Read this to transcend.
B000002J1U|5.0|Great hard rock songs and great acoustic songs. Bron-Y-Aur-Stomp sounds almost like The Beatles (Kind of a cross between Ob-La-Di Ob-La-Da and All Together Now). It's one of my favorite Zeppelin tunes. Since I've Been  Loving You is an awesome blues song and Tangerine is a great acoustic songs  (not quite as good as Going To California, though). Very good album. Must  own.
0393312836|5.0|Rightly, A Clockwork Orange is viewed as a modern classic, if you'll permit such an oxymoron. It is an intensely moralistic study of society, and its right to judge. The basis for it can perhaps be traced to an incident in Burgess's own life, when his wife faced down an Alex and his  droogs.  In the novella, Alex, the antihero, relates his adolescent  experiences, and the effects he suffers at the hands of a civilized  society. Some have accused the novel of being pornographic, violent, and  downright distasteful. First, the sexual content is minimal, secondly we  live in a violent society, and one person's concept of taste is inherently  personal. Whether art affects society or vice versa is a rich topic of  debate for middle class dinner parties, not book reviews.  Central to this  plot is the concept of sin and redemption. Even the societies who  manipualte Alex to their own ends are symbolic, eg the Pelagians.   Ultimately one could simplify it to the question of personal choice: to  choose to be 'bad' or to be forced to be 'good'. I don't belive the book to  be immoral. Undoubtedly there is an argument for Alex being amoral, after  all, he is only obeying his own philosophy. (Alex, is, literally, without  law.) We are forced to draw our own conclusions about the ethics we adopt.  I think some of the other reviews are tainted by the fact that for a long  time, A Clockwork Orange, in its proper format wasn't available in the  States. The 21st chapter was removed without Burgess's permission. This  spoilt the moral questions and also ruined the numerical unity of the book.  The 21st chapter crucially deals with Alex rejecting his violent lifestyle.  To fully understand how Burgess suffered at the hands of the ill informed,  especially after the Kubrick fiasco, one should read the Enderby novel, A  Clockwork Testament. The only thing to add is a warning: Nadsat is a  difficult idiom to grasp, but the wordplay is a glorious exercise in the  richness of language in all its forms. This is a rare book, one that  challenges the reader and makes her/him think.
0380713802|1.0|I was totally dissappointed that the author  of so many wonderful and compelling travelling stories could produce such a blatantly offensive novel. Neither Here Nor There is nothing more  than a rambling,  stereotypical take on Europe and its people. Absent is any of the charm,  wit, and carefully constructed observations of people and places that are  the hallmarks of  his other books.
0684833395|5.0|for the pleasure I derived from reading this outstandingly profound work.    I believe that if there exists one more book on the shamefulness and stupidity of war, it is well worth being, but I love this particular  anti-war book because it's the first time I've seen the army dolboyebizm  represented to the full of its disgraceful and absurd comicality. (The word  is widely used in the russian army and society and stands for unpunished  petty tyranny of people of higher rank, carried out to demonstrate the  superiority of their position and (or) as a result of the inefficiency of  their brainwork, which leads to unnecessary waste of time and energy of the  subordinates, who are forced to execute orders often devoid of any common  sense.)   The book makes an enjoyable read to the attentive reader and  leaves a deep impression because of the sanity and reasonableness of its  message, which despite its simplicity proves unfortunately so hard to  embrace.
B00000J7J4|4.0|It seems like Carlos takes a back seat on this CD to the guest artists whose popularity he piggybacks on to build hype about his new album. Overall a good album, though.
B00000JZC4|4.0|Plain and simple, this is one of the best hard rock albums of the year.  Richard Patrick is not Trent Reznor, but he certainly has his own brand of talent that cannot be denied.  Filter can go from crushing guitar and  modulated screams to acoustic melodies and introspective lyrics without  missing a beat or sounding cheesy.  Hats off to them for taking the time to  make a decent second album... bands like Limp Bizkit could learn a thing or  two.
B00002MZ12|5.0|I love this CD! Since Alanis will probably never have a concert in Iceland, I can get her singing live in my livingroom:) Totally brilliant!
6303314015|5.0|This is easily Disney's best ever. It boasts superb animation, a high-ranking voice cast and a great, if somewhat Hamlet derivative story. All of the characters are quite interesting and amusing, particularly Rowan  Atkinson as Zazu, a dorky bird. I remember when I first saw it at age  seven, I didn't manage to appreciate quite how good it is. Some adults may  think more of it than it's intended audience. If you haven't seen it, there  is no excuse not to do so.
B00000K19E|5.0|I think this movie was excelent, i have seen many time and each time like me more and more
630575067X|5.0|So many of the reviews for the Phantom Menance have taken pot shots at George Lucas and cast for the Characters and story line.  Face reality people!  The Star Wars Saga is all about the two droids and the events  around them.  Remember that the books and story lines produce the movies.   Episode I truly sets the pace for the others to follow.  It answered many  questions that 99% of &quot;Die Hard&quot; fans didn't even think about.   One can only imagine the next two installments.  I think the attention to  detail alone made this movie a future classic.  Try to imagine all the  movies inspired by George Lucas and the incredible work that ILM has  provided since the Original Star Wars.  Don't worry so much about what  &quot;You&quot; expected from the movie and accept the story for what it  is..  The beginning of an incredible storyline.
B000002UYZ|5.0|The Beatles didn't put their singles on albums, so most of these songs aren't available except here or on the &quot;Past Masters, Vol. 1 &amp; 2&quot;. In the USA, Capitol records included the singles, but those albums  are no longer available. All the current cds are the Beatles' oringinal  British-released LPs. So get this album, along with the Blue  album of  their hits from 1967-70. Any fan of the oldies will love it.
0790743132|5.0|If not the best movie ever made, Casablanca is certainy among the top three. Every bit of these fantastic movie is perfect: the flawless acting performance's by the whole cast, the endearing story, the classic lines,  the great finale, the music, the settings, the historical content, the  unforgetable characters, the memorable &quot;As time goes by&quot;, etc.  Rick and Ilsa's story is probably the greatest love story ever told  on a  movie, making almost every scene of it simply unforgettable.  Certainly, a  timeless movie that can be loved by any type of viewer, no matter the age.
B000002UCN|5.0|I love this but where, on CD, can I find &quot;Crackerbox Palace&quot; and &quot;Here Comes the Moon&quot;...is it released anywhere?  Shouldn't they be on a Greatest Hits CD?
1559408758|5.0|This film, directed by Rob Reiner, has so many funny moments you may be laughing thoughout the entire film...the band befalls many bumps in the road as they tour the states, some unfortunate...some outright stupid..my  favorites include the problem with the back-stage arrangements..the  coldcuts are to large for the bread..or the record signing promotion in a  record store where the only people who show are the band and the only  audible sound is Nigel, the bassist, desperatly trying to unlodge a trapped  bogger!  If you haven't seen this...SEE IT!
B00003XB8K|5.0|Cretu's use of Carl Orff's Carmina Burana, &quot;O Fortuna&quot; is a perfect mix of a powerfully haunting classic with enchanting new age melodies and heavy dance rhythms.  Cretu continues to impress me with his  unique mix of something old with something new.  This is his best release  yet in my opinion.
6303149200|5.0|Anthony Shaffer's The Wicker  Man has be one of the most unusual and entertaining horror films ever made.  Set on The Scottish Island of Summerisle, a police officer sets to solve the diappearance of a young  girl...what follows is a bizzare escapade of events that sets you in a  dreamlike world.  Perhaps the only Horror/Musical made...the songs are  actually quite beautiful..and sexy Britt Eckland sizzles!  Superb acting,  cinematography, direction, and a brilliant script make this a favorite!   Too bad the longer version is so hard to  find...it's even better!  A MUST  SEE!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|In 1997 when I first bout Tidal, I was just looking to waste my money on something. When I got home and popped it in my CD player, I fell in love with it. I have been waiting forever for her new CD to come out and now  that it has, I have fell in love with her music all over again. She is the  best piano player, and the best singer. She truly inspired me.
B00002EPMF|4.0|Great music with very good vocals.  Steve DiGiorgio is the highlight of the album.  Anyone who plays bass and loves the metal scene should check out this album Steve is phenomenal
B00002Z88D|4.0|I was very intriqued, to say the least about the concept.  But, all in all, it works.  &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; I think summarizes the whole concept of the album.
B000003C2U|4.0|Fantastic cd.  Aggressive album from start to finish.  Steve DiGiorgio's bass is barely audible which is the only negative I have for this cd.
B000002572|4.0|This cd is a essential to all classic rock fans. The blazing guitars and lyrics, it's awesome.  To tell you the truth, my dad likes these guys. I didn't like them at first, but then I heard some of Boston's guitar work  and decided to give them a try. So I gave this cd a listen and changed my  mind. It's a great cd. I reccomend this cd to anyone who likes rock, Boston  does have a fast tempo though. BUY IT!
B00000I8BX|5.0|Good thrash and top notch double bass drumming.  Melodic songs too
0517122707|5.0|Ignatius Riley is one of the greatest characters in all of literature. His constant complaining about everything (from his valve to Myrna Minkoff) had me laughing almost to the point of insanity! Fabulous book. I would  recommend this book to anyone whose quest is to readd al great American  literature.
B000001GXB|5.0|Maurizio Pollini is unlike any other pianist in the history of music.  The son of an architect, he has an astonishing memory and is endowed with the uncanny ability to evoke an organic sense of wholeness in nearly every  piece he has undertaken to play.  His technical gifts - supernatural  articulation, voicing, pedalling, accuracy - are unsurpassed.  Yet his  remarkable control ennables Pollini to play with utter freedom and  spontaneity, a paradox that is not widely understood even by professional  musicians and critics.  The more familiar the repertoire, the more  revelatory his approach often seems to be.<br />This is very much the case  with these performances, certainly the finest of Pollini's Beethoven  recordings.  The late sonatas require precisely the same gifts with which  this pianist has been blessed like no other: lucidity, simplicity, an often  terrifying intensity that yields to the most tender lyricism.  There is no  place in late Beethoven, nor in Pollini's sensibility, for generic  expressivity of any kind.  Every phrase is distilled to its essence, but  without a trace of premeditation.  Pollini gives us a remarkably clear  window into the liberative spirituality of a composer for whom most egoic  concerns had been subsumed in his artistic struggle.  If the late sonatas  are important to you, don't hesitate to buy this record - you'll hear the  performances of a lifetime.
B000002GFU|5.0|My father listened to this album when it was on--gasp--LP. I couldn't resist. It brought back so many memories. A true example of classic rock that lasts.
B00003XB8K|3.0|I fear that this album seems to veer somewhere between each of the previous Enigma albums, with the end result sounding mixed at best. The fact that previous albums are sampled doesn't help this much. &quot;Push  the Limits&quot; (Le Roi style) starts the album off quite well, and I  thought for a moment that perhaps this album could pull the sort of grand  vision I liked so much from Le Roi. But then we get &quot;Smell of  Desire&quot; (MCMXC, almost literally), then &quot;Modern Crusaders&quot;  (Cross), and everything's off track... The album continues to stylistically  wander around for the rest of the music, unfortunately. It's not bad but it  doesn't shine.<br />So, my recommendations: if you like one particular Enigma  album and dislike the others, this album isn't for you. If you like Enigma  in general, I'd give it lukewarm support. If you just want spiffy  background music, this might just do, but I'd prefer Deep Forest  myself...or Le Roi.
B00002E23H|4.0|If you're looking for an intelligent thriller then you've come to the wrong place, but if you want to see an action packed edge of your seat movie then check out DEEP BLUE SEA.  What impressed me the most was that  the action starts up right away (about 15 min into the film) and doesn't  stop until the end.  Many people are comparing this movie to JAWS, but far  from it.  This film is more along the lines of the POSEIDON ADVENTURE.   Worth watching.
6300214753|5.0|With this movie nobody will ever forget the 80's! The only problem is the language.
B000009QPG|5.0|I have had this album for some time now, and I LOVE it.  I'm a hard core Metallica fan, but even I'd say the Slayer has 'em whipped with this one.  Dead Skin Mask, War Ensemble and Born Of Fire are all favorites the first  time you listen.  Slayer doesen't have to grow on you, it takes the direct  approach, it attacks you when you aren't looking, beats on your skull and  makes itself a part of you.  NO ONE should pass up a album this good.
B000006045|5.0|This album is one of the most haunting aural experiences I've ever had!  A combination of ghostly angels and night creeps, Mezzanine will wrap you in a web of paranoia and bliss upon the first listen.  Overall, a stark wonder  of an album.
B000001F3C|5.0|This CD without even meaning to be is probably the best album from the earlier years of U2.  There is no other CD from this time period that has so many great songs on it and is so ahead of its time.  I like the new U2  as well but this CD is definitely from a different time the sounds are much  more laid back but the album is filled with emotion and meaning.  Great CD  overall.
6304698526|5.0|Whether you like cars or not, the car chase scene in Bullitt will simply take your breath away. It is several minutes long and there is no sound but the squealing of tires and roaring of engines. Awesome. Mustang fans are  rabid for this scene.
6303477259|5.0|Totally enthralling concert ! David Gilmour is as good as you can get! My personal favorites: ONE OF THESE DAYS, SPEAK TO ME, BREATHE, TIME, MONEY and US AND THEM are absolutely fabulous. Unfortunately, no DVD version yet.  Buy this video ! You will not be disappointed !
6305537798|4.0|I really liked this movie. The father was a crackup, i loved how he used &quot;teen lingo&quot;. Julia Stiles made an excellent screen appearance, as well as the person who played Mrs. Perky, the guidence teacher. Larissa  was a wonderful &quot;popular girl trying to show that she's really a  person&quot;. Heath Ledger, um, he was one thing i DISLIKED about the  movie. His acting was poor, and he was not very into it. Levitt, who played  Cameron, was a very good nieve little boy. As for his sidekick, whom i  haven't seen since &quot;Life With Mikey&quot;, was funny as usual, and i  was glad to let him back onto my TV screen. The plot of course was  predictable, but the song from Letters To Cleo (Want you to Want Me) made  the whole thing worthwhile watching to the end.
B00000DFRS|5.0|The best song on this album would be My Love is Your Love.  For 1 this song was my cousin's song to her husband at their wedding and 2 the part where she sings &quot;if I should die this very day, don't cry cause on  Earth we weren't meant to stay&quot; reminds me of my little cousin who  passed away last year in April.  So that song means alot.  I don't really  have to comment on other individual songs on this album, no matter if I  heard them or not I would automatically know that they were great because  Whitney is great.
0684874350|5.0|I have just finished angelas ashes and    the Tis  a memoier. I will say that i have read many many books in my 50 years on ths earth but have never had a book affect me as these two books did. they touched my heart and soul  to the very depths I experianced laughter outloud one minute and five  minutes later i had tears rolling down my face. i could not put the books  down and found myself reading untill the wee hours of the morning.God Bless  the man. a must read indeed
B000002UB3|4.0|It was Paul who brought the lads together one last time to Abbey Road, and it's McCartney who is weakest on this classic record. His contributions foreshadow the weakness of his soon-to-be solo career: smug,  self-satisfied, cutesy. Consider the annoying cuteness of &quot;Maxwell's  Silver Hammer&quot; and &quot;Golden Slumbers,&quot; the dopey silliness of  &quot;She Came In Through The Bathroom Window,&quot; the boring, hoarse  croaking of &quot;Oh! Darling&quot; and &quot;I Want You.&quot; Even  &quot;Her Majesty&quot; is just a little too cheeky. And Lennon's clever,  hipster song &quot;Come Together&quot; was later revealed to have been  &quot;inspired&quot; by Chuck Berry's &quot;You Can't Catch Me.&quot; Abbey  Road suffers as well from an excess of seemingly drug-fueled imagery and  surrealism (Octopus's Garden, for starters). It's George Harrison who  really shines on his allotted two songs. Since &quot;My Guitar Gently  Weeps&quot; on the White Album, it was Harrison, and not his more exalted  mates, who was delivering the most inspired Beatle songs.  &quot;Something&quot; has become something of a standard, covered by  countless others. &quot;Here Comes The Sun&quot; is, far and away, the best  cut on the album. This was the era of Harrison's greatest creativity.  Sadly, he wasn't allowed to more greatly dominate Beatle productions in the  end.
B000002579|5.0|There are very few albums that can measure up to the music of Leftoverture.  From the powerfull &quot;The Wall&quot; to the breathtaking &quot;Cheyanne Anthem&quot; this CD delivers great music on all tracks  without exception.  &quot;Carry on Wayward Son&quot; and &quot;Magnum  Opus&quot; are in a league of their own, as some of the best music of rock  or any genre.  There are few albums I can just turn on and listen to  straight through without skipping tracks, but this is one of them.  The  music takes you to a whole new state of mind, and sort of induces a state  of conscious sleep.  It's amazing.  If you're a rock fan, or just  appreciate good music, there is no way that you could not like this album.
6305313687|5.0|Wow...I wasn't too keen on watching this film based on its premise, but it is truly one of the best films I've ever seen. Not many films would dare to peer into the cancer that is white supremacy, yet show that there can be a  redemption of sorts. The most thought-provoking scenes occur during Derek's  (Edward Norton) transformation in prison. Here, he finds that everything is  not as he thought it was, and that some injustices are very real. He  eventually befriends a black inmate who unconditionally treats him as an  equal (despite clearly knowing Derek's racist views), and soon learns that  his friend is serving 6 years for a mere theft that has been trumped up to  &quot;assault of a police officer&quot;, while his own sentence for  murdering two black men is lesser. And yet this does not come off as some  preachy statement on the injustices faced by blacks who commit crimes  versus whites. The film levels the playing field quite admirably. Avery  Brooks does a fine job as the Sweeney, a black teacher who recognizes the  blind hatred in Derek and consequently in his younger brother Daniel  (Edward Furlong), who is swiftly following in his brothers footsteps.  Sweeney, reflecting on his own youth, sheds light on reverse-racism in  growing up black. Both Edwards (Norton and Furlong) deliver intensely real  performances.<br />This film, like no other I have seen in recent years, so  well conveys the concept that the only real enemy is not to be found in  another person, but in the blind, untempered hatred within us fueled by our  fears, insecurities and misunderstandings.
B00001QEBQ|4.0|This movie was pretty good because there was a plot, complications, and some surprises. There was humor. Actually, a lot of humor. That's why the kids loved it most.
6305657947|5.0|If you see this movie for pure action, then this is not the one for you. This movie is all about ROMANCE, the action is the icing on the cake. A lot of viewers seem to view this movie as a 007 movie,&amp; this is definitely  NOT one. The whole essence of the movie is about 2 people from different  backgrounds, when they first met, understood each other; the rich man  playing for fun, not the money; the insurance agent working for money, not  fun. In this 'cat &amp; mouse' game, they seemed to know each other better  than anyone else; hence the attraction. The rich guy could have any girl,  but he loved her enough to give up his fun for her, returning the painting  back to the museum. You really have to be romantic to love this movie.  Again, not for the action-minded ones.
B000002U82|5.0|It was the first vinyl I ever bought.  It was the first CD I ever bought.  It's still my favorite \\"rock\\" album.  <br />I just bought a new copy because my old one has gotten too scratched to play cleanly all the way through.  I  was surprised to find the new one different from the old one in several  ways, and not just in the art work.  This new one was remastered in 1992  and the sound is definitely different from the one I bought around 1985.  I  won't say one is better than the other but they are different.  The new one  is a little brighter.  The bass is tighter, punchier and the overall  recording level is higher.  These things are fine and good but then the  apparent locations of the instruments and vocals are less precise, there is  less of that \\"they are in my living room\\" feeling and more of that \\"I'm  flying through space\\" feeling.  And there's more reverb on the new one.   Listen carefully to Clare Torry's voice, for example.  Just thought someone  ought to point out the fact that this isn't quite the same recording it  used to be.<br />Having said all that, I'll also say this is music that never  fails to grab me emotionally.  I don't look at it as lyrically profound or  mystical, there's just something about it that draws me in and takes me  right out of the real world every time, no drugs required, though a dose of  caffeine enhances the trip, as it does most musical experiences.  If I have  a complaint it's that the overlaid snippets of dialogue, i.e. \\"I didn't  know I was really drunk at the time,\\" are too distracting and seem out of  place.<br />In an earlier (Jan 19, 2000) post here, one reviewer states he  dislikes the album because he hears it too much on the radio, then goes on  to admonish us to read a book instead of listening to the music.  I can  only point out the obvious fact that radio overplay has no bearing on the  original merit of the music.  Here's an idea: turn off your radio.  There  are far better ways to find new music.
B00003W8NM|4.0|&quot;Fight Club&quot; was one of the most overlooked films of 1999. Yes, it attracted a lot of controversy for it's graphic violence, but a lot of people missed the film's main point. It is a jarring, thought-provoking  satire on society in the 90's, and it's consistently sharp observations  about men and their search for lost identity is something that is easy to  admire. &quot;Fight Club&quot;'s unflinching portrayal of destruction and  havoc unleashed, physically and mentally, is at times tough-going, but  never boring to watch. David Fincher does a masterful creating both a  visually and mentally compelling picture. Edward Norton is good, but Brad  Pitt is simply astounding as the fearless sociopath. The film's scrutiny of  man's needed gain for power and ultimate rebellion against society may be  too pessimistic for some people, but might also be tremendous for others.  The only major flaw in &quot;Fight Club&quot; is it's last third, it  totally goes off-course, and detracts from it's overall credibility. That's  too bad, because if it wasn't for that, this could of easily been one of  1999's most brilliant film. It's definitely still worth a look though, it's  too important to miss.
076780421X|3.0|This was ideed a sweet movie; a movie that had you thinking about a sequel.  I really enjoyed the soundtrack. Maybe it too could be made available.
B000031WD9|4.0|&quot;American Pie&quot; is daring in that it presents as its heroes 4 young men, relatively popular and good-looking guys, who have made it to their senior year of high school as VIRGINS! Amazing--it's been years since  Hollywood portrayed teenage life in this manner. Anyway, &quot;American  Pie&quot; is a raunchy teen flick happily devoid of the aesthetic ugliness  that characterized John Hughes films (what happened to John Hughes?). It's  actually a pretty funny film, even in its nastier moments (the, uh,  hyper-expedited digestion scene with Finch is completely contrived and  unnecessary). One question--why would Jim get jiggy with the pie in the  kitchen, with the blinds open where anyone can see or walk in? He couldn't  wait to get the luscious pie into his bedroom, where he could spend some  private time with it? That one stretches the limits of plausibility.  Really.
B00003CXDU|4.0|Extremely Funny! If you are even vaguely familiar with the Star Trek universe or worse yet - been to a science fiction convention - you know that Galaxy Quest is bang on. Tim Allen, Siguorney Weaver and Allan Rickman  deliver the goods as the down and out cast of the defunct, campy sci-fi  show, Galaxy Quest. This is one the kids will like too but will wonder why  their parents are laughing so hard.
B000002C1X|5.0|The Whole album is a story behind Roger Waters' psychological wall. The Wall is a double-CD album. Disc 1 is about The Wall being built, and Disc 2  is about Roger Waters trying to tear down The Wall.<br />This album features  26 songs most of which sung and written by Roger Waters, This next list of  songs are either not written by Waters, or sung by David Gilmour in some  sections. The songs not entirely sung by Roger Waters are:<br />The Thin  Ice<br />Mother<br />Goodbye Blue Sky<br />Young Lust<br />Hey You<br />Comfortably  Numb<br />The Show Must Go On<br />Run Like Hell<br />Waiting For The  Worms<br />Richard Wright in this album is only a half-a-member, because of an  argument between him and Roger Waters, that caused him to leave but stayed  for The Wall as a paid musician. But the album sounded good anyway. For  this album the got instead of Female Singers, Male singers as well students  from Islington Green School in London ,where Waters went to, to do  background vocals on Another Brick In The Wall (Pt.2), and was heard on  Another Brick In The Wall (Pt.1), Bring The Boys Back Home, and Outside The  Wall. <br />There are some songs on this album that are only a half-a-minute,  a minute, or a minute-and-a-half long:<br />The Happiest Days Of Our Lives  (1:45)<br />Another Brick In The Wall (Pt.3)(1:48)<br />Goodbye Cruel World  (0:48)<br />Vera (1:35)<br />Bring The Boys Back Home (1:21)<br />The Show Must Go  On (1:35)<br />Stop (0:40)<br />Outside The Wall (1:40)<br />The most wierdest song  on this album is The Trial. It sounds like a song during a rock opera movie  like The Who's Tommy.<br />Some songs on the album were written for a reason  and some others weren't:<br />In The Flesh? is about Pink Floyd's concerts,  named after the 1977-78 Tour.<br />Another Brick In The Wall (Pt.1) is about  Roger Waters' father's death in World War II,<br />The Happiest Days Of Our  Lives, and Another Brick In The Wall (Pt.2) is about the teachers at  Islington Green School where Waters went to that were mean to the  kids.<br />Mother is about Waters' mother's overprotectiveness after Waters'  father death.<br />Young Lust is about Waters' fear of sex.<br />Goodbye Cruel  World is about the wall being completed.<br />Comfortably Numb is about people  who have coaxed Waters with drugs in the past.<br />In The Flesh is about  prejudice in the world.<br />The Trial is where Waters acused himself of being  crazy, and The Wall come falling down.<br />Outside The Wall is when Waters is  Free from his psychological wall.<br />So buy this album, it really isn't that  wierd,  because of Roger Waters not so good voice. (No offense to Roger  Waters)
0792835719|5.0|One of the best. For it's day the effects are very good. The story moves along well. Having the widescreen available really enhances the film. This is a real classic that many sci-fi movies coming after it owe big time. I  love having this on DVD.
B000001FDQ|4.0|This is one of the best Yngwie-buy's ever made. If you're a guitarfan of any kind, this is a must-have. Yngwie shows his best side ever on this album released in the 80's. He plays technically with lots of feeling,  energy and enthusiasm. Tracks 1, 5 and 7 are my favorites. Especially the  quick tempo-switch on no. 7, &quot;Little savage&quot;. Allthough Yngwie  claims to use the same gear on every album, this one has a very special  sound to it. The sologuitar is cleaner and more sustained than usual. It  reminds me of like the sound of used on &quot;Trilogy&quot;. Not too heavy  not too relaxed, a great album made by a great guitarist.
076780421X|4.0|This was ideed a sweet movie; a movie that had you thinking about a sequel.  I really enjoyed the soundtrack. Maybe it too could be made available.
B000002TQV|5.0|I bought The Bends after buying OK Computer. I wasn't expecting it to be better than it. After all, OKC has been on the top of all the 'Best Albums' lists, so how could this one be better? I was blown away by it. It  surpassed OK Computer. The Bends is much more melodic. Although all of  Radiohead's songs have good lyrics, this one seems to have ones that really  mean something to you. You can find at least one line that seems to be  talking directly to you. I've had this cd for about a year now, and I am  still awestruck by it. I cannot possibly try to pick a favorite track from  it because they are all equally wonderful and amazing. It has such a range  of music, there are full out rock songs like 'Just' and 'My Iron Lung',  then there are softer songs like 'Bullet Proof(I Wish I Was) and (Nice  Dream). The album is in such a way that all the songs just flow. It's  wonderful for any mood at all. If I had my way, The Bends would be on the  top of all those lists. I would suggest that everyone and anyone get this  cd. It's just too amazing to let it pass by.
B000002C1Z|5.0|Animals is a great album, talking about 3 kinds of Animals relating them to humans. The Dogs are like the CEO of the company, taking down the stock without thinking. The Pigs are the self-rightoues tyrants. And The Sheep  are the mindless followers being killed by the dogs. By That reason these 5  songs were created:<br />Pigs On The Wing (Part 1) (Roger Waters)  (1:25)<br />Dogs (David Gilmour, Roger Waters) (17:03)<br />Pigs (Roger Waters)  (11:30)<br />Sheep (Roger Waters) (10:18)<br />Pigs On The Wing (Part 2)(Roger  Waters)  (1:25)<br />All Sung by Roger Waters except Dogs. Dave Gilmour sings  that one.<br />This list shows you all the changes in each song.<br />Pigs On The  Wing (Pt.1-2) is a song where Waters plays his acoustic guitar and  sings.<br />Dogs: <br />I. Acoustic Guitar, David Gilmour: vocals, Guitar Solo,  vocals<br />II. Moog Synthesizer, Guitar Solo<br />III. Acoustic Guitar, Guitar  Solo, vocals<br />IV. Barking SFX, Arp Synthesizer<br />V. Acoustic Guitar, Roger  Waters: vocals, Guitar Solo<br />VI. Guitar Solo<br />VII. Vocals<br />Pigs:<br />I.  Hammond Organ, Bass, Guitar<br />II. Vocals<br />III. Guitar, Snorting SFX,  Vocoder: Waters<br />IV. Vocals<br />V. Guitar Solo, Birds Chirping and Sheep  SFX<br />Sheep:<br />I. Electronic Piano, Bass<br />II. Vocals<br />III. SFX, Arp  Synthesizer<br />IV. Bass, Synthesizer, Hammond Organ, Vocoder<br />V.  Vocals<br />VI. Guitar Solo, Birds Chirping, Sheep SFX<br />Buy this album, If  you have 45 minutes to wait, and nothing to do listen to this. Unless if  you're 'just another sad old man, all alone, dying of cancer', that line  line from Dogs might sound offensive.
6302256615|4.0|Let's see here.  We have Patrick Swayze as the Zen-Buddhist, bank robbing, surfer guru Bodhi.  We have Keanu Reeves as Johnny &quot;I AM A FBI AGENT!&quot; Utah. We have Gary &quot;I was once nominated for a Best Actor  Oscar&quot; Busey as Utah's over-the-hill partner.  We have an absurd plot  about surfers, bank robberies, and FBI agents.  It looks like we have all  the ingredients for a bad movie: bad actors, hammy acting, and a really  stupid plot.<br />Yet &quot;Point Break&quot; is a very entertaining film.  It  is fast paced and fun.  It's the kind of movie that you just slip your  brain into neutral and sit back and enjoy.  Of course, it's a hoot to watch  Keanu as Johnny Utah. (Gotta love that name!)  Keanu is at his wooden best  here and he delivers some real knee-slappers.
B000002I2M|4.0|Ther's only one Doorsalbum that can outgrade this one and that's the first one, simply called &quot;the Doors&quot;. This album contains songs like &quot;Riders On The Storm&quot; (my favourite) and &quot;Don't You Love Her  Madly&quot;. To the sound, it's identical to the the first one. This was  made just before Jim flipped out, which resulted in the weakly made  &quot;Soft Parade&quot;. Why isn't it worth 5 stars? well the  songarrangement quality is a bit muddle. Otherwise than that, a great buy.
B000002B7Y|4.0|&quot;No Rest for the Wicked&quot; ain't no masterpiece. But what it does offer is no apologies and possibly one of the most enjoyable Ozzy albums ever. There is sort of a sillieness quality on this album, especially the  &quot;Ha-Ha&quot; song to Jimmy Swaggert. Zakk Wylde's debut on this album  is very good. His style of playing is much different that Jake E. Lee's.  Songs like &quot;Miracle Man&quot;, &quot;Fire in the Sky&quot; and  &quot;Demon Alcohol&quot; stand out very well. And a couple of other songs,  like &quot;Devil's Daughter&quot; and &quot;Tatoo Dancer&quot; have some  great instumental parts to them. And, of course, there's the  better-late-than-never song, &quot;Bloodbath in Paradise&quot;, is silly,  but still, it's got its own charm. Daisley is great, and Kerslake's  keyboards are right on time, and Randy Castillo's &quot;Run to the  Hills&quot; style drumming is tolerable. The real highlight is the bonus  track, &quot;Hero(?)&quot;, it might be one of Ozzy's finest songs.  &quot;No Rest...&quot; doesn't stop the world, but it's approach to not  being too serious and just having fun really is refreshing.
B000001F2H|3.0|This is a great album to buy to find out why fans were spray-painting &quot;Clapton is God&quot; around London in the mid-Sixties. Clapton's fantastic sound (was it the equipment? the recording? both?) and licks are  what makes this album worth buying, unless you are a fan of John Mayall's  voice, in which case you should seek help.
B000005AYM|4.0|I really enjoyed this album.  I found that her live album of the same work was incredibly better!  She's truly a great artist!
6302820448|5.0|Today is Groundhog Day and this movie features of one of the geniuses of the world and a large furry squirrel.  No, nothing is better than that.
B000020617|5.0|Roak and Roll lives thanks to the foo fighters. The Foos are my favorite band and i have all 3 albums,and all of them are great. The first one has the nirvana sound,the second one is the best with the modern rock sound.  This is defintely their softest album,but its still great rock. Get all 3  albums.
0679720200|5.0|The Stranger, like most of Camus' works, focuses on the soul of man, and its reaction to certain situations. This book, I felt, was extremely depressing due to its truth of how the protagonist ends his life in a  sense, making himself believe in his guilt to overcome the fact that he  ruined a, more or less, wonderful life. Read this to gain insight. Warning:  NO FAIRYTALE HERE
B00000JCOV|5.0|this is one of the best bands i have had the privelage of hearing in some time.  nine members may seem a bit absurd,  but each contributes well to the finished product which is a sound all its own.  great lyrics,  very  dark and obviously felt by the person singing them.  amazing energy is  carried through the entire album.  if you like metal,  you've gotta pick  this up!
0446310786|5.0|I first picked up this book when I was babysiting for my neighbor. I started reading it and didn't put it down. To Kill A Mockingbird is easily a classic, portraying southern society in the '30's and the injustice that was often thrust upon blacks. The story is told through the eyes of a  child, Scout. To Kill A Mockingbird tells the story of a horrendous crime  (the supposed rape of a girl by a black man)and how it shocked a quiet  southern town (Maycomb).
B000002C1X|5.0|I have only resently became a big Pink Floyd fan. I have always liked some of there songs songs but I was not a huge fan until this. There are so many good songs on it and the blend together so well. I suggest that any music  fan should by this.
079283321X|5.0|THIS is a great tale about a worrior who triuphs over himself to a chieve what many would say is quite immposible. He shopws you what courage &amp; faith are and how to deal with when the going gets rouph. If you have not  sceen this film I suggest you should go rent it and if you are like me you  will rent the others and and soon buy the whole series. If I could I would  of graded it a 25 out of 5 it might seem a bit boring but it leads to a  great moral and the other ones including # 2,3,4&amp;5 are also exxelent.  These movies were shown to me when I was 9 years old and I loved them. But,  don't take my word or any one elses go rent them yourself and then show  them to others                    god bless this heart fealt film &amp; you
B00000JOWG|5.0|This is an absolutely spectacular CD. Actually it's 2 CD's,but you already knew that. I have the normal CD,but I couldn't pass this one up. The second CD with all the live tracks is one of the best I've ever heard. It has  Pretty On The Inside(which is one of my favorite Hole songs). Plus 5 other  songs. One of which is called Paradise City.It's a Guns&amp;Roses song(I  despise that band),but Hole did a great job on it considering it was a  &quot;joke cover&quot;.You also get plenty of Courtney's stage banter,  which is a real treat. She really let's one guy in the audience have it,and  of course she comments on the fact that she lost her voice on a  Guns&amp;Roses song. Anyway the live tracks rock,and Courtney's stage  banter is really cool and funny. I suggest you get this album.
B000003TA4|5.0|I'm 15, so I wasn't really &quot;around&quot; when Nirvana was huge. I have listened to pop music all my life, basically, I guess, because all my friends have too. And I had no idea what I was missing. Then I just  happened to borrow Nevermind, out of curiousity. Before that I never  realized what music can do to you. Pop is just about feeling good and  dancing, but this is something so different. It was incredible to discover  how deep and dark feelings it is possible to explore listening to this  album - a world-shaking experience for me. It took me 15 years to find out  what real music is about, but now that I have, a whole new world has been  opened to me.
078401213X|5.0|Okay - so the math wasn't exactly as significant as it might have seemed to nonmathematicians.  But it was still a fun theme, and the path of &quot;one mad theory to explain the universe&quot; hasn't exactly been  unheard of among math's best and brightest (e.g., Pascal).  The filming was  interesting, the soundtrack jarringly exhilirating.  A very interesting  idea for a movie with an innovative presentation.  Enjoyable if you like  offbeat flicks.
0783221487|3.0|Dune is, by all means, a very entertaining film though it lacks letting the viewer know what is going on. Only people who have read the book (or are watching with someone who has read it) knows the vocabulary and the  functions of various characters. Lynch's directing is astounding. Visualy  this is my favorite film ever, the spice captains are extremely interesting  to look at and the costumes are incredible. There are so many parts of the  movie that work well that it is hard to look at the films biggest  wound...its quickness. Personaly I would not have minded if Lych made the  film 500 minutes long, but I felt so robbed and dissapointed that the  viewer was catipulted to a &quot;2 standard years later&quot; scenario.  This movie begs to be remade and I would do anything to have it so. The  music, actors, and Lynch's awesome...(I can't find a word for it) make this  film even worth owning (if you don't mind reading the book too!) Anyway I  stand by my claim that this is the most epic film in 30 years...
B00002E23H|5.0|If you like that fast paced movie that keeps you jumping and guessing, Deep Blue Sea will be perfect for you. I went to see it because I love Thomas Jane, (Who stars as Carter, the shark wrangler.) but it wasnt too  far into the movie that I decided I loved this movie for more than that  reason. Its so suspensful you will be on the edge of your seat through the  whole thing! If you like Jaws, then this movie is also for you because it  talks alot about the sharks and makes them out to be very resourceful  creatures......
B000001FTQ|5.0|Before the blinking TVs and ironic bombast of the ZooTV tour, before the soaring golden arch and giant olive of PopMart, U2's theatrics were moments of pure emotion.  Wide Awake in America captures live a classic take of Bad  plus what I believe is the definitive version of A Sort of Homecoming, with  Bono's voice at its emotional peak.  The studio tracks were released as  b-sides, but could have easily been included on the Unforgettable Fire  album.
0380002930|5.0|Oh, man, at first, I didn't think I'd like the book, but I read it anyway. By the time Captain Holly yells &quot;Zorn! Zorn!&quot; on the hill, I was riveted. But even though you can guess, I'd at least at the end say who  Hazel's visitor is. And, as a final statement: That Bigwig's got some  willpower!
0141301155|5.0|I could taste the mint swudge in my mouth as I read the book!  The book is a descriptive masterpiece and every child must read this novel, or be deprived!  All children should venture into this fantasy land, as it  provides insight into imagination and childhood troubles, like the  goings-on of Veruca, Mike Teevee, and Violet - classic spoiled children.   It is a wonderful book, a classic, and it is not to be missed!  Yay, Roald  Dahl!
0425098478|1.0|Can anyone learn the complex art of management by reading fairy tales?  Probably not, and certainly not from this book.<br />The book is the glib story of a manager who does almost no work.  He isolates himself from his  employees, forces them to make his decisions for him, and withholds useful  information from them.  On a regular basis, he manipulates their emotions  through pre planned reprimands and praise.<br />Bosses like the One Minute  Manager exist in real life - the unproductive, poisonous managers who make  everyone's life miserable.  In the story, of course, his employees display  a cult like devotion to the him, and are eager to apply his techniques to  their own hapless subordinates.<br />The book is not a positive guide for  managers, and is not recommended.
0783226063|5.0|The first time I saw this movie, I thought it was weird.  Now I think that this is a good movie.  Dune is a good representation of the future.
B00003CWPR|4.0|Many viewers thought that Stanley Kubrick's &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; was the most disappointing film of the year (perhaps aside from &quot;Episode I&quot;). I think that this is the result of wrong expectations. People  wstormed the theaters to see explicit sex-scenes featuring Tom Cruise and  his wife Nicole Kidman. The rather stupid trailer further enhanced this  believe.<br />&quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is rather an absorbing story about  the odyssee of a man on the streets of New York. This man is Tom Cruise who  is out to find an outlet for his jealousy ignited by a confession of his  wife. It is essential to be interested in this man and his motives,  otherwise you will be bored since this film runs over 150 minutes. I was  fascinated not only by Tom Cruise's nocturnal adventures but also by  Kubrick's brilliant directing. The music was, as always in Kubrick's films,  a major plus, as was the acting (yes, also Tom Cruise). My main criticism  is the too explicit ending and the overdone scene where Nicole Kidman wakes  up from a dream an tells her husband about it, with tears in her  eyes.<br />&quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is a worthy final effort in an amazing  career. Perhaps the reputation of the picture will rise over the years.  After all, that was the case with many films by Stanley Kubrick.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This album is great.  It's easy to listen to and has some really cool guitar solos and revolutionary lyrics.  In my opinion, I think Rage is a lot better than most other rock/metal/hip-hop bands out there because they  have meaning in their songs.  All the Rage albums are great, and you should  really look into listening to them!
0780625129|5.0|This movie is an astonishing in dept story about neo-nazis in todays society. They deal with US problems of today such as jews, blacks and minorities ruining the white cathlic race. A must see for any one enthused  with the topic of racism in current day america.
B000007T1M|5.0|As we near the end of the millennium there are still a great many issues which the United States and the world as a whole must still face. After nearly 1000 years the forces of corruption, racism, sexism, oppression,  terrorism, war, and abuse still rage on in a system of politicians, a  conformist public and those on the outside looking in. The ensuing chaos at  hand represents a reckoning day for the system of a down. Similar to these  misunderstood events a band hailing from Los Angeles, CA of the same name  is facing the turning tide of musical genres. From the intensity of a metal  band to the over-the-edge power of punk, System of a Down blend the sounds  together using both styles' outspoken political rage as a platform. Throw  into this mix a hint of rap, jazz, Middle Eastern, Armenian folk,  Americana, hardcore and classic rock and you have the great American  melting pot System's name seeks to represent. Vocalist, Serj Tankian's  powerfully voice bellows at times over Daron Malakians's unconventional  guitar lines and then the mood swings creating a dynamic twist to near  silence. Add in the roaming bass lines of Shavo Odadjian and the on-top  drumming of John Dolmayan and the feel of the song takes on a new  direction. Balancing intensity and aggression with a quiet and moody  surprise allows System of a Down to make their music point more  effectively. The quartet's vast range of influences mean no one label can  accurately describe the bands almost schizophrenic sound. Non-traditional  song structures and some unique production effects color to System's  self-titled debut. Catchy riffs and easy to sing along with melodies offset  some of the more complex music sections and the assorted growls and screams  as System revolts against the redundancy of the current pop-music  landscape.  The lack of normal musical definition was in-part created by  producer and label owner Rick Rubin and engineered by Sylvia Massey (Tool)  as well as System themselves. Utilizing the bands Armenian heritage and the  vast array of Southern California musical styles, System are able to draw  from so many different palettes that each song takes on its own unique  persona. Having toured with everyone from the OzzFest 98 lineup to metal  greats Slayer and Fear Factory have only added to System's prescence in the  modern metal landscape. The conflict and aggression the band displays on  the album is made even more explosive on stage. So challenge your ears and  mind by becoming aware of the System of a Down and experiencing  non-conformity in music and opinions as have never seen or heard before.
0440213525|5.0|This book was my first of John grishams books and still my favorite. I can read this book over and over agian I really enjoy it. This book is put together with real charm. It displays excitment,drama,comfort,sensitivity  and even (and greatly) humor. #1 in my book!
B000000H3W|5.0|Excellent Metal album .Probably one of the best heavy cds of all time.Excellent songs dead embryonic cells,desperate cries,arise,and altered state.truly atmosphreic instrumentation on all the songs,a must own for all  fans of metal ..get it now if you don't already have it...cya
6304539487|4.0|I'm a huge animation fan myself. In total I think I have about 49 films, and Ghost in The Shell is one of my favorite. It starts off kinda slow but you get right into it and dont want to stop watching. If you arr a huge fan  of sci-fi/action anime then you'll love this movie. It has some cool action  scenes and one really cool hand to hand combat scene. It's a good movie...  you shouldnt miss this one.
B000035Z2L|5.0|I'd have to say this was probably one of the funniest movie I seen in 99. At least that's my opinion. One of my favorite scenes was the one  with Biggs and the foreign exchange student in his bedroom. I couldn't stop  laughing! This movie is filled with several memorable moments.  I feel  people of almost every age will enjoy. Except for my grandparents!  This  is a film for anyone who enjoys &quot;cutting edge&quot; comedy.
B00001NFCY|5.0|A an astoundingly amazing cd.  The lyrics alone are powerful.  When you add the music and Scott Stapp's awesome voice.  The cd Rocks!  If you bought My Own Prison then buy Human Clay.  I have both cds.  They actually  changed styles, but only slightly.  I like Human Clay better.
B000000H64|5.0|These guys are so creative a industrial death band that its amazing.They make each song sound unique .They are apart in what they do .compared to there fellow metal bands so creative.Replica is a excellent song.New  breed,pisschrist,flashpoint,and demanufacture .this i am telling you is a  must own for everyone not just metalfans they are so talented a band...i am  truly hooked on fear factory they rule. cya PEACE FELLOW FEAR FACTORY  FANS.~
0920668364|5.0|I read this to my class at a daycare center and they loved. I liked the book so much I bought it for my two month old son. When I read it to him he smiled and liked hearing the song sang. Now when he cries I will sing the  song to him and it quiets him down. It is a great book to show a parents  love no matter what age the child is. I definitely reccomend it!
B00000JY1X|5.0|Definitely the most underrated release of recent years.....<br />I work in a record store and have been doing my part to promote this genius to anyone who'll listen! (And to those who don't!) It's funny because it's true. It's  sad because it's true. It is perfect.
0345438205|1.0|This is perhaps the biggest letdown I have ever read. The Odyssey series is one of the greatest sci-fi series of all time. But Clarke seems to have ignored all the questions of the other books to write this. The first 3/4  of the book is boring drama about how Poole adjusts to 31st century life,  then the last bit rips off the ending to Independance Day (which  incidentaly is completely ludicrous). Overall a big let down considering  this ends the series.
0060931736|4.0|I loved this story because it talked brilliantly about the impact a teacher can have on students, especially ones of an impressionable age.  Reading it, it is hard to imagine that  Jean Brodie could have seen how  perceptive her students would be.  It leaves one to wonder where all her  pupils will be as they leave her study.
B000003TA4|5.0|Words cannot describe the greatest album of the 90`s and possibly of all time.
0380977281|5.0|Gaiman's mastery of storytelling is once again evident with Stardust.  Neil's descriptive style reminds me a bit of an orator, delicately spinning highly detailed worlds that still leave the listener to flesh them of their  own imagination.  You will never be bogged down by any excess, but instead  will be pulled happily along with the wit and wordplay through each twist  of plot.  The fantasy world of Stardust is an intriguing mix of mythologies  (Gaiman's specialty) and original ideas, filled with wonder and adventure  without losing itself to senseless action or pretentious melodrama.  Stardust plays like the Princess Bride: a story so rich it would delight  children and parents alike. (with maybe a word or two pulled out for the  kids).
B00000J7J4|5.0|The man has the ability to rise up from the flames like the Phoenix.  His music is still great and has made the rest of the world perk up and listen to his masterful workings of the guitar and everything else in his music.   And to be nominated so many Grammys, IT'S ABOUT TIME!
0385484518|1.0|What makes a wonderful personal memory doesn't necessarily translate into an enlightening read for others.  No doubt Mitch holds vivid deeply felt memories of his former professor - who sounds like quite a wonderful guy -  but the &quot;lessons&quot; learned are obvious.
B0000399WI|4.0|This movie was wonderful.  Each character was fully developed and realistic.  It gives the viewer a good glimpse at what prison life might be like for inmates.  Morgan Freedman, especially as a narrator, was  fantastic.  I recommend this movie to anyone looking for a movie with a  good plot that keeps the viewer tied to the screen till the final  scene(which was directed perfectly, by the way).  Compared to the last  several movies I've laid my hands on, this one, by far, puts them to shame.
B00003Q438|4.0|The book treatment is better than the movie. For those of you disappointed by the original ending in the movie, the book's is much more believable.
6305750750|5.0|this was a superb movie. The special affects where fantastic. Jar jar gets annoying alot. But if you are a true hard core fan you learn to ignore because that's the way george wants it, even if you don't totally agree.
0316920045|2.0|&quot;Infinite Jest&quot; brings up the same sorts of questions and puzzles we face when we consider &quot;Ulysses&quot; -- can an unreadable book be worth writing?  Worth publishing?  Does it enrich our culture  somehow, being out there, even if few will finish it?  Of course, neither  book is literally unreadable -- and there is an important difference:  &quot;Ulysses&quot; is worth reading to the end, &quot;Infinite Jest&quot;  is not.  And yet I suspect that DFW is codgier than the rest of us on this  -- I think he KNEW that the book was unreadable in the strong sense (i.e.  not worth it); I think, in fact, that's part of his point.  Which brings us  back to the original question: is it possible that  it might make sense for  this book to be out there -- that it somehow enriches us by making us aware  of it, by making us debate it, by making us face these same old tough  questions once again?  Whatever; one thing's for sure, whether or not it's  enriched us, it's certainly enriched the bank account of David Foster  Wallace.  One less starving artist.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I really love the Affirmation cd because Darren and Daniel are so honest with their music.  I especially like &quot;Gunning Down a Romance&quot;, &quot;The Best Thing&quot;, &quot;Affirmation&quot;, and &quot;I Knew I  Loved You&quot;.  Savage Garden is definitely one of the most talented and  original artists around.  The two boys from Down Under are amazing.  Plus,  Darren is one of most gifted vocalists I've ever heard.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|At any given time, I can pull this album out and be blown away by the raw power of it.  My stereo volume is never able to go high enough to do justice to Death or Glory, Guns of Brixton, Hateful, I'm Not Down, Rudie  Can't Fail, Clampdown... and all the rest of the songs on the CD.  Not a  clunker in the lot.<br />I bought the CD almost 15 years ago to replace the  vinyl (one of the few vinyl pieces I've held on to), now I've bought the  y2000 remaster to replace the poor original CD release.  The sound is  great, but for me there's no need for the reproduced lyrics that will  remain in my brain till I'm dead.  Essential of course for the uninitiated.  Top 5 of all time, no question.
6301174240|5.0|Before I saw this video, I never liked Micheal Jackson. I thought that he was weird and strange, and wanted nothing to do with him.<br />But one night, I was in Blockbuster, and rented this film for laughs. I wanted to see what  it was like. Sort of a morbid curiosity, if you will. I swear, from the  opening sequence,(a dance sequence from one of his Pepsi commercials,) I  was amazed. the stereotypical Michael Jackson that had existed in my mind  up until that point vanished.  I had never seen anything like this before.  This man is unquestionably one of the best dancers that has ever lived. He  rivals Barishnikov, Fred Astaire, John Travolta, you name it, he can do it.  He has his own style that seduced me into MJ Fanhood that night, and still   Wows me today.<br />Even if you think that you are incapable of liking Michael  Jackson, and are only looking at the customer reviews of this video on  amazon.com to see what kind of losers actually watch this kind of stuff,  Try it out. Just give him a chance, like I did. Like lots of other people  have.<br />I think that You'll be thoroughly surprised.
0345350499|5.0|Every couple of years I ask everyone I know to list the ten books that they have most loved or been influenced by, and every time I see Mists of Avalon on more than half the lists: from both women AND men. Okay, so  occasionally the continuity is off or the writing is a little heavy-handed.  The story more than makes up for it, hence the five star rating. Finally an  Arthurian tome that does not make out midwives as witches and herbalists as  heathens. The creeping violent dominance of Christianity will have you  fuming, swearing never to drink green beer again on St. Patrick's day, as  you see how he drove the Druids (represented by serpents) and nature-lovers  from Britain.  Mainly, though, this is a story about women finding  themselves and creating their destinies, and a good one at that. And hey,  where else will you find an agoraphobic Guinevere?
0062502182|5.0|This is a sweet tale.  You could quickly read it and get a nice surgary taste in your mouth. Or, you could go deeper and get a combination flavors.<br />I think this book shows that there is no one important event  that shapes our lives even though it might seem obvious that there is.   Very often the most subtle instances can carry as much weight as those that  are widely evident.<br />While our hero learns important lessons from the  Alchemist himself, it is the other characters who are as important to  Sheapard boy's development.  Pay very carefull attention to the camel  driver. His thoughts on life are deep and worthy of meditation. But they  are also plan on how to live everyday life. Be the moment!
B00000K19E|5.0|As someone who doesn't generally like action flicks, sci-fi, or Keanu Reeves movies, I was stunned by how great I thought this one was! The script is great, the directing, cinematography, you name it. The only thing  I found a little off was the costume design. For a Matrix reality set in  the late 1990s, why were people wearing so much black vinyl/leather? That  was really my only complaint.  The &quot;follow the white rabbit&quot;  feature on the DVD is excellent, showing how all the special effects were  created. And even though I remain not-a-Keanu-Reeves-fan, I have to admit  that he did a very good job in this role, and this movie is a definite  winner.
B00000K31V|3.0|On the cover of this movie it says~&quot;Makes THE MATRIX Look Like Child's Play.&quot;~SAN FRAN. CHRONICLE.....Not even! Even though it has a somewhat clever plot/ending,it fails to deliver ANYTHING of the MATRIX! IT  is a great movie.....if you watch it right before the MATRIX! An otherwise  good movie,actors/scenery....A good choice!
B00003XB8K|3.0|its been 3 years since enigma released his third album but unfortunately this brand new one is not worth our waiting for that long. the songs are not catchy as those in the previous three albums. they lack of melody most  importantly.. however, gravity of love - its one of the best songs of  enigma in my view. the samples of carmina bruna has added a different  atmosphere to the album too. but the overall quality of the album is not  high. so i give it 3 stars .. not this time Cretu !
B00000K31V|3.0|On the cover of this movie it says~&quot;Makes THE MATRIX Look Like Child's Play.&quot;~SAN FRAN. CHRONICLE.....Not even! Even though it has a somewhat clever plot/ending,it fails to deliver ANYTHING of the MATRIX! IT  is a great movie.....if you watch it right before the MATRIX! An otherwise  good movie,actors/scenery....A good choice!
B00000DFTH|2.0|First of all your better off just buying all their cd's, cause there are good songs that aren't on this cd, second of all, The vocals on this cd aren't that great, Although the two new songs rock, they just don't make up  for the high price, and there are just too many live albums out there with  these songs on them. So find a friend who has  this cd and barrow it first.
B000002J1Y|5.0|Some may disagree with me, but one of the reasons this Yes live album still outdoes the others they've released is the aforementioned cruddy sound quality. It may not sound pristine and pure, but the music SOUNDS  live, not like a studio set with a live audience cut in the way their other  live discs sound. It's raw, it has mistakes (check out Jon Anderson's  hoarse gasp on &quot;Starship Trooper&quot;), it features great moments of  individual virtuosity (Chris Squire's bass solo on &quot;The Fish,&quot; a  Bill Bruford drum solo and, natch, a Rick Wakeman keyboard extravaganza),  and it never fails to remind you that &quot;progressive&quot; doesn't mean  &quot;bloodless.&quot; Get this album and, to coin a heavy metal axiom,  CRANK IT UP!
B000000H4V|5.0|Clerity! , This cd stands outdo to the fact that Max has cleaned up his vocals and the band has cleaned up their over all sound. They still have thier death metal edge(even though there is less double bass)and have added  a tribal sound to thier music, They still have the thick and heavey sound  but the music is more understandible.
B000003AEB|5.0|This album is better than &quot;The Chronic.&quot; There is no doubt about it. While &quot;The Chronic&quot; was without a doubt a hip-hop classic and a landmark album in g-funk (which Dre basically invented),  &quot;Doggystyle&quot; is the result of both Dre refining his sound and  Snoop refining his rhyme. It's a beautiful thing... This album is filled  with laid-back grooves (&quot;Lodi Dodi&quot;) and out-and-out party  anthems (&quot;What's My Name?,&quot; &quot;Ain't No Fun&quot;) alongside  horror-filled urban narratives (&quot;Murder Was the Case,&quot;  &quot;Serial Killa&quot;). It's the perfect balance of gangsta, playa and  pimp all rolled into a fat blunt for all to smoke on. Sure, it was  graphic... sure, it was violent... sure, it probably offended the majority  of people who listened to it... but it sure was fun, wasn't it? Get this  album... if you're a real hip-hop head, this deserves to be in your  collection.
B00000I9MK|2.0|I really, really don't understand why people idolize these first two B&amp;S albums.  I like The Boy with the Arab Strap.  It has poignant songs that are worth listening to.  But on its predecessors, B&amp;S sound like a  band trying very, very hard to be clever and for the most part failing.  I  do think Tigermilk is the better of the two, marginally.  Expectations and  She's Losing It are very good (&quot;Who needs boys when there's Lisa  around&quot;--ow! sexy!), but the rest of it, I feel, is average at best,  and Electric Renaissance is virtually unlistenable.  I dunno...TBwtAS  leaves me spellbound, but for the most part this just leaves me cold--there  must be something good about it if so many seemingly intelligent people are  singing its praises, but for the life of me I can't tell what.
B0000013GT|5.0|&quot;Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik&quot; was good, and I do not doubt that it was groundbreaking and put Outkast on the map. But &quot;ATLiens&quot; was by far and best album they put out. The Source gave  it 4 mics and gave &quot;Aquemini&quot; 5, but I really believe that they  were giving &quot;Aquemini&quot; an extra mic to make up for not labeling  &quot;ATLiens&quot; a hip-hop classic. I can understand how fans of the  first album might not have understood or liked the new sound, and it truly  is a departure from the pimp stylings of their debut. &quot;ATLiens&quot;  runs deeper, fusing soul, R&amp;B and smooth-as-molasses hip-hop with Big  Boi's street-wise raps and Dre's spiritual soliloquies. It's a beautiful  album, and one that any real hip-hopper should have in their collection.  Highlights, well, every song is a highlight, but when it comes down to it,  the driving beats of &quot;Ova Da Wudz,&quot; &quot;Jazzy Belle&quot; and  &quot;Elevators&quot; surpass anything Master P or the Hot Boys ever came  out with. And &quot;13th Floor/Growing Old&quot; is one of the most  poignant hip-hop spirituals of all time. Get this album.
B000031WD9|4.0|The unrated version of this DVD is exactly what was shown to UK cinema goers! I was expecting to see something extra!  O well, still a hilariously funny movie so long as you don't take it too seriously, and aren't easily  offended.
B000002WU9|4.0|Wu-Gambinos. It sounds strange. But after 1996, it was strange no more, as Chef Raekwon debuted this album, &quot;Only Built for Cuban Linx.&quot; <br />Crime tales, shoot-em-ups and drug deals paved the way for this tremendously entertaining album containing some of RZA's best work. Raekwon's sharp-as-tacks lyricism holds it down for those not all that interested in the music, as he and Ghostface Killah (who is on just as many songs as Rae) spit Mafia tales straight outta Shaolin.<br />But for those who are into the music, check out &quot;Criminology,&quot; where a simple vibe loop holds your attention forever, &quot;Wisdom Body,&quot; where the same thing happens with a bangin' piano chord, and &quot;Rainy Dayz,&quot; with its fornlorn string loop and syncopated beat. <br />But the best songs are by far &quot;Verbal Intercourse,&quot; where Rae, Ghostface and Nas share the mic over an Oriental loop, and &quot;Heaven &amp; Hell,&quot; also found on the &quot;Fresh&quot; soundtrack, where Rae and Ghost spit more crime tales. While the subject matter can at times get repetitive, Raekwon's intricate wordplay keeps the album moving. This is an excellent Wu album.
0671867369|3.0|This book confounds the reader with its compelling story and research and its careless translation.  Perhaps history has provided a story that could not miss on impact.  The writer continuously contradicts his own writing  (&quot;As is the case in all wars [this]&quot;, and, one paragraph later,  &quot;As is the case in all wars [that]&quot;) and provides less than a  graphic picture of what actually occurred on the ground.  Nonetheless, in  the end, the reader feels connected to the men of Easy Company, as if they  had become close friends.  Too much stock was paid to the word and  recollection of one protagoninst, and too much insult to his antagonists.   In addition, one cannot help but reflect on the apparent war crimes  committed by certain soldiers in Easy Company and think that, at least on a  one-to-one basis, we did nothing different than the Germans.  If I were  able to elect to read it for the first time again, I would, but, given the  obvious depth of research and work put into the book, I would think that  editing could have produced a more lucid and objective account.
B00000K0T8|4.0|Raekwon pioneered the &quot;Wu-Gambino&quot; philosophy with &quot;Only Built For Cuban Linx,&quot; his &quot;solo&quot; album which featured this man, Ghostface Killah, on nearly every track. It was in that same spirit  that Ghostface released his solo debut, &quot;Ironman,&quot; the most  soul-infused Wu project. Snippets from the Delfonics, Al Green and the  Jackson 5 can be heard throughout the album, but the beats are strictly Wu.  The result is a beautiful but bleak mixture of soulful chaos, architected  by the RZA at the peak of his production potential. Gems? Ohhhh yeah, there  are plenty. Check out &quot;260,&quot; the story of a coke robbery gone  wrong set to a dark, nervous horn loop (sampled from of all people,  happy-happy Al Green). Also look for the scathing &quot;Wildflower,&quot;  where Ghost snaps on an ex, and the amazing &quot;Daytona 500,&quot;  probably the most complete song on the album, containing brilliant cameos  by Raekwon and Cappadonna's best verse to date. Also, the most surprising  inclusion was &quot;All That I Got Is You,&quot; a tribute to Ghost's  mother set to a Jackson 5 loop and with Mary J. Blige on the hook. This is  a great album.
0440234743|2.0|Every time I fall into the Grisham trap. I loved his first three books. I had my doubts about The Client and was really disappointed with The Chamber. It never really got better after that. Good beginnings of the  books, but the endings have been a real anti climax ever since The Chamber.  The Testament is better than the previous two or three books of which I do  not even remember the titles. I guess it isn't a coincidence that his books  haven't been made into movies after the first four books. Or were the  movies even worse than the book. I do not think I will buy the bretheren.
B00000JZC4|3.0|First off, &quot;Take A Picture&quot; is one of the best songs to come out since Smashing Pumpkins &quot;Mayonaise&quot;. The rest of the disc is okay. You might be feeling the other songs more than I did.
B000009EAD|5.0|Excellent CD, my favorite from the band.  Tracks 2, 4, and 7 are instant IE classics.
6305665753|5.0|For many reasons this movie's title is a very apt one. Because the movie was exactly what it claimed, over the top. Over the Top is very much a Sylvestor Stallone movie. The same themes that were weaved into the Rockey  series are prelevant in this film. It's about a truck-drivin'  simple-hearted, arm-wrestlin' champion who, due to an unfortunate accident  involving his ex-wife, is reunited with his egg-head son. The unlikely pair  ply Hawke's truck over the highways and byways of America. At first, the  gulf that seperates these two seems to be so deep and wide that a  reconciliation would be impossible. However, the polarized personalities of  the pair come together in an odd way and the father and son, before  disticntly individual, become one entity; the form a powerful, inseperable  bond that not even the boy's influential and diabolical grandfather can  break. If you're in to big, powerful rigs and guys and ex-professional  wrestlers and strongmen, this may be your cup of tea. It sure was mine.
0880381736|5.0|This book is a great. The companions must travel across the land to defeat a dragon highlord and his army. The action and descriptions of the characters is great and is a must read for anyone.
B0000070SN|5.0|I discovered this thing years and years ago, and immediately gravitated to it. Some 20+ years on, it's still not lost its heavy, spacey charm. British proto-metal side by side with processed bleeps, stuttering electronics, and  Radiophonic Workshop-style SF soundeffects, done totally live and totally  over-the-top. And the lyrics...all ominous, all dark, with additional 'fun'  from SF author Michael Moorcock. The one to get for those starting out with  Hawkwind, I think...as well as for anyone who thinks 'space rock' has to be  of the floaty-drifty proggy style ala Pink Floyd, et al. Saturate brain  with chemicals, press play, head for Alpha Centauri...
B00000ICLV|3.0|This record in my opinion and in the opinion of those acquaintances of mine familiar with Jethro Tull is not very good. You may disagree if you hear it (and, of course, you are certainly welcome to disagree), but it's  hard for me to imagine you will. <br />I doubt it's possible for any group  with a considerable output to be consistently good, but to those of us old  enough to remember, this and the subsequent &quot;Too Old To Rock And Roll,  Too Young To Die &quot; (which I've never bothered to listen to in its  entirety) represented the end of an era in popular music, an era dominated  by progressive rock and MUSICAL exploration (as opposed to  &quot;alternative&quot; posturing). <br />Jethro Tull's, then great,  popularity dwindled to a cult following, a rabidly loyal cult following it  seems (see below), but Jethro Tull and popular music were never to be the  same.
B000002MM8|5.0|this cd is an inspiration to every one.  Just when i thought music was dead i heard this cd and fell in love with music all over again.  This music is so beautiful and passionate it should not even be considered music  its more of a feeling or emotion.  Thank you dcd
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica's S&amp;M is a great compilation of some of Metallica's great songs. It is a semi-live format and it rocks.
B000007MVX|5.0|I have every album Tull ever put out (except for Nightcap), so you could call me an obsessed Tull fan.  I've had Passion Play on vinyl for ages but wanted the CD to add to my collection.  Well, I'm listening to it right now  and it is just awesome.  What an ambitious and creative piece of work!  Sure, it's not for everybody.  You'd have to have an appreciation of good  music to get into this album.  Otherwise, it will be way over your head.  If that's the case, stick to your Ricky Martin records.<br />Another reviewer  said this album was boring.  Are you joking?  A Passion Play takes the  listener on a magical journey through all sorts of shifting time signatures  and musical themes.  It is NEVER boring; in fact, it is quite challenging  and stimulating for the duration.  One listen, 10 listens, 100  listens...you can find something new and exciting in the music or lyrics  each time.<br />Ian is a God, a genius, a 20th century Mozart.  This guy is so  talented it's scary.  On Passion Play, his composing skills are  awe-inspiring and his playing is unbelievable.  The band plays with fire  and conviction, as if they knew they were creating an album for the  ages.<br />I enjoy every aspect of this album.  Even &quot;The Hare Who Lost  His Spectacles&quot; is hilarious in an odd, Monty Python sort of way.  No  wonder the critics hated it.  It was way, way over their heads.  They just  wouldn't admit it.  Typical critics.  Those who can, create art.  Those who  can't, criticize it.  Ian, you are the man.
0385493800|2.0|A friend lent me the book to read and though I have only read a few of Grishams novels,(mostly earlier ones)I was mildly disappointed in THE TESTAMENT. I did not care for the story line and it seemed to far fetched to believe. I guess once in a while,a dud comes out and this is the ONE!
0783225733|5.0|Hi there, <br />I've read a few of the reviews of this movie here on Amazon.com(the review from January 27, 2000 is spot on), but I haven't seen one yet that mentions the soundtrack bonus. It's not written in as one of  the features of this DVD so I consider it to be an Easter Egg. I don't know  if those of you who own this DVD know this, but there are 14 musical tracks  included on this DVD. I found them by accident. When I first went to the  menu of this movie and heard the music start to play, I thought it was like  many other DVD movies in that this great music would play for 20 seconds  and then repeat. Much to my surprise, the music kept going and going and  going. I dumped the music to my computer as a wav file and then I separated  the music and found that there were fourteen complete tracks. I made them  into mp3's and now I listen to them regularly. James Horner is a brilliant  composer and this soundtrack is on par with that of his other scores  including The Hunt for Red October and Titanic. You will not be  disappointed with this DVD movie. So many features, WOW!
B00002E23H|4.0|What begins as a dull and boring festival of gab gab gab elevates into all-out thrills and chills when the first shark attack looms up out of the water...literally. Apparently some shark flick made in 1975 was the  inspiration for this thriller and it shows. Experiments on the brains of  sharks are being conducted in the hopes of finding a potential cure for  Alzheimer's Disease. But their painstaking efforts prove fatal when their  work is suddenly disrupted when the shark they are working on gets angry  and hungrily bites off a man's arm in full camera range. From then on its  fear and terror as never before. Images from some little flick made in 1997  called &quot;TITANIC&quot; begin to look familiar as the survivors swim and  flee for their lives as the sharks charge after them. One thing they have  not counted on in their experiments is that they have made the minds of the  sharks to be more intelligent than normal and have entered the range of  human thinking in looking for their prey. One by one do the humans fall  victim to the sharks, most of them in gory detail with some pretty vivid  and realistic special effects. These should be enough to make you wary of  swimming out into the deep end of the ocean. The only flaw here is the slow  and gabby beginning, the somewhat two-dimensional characters and partially  dry script. But the effects and the frenetic action make up for these and  then some. You'll watch in horrific wonder.
630575067X|5.0|You don't exactly have to have seen the other three movies to appreciate this one but it is helpful.  This is a great movie setting up the upcoming II and III ( V or VI) however you view it.  The story line is excellent and  the character history is right on with Lucas' vision. For the ladies this  one isn't the best but just wait till number II it is said to be a romance.
0767811070|5.0|In, hollwood we see epics like Ben Hur and The Godfather to Goodfellas.We consider these epic movies because they sweep us into a storyline full of dramatic tones.What makes an epic shine a good storyline and charachters  that you can understand and relate to and care for.Is this Boyz N The Hood  yes it is and much much more,this movie is a true modern day epic and truly  sweeping an incredible  storyline that will keep you involved.it's a very  realistic masterpeice and frank look into the life of inner city youth and  the battleground they must deal with everyday not on a war zone but in  there own neighborhoods.<br />      Powerhouse performances by Cuba Gooding  Jr. and Ice Cube.This movie tells us what living in this world is today and  the battles you must fight not only for yourself but for the ones you  love.<br />     A orignal film powerful and very real as well as touching and  sad.Admist all the violence ,chaos of a war torn Los Angeles.A heartfelt  film and the<br />unfortunate truth very real.
B000002KIE|5.0|... and so did popular culture. This is not just the best &quot;punk&quot; rock album your dinero can buy, it is the best rock album ever--period. It  is scathingly articulate. Its context and energy are foolproof, even  ironclad. The Pistols did not &quot;steal&quot; anything, just as the  Beatles did not &quot;steal&quot; from Chuck Berry or the Everly Brothers.  Nor were they McClaren's puppets. Remember, McClaren did not write one of  these songs. &quot;Never Mind the Bollocks&quot; is a spit in the face of  anyone who still listens to the Eagles or Fleetwood Mac. It always will be.  For more context, read Lydon's superlative bio &quot;Rotten: No Irish, No  Blacks, No Dogs.&quot;
B000002UAO|5.0|This is probably my favorite cd I own.  There's really not a bad song on the whole thing.  The quality is even more amazing when you consider the context in which it was first released.  The 45 rpm was the dominant  format, and any Lp had a lot of filler material.  Anyone of these songs had  the potential to become a major hit.  Also, these songs have aged much  better than some of their other work.  Granted Strawberry Fields Forever is  a masterpiece, but outside the late 1960's it doesn't really have much  directly in common with popular music.  The songs on Rubber Soul are  timeless -- they'll sound as good today as they will 35 years from now as  they did 35 years ago.<br />Drive My Car is the opening song, and it's a good  country-based rock song with a good beat and excellent chords.  Norwegian  wood is a knockout of a song with just the right amount of sitar, and John  Lennon's lyrics are great. <br />You Won't See Me is good song, but compared  to the rest of the cd is just an OK work.  Nowhere Man has a really catchy  melody and lyrics;if you've never heard it before, your'e bound to find  yourself singing it when you east expect it.<br />Think For Yourself turns up  the heat a little bit and has some heavy beats.  The arrangement on this  song is nice and shows off some cool sounds.  The Word is an ok song, but  not as good as most of the other ones.<br />Michelle is one of the best songs  on the whole album.  It showcases Paul's ear to write a pretty tune.  Ringo  co-wrote What Goes On with Paul and John, and it has an upbeat countryish  kind of feel.  It's a strong song.<br />Girl is a cool song by John; the  opening is captivating and is in the same vein as Norweigian Wood.  I'm  Looking Through You has its ups and downs.  The organ part is both strange  sounding and approriate at the same time.  It's probably the most awkward  song.<br />In My Life is fantastic.  It's not all that well known, but it's a  classic song which still sounds as new and original in the year 2000 as I'm  sure it did in 1965.  The piano by George Martin is almost breathtaking.   Unfortunately for me, it sounds to my ears like a couple keys run together,  but considering how fast it's played I don't think it's avoidable.  I  wonder how it would've sounded if Paul has played it though?<br />Wait is good  song similar to I'm Looking Through You, but a little softer.  If I Needed  Someone is pretty strong throughout, but isn't one of my favorites.  Run  For Your life is another one of those catchy tunes with solid lyrics and  excellent instrumentals.  <br />I didn't want this album to end, that's how  good it is.  You can listen to Revolver right afterwards and it feels like  a continuation, but then the songs start getting a little trippy, so the  connection fades.  Rubber Soul is nothing less that excellent.
B00003CWPR|5.0|I WHOLEHEARTEDLY AGREE WITH THE SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA REVIEWER (SEE BELOW).  I LIKED EVERYTHING ABOUT &quot;EYES WIDE SHUT&quot;: THE SOFT LIGHTING (USED FREQUENTLY IN EUROPEAN FILMS AND SELDOM IN AMERICAN FILMS), THE CHRIS  ISAAK MUSIC, THE SETS, THE COSTUMES, THE PACING, THE WRITING, THE ACTING  AND ESPECIALLY THE DIRECTING!  A SIGN OF A GREAT FILM IS WHEN MORE THAN ONE  INTERPRETATION CAN BE DRAWN FROM IT.  MINE IS ABOUT THE TOM CRUISE  CHARACTER.  CRUISE PORTRAYS A SUCCESSFUL DOCTOR WHO THINKS HE IS HAPPILY  MARRIED  UNTIL ONE NIGHT WHEN HIS WIFE DROPS A BOMB INTO HIS WELL-ORDERED  LIFE.  NOW WHAT IS CRUISE SUPPOSED TO DO?  SHOULD HE GET EVEN?  SHOULD HE  GET DIVORCED?  SHOULD HE JUST FORGET ABOUT THE WHOLE THING?  THE ODYSSEY  THAT CRUISE UNDERGOES IS SIMILAR TO THE SELF-DISCOVERY THAT HUCK FINN OR  ULYSSES EXPERIENCES.  TO SUM UP EVERYTHING THAT I'VE BEEN  SAYING--&quot;EYES WIDE SHUT&quot; IS A MASTERPIECE AND SHOULD NOT BE  MISSED.
0783228457|3.0|A lot of good movies out there are ruined by their extreme length but here's an example of a good movie that fails because it's too short...at a little over 80 minutes, Videodrome does not wait around for you to catch on  and most viewers, I suspect, will be totally lost...on the other hand,  James Woods gives an excellent performance (as usual), the special effects  are terrific, and I couldn't take my eyes off Deborah Harry the whole ten  minutes she was in the movie...
B000002LGW|5.0|Clearly one of the best albums, especially 101-b. My personal favorite is &quot;Never Let Me Down Again&quot;<br />You like Depeche Mode?  You WILL LOVE this album.
0446672653|5.0|Dr. Weiss' experiences with regression therapy, and the incredible, inspiring stories of his patients, have given me a whole new interpretation on everything from my own views on death and the afterlife to the real  purpose of our lives here, and why there is still reason to hope. I bought  this book after finding my own soulmate, seeking answers to powerful,  otherwise inexplicable connection we have, and got even more answers and  profound insight than I bargained for. I never was certain if I believed  reincarnation was real or not until I began reading Dr. Weiss' books, and  now reincarnation is a matter of fact in my life, and in my perspective on  everything.  I would recommend this book, and any of Dr. Weiss' books, to  anyone who has wondered what our real purpose is, what souls and soulmates  are really all about, or who is looking for healing answers to life's pain  and loneliness.
B00001OH1S|4.0|I am absolutely thrilled that I have &quot;found&quot; two new artists on this soundtrack.  Nina Simone is always superb but what a find in Wasis Diop and George Fordant!  While I enjoyed Sting's opening track,  &quot;Windmills...&quot;, and the smooth tracks created by Bill Conti, I  keep &quot;Everything (Is Never Quite Enough)&quot; and &quot;Caban La Ka  Kratchie&quot; on Replay.  The soulfulness and rhythm of these two tracks  will satisfy any true music lover.  I am a romantic at heart, and I hoped  the soundtrack would trace Brosnan and Russo's relationship; I was  disappointed that the Latin music from their steamy dance scene was NOT  included.  I'll just keep pushing Replay and start hunting for more music  from Diop and Fordant.  This soundtrack is worth it!
0792152328|5.0|I have never seen such a good film as &quot;Titanic&quot;! It's the best of all! It has been my favourite since I saw it first time, two years ago. I also think that the music is beautiful.  If you like sad movies, this is  the one for you!
0671027344|3.0|Mr. Chbosky's novel successfully relates his story in the form of letters written by Charlie, the fifteen-year-old protagonist, to an anonymous &quot;friend,&quot; a nice change from a more conventional diary format.   The first half of the novel seems somewhat unfocused, but this also  reflects Charlie's state of mind as he enters his first year of high  school.  Events from his past are sporadically mentioned, but the principle  concern is his present feeling of isolation from peers and family. Charlie  finds some acceptance with a small company of older students preparing for  graduation.  They are present or participate in his adolescent rites of  passage - drugs and alcohol, first loves, dating and sex - all of which are  chronicled with almost painful accuracy.   He has always been more  concerned with the feelings of others but their advice is for him to  participate in life, not merely observe from sidelines, a goal he cannot  seem to achieve.<br />Dealing with his sisters pregnancy, supporting a gay  friend after a broken love affair, even the death of a schoolmate are  situations that leave him unfazed.  Only the crush he has on an &quot;older  woman&quot;, Sam, leaves him devastated.  The reason for this, as well as  his overall withdrawal from the world around him, is finally explained in  the final dozen pages of the book. All of the meandering plot and small  story lines come together in a compact and unforgettable conclusion, making  the whole book well worth the reading.
6303965415|5.0|Of all the recent Austen films, this is definately the best.  Her most personal and romantic novel is brillantly realized. Subtlety is lost on moviegoers these days.  But if you have the patience and heart of a  romantic, you will not be disappointed by this gem.  The performances are  perfect especially the leads Amanda Root and Cirian Hinds.  The supporting  cast spectacular.  If you have read Persuasion, you'll love this version.   When you see the film you will want to read the novel.  Take the time to  enjoy this one.
0393317552|5.0|A disarmingly easy read on a controversial topic.  Diamond sets out common sense ideas in a well organized and well written manner. If you are a believer in some kind of genetic racial superiority idea this is the kind  of book that will get you hot under the collar. It might even make you  think and stop dragging your knuckles!
B0000024SI|5.0|...my old battered, worn-out and unplayable lp of highway 61 is one of the 3 material objects i will grab!<br />i cannot say how much this album meant to me as a teenager.  dylan's voice would enter into my body and relieve me  and relax me from the anguish i was feeling.  pretty drama queen of me, i  know, but synesthesia (look it up) does exist.<br />as the fbi agents were  coming to question me, the radio just happened to be blaring: &quot;at  midnite all the agents/and the super human crew/come out and round up  everyone/that knows more than they do&quot; -- yeh, i know, but it IS a  true story.<br />is it the greatest rock album ever? dunno &amp; don't care; i  haven't really listened to rock for 20 years now.  but no music ever had as  profound an influence on my life as this.<br />sorry, bobby; know you don't  like people saying you were that important to them -- but you WERE!
6305648522|5.0|The Italian subtitles of this DVD are incorrect. All accents appear as strange letters and the transcript is often inconsistent with what the characters are saying.  The index has several Italian mistakes. It is  unfortunate that such low standards were used in producing a DVD for this  beautiful movie.
6305750750|4.0|Despite the poor reviews it has received, The Phantom Menace is truely a good movie.  I agree that it does not possess the powerful scenes of The Empire Strikes Back or the fairy tale plot of A New Hope; it has its own  charm. George Lucas has introduced us to a number of fantastic worlds and  presented us electrifying action sequences. The point to remember when  watching this feature is that it's not a film in itself, but rather the  threads from which the Star Wars tapestry will be sewn. People familiar  with the characters and subplots in the last three movies will enjoy this  one. Those who have not may not find it as interesting, but enjoyable, none  the less.
B0000025P9|4.0|Based on a straw poll of a few close friends you either like Toto or you don't.  There seems to be no middle ground.<br />As someone who has most of their albums, they knock out a consistently good tune.  I personally love  Toto IV, and rate it their best album.  Steve Lukather (guitarist) was  given slightly more leash than on other (later) albums, and it helps.  His  solo on the end of &quot;Rosanna&quot; is great.  Equally so on the end of  &quot;Lovers in the night&quot;.  It's reminiscent of his 96 second  tour-de-force fret-busting antics on Lionel Richie's album version of  &quot;Running with the night&quot;, pure string-bending genius.<br />Aside  from Steve L, Toto turn out some great songs on IV.  Some are slow, some up  tempo.  But they all have that Toto copyright.  If you liked Africa and  Rosanna, you'll love the rest of this album.
6305311463|4.0|the pic is absolutely awesome when watched on a full fledged surround sound home teatre system...as for the movie itself, well Bruce boy was his usual macho man and all in all it was a entertaining hour and a half. I ve  read a few comments from other reviewers and i think they have been unfair  to critise Bruce's acting. The script calls for a type a character and I  think Bruce carried it off pretty well! Regards George Menon, Goa India
B000002BSG|5.0|Excellent album. After many years looking for something new and exciting, I found Jay Kay, a true child of his times: he is a remarkable post-modern composer, arranger and singer, who ingenously mixes his influences of rock, disco, reggae, Motown and Gamble & Huff. The best tracks remind me of the funkier side of Stevie Wonder at his best. \\"Virtural Insanity\\" is an instant classic. I highly recommend this album.
6305750750|3.0|Even though I really enjoyed Episodes VI, V, and VI, I have to admit was disappointed with Episode I.  I couldn't put my finger on it until I watched the original episodes again.  What struck me the most was that  Episode I had very few HUMAN actors in it.  Most of the &quot;extras&quot;  were digital computerized characters.<br />I also thought that lack of any  love interest, witty comments and comic relief (i.e., Hans Solo)really  detracted from the film.<br />Lastly, I thought the acting was SOOOOO DRY!   There was so little emotion, that it was really hard to get involved in the  plot.<br />The special effects were awesome, but the plot and acting really  lack the greatness of the original episodes.  Lucas got away from his  &quot;Saturday Afternoon Cliffhanger&quot; type movie.  I hope he finds it  again.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I first bought a Diana Krall cd on a whim one day in the music store, and immediately fell in love with her music.  Of all her albums this I feel is far and above her best effort.  She brings a smoldering intensity to the  music that I have been unable to find in any other album or artist.  The  choice and arrangement of songs mesh wonderfully with her vocal style and  have left me feeling that no one has ever sung them better. It is rare that  an album not have at least one song that doesn't appeal to me, but this is  definitely one of the few. I recommend this album without reservation.
6302820448|4.0|this is really a solid film.Bill Murray gives one of his best performances ever.Andie Macdowell does well also.very funny film.
0964385619|3.0|The core thrust of this book is well worth reading.  It is just that he could have done it in about 20 pages!  There is way too much of the typical pulp filling fluff here.  Nevertheless, it is well worth plucking out the  gems contained in this book.
0792839730|4.0|This movie is an excellent adaption of Cornelius Ryans book by the same name. Ryan's books rely heavily on personal eye witness accounts and interviews, which makes for good movies.  The director had an all-star cast  for the various characters and most of the acting is decent, with the  exception of Ryan O'Neal as General Gavin of the 82nd Airborne (what was  the director thinking!).  Interesting note, Sean Connery played a Scottish  infantry man in Cornelius Ryan's &quot;Longest Day&quot; which was also  made into a movie in the 50's.  In this film Sean plays a General :) The  biggest weakness of the film is the fact that in trying to cover the  enormity of the battle the film flow is a bit disjointed, hopping from  scene to scene.  BTW the reviewer below that stated that the British  intelligence assesment could not possible be as bad as shown in the film is  dead wrong.  British intelligence was extremely arrogant with a &quot;not  invented here&quot; attitude which basically ignored all intelligence  reports from spies in occupied countries.  Poor intelligence technique, a  lousy plan, and an overly cautious British advance doomed the Allies for  this battle.
B00000DHRX|3.0|George Michael - what a character, you say, yep, you are right, a real ladies man, hell, a real ladies lady.  He has a couple good songs on this CD, namely the one about, nevermind, I'm thinking about a singer with  actual talent, like KoRn.  I'm not saying this CD is bad - OK, I am  definitely saying it is horrible - do not buy it unless of course, you want  to feel like you just got out of the shower, fell on the cold bathroom  concrete floor, and banged your head into the comode with vigorous force.
0800141849|1.0|...and I love her! What was she thinking when she made this pasted-together film about a fiftyish &quot;ugly duckling&quot; who marries an asexual professor and can't figure out how to &quot;un-platonic&quot;  their relationship? Part of the problem is that Streisand never fully  commits herself to looking unattractive at the beginning: her idea of  looking homely is long, dark clothing and brown hair, but with all the  movie star lighting firmly in place. Barbra then drops the original film's  plastic surgery transformation for a make-over that changes her looks into  a Barbie doll of ill repute. Voila! The world is at her feet and her  husband (and everybody else) is at her beck and call. What message does  this send?
0399143904|4.0|Rainbow Six is one of the best books i have ever read, bar none. But hear me out. First of all, i have a great interest in secret ops and military/government operations. Secondly, I found that the plot was quite  well constructed. While long-winded at times (repeating information, etc,  hence the 4 instead of the 5), this is definately a great read- provided  that you can find the time to get through it all. Overall, though, a great  book worth the purchase.
B00003CWL5|5.0|American Beauty is the most perfect film ever made.Direction is perfect,Script is gorgeous,Perfomances are mind blowing and Kevin Spacey is on top form once again. This sould be garenteed OSCARS and hopefully will  be! 1
B00000JJQK|5.0|I finally went and got Pet Sounds after hearing musicians yammer on about how great it is, and to tell you the truth, for once, they were right.  I didn't go in and try to find the comparison to Sgt Pepper, but then again a  record like Pet Sounds wasn't really thought of or even made in 1966 when  it was made.  Anyone thinking about buying this album who has become a new  Beach Boys fan, I hate to disappoint but this record is not full of songs  about surfing and girls with bikinis. Pet Sounds is much more.  The lyrics  are deep that range from pure joy to self loathing. The music is a little  &quot;over tambourine ridden&quot;, but overall a great CD that anyone who  likes good music should have.  It's underestimated in the mainstream and  probably one of the most liked records in the musician and art world.  It  was created for musical merit and not a &quot;sound orgy&quot; like the  Beatles &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;, which is good ,yet many buy this  CD and hope to find another &quot;Revolver&quot; before Revolver was  released only to be let down.  This is not the case.  If you like great  music, great lyrics by one of the most underrated songwriters of our time,  check out Pet Sounds.  Believe me, it will grow on you even to the casual  listener. And for the folks looking to compare on Sgt. Pepper vs. Pet  Sounds...get a life.  They're both great.  Quit your whining already.
B000002IU9|1.0|I have listened to this cd at least 7 times over the last two months and it still does not get any better.<br />I dont like 5 minute drum &quot;tapping&quot; (no solo here) in the middle of the first song and all  the songs are rather lethargic
0790736314|4.0|this movie was scary but it took like an hour and a half for it to get scary.but still a great movie.
B00000IOSU|5.0|This album shows the deepness and evolution of Sarah's music, there are great tracks like &quot;Hold on&quot; (my favorite), and &quot;Do what you have to do&quot;. One negative aspect of the album is the fade in-fade out  break between songs, but the music is really incredible; Sarah have a great  band!  There are some forgotten songs like &quot;Vox&quot;, &quot;Into the  fire&quot;, and &quot;I will forget you&quot;, but I suppose I will have to  buy the DVD....anyway buy this cd!
B0000025YM|5.0|Defenders of the Faith is one of the best heavy metal albums ever recorded.  A classic that will never again be reproduced in a world of ever changing music styles.  From an era of hard, heavy, thunderous, rock, Judas  Priest will forever remain defenders of the true faith, &quot;rock &amp;  roll&quot;.
0440219078|3.0|I enjoyed the story of The Giver. The character of Jonas is a great one especially when he becomes the new Receiver. Reading the story gives you the impression of a perfect society until you realize what the citizens  gave up for perfection. The book could have been a little longer--what  happened to Jonas' family?  What happened to the Giver?  And the ending was  very vague. What exactly happened?   I would have rated the book 5 stars  but the ending was anti-climatic and hard to understand. Altho it was a  good read.
014028009X|5.0|I have to seriously wonder about the level of denial in those who vehemently dislike this book, spitting and snarling that &quot;this is not me&quot; (those of us who DO relate, and we seem to be in the majority,  will thank you not to deny that Bridgit is ANY modern woman).  To quote  Shakespeare (since you don't like Fielding &quot;plagarizing&quot; Austen),  &quot;methinks thou (Bridgit-haters) protesteth too much&quot;!
B00003CXCS|5.0|Since I was a small child, I have loved the Sound of Music.  It is a delightful and entertaining movie.  It is unquestionably my favorite movie. The subplots are outstanding.  The music stays with you and uplifts your  spirits.  The children are adorable.  The love story between the Captain  and Maria is breath-taking.  The dance scene always makes my heart beat  faster.  Determination and the human spirit are the forces behind this  movie.  The movie is time-consuming but worth it.  I still wait for the  movie to be released on DVD.  You haven't lived a complete life without  seeing &quot;The Sound of Music.&quot;
B00003XB8K|5.0|Yes, so Carl Orff has been done a few times.  But who can say it has been done with such style and musical feel to it than on &quot;The Screen Behind The Mirror&quot;.  Absolutely great!   And the rest of the album (combining  all the previous ones) really works around the theme (Carmina Burana) -  result:  it's very powerful.  I like the idea of a theme throughout the  album, like in Enigma's debut release, because it gives the tracks on the  album continuity.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|I live in Albany (where part of the movie takes place) and I really enjoyed this movie, I brought it into class (even with the gore) and everyone loved it. I really like the action and the music, I also enjoy the  &quot;old style&quot; fighting between the English and the French, I was a  little specticle about the muskets though... The good guys (dont really  know their names) are dead accurate at atleast 150 yards during the battle  a Fort William Henry while Muskets during the french-indian war had a range  of about 50 yards, however I still think this movie is a must buy.
0380977273|5.0|This book was what hooked me on Bradbury and made him my favorite author for longer than I can count. It was through this book that I came to appreciate his unique, often imitated but never reproduced, style, and made  me move to the October Country, where I lived for some time. Bradbury is  the master and creator of the Dark Carnival, and the concept was never  better than in this book. But, like so many of Bradbury's works, this book  has a deeper meaning. It is about a boy's yearning to grow up and an old  man's yearning to be young again. If you want to learn to appreciate  Bradbury or are in love with his works already, let him sink you into this  book. We'll see if you ever come out.
B000000WA4|5.0|Brilliant. A classic. This album will have plenty of influences down the road. I used to consider double-albums pointless, you usually end up with an over priced album with more filler more often then not, but now think  there may be hope. Though still second to NIN &quot;The Fragie&quot; this  two disc set is at once beautiful and a monster. It is very delicate and  harsh, for every &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot; and &quot;Thirty-Three&quot;  there's &quot;Zero&quot; and &quot;X.Y.U.&quot;. One problem I do have  though is at times Billy forgets he's Billy and thinks he's Trent Reznor,  the later half of disc one proves my point. Songs like &quot;Cupid De  Locke&quot; work and &quot;Love&quot; doesn't. But when it does work  they're pretty much unstopable. The first disc has classics like  &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot;, &quot;Zero&quot;, and &quot;Bullet With  Butterfly Wings&quot;. My personal favorite is &quot;Cupid De Locke&quot; a  song that I would like to get married to. The second disc has the more  underrated songs. Sure &quot;1979&quot; is the only well known one but this  side starts off hard and ends up acoustics. &quot;Bodies&quot; and  &quot;X.Y.U&quot; are the best off of either disc. And even though  &quot;Where Boys Fear to Tread&quot; doesn't make a whole lotta sense, to  me anyways, the guitar riffs are amazing. The guitars on this album are  really great even though I can't stand guitar solos. The drums are amazing,  simply mesmerizing and though it's sad to see Darcy leave Melissa is a  better bassist and fills the gap up nicely.
044100590X|5.0|How can I begin to describe the sheer genius of this book? The characters are fantastic, the plots within plots are engaging, the world is so well thought out. . . It is impossible for another book to be written like it.  Just impossible. It cannot be duplicated by any human being. This book lay  the foundation for so much of modern science fiction, yet still remains  unparalleled. It cannot be overestimated.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Now that John is back RHCP are whole again. There was a reviewer that said some may ignorantly think Navarro is a better guitarist, Dave is a great guitarist but John is on a much higher level. Anthony's voice sounds so  much better then before. Flea is still Flea, meaning his bass lines are  perfect and infectious. Chad is stuck with the job of keeping all this  together but pulls it off nicely. These songs are all beautiful and  mesmerizing. &quot;Scar Tissue&quot; is great but &quot;Parallel  Universe&quot; and &quot;Otherside&quot; are the best. &quot;Get on  Top&quot; rules but I can honestly say I can sit through this whole album  and not skip one song. One of the best albums of the nineties. BTW who do  you think is a better bassist, Flea or Les Claypool?
6305232660|3.0|Deep Impact could have been so much better, because the acting was really supurb Ex:(Morgan Freeman as the President), and a really engrossing story about a giant comet headed toward earth and hummanity's efforts to stop the  empending danger.  So what happens?  First the trailer lied, for in the  original theatrical trailer we see the comet colide with earth directly,  but in the movie the sceen was much different, so much in fact that it  pretty much causes Deep Impact to fall flat, and then there was the mission  to fire every available nuclear missle at the comet, naturally the mission  fails, but we are never told why, just that the mission failed.  My theory  is that the writters never really had a plausable execuse of why the  mission could fail, so they ommited this little detail.  Also after seeing  the trailer I was really disapointed, because the people that go to see  disaster flics, are there for that reason and that reason alone to see a  disaster flic.  With Deep Impact we really don't see a disaster, just a big  wave and the movie ends.  So now we have spent our time watching the movie  hopeing to see some really good special effects, and we do except there  over in about 30 seconds, then the movie ends, with little acomplished,  other than most of the cast dies.  Still I liked the movie and it still  fairs better than Armageddon, with good acting on most parts, and a good  story, except that it never really goes anywhere.
B00000K2UX|5.0|This soundtrack has the best action music you can find.If you dont have it get it.
0679735259|5.0|I have never read an account of war, fiction or non fiction, that truly exposes the essence of combat in the same way that &quot;Dispatches&quot; does.  The key to this piece is the honesty with which every story, every  dialogue, and every descrition is portrayed.  It is clear to see how this  work alone could spark the interest and mystique that surrounds the concept  of the Vietnam war as Hell.  From films such as Apocalypse Now and Full  Metal Jacket, one may often find themselves struggling to believe the  events that appear to them on the screen.  As &quot;Dispatches&quot; is a  firsthand account, it is impossible to discount much of what the reader  experiences.  Herr, being a journalist, unveils the culture of Vietnam (the  war) from a non-military perspective.  However, the relationships he forms  with marine grunts gives the reader an idea of how easily one can be sucked  into the culture.  This book is absolutely amazing, if you have an interest  in the Vietnam War, this will give you a greater understanding of what went  on.  If you have little or no interest in the conflict, this book will  spark some in dramatic fashion.
630382790X|4.0|It's a long way from Happy Days to the space race but Ron Howard has done a fantastic job of bringing the Apollo 13 story to the big screen.  I loved the special effects, loved the acting, loved the suspense and was inspired  by the music score much as I inspired by those original events I still  vividly recall as a nine year old Australian school boy.  My favourite  scene: the Apollo 13 launch from the nervous moments in the Astronauts'  fit-out rooms to insertion in earth orbit.  Somehow Howard created a  crescendo of drama that wasn't eased until we see scenes of Astronauts'  gloves floating in zero gravity.  Another feature is the excellent  recreation of Mission Control in Houston.  The supporting cast were  fantastic.  Each were quirky individuals in their own right, not clone-like  extras there to make up the numbers.  I liked Happy Days, Ron, but I loved  Apollo 13 even more.  Movie making at its best.
B00002E233|5.0|This movie was one of the best shark movies I have seen!......Well...there really isn't that many shark movies though.  But if you are a fan of special effects, then you come to the right place.  Deep Blue Sea is by far  the best special effects that I have seen since The Matrix and The Mummy.
B00000J7J4|2.0|Oh boy.  Santana brings me back to being 15 and slow dancing at the Cove in Burien, WA during those awesome guitar riffs of &quot;Black Magic Woman&quot;.  But this album, except for a few songs, is enormously boring.   I love Carlos and wanted to love the CD, but it just all sounds the same.
B0000046WL|5.0|This is a great CD. The first just kicks you right in the face and after that it never lets up. &quot;Gettin' To It&quot; has a great feel.  Christian is to jazz today what guys like Paul Chambers and Ray Brown were  to jazz back in the day.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie works on so many levels, a rarity in films these days.  There's the anti-establishment, anti-materialistic angle.  There's the strong sense of homo-eroticism among the fight club members, scenes cut to resemble  sexual acts.  Another great aspcet is the surprise twist, ala &quot;The  Usual Suspects&quot;.  With all of these great cinematic layers, and more  that there is not enough room to mention, this is a movie that forces you  to watch over and over and actually think!  One more thing, if Meatloaf  doesn't get nominated for a best supporting actor oscar, it's a crying  shame.
B00000GBHA|5.0|If you're not from South Africa or Australia the chances of you knowing Rodriguez are very slim. However, any fan of melodic 60's and 70's sounds like Donovan, Van Morrison with the socially concious lyrics akin to Jonie  Mitchelle, must check out Rodriguez. This album is a true showcase of the  artists talents. From the introspective junkies lament of  &quot;Sugarman&quot; and &quot;Hate Street Dialogue&quot; to the bouncy and  musing &quot;I Wonder&quot;, this album never disappoints. Please give it a  whirl.
B000001DTM|5.0|The first time that I ever listened to Achtung Baby I found myself being unimpressed and was somewhat disappointed with it. I thought the new musical direction of U2 was really extreme and just a little bit too weird  for my taste or liking. After The Joshua Tree,and Rattle and Hum, I was  expecting and hoping for something a little more reserved, and of a similar  sound to one of their previous albums. Boy was I ever in for a musical  shock! As I listened to the music I kept thinking to myself, these guys  have really gone overboard and have definitely blown it this time.  Well  I'm telling you honestly right now that I'm definitely glad that I took the  time to listen to this recording those extra few times. Each time  thereafter that I listened to Achtung, the sounds, depth, and the feel of  the album just continued to expand and grow and manifest itself into  something incredibly brilliant and awe inspiring. Unfortunately for me, the  first time I listened to this album, I wasn't able to recognize or perceive  this work for what it truly was, and that in my honest opinion, is that of  a true masterpiece! The whole album from start to finish has a unique  special sound and a depth and mood that I had never experienced before in a  recording, and haven't experienced since. If I were out shopping right now  for a new CD to add to my collection, and was hesitating about buying this  particular one, I wouldn't hesitate for very long. I'd buy it right now!  I'd take it home and slip it in to my player as soon as I had the chance.  I'd crank up the volume so as to make sure that I catch every powerful riff  along with the most minute and creatively subtle sounds. Then I'd just lay  back and enjoy one of the greatest recording accomplishments of our time.   I've been fortunate enough to have accumulated hundreds of different CD's  over the years and yet, I don't think I have listened to any one of them as  often or with as much enjoyment as I have with Achtung Baby.
B000000FG8|5.0|I was introduced to this band a while ago, when i first heard the cd &quot;operation ivy&quot; i instantly liked it. i suggest this cd to anyone who likes ska-punk. it is definitely a find. operation ivy is not a  mainstream band, and i really hope they never become one.
6304806426|5.0|If you want the usual gooey type of romance Hollywood specialises in go elsewhere, this is a story of relationships between real flawed people told with a passion not found in more than one film in a decade. Yes these are  people to whom it is difficult to relate but then it is pre war Egypt and  it is pretty much the last days of colonialism we are witnessing. If  intricate plotting fine acting and glorious cinematography are not for you  then dont buy this DVD but you will be missing one of the greats.
B00003W8NM|5.0|FIGHT CLUB arrived in the US with a blaze of publicity stressing its violence and nihilism; some critics (and those close to the production) countered this with the suggestion that it was an anti-materialist  jeremiad. On a second viewing, it seems like neither -- it's easier to see  it as a smart, committed and complex piece of filmmaking. David Fincher  once again dazzles with his direction, which is as intelligently energetic  as the acting of Brad Pitt and, especially, Edward Norton. What's really  impressive, however, is the way that the film manages to flirt with an  anti-materialist, hyper-masculine primitivism even as it suggests that  we're all a little too sophisticated to buy it (as it were).<br />FIGHT CLUB  may hold that we're not the clothes we wear, or the credit cards in our  wallet, but it's savvy enough to realise that our paths of thought and  modes of organisation are almost entirely contaminated by the world we've  created. Is the solution to destroy that world? Well, that's an option --  but watch closely in the movie's second half and see how subtly and  hilariously Fincher undermines this: the anarchists begin to chant  management-speak, to dissolve into a collective identity, and to form  franchises as if they were selling frappucino rather than revolution.  Norton is especially horrified at all this, and his wonderful reactions to  the disintegration of 'Project Mayhem' are the calm (and moral) centre of  the film. Rather like ANIMAL FARM, Fincher tells us that we can have our  revolution, but it's going to cost us dear; perhaps even the individuality  and reason which we'd hoped to gain from our actions.
0380973464|4.0|I really enjoyed this book, and it was a good read, if a bit slow at times.  If you're expecting another Snow Crash, you won't get what you're looking for.  However, it *is* a great book and, as always, it seems like  Stephenson really did his research.
B00000ICD9|4.0|I my country exist &quot;You dont know what you have until you lost&quot;, well that is maybe what the creators of Whats dreams may come, wnt tos how to us, is a film to see what is happenig in our life, and see what is good  and whats is wrong, Its a very good film.  Sometimes is boring, only a few  minuts, The special effects are terrific (They won a Oscar), and the sound  is Very good. the DVD is FULL of extra, like alternating ending, images,  and have images for DVD-ROM, the DVD format has been very well Used, is  THX, and the cover of the DVD is nice, full of colo, not like aliens ( I  love Aliens), that dosnt have any picture, only the title. If you want a  good movie, and whant to impress your friends with DVD features, the What  Dreams May come is the film for you.
0792838068|3.0|This is easily a 5-star movie with great performances by Nicholas Cage and Elisabeth Shue. The characters are realistically portrayed, and the story is excellent. However, the extremely poor picture quality of the DVD transfer costs this otherwise great flick two stars. If you're contemplating purchasing the VHS version, go for it.Not only are the visuals noticably pixellated in low light and low contrast scenes, but even in some bright ones as well. If you subscribe to digital cable in an area where they compress too many digital channels into each analog channel, you know the effect I'm referring to.<br />The poor picture quality in this title most likely stems from the decision to cram both a widescreen and fullscreen version of this 2-hour movie on the same side of a single-layer DVD. Something had to give, and in this case, it was the compression ratio, leading to extraordinarily poor picture quality. If the producers felt compelled to include the fullscreen version, they could have at least done us all the favor of putting it on the flip side. If you appreciate high-quality visuals in your movies (and why else would you have bought that DVD player?) pass on this one until they come out with a less-compressed version.<br />On the positive side, the movie itself is one of the better ones I've seen, and definitely justifies a rental of this title if you haven't seen it before. The Dolby Digital 5.1 soundtrack is exceptional (I'd rate it a 5, vice Amazon's 4), and the background music is both well-chosen and very well-mixed. If you have a 5 or 6 speaker Dolby Digital setup, you'll feel as if you're actually in the movie, with the jazz music and sound effects emanating from all around you. It's a crime about the picture, though.
B00000I9MK|5.0|First tries don't come any better than this.  This debut is up there with The Smiths and Manic Street Preachers as the finest of all time. Recorded for peanuts this album shows that songwriting skills always beat fancy  production for long term listening pleasure.  Buy this now, you won't  regret it!
B00003XB8K|5.0|After the first two albums - which I enjoyed immensely but had low points - I felt that Cretu came into his own on Vive le Roi, although I felt he should not have done all the lead singing.  Now with Screen... I feel that  he has struck a total creative balance. The songs are consistently  enjoyable, although my one complaint is what I feel is a bit of an over-use  of the &quot;O Fortuna&quot; from Carmina Burana. Once or twice would have  sufficed, but it almost takes center stage when there is clearly so much  more going on in the music.  I personally feel that Silence Must Be Heard  marks a new standard of excellence, putting it up there with my favorite  tracks: Principles of Lust, Callas Went Away, I Love You I'll Kill You, and  Morphing Through Time.  While equally as consistent in quality songs from  start to end as ...le Roi, I feel this one captures all spectrums of mood,  and is Cretu's  best yet.
B00000IL1K|5.0|This was the first Sarah Brightman CD that I ever bought and I just loved it!  Since then I have bought Dive, Time to Say Goodbye, The Andrew Lloyd Webber Collection and Fly.  Eden has such a good combination of music and  Sarah's voice is so beautiful that even if you don't like classical music  you will still enjoy the classical songs.
0783216084|5.0|I rented it and now I love it. My Favorit part is when Alex Kinnter Was Killed.Buy this If you like Old movies...Like Creater
B00000I0XW|4.0|I love Sarah Brightman and she is my favorite female singer but for someone who is trying to explore her own abilities and pursue her own career, she keeps turning back to Andrew Lloyd Webber quite alot.  Most of  the songs are good, especially the little known one like &quot;Anything But  Lonely&quot; and &quot;Unexpected Song&quot;.  On some of the bigger, more  popular songs, she doesn't quite come through as convincing.  But a very  good CD and I'm glad that I own it.
B00000JCB2|4.0|This is a really good CD. It combines rap and heavy metal into one big splash of music that can only be categorized as LIMP BIZKIT. This CD is great for people who love rap but hate all its gaudy and annoying ways.  It's also good for people who love rock but need an introduction to rap as  well. This piece of plastic rocks!        Many of the songs come out of the  same mold, so they kinda sound the same. (This is why I gave it four songs  instead of five). But this is not Creed's Human Clay. There are some good  moments, some hella good moments. Think &quot;Re-arranged.&quot; This is a  great ballad-like song that will keep a smile on any face of a rock fan.  &quot;Don't Go Off Wandering&quot; sounds a lot like Tool, but it has it's  own charm. The blood-curdling scream near the end always sends chills down  my spine...I love it. And of course, we got &quot;N 2 Gether Now&quot;  where Fred gets jiggy with Method Man from Wu-Tang Clan...a 100% no-guitars  rap song, complete with the drum sample and loop. And of course, nobody can  forget the hidden interludes at the end of Track 15. One of them is  &quot;Radio Sucks&quot;, it is about a radio announcer who cusses up a  storm about how radio sucks today...hilarious! After that is a small music  sample repeated over and over again while Primus bassist Les Claypool talks  about how you &quot;kissed your fifteen bucks goodbye&quot; and sings an  impromptu version of &quot;Supercalifragilisticespealidocious.&quot; So  stupid, but funny. Get this CD, it has some killer tunes and cool  interludes between most of the tracks. The best tracks are 2, 3, 4 ,5, 8,  10, and 11.
B000002HMH|1.0|I have a question. When an band goes mainstream after years of being a well kept secret, why is it always called maturity? Face it dudes, these guys do put out a load, but of what, pray?<br />Maturity? I assume that means  to most Alt-heads that the lead singer must whine, the guitars must sound  like a pale country imitation and the lyrics must bore.<br />To those who say  that one must grow up.. I couldn't agree more! Everyone needs to mature but  maturity involves one thing that this former band does not have. A sense of  when to quit. Metallica should have quit back in the early 90's when it was  clear their style was going to pot.<br />If this is maturity, I will stick  with adoloscence thank you very very much, at least children know the value  of a good song.
B0000296SI|2.0|This cd turned out to be a terrible value. I wasted $15 just to get all lousy songs except for All the Small Things, and Whats My Age Again? I feel like a threw my money right into a porter potty and watched it get flushed.  If you appreciate the samples for this cd, I have nothing against you, but  if I were you I wouldnt buy it
0800129806|1.0|Goodness gracious! Little did I know that kitch had so many devoted fans! C'mon guys (girls actually, I can't think of one guy who watches this movie as an addiction.)<br />This movie is just sad, very very sad. It has all the  emotional depth of a 10 cent romance novel and is about as historically  accurate.<br />Do not, I repeat, do not believe the spiel about it not REALLY  being about Camelot but a new spin or something. If they had wanted to make  a movie about different character they should have used, well, different  characters.<br />The &quot;a movie doesn't NEED to be historically accurate so  long as it has Richard Ge- I mean as long as it is about complex emotional  haminess&quot; theory just does NOT hold water.<br />This MOVIE should be put  in &quot;a place of forgetting&quot;.<br />Let the war begin. Me? I'll side  with Malegant, he has modern crossbows.
B000005ITX|5.0|Absolutely fantastic, an amalgam of garage punk and orchestration that only intensifies the punch rather than watering it down.  In fact the orchestral parts are reminiscent of the Moody Blues; the glove-like fit of  the lyrics to the melodies is surpassed, or maybe equalled, only by  Lennon  and McCartney.<br />One thing, though, is that it sometimes sounds to me like  a movie soundtrack.  Since I don't mind that, I didn't lower the rating I  gave it, but you might feel differently.
B00000JPH4|5.0|This is one of my favorite childhood movies; it's right up there with &quot;Labyrinth&quot; and &quot;The Princess Bride.&quot;  The plot in a nutshell: beautiful beings rule in a crystal castle until an arguement  causes them to break the dark crystal which provides their power/balance.   The beings are split into two: the evil Skeksis and the gentle Mystics.   According to profecy, a member of the Gelfling race must repair the crystal  in 1000 years as the three suns align so that the Mystics and Skeksis can  again be one.  The Skeksis tried to wipe out all Gelflings to protect  themselves from the profecy.  The only two Gelfling survivors, Jen and  Kira, must find each other and heal the crystal before time runs out.   <br />All of the puppets are very well done.  They are lifelike and fit the  personalities of the characters.  Unfortunately, this makes the evil  characters quite frightening to children, myself included.  There is a  scene where the skeksis try to drain Kira's essence by making her stare  into a reflector of light passed through the crystal.  For years I was  convinced that if I stared at my ceiling light, my essence would also be  drained.  (However, I also thought I could access Fraggle Rock through the  back of my closet.)  So, what I really mean to say is that the movie may be  frightening to children.<br />The score is wonderful.  It's mystical,  fantastical, and eerie....can't say enough about it.  Well done, Trevor  Jones.<br />All in all, the movie is definitely worth watching.
B00001PE4D|5.0|This movie was so well written and designed and the actors well performed their parts.  It shows someone CAN change from a mean selfish person to a loving caring person.  Everyone I know absolutely loves this movie.  Also I  love the fact that you dont have to watch it with those annoying black  lines at the top and bottom of the screen
B00000JPH4|5.0|This is one of my favorite childhood movies; it's right up there with &quot;Labyrinth&quot; and &quot;The Princess Bride.&quot;  The plot in a nutshell: beautiful beings rule in a crystal castle until an arguement  causes them to break the dark crystal which provides their power/balance.   The beings are split into two: the evil Skeksis and the gentle Mystics.   According to profecy, a member of the Gelfling race must repair the crystal  in 1000 years as the three suns align so that the Mystics and Skeksis can  again be one.  The Skeksis tried to wipe out all Gelflings to protect  themselves from the profecy.  The only two Gelfling survivors, Jen and  Kira, must find each other and heal the crystal before time runs out.   <br />All of the puppets are very well done.  They are lifelike and fit the  personalities of the characters.  Unfortunately, this makes the evil  characters quite frightening to children, myself included.  There is a  scene where the skeksis try to drain Kira's essence by making her stare  into a reflector of light passed through the crystal.  For years I was  convinced that if I stared at my ceiling light, my essence would also be  drained.  (However, I also thought I could access Fraggle Rock through the  back of my closet.)  So, what I really mean to say is that the movie may be  frightening to children.<br />The score is wonderful.  It's mystical,  fantastical, and eerie....can't say enough about it.  Well done, Trevor  Jones.<br />All in all, the movie is definitely worth watching.
B00001NFCY|2.0|I loved their first cd, but this one has only one good song&quot;higher&quot;, the rest are much too heavy metal for me. So if your buying this cd because of their first one you might be dissapointed.
0790737345|4.0|Okay, I don't know how many of you walked out of the theaters looking over your sholders or looking up at the roof of the building, but I sure did!<br />Story - creative, wonderful, touching<br />Actors - wow, I wanted to KISS Cage, Ryan you sure are lucky. Thye guy had me convinced!<br />Effects - well since there were NONE.... I can't really bash them can I?<br />Overall - Great love story although I really HATED the ending...<br />Buy it, you won't be disappointed!
B00000K31Q|5.0|I love the characters portrayed by heath ledger and julia stiles.  This movie was so good.  It was a love story more than a love story.  It makes you wanna go and get a new boyfriend just like heath ledger.  I really  think this movie is warm, funny, and full of love.  Watch it and see what I  mean.
B00001QGPR|4.0|What a comeback!  OK, I know that Bowie never really disappeared from the scene, but he's been foundering for some time. This will hopefully signal th end of that period, as it is a really good recording. I'm not sure how  many people will find all the metaphors in here, perhaps there aren't even  supposed to be so many, but I just kept finding them. Added, many of the  lyrics just fit my life right now, and the questions I find myself asking  more and more--ie; &quot;were we meant to last&quot;?  Were we?  Whether we  were or not, this CD should--at least, for a darned long time.
6305627347|5.0|I wasn't gonna watch this cause I dont like cartoon like movies but my bf rented it and I was fallin asleep when he put it on and I just could not sleep because I kept laughing, everyone I know says it is funny also.  But  I do warn you very graphic language. It doesnt really have a good plot but  its funny and you cant beat that.
B000002KBU|5.0|Well, actually, I have this one on phonodisc instead of CD, so I'm not sure how good the CD quality is. That over, &quot;Blue&quot; is one of the best &lt;if not THE best! &gt; of Joni Mitchell's recordings. She was at a  peak here, and it shows. My top three picks on this one are: 1.  &quot;Blue&quot; 2. &quot;The Last Time I Saw Richard&quot; and 3.  &quot;This Flight Tonight&quot;.  The way she mixes styles is amazing,  better than when she does one album in either all ballads or all jazz. It's  really, really good. Enjoy~
B00000G3PA|5.0|I think this movie was so good.  I cried so much at the end.  Everyone has to see this movie It has so many different things about it like how Bruce willis doesnt want his daughter liv tyler dating, and how she is in love  with his employee, Ben Affleck.  Then there is all the different characters  who are so very different but blend together so well kind of like a puzzle.   But this movie is a sad one so be prepared
B0000027RL|5.0|I feel a responsibility to add my $0.02 to these countless reviews.  Way back when, Mother Love Bone was recommended to me when I was mired in classic rock.  Mother Love Bone (and Jane's Addiction) changed (i.e.:  opened) my mind on modern music.  Temple of the Dog project blew me away.   So I anticipated TEN before its release.  From this perspective, I feel  like a true Pearl Jam fan and not a cliche for being one.<br />When I first  told people to get this CD right after its release (because it so floored  me), they usually laughed at the name.  Which is funny, because it rolls  off the tongue so casually now, but it did sound silly back then.....Then  I'd play them BLACK, and they'd have a seat and listen up.  I was making  fans one person at a time when ALIVE hit MTV and took over the  world.<br />Shortly after TEN came out, Pearl Jam came to Illinois State  (where I was in school) with Smashing Pumpkins and Red Hot Chili Peppers.   None of these guys were particularly big at that time (oh if everyone only  new how big of a show that was in retrospect).  Anyway, Pearl Jam stole the  show.  45 minute set of Eddie Veddor pouring his heart, soul, voice, and  body PHYSICALLY into every note.  The other guys rocking so, so solidly for  a new band.....It was really something.  My friends and I stood slack jawed  and watched.  I yearn to feel like I felt that night.<br />So if you've made  it this far, I'll go on to say that Vitalogy is actually my favorite.  But,  my God, did this one change who I am. Not just musically, but in everyday  life things, as well.  So, to me, this CD is very important and vital.
B00000K3UU|5.0|This is his best, when I went to the movies everybody there could not stop laughing.  This movie is ssoo funny.  It has been a while since I saw a movie with Adam sandler that I thought was funny but it did arrive.  This  is a must see have movie.  If you love comedies this is a movie you need to  get.  There are very few out there and this is one of them
B00003000M|4.0|I sit here writing this review while listening to &quot;Legend&quot; for the 1000th time. As much as I enjoy some of the redone tracks on Chant Down Babylon they just aren't able to move me like original Bob Marley tracks  such as &quot;Waiting In Vain&quot;. <br />In all fairness, four songs  &quot;Rebel Music, Johnny Was, Turn Your Lights Down &amp; Jammin&quot;  were really well done on the new ablum, and have grown on me as I continue  to play Chant Down Babylon.<br />Rastafarianism is a lifestyle and religous  belief and I have a hard time accepting the sincerity of some of the  hard-core rappers singing Bob's songs. I can't help feel that for them it's  more about the money, and not the true message of Bob Marley.<br />With that  said, I would still highly recommend this album to all true reggae fans.
6305075379|5.0|Good news folks.  I read that the origanal version of Mad Max is being releast.  First to the big screen, than on DVD.  So I would wait, if I were you.
6305750750|5.0|A great movie, lives up to even my admittedly lofty expectations!Perhaps not as spectacular as The Empire Strikes Back(but then again, what is?), but it certainly shines in comparison to The Return of the Jedi(the worst  great movie ever made). The fx are spectacular, the characters are well  acted and memorable(despite complaints to the contrary) and I, for one,  look forward to seeing how it all turns out over the next 2 chapters!
B00003CWL5|5.0|I think that with this kind of movies American film production attains a refine standard from the point of view of 'inner social criticism'. No useless special effects but the true, hard,  complex reality of the so  defined normal people. It is socially very inportant to underline how sad,  and banal, and empty the life of well-off people may be. Full of objects,  empty of true feelings. Kevin Spacey's little revolution - unfortunately  (but who knows: his life was death), lasts 24 hours. It's a pity, but a  good example to follow. The film is also very well done. Wonderful  photography, montage, interpretation. Fantastic script. Gorgeous.
6305313687|5.0|I have to say this is the best movie i have ever watched. What i like about American History X is that its very detailed and that it catches your eye right from the beginning. I honestly can say that i didnt think it was  going to be a good movie but i was definelity proven wrong. Its a very  bruatal movie but also can be a lesson learning movie about racism.
0684872153|5.0|McCourt prepares us for the difficult journey through &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; when he states that &quot;of course it was a miserable childhood. The happy ones are hardly worth the while&quot;. We know we are  going to experience some pretty unpleasant things but we also know that the  narrator survived and that, like him, we will get through them with a sense  of humor and irony.<br />Angela's Ashes contains some pretty rough stuff.  Hunger, sickness, death, neglect, abuse, persecution, and guilt are the  standard features throughout the book. Just when you think things are bad,  they get worse. The family goes from a hovel to homelessness and the mother  goes from poverty to out and out begging. When they finally take up  residence with the mother's cousin it isn't really clear whether she sleeps  with him out of need, affection, or as a form or rent payment. You might  wonder if this book is so miserable then why is it worth  reading?<br />McCourt's writing, is direct, lucid, and at times ironic. He  chronicles his miserable childhood with little sentimentality and utterly  no self-pity. Although McCourt's prose contains considerable anger toward  the trauma and occasional injustice of his childhood, he captures the  people and environment with clarity and humor. McCourt clearly has an  intense curiosity about people and a keen perception of character. I  suspect that these qualities played a vital role in his survival.<br />I  recommend this book for several reason. First, it is superbly written. No  matter how interesting a story is, I generally won't read it if the writing  is bad. But McCourt has an ear for dialog and an instinct for language.  Secondly, McCourt's chronicle teaches us a lot about poverty, survival and  how well off most of us are. These are all very important lessons. Finally,  I loved the way &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; completely transported me to  another time and place. So many writers try and fail to do this, but  McCourt did so with seemingly no effort.<br />&quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; has  also been made into a film which really isn't bad. But it pales in  comparison to the book.
B000002HMH|2.0|Being a Metallica fan of the Puppets tradition, I do miss the old sound. Be honest folks, Metallica had reached a point with Justice for All where they could have arguably taken aggressive rock music to a respectable  level. The musicianship displayed on Master and Justice was  brilliant.<br />Enter the Black album. It never worked for me personally, but  I did respect the effort. Metallica seemed sincere in their desire to enter  a new level in the rock and roll world. It was done well, the musicianship  was good...and taken on its own, it was a fairly solid rock album. Load was  something different I felt. The single &quot;Until it Sleeps&quot; was  impressive...showcasing some of the emotion Metallica made themselves a  name for. The rest of the album sounds confused. At some points, the music  indulges itself in banal blues rock. At others, it wades into a near  country sound. The overall impression I received from the album was not the  thoughtful and emotion driven music I was accustomed to, but rather a  polished recreational jam session...lacking intensity, direction or  sincerity. This is not to say that Load is an unenjoyable effort, but to me  it felt empty. I realize that Metallica can't be angry teenagers forever.  Obviously they no longer felt inspired to continue their earlier  direction...I can live with that. I can't live with insincerity, and that's  what Load was to me. If it's maturity, then it's of the sort declared but  never really shown.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Well I bought this cd before I had heard &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot;; I bought it cause I liked Truly Madly Deeply from first cd, and figured this one had to be good by association.  The first cd contained only one good  song, in my opinion, so this one is a breath of fresh air.  I think I have  to agree that the title track is the best.  I have rarely bought a cd where  I loved EACH AND EVERY SONG!  I agree the title track is a tad idealistic,  but it is still the best one on the cd, if only because it makes you feel  good. One of the nice things about these songs is that they are not all  about the same kind of love.  They include love between two people, love of  family, etc.  And they always start you thinking. Darren Hayes has a voice  like velvet; it is unusual and truly enchanting.  The musical arrangements  are also beautiful.  I lament that these guys are lumped in with the  &quot;boy bands&quot;  whose talent doesn't even come close to what these  guys have.  I love this cd, I truly madly deeply do.
6305750750|3.0|If you appreciate the StarWars saga and want to see these films on DVD, then make your voice heard. The DVD is/was purposely held back for this film as well as all the other StarWars movies. Why? Greed. Instead of  making this film available on DVD like hundreds of thousands of other  films, those of us with DVD players are being manipulated into buying BOTH  the VHS and DVD versions (assuming a DVD does inevitably come to market).  LucasFilm is also paranoid about illegal duplication and is making YOU AND  I pay for their paranoia. I can think of no better candidate for beautiful  digital reproduction than this film, and it's unlikely any of us will be  able to view all that glory for quite some time - if ever.<br />Shame on you  George Lucas. I will not buy this film on VHS, and if you have any sense of  community and own a DVD player you can only make your voice heard by  following suit. Look at all the films we are NOT seeing on DVD because  those of you could be &quot;voting&quot; for what you want are staying away  from the polls.<br />I have purchased many many DVDs from Amazon. They are  kind enough to keep a list of everyone who asks to be notified if/when a  film makes it to DVD. They have even stated they will send a count  (pettition) to the studios withholding DVD versions, as evidence of demand.  I for one would NEVER have shelled out all this money for VHS titles,  simply because the shelf-life of VHS is as limited as the sound and video  quality. <br />DO NOT BUY THIS FILM ON VHS IF YOU OWN A DVD PLAYER.
B000002UZ1|5.0|I RECOMEND YOU BUY THIS! THIS IS MY FAVORITE CD BECAUSE OF HEY JUD
B000002ADT|5.0|Picture yourself sitting on your bed in a low-budget hotel. Maybe you've got a drink on the nightstand. The lights are off. You're smoking a cigarette. You're about four minutes into &quot;All Blues,&quot; or a  couple minutes into &quot;Freddie Freeloader.&quot;  You're not exactly  happy. You're just &quot;Kind Of Blue.&quot; That's exactly what the music  feels like. It's not often that an album evokes what it's name implies.  I've had this album for one day. I'm relatively new to Jazz and this CD is  going to be a staple of my music collection already. Everything about this  CD is perfect. My many thanks to Mr. Davis for speaking to my heart and  soul and knowing what &quot;kind of blue&quot; is... This is the definition  of jazz as far as I'm concerned.
630481528X|3.0|I actually liked &quot;The Saint&quot;, the movie based on the TV show. The plot, some sort of mishmash about cold fusion and a Russian oligarch who wants to use it to seize power in Russia, is confusing and not terribly  exciting. The Saint's love interest, played by Elizabeth Shue, is totally  unbelievable. (Elizabeth Shue plays a nuclear physicist?) So why did I like  it? Two words-<br />Val Kilmer.<br />Vilmer, an outstanding actor, is letter  perfect in the role as the title character. Effortlessly Vilmer's character  changes accents, appearances and personas to steal and swindle and,  ultimately, redeem himself. Kilmer blends into the part brilliantly and  deserves real praise for making this movie as enjoyable as it is.
0140282033|3.0|I don't really know what to think of this book. True, it is a sensuous experience at times with its wonderful descriptions of the chocolate-making process. However, having lived in a small French village for six years now,  I find the description of village life a little too twee and  &quot;touristy&quot;. A real village priest would never have the power that  the one in the book has (at the start of the novel anyway). And the village  itself is a little too idealised. Most of the people in my village would  never be able to afford Vianne's chocolates. There again, the back-stabbing  atmosphere of a small French village is spot-on. Read it but don't expect  to find Lansquenet on your next trip to France.
B00003XAVA|5.0|Overlooked masterpiece from two thirds of CSN. It certainly proves that Graham Nash could carry his weight, writing classics such as &quot;Take the Money and Run&quot; and &quot;Wind on the Water&quot;. By the way, Happy  Birthday to Mr. Nash and if your reading this, my review of the last CSNY  album will be coming out in my college newspaper and I'll be sending copies  out to you. David Crosby cements his place in the Hall of Fame with his  soul searching songs. A must have for any CSN/CSNY fan.
B000002MG1|5.0|For all the wonder of New Adventures, the sombre reflection of Murmur and the handful of masterpieces on Out Of Time, it is still Automatic For The People that is REM's masterpiece.   From start to finish this is a delight,  the pop exuberance that spoiled Out Of Time is finely honed here, so Man On  The Moon and Sidewinder Sleeps Tonite are as fine as the ballads.  Find The  River is the undoubted highlight, ranking with Losing My Religion and  Country Feedback as the best REM song, but it's all fine stuff.
6302250277|5.0|I loved this movie very much. It absolutely screams for you to &quot;let your hair down.&quot; I agree: LET THOSE BOBBY PINS FLY! Gorgeous cinametography, perfect casting, and a bit of wry humor, too. Brava!
B000002HD5|5.0|Gentlemen ranks with The Jayhawks' Sound Of Lies, Nirvana's Nevermind and Counting Crows' August And Everything After as one of the best albums of the nineties.  Greg Dulli, after a couple of well received albums, purged  every drop of anger and hate on this fine record; no one since Dylan has  sounded so genuinely emotionally distraught.  That said, Gentlemen is far  from a depressing listen.  The buzz and momentum of Debonair, What Jail Is  Like and Be Sweet are awe inspiring with an underlying misogyny that leaves  a nasty taste in the mouth.  The female race get some revenge on the  highlight, My Curse, the only track not sung by Dulli.  The lyrics and  emotional intensity hits home with aplomb.  The lyrics (&quot;Don't hurt me  baby; I flinch so when you do&quot;) are loaded with sexual tension and  crackle throughout the six minutes.  It stands as one of the finest songs  in my collection.  As does the album.
6304457383|5.0|To the general public - this is not only a scary movie. This film is a suspensful and captivating motion picture. The way everything is layed out to make everything fit together...it blows my mind. Audrey is nothing short  of fabulous is the film. She adds a certain flare to this challenging role,  making it her most suspensful work. I can not tell you how awesome Alan  Arkin was in this film. He gets you right from the start and never lets you  go. Don't let this purchase get away from you!
B000002LOE|4.0|The least coherent of all REM albums, Out Of Time is the sound of a band becoming BIG and, unfortunately, cluttering an otherwise masterful record with some horrible misfires.  Call me a snob, but those tracks - Radio  Song, Shiny Happy People - are saccharine, flimsy and blatant sell-outs.   It's lucky then that the redeeming features are so delightful.  Losing My  Religion is the obvious starting point, a pained and utterly convincing  portrait of emotional breakdown, and a rightful classic.  Low and Half A  World Away are as good, while Country Feedback is heartbreaking and the  best track on the album by a mile.  Despite the flaws this is still an  essential purchase both for ardent fans and the casual music lover.
0385493800|2.0|For me, John Grisham runs hot or cold.  Testament is &quot;Lukewarm&quot;.  I did not find the behavior or character of the &quot;heirs&quot; to be believeable. A disappointment after &quot;The Street Lawyer&quot; which I  loved.
B00000DGUG|4.0|Following a multi-million selling album was always going to be tough, but the way in which Alanis Morissette followed Jagged Little Pill is shockingly audacious.  On first play, SFIJ is almost unlistenable,  certainly hard to take from start to finish.  It's real  stream-of-consciousness stuff, Front Row, Baba, Sympathetic Character are  all pretty heavy-going at first.  But it is thankfully tempered by the  likes of That I Would Be Good, a simple but strangely endearing ballad,  Thank U and UR.  <br />Not everyone's cuppa, this will disappoint the vast  majority of Morissette fans picked up with Jagged Little Pill, but for  those of us who like our female singer-songwriters a bit more cutting-edge,  this is a surprisingly satisfying piece of work.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Without a doubt the best album ever made.  Have owned it since it first came out and I still listen to it frequently.  &quot;Let Down&quot; is probably the most beautiful song I have ever heard.  &quot;Exit Music&quot;  is probably the next best track.  The entire album is wonderful though.   It's the most emotionally pummeling music I've ever heard.  Can't wait for  the next album!
B000002MY3|4.0|I was into this very early on and now, in retrospect, I find it grates easily.  Having said that, it made such an impression on me a few years ago that it's pretty hard to slate completely.  You Oughta Know still rings  with bitchy defiance, and the occasional album track (Wake Up, Not The  Doctor) prove she's a real talent, but Ironic just sounds horrible and  overplayed and Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie is more interesting.   Still, if you haven't got it already, then you probably don't want it.  So,  forget it...or something.
B00003XB8K|1.0|Anyone who would say Enigma is comparable to Enya probably wants to sell CD's more than listen to the music.  But that was the pitch.  You got me this time, and it looks like it was a successful promotion.  When people  discover though that the orchestration, rhythms, voices and overall tone is  nothing like Enya, you may have fewer takers next time.  You can sure  you've lost me.
B000002G8L|5.0|My sister bought this album on vinyl when it first came out.  In the mid-80's I literally WORE OUT three (count 'em -- three!) cassette recordings of this album in my car stereo.  Everything else that went thru  the tape deck stayed only for one play-thru and then this tape went back  in.  For hours.  I've been looking for this CD for YEARS!  For my money,  these are the quintessential versions of each of these songs.  This is the  most perfect album ever recorded.
B000021Y77|5.0|I have just watch the DVD and &quot;&quot;(COOL)&quot;&quot; is all i can say. A true classic in the making and well worth the dough.  If you like something different to watch,  and not the usual HOLLYWOOD pap,  get this  and enjoy..............!
1556154844|5.0|I've been working in the software industry for 12 years now. I believe that a lot of bad practices have been creeping into programming. A lot of code is poorly written, full of &quot;quick and dirty&quot; fixes, poorly  structured, and hard to comprehend. The IT industry is not as rigorous as  it once was.<br />This is what Code Complete addresses. It is not a  programming primer, it is an discussion of methods that can be used to make  code more legible, more maintainable, and less buggy.<br />If you don't or  can't buy the book then absorb this idea from the book: Programming is not  the art of communicating with the computer, it is the art of communicating  with other programmers who will read your code.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby takes incredible beats and mixes it with classic blues and folk vocals to create a terrific CD.  One of the few CDs I can hear straight through without skipping.
6305358567|1.0|When I watched &quot;Elizabeth&quot;, I was expecting that the movie will stay close to the true Elizabeth I instead of a Hollywood version of Elizabeth. I was wrong.  They went away from facts and into fantasy ie  Hollywood.  They tried to make Elizabeth like everyone and she was the good  saint.  She was not a good saint nor did she like everyone mostly  Catholics.<br />The one thing I can say good about this movie is the acting  and the clothing, but don't think that they are trying to tell you the true  side of Elizabeth..go to your Library to find the true Elizabeth.
0780622553|5.0|ahah, i actually saw this in the movie theaters. it was very good, iliked the plot, i liked the acting and i liked the special effects. overall it was a very good movie. if you can belive it, better than waterworld
B00002EPJH|5.0|I have been a fan of Keith Jarrett for years.  This CD reflects a quieter, romantic side that really does not appear clearly in most of his works.  It is easier listening than his earlier works but don't think that this means  he's easy listening because there is such tender emotion is his lyricism  that you want to listen more intently.  I lent this CD to my significant  other and I am still trying to get it back!  She loves it and she knew  little of his work beforehand.  KJ's genius continues to reveal itself in  different modalities.  This is an excellent CD and an important one to add  to your Jarrett collection.
0140434674|5.0|This is the last novel that Jane Austen finished before she died. Had she lived longer, it might have been a longer book. But It is a piece of jewel that I enjoyed very much.<br />Our heroine Anne,when she was nineteen years  old was persuaded to give up the only man she ever loved because he had no  money and could only offer her an uncertain future as a sailor's wife.  Captain Wentworth comes back eight yers later, successful and rich looking  for a wife.   Jane Austen weaves her magin threads and the story unfolds  with unforgettable characters and final union of two people who had loved  each other all these years inspite of social prejudice and class  difference.<br />Of all leading men in her books, Captain Wentworth is the  most dashing man with his good looks, intelligence and fearlessness of a  strong man who knows his own value inspite of social injustice.<br />This is   the kind of book to read over and over again. and every time you read, Jane  Austen will take you to the charming regency time in Bath.
0385484518|5.0|I read this book many times and each time managed to pull away with something new. Mitch Albom does an incredible job of telling a story of the love that exists between a mentor and his student-a love that is like no  other relationship.This book should inspire all college professors to  nurture relationships with special students in their classes-they never  know how much they may positively influence a young person's life until  they read this charming yet provokative first-person account of a man's  adoration for his  mentor and the sacrifices that he made at the twilight  of the old man's life.<br />Mitch...if you read this review,I want to  congradulate you on a phenominal piece of classic American literature!  THANK YOU!
6305265488|5.0|If you loved Cinderella as a girl you will love this.  It puts a little twist on the story.  Or should I saw sets the story straight.  The casting in this movie was great the people  seemed to really match the character.   It was well written and earned its 5 stars.  This movie is one you will  watch over and over again.
0385484518|5.0|I read this book many times and each time managed to pull away with something new. Mitch Albom does an incredible job of telling a story of the love that exists between a mentor and his student-a love that is like no  other relationship.This book should inspire all college professors to  nurture relationships with special students in their classes-they never  know how much they may positively influence a young person's life until  they read this charming yet provokative first-person account of a man's  adoration for his  mentor and the sacrifices that he made at the twilight  of the old man's life.<br />Mitch...if you read this review,I want to  congradulate you on a phenominal piece of classic American literature!  THANK YOU!
630575067X|5.0|I have been a fan of Star Wars as long as I can remember.  My dad showed me the first one and I fell in love with it.  I saw this one and I could not stop raving about it.  I liked it so much that I got my younger brother to show me how to play Pod Racing on the computer.  I have waited a long  time for this movie and I can't wait till the other ones come out.  This  movie is for people of all ages.  Everyone will love it.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Before I heard this CD, I only knew a few Santana songs... then my dad played the CD for me and I knew I had to have it!  I listen to it in the morning to wake up, when I'm driving, when I'm at home... whenever!  I  would definitely recommend this CD to anyone who likes good music that  isn't all the same from song to song.
6305537798|5.0|Yah ok so this was a typical teeny bopper movie but it is one that you can not miss.  It shows the ups and downs of relationships and what could happen if you screw them up.  This movie was like &quot;The Taming of the  Shrew&quot;  It is one of those movies that you will never forget.  It was  well written and wasn't hard to understand.  It was also very funny.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Cretu has done a wonderful job of recreating Enigma's trademark heavy, heady sound.  As usual, listeners expecting a thin reincarnation of MCMXC, a.D. are bound to be disappointed.  This album's greatest strength lies in  its masterful interweaving of dark and light tones, rhythms, and voices.   Though &quot;Gravity of Love&quot; is bound to be a favorite,  &quot;Traces&quot; and its seamless lead-in to &quot;Screen&quot; are also  sure to please.
0451160916|4.0|I decided to read this book because I saw the movie and liked it a lot.  There was so much more that happened in the book that I wish the movie would have shown, especially the whole part with the animal hedges.  I  thought it was an excellent book, easy to read and filled with detail.   However, because I saw the movie first I kept picturing Jack Nicholson the  whole time.  I was also very disappointed with the ending of the book (I  like the movie ending better).  So if you have not done neither - read the  book or seen the movie - I suggest reading the book first because it is  better to be disappointed in the movie than the book!
B0000042H4|5.0|I work in a classical music shop and Wagner's Ring cycle is without doubt the one work where people have their personal favourites and equally their hates. Wagner experts will gabble on for hours about the quality of the  1953 recording they heard live in London and is unquestionably the  best......     People may dislike Solti, they may have their opinions about  the singers and the pace at which Solti takes some of the passages (quick,  unbelievably so in places!), however, the quality of the drama being  produced is like nothing you will ever hear. The engineers have produced  miracles: you can feel the setting and the atmosphere, through the effects;  the cast is awesome and the orchestral playing superb throughout.     It  really is a masterpiece of creative drama: any faults should be put into  perspective with respect to this magnificent achievement!
B00000IGGA|1.0|Except for Chocolate Jesus which is superb
6302649943|5.0|Stephen King's IT is one of the best horror miniseries I, myself have ever viewed. <br />Tim Curry is brilliant as PennyWise the Dancing Clown. He's sure to curdle your blood! With an all-star cast to back him up, including  Annette O'Toole, John Ritter, and Tim Reid (of WKRP fame), Tim Curry takes  the shape and form of small-town kids' greatest fears. <br />For the most  part, this film is very easy to keep up to, but in very few parts, it gets  a little hard to follow. <br />Although it's not rated, I definately wouldn't  recommend this movie to younger viewers. It's far to intense and well, just  plain scary!
B00000AGI0|5.0|If you're a VH fan, invest in the Gold CD of Van Halen 1. You'll hear things you've never heard before. Everything is louder and clearer. Of course this is the ship that launched a thousand hair bands but none of  them came close to the songwriting, musicianship and sense of humor  displayed by this seminal band that broke the choke hold of new wave.  Definitely worth the extra money to hear this stuff the way it was meant to  be heard. Of course vinyl purists will complain, but I bought this album on  vinyl the day it came out and I have to say for sheer listenability, the  Gold CD rocks!
0671015206|1.0|The book does come up with lots of numbers and statistics to follow up that most of these such millionaires are either of the higher professional level like doctors  or self employed individuals.<br />There are major flaws  to the reasoning and methodology.  Let us say that if you are among the  majority of those that make less than $50K and payed for your own  education, you will have learned all that is in this book already.  Since I  cannot reveal what the book contains, I cannot note the flaws.  <br />This  book does not offer specific advice to be a millionaire but rather like  Robin Leach's show where the Rich and Famous are profiled.  You get an  statistical account of a general profile.<br />For a book that is current,  there is little mention or case profiling of those that are in the lower to  middle class.  And frighteningly.. no mention of technology as it affects  us as it does today.<br />The biggest note is that such millionaires should  not spoil their children.  But this observation is clearly lost to such  millionaires.  Observing once the son of the owner driving his father's  suburban into an employee's volvo on the lot, you would think that with all  the money there is, the son would be honorable.   To my surprise at this  family company, no word was ever said and the employee had to discover her  car damaged.  Truly, spoiling one's children as the book implies does  affect behavior as I have observed.<br />A book of light reading.
6302181569|5.0|This science fiction remake of Shakespeare's The Tempest is one of the few gems which still sparkle from its era. Leslie Nielsen gives a star performace as does Walter Pidgeon. The story is grippingly suspenseful as  well as giving a thoughtful look at human nature, with some fantastic comic  moments and great special effects for the time. With the strange twist at  the end it makes for compelling viewing. Happily, it hasn't - yet - been  remade and trashily jazzed up for modern cinema.
B000001FS6|4.0|It was really hard for me to place only 4 stars on this awesome CD.  Sticking to my original plan, I only allowed 15 CD's to be given 5 stars (click on my name above to see which ones I chose).  I had a very difficult  time trying to determine if I liked &quot;Joshua Tree&quot; or this CD  more.  The tie-breaker was &quot;One Tree Hill&quot; on &quot;Joshue  Tree&quot; which I think is U2's best song ever. <br />With that being said,  this CD really doesn't have a bad song on it. The live version of  &quot;Still haven't found...&quot; with the background gospel singers  sounds even better than the studio version.  You've probably already heard  it numerous times on the radio.  &quot;Pride&quot;, &quot;Silver and  Gold&quot; and &quot;When Love comes to Town&quot; are also great songs  which get a lot of air time, while &quot;God Part II&quot; is just as good  but I don't hear as much. <br />As far as live CD's go, I prefer my live  versions to have the same clarity as the studio. 9 times out of 10, the  studio version actually sounds better to me.  This CD is that exception  that sounds better live.  The recordings are a great reflection of the  energy U2 gives to their music without giving a lot of excess audience  noise.  You won't be disappointed with the CD.
B00000JG4N|5.0|This is my favourite Crue album of all time, from the glam-tastic late 80s.  The opening track kicks in with Sixx's thundering bassline, before ripping into the powerful, sexy song and catchy chorus.  The tracks which  follow are of equally high quality. Even the ballads are okay, and I hate  ballads!  The album really catches the excitement of the whole Glam scene,  and many of the tracks are great to dance to!  Compared to this band, most  just pale into insignificance.
B0000025BL|5.0|I remember accidentally running across Mr. Loaf one night while channel surfing.  It was his debut appearance on Saturday Night Live singing &quot;All revved up with no place to go.&quot; Yes, that was a while back  (remember Chevy Chase, Bill Murray...?).  Needless to say I was so  impressed I ran out to buy the album just hoping that the other songs were  just as good.  To make a long story short, I remember listening to this  album so many times, I had to buy a new needle for the record player (a  moon-rock needle for those of you who remember Steve Martin). <br />Meat Loaf  probably has one of the best vocals of any male singer I have heard.  This  is a perfect match for the type of music he plays.  &quot;Paradise by the  Dashboard Light&quot; is one of those songs that can only be sung with  someone with a great voice. I've heard it attempted at several Karaoke bars  with bad (BAD) results.  <br />I have selected only 15 CD's to rate 5 stars.   I did this to differentiate the truly great CD's from the &quot;just  great.&quot;  Click on my name above to see the other 14 CD's I chose.   Maybe our musical tastes are similar and I can lead you to other great  music.
0553278223|5.0|This one was kinda scary. Ray Bradbury wrote this book in the forties? fifties? He actually thought technology would have progressed so much in the time since he wrote it that we would already be going to Mars. He  figured we would have sent the first mission in 1999. He was way ahead of  his time, I can say that much. He was way ahead than we are now. The book  was incredibly good, though. I really loved it. When me AG English teacher,  Ms. Jodi Williams, said that we were going to read it, I was like,  &quot;Oh, boy. Another boring book for English.&quot; It was really good,  though. I would've never thought it would be so good!
630575067X|5.0|this movie was a box office hit for more reasons than 1! many people are skeptical of it because they had astronomical expectations. the movie was in no way a failure, it can be enjoyed by all. star wars fans who have been  in a coma for a year won't be disappointed when they see this. the viewers  of the movie shouldn't have been so skeptical of characters such as jar jar  binks. lucas made this movie in his vision, not to be a hit because it had  young, &quot;hip&quot; stars that everyone knows. he actually got actors  who have the amazing ability to act. this movie was a great achievement, i  saw it 8 times in the theatre. may he force be with you!
6304415346|5.0|It was an awesome movie. Lots of action. Humor, too. The 20th century lady, Lily, said that Borg sounded like Swedish. When she saw them, she said, &quot;Definitely not Swedish.&quot; It was hilarious. Kind of scary,  too. Especially for the younger ones. It's not really that good for kids  under, let's say, seven.
0790729970|4.0|If you haven't seen this movie it, buy it. Carrey rocks and it's even fun for kids! No tacky scenes or bad language. Our 2-1/2 year old really likes it, too.
B000001G5H|5.0|Maurizio Pollini's musical vision is unique.   There has simply never been a pianist as direct, or playing as lucid, in the entire history of the instrument.  Nor has there ever been an artist so averse to generic  expressivity of any kind.  In nearly ever piece he undertakes to play,  Pollini manages to distill every phrase, to reduce things to their  essentials. While his utter lack of sentimentality has attracted critical  barbs over the years - he is purported to be 'cold', 'mechanical' ,  'intellectual' (horrors!) - it actually arises from the deepest kind of  spiritual engagement.  Pollini is able to achieve this depth of engagement  in part because of the extraordinary freedom his memory  and technical  facility permit.  <br />Pollini's recording of the Chopin Études is legendary,  and with good reason.  I imagine that Chopin, much as he envied Liszt,  would have simply been astonished by the masculine energies, the sheer  majesty Pollini summons from these pieces.  Without calling the least  attention to himself, Pollini creates a sound world so compelling that no  listener can go away unmoved.  That his austerity, intensity, and refusal  ever to swoon has moved some listeners to think they hear a lack of  musicality is not surprising, but it says much more about those listeners  than about Pollini!  My advice: disregard them, dive into these  performances, and discover a Chopin like no other.
B00000IAU3|5.0|The first time I heard Dido was on the short-lived NBC TV show 'Cold Feet'. It was 'Here with Me', and I was so entranced, but couldn't find out who the singer was. About a week later, they played that song on the radio,  and I called in and got her name. I immediately found the album, and I  haven't stopped listening to it. This woman IS an angel! Her breathy vocals  combine with incredible basses and synthesizers to create a dreamy  atmosphere. 'Here With Me', 'All You Want', and 'Thank You' are the  outstanding tracks on this album. It's great to listen to when relaxing, or  when setting a romantic mood. You Must Buy This Album!
B000001XN2|5.0|This CD has all the usual problems of live recordings, especially not apparently meant at the time for full release except over radio. But the advantage is that one gets a better balanced account than usually happens  with Karajan's studio opera recordings. The principals are fantastic, and  the performance generally exciting. Corelli was a marvelous Manrico, and  this is as good a singing of Leonora as any that Price recorded. The  booklet is the usual Gala disgrace, but otherwise this is a splendid  rendition at an very good price.
B000031WD8|3.0|I felt like an idiot,  I bought the DVD thinking it was American Beauty.  But, I watched and thought it was hysterical, a high school genre movie, if you liked Fast times at Ridgemont High and Sixteen Candles you will love  this.  Don't watch it with small children or your mother.
6305320802|4.0|This is a fine DVD, to be sure, but considering that there are two widely-seen versions of this film (Todd-AO and CinemaScope), I don't see why they couldn't have given us both versions instead of  &quot;retiring&quot; one of them for all time.  I realize I'm in the  minority, but I actually prefer the CinemaScope version, perhaps because  that was the one I grew up watching on TV over the years.  Once I got past  the novelty of seeing the Todd-AO version for the first time I missed  hearing the lines delivered the &quot;old&quot; way!  I remember the  CinemaScope version actually began with a title card that said &quot;Color  by Technicolor&quot; while a full-bodied orchestra played the music to  &quot;There's a bright golden haze on the meadow&quot;--an exhilarating  fanfare never to be heard on home video, as they have always substituted  the Todd-AO version's overture.  Since the Todd-AO version was a &quot;road  show&quot; only attraction, it seems to me that more people would have seen  the CinemaScope version over the years and thus it deserves to be preserved  for historical purposes if not for any other.  Ironically, the back of the  DVD box erroneously indicates that it's the CinemaScope version!
0964385619|5.0|As a college student who has taken two economics classes and two consumer law classes, this book taught more in the two days it took to read than the four semesters it took to complete those courses. I now feel prepared to  enter the real world and become self-reliant. This book should be required  reading for junior high, high school and college students because it  explains debt, liabilities and assets in a very simple way.
0385484518|5.0|The day after I finished reading this book, my Dad suddenly died (while jogging).  He had lent the book to me.  I'm glad he had read it, and it helped that I had read it.
6304708521|1.0|I can't believe anyone would say this movie was &quot;well done&quot;. Well done? Did you even see the movie? Its all impromptu. The acting is all bad. In bloodvessels dream, the fat chick can't stop laughing, and when  shes fighting with Ringo, she can't help but laugh. Oh, and the closeup of  Paul's eyes in Fool on the Hill? Boring as hell! I'm the greatest Beatles  fan of all time, but this was really bad. The only good part? The Walrus!  And the music is good too. But for that, next time I'll just pop in the CD.  The best way to watch this movie..... close your eyes. Sorry, its all  garbage.
B000003N7K|5.0|Since this recording was originally issued, I've played it literally thousands of times. And the last time touched me emotionally as powerfully as the first time. Every track is a masterpiece of sensitive  interpretation, but Strayhorn's Lush Life gets my vote as the most  artistically perfect  jazz ballad ever recorded. If my house were on fire,  I'd brave the inferno to rescue this recording.
B00000IN5G|5.0|I heard &quot;Warheart&quot; on the radio and the DJ said it was a song from Children Of Bodom, so I bought the album. I was impressed. The only song that could use some work is &quot;Black Widow&quot;, but that is not enough to lower the CD's quality. I'd give this more stars if I could. This  band combines Slayer's thrash vocals, Death's melody, and Rammstein's dark  industrial keyboard work. Try these bands if you like COB. Hope they have a  new album come out soon.
0930289234|5.0|Other reviews can debate the strengths and importance of this work, but it can be summed up by saying that this is the best comic series ever produced. Period.  It deserves ten stars.
B00000J7J4|3.0|i bought this cd when it first came out b/c i saw Dave Matthews and Rob Thomas on the lable....before all the hype and publicity. I've been a fan of DMB for a while and i was happy to finally see something new from MIA  Rob Thomas. and it was cool. but damn people it's not THAT great! those  really are the only two cool songs on the album...except maybe  Everlast...but hey so what?
6305363668|5.0|Blade Runner is a great film as many of you allready know - a beautifully crafted work of great style, emotion and visual brilliance. All of you that were dissapointed by the lack of new material contained in the  &quot;Director's Cut&quot; should look forward to the &quot;Special  Edition&quot; which is being prepared for DVD with 8 minutes of extra  footage and a remastered soundtrack! Can't wait - can you? Also on the way  is a SE of Ridley Scott's Legend.
B00000JY1X|5.0|If you like great, old-fashioned songwriting with a variety of influences and genres, take a chance on this endlessly dazzling set. Get the whole box set, but take the CDs one week or so at a time, until you're familiar with  all the songs - it's easier to get into the material that way. Bravo  Stephen Merrit, long may your talent shine!
B00003XB8K|3.0|Michael Cretu could record rocks falling on a tin roof and I'd buy it; I love his art. This new offering in the Enigma series is good, especially his use of music from Carmina Burana and snatches of gorgeous pipe organ,  but so far &quot;Cross of Changes&quot; strikes me as the best Enigma so  far. But if anything else, buy this album for &quot;Gravity of  Love&quot;...beautiful!
0671042858|4.0|I have to admit that I have never been a baseball fan. Even a few years ago when the Braves started their thing, I pretty much ignored it. But now, thanks to King, I may be looking at the game in a whole new light, or at  least have a better understanding as to why it's so important to so many  people. I heard somebody once say that a baseball game is a microcosmic  version of life. Aside from all the B.S., salary disputes, and silly  mascots, I think that's not too far off the mark. Maybe I can learn  something from the game after all.<br /> Regarding the book, King's writing  never ceases to amaze me. I don't agree with people who say he's declined  in the past few years. The truth is, he's only gotten better. His ability  to convey the inner monologues of a person is amazing. And he's given us a  hero in the shape of a nine year old girl. Ignore those shallow reviews  below that bash the book because it &quot;lacks horror&quot; or has no  &quot;scariness&quot;. I don't think that's the point. The point is to give  you characters you can get to know, make friends with, and care enough  about to see them through to the last page. That's what King has done . . .  again.
0553213105|1.0|I have wanted to read this novel for a long time because of all the great reviews.  Finally I had the chance to read it and personally I am disgusted.  I tried really hard to  see what people love about the book.  I cannot see it.  There is no true love in the book, the characters are  shallow and there is absolutely no story.  It talks through the entire book  of these five sisters marrying.  I think that they are al pompous and  rather annoying. I do have to say that Elizabeth is my favorite character  as she doesn't seem to be as sucked in to the society nearly as much, but I  do not see what there is in this book that has given it all the wonderful  reviews.  Though I do encourage all to reaad it and see for themselves what  it is like.  From the reviews people either LOVE it or HATE it there are no  in-betweens.  Good-luck to all I hope you see more than I did.
B00001NFCY|2.0|I like simplicit rock as much as the next guy, but c'mon this CD is flat out boring.  Just about every song starts the same, they use some spacey guitar riff, then rock out.  Their first CD was good listened to sparingly,  and this one is just more of the same.  In interviews I've heard them say  that the first album was just a demo.  I'd say if that's true, this album  is an over-produced/effected demo.
0767819594|4.0|A little too extreme for me.  They could have decreased the importance of sex and drugs quite a bit and still the idea would have been great and the movie would have joined a wider category of people.  I still loved it.  I  mean, the scenario was great and the end was not too cocky.  I especially  loved to watch Witherspoon.  We could feel that she really believed in her  character and did a great play. However, Gellar is so mean and wild, her  play sometimes gets confusing and we feel that it's not really her.<br />It  was a great idea to introduce a totally new aspect of sex in this movie.   This movie finally shows that if you really love someone, you're gonna  stick with him or her, no matter how many partners you had before, because  &quot;love has its reasons that reason ignores&quot;.
0553278398|5.0|I come across by this book by accident, and I'm sure glad I picked it up.  I enjoy reading trilogies  (read Sonja Blue by Nancy A. Collins if you want something great in horror) and this first book has me wanting more.   Hopefully the author continues on with the current cast of charters and  problems with the theory on psychohistory.  Overall a very good book.
B00001U0E1|4.0|This a wonderful movie about the life of Shakespeare.  The writers of the movie found very a inventive way to incorporate Viola (Ms. Paltrow) into the movie.  True Shakespeare lovers will remember the character, Viola from  the play 12th Night.  I bought the Collector's Edition and love it.  The  extra &quot;goodies&quot; that come with the CE are well worth the money.   Also, check out chapter 16 and 17, the background colors and costumes are  visually stunning. Beware of the love scenes and the noise that accompanies  them.  (Chapter 7 and 18).  Overall, this is one to definitely add to your  collection.
