B00005JM0B|4.0|I can hardly remember when I first saw the original two Terminator movies, with the memorable slogan \\"Hasta la vista baby!\\"  Well, I went to check out the new Terminator 3: Rise Of The Machines to refresh my Terminator experiences.  Following many sub-par sequels such as MIB2, I wasn't too confident in the T3.  T3 isn't too bad.  As expected there was non-stop action, and awesome scenes, when Schwarzenegger fires his machine guns and rocket launcher at the police officers and their cars, and the death toll adds to- zero, or the big fights on the roads with TX and the Terminator.<br />The plot goes as follows: John Connor (Nick Stahl) who is the destined future leader against the machines, is a runaway.  He finds his life in danger as a new robot named TX (played by the beautiful Kristanna Loken) who is deadlier than all robots.  It is the Terminator's (Arnold Schwarzenegger) job to protect John Connor and his accompilice and future wife Kate (played by Claire Danes from The Rainmaker and Romeo And Juliet).<br />The acting job is the same from Schwarzenegger, the cool sunglasses, and the no-smile, serious expression.  The only difference is the new motto, \\"She'll be back!\\".  It is a cool movie to watch, though lacking a bit in substance and is mostly action and no drama- which some people might actually pefer.  The action is as expected, awesome!  A pretty good sequel, though could be better.  A huge debut with special effects costing 172 million.  Go see it if you are an action fan, or like the original Terminator movies.  Not at all dissapointing.
B0000004V2|5.0|This album meets all the criteria to be considered an all time great.  it still sounds a fresh and original years after it was released and is unlike most current music.  it was a cornerstone in launching a new musical movement - Madchester, it has influenced countless bands, Radiohead, Oasis and more or less every indie UK band.<br />This Album has it all, great melodies, a interesting mix of songs from the bombastic and slighlty creepy &quot;I want to be adored&quot; , the beat driven rock of &quot; Elephant Stone&quot; , slightly goofy pop rock &quot;Bye Bye Badman&quot; and melodic hooks of &quot; She Bangs a Drum&quot;.<br />The Stone Rise could have been the next big thing but  never reached their potential. They did produce one glorious album  that will ensure their place in Music history and in the collections of music  lovers.
0780624890|5.0|Blade  with W.Snipes  the original with Stephen Dorff had  something of the Blade Runner aura about  it .  In fact I nearly rate Blade the original up there with &quot;Blade Runner&quot; (with Harrison Ford) which is my favorite Sci -Fi movie of all time . Blade   has a  dark , cyberpunk European strip (for US readers &quot;Comic book&quot;) feel to it that Blade II just does not come even close to (even though it's set in Europe !).Blade  had distinctive original   coolness  that was amazing . Several scenes come to mind but I will not get into them . Sadly I think that the terrible Blade II has pretty much locked up the franchise  and destroyed the mystery about it just like what the Matrix Reloaded did to the original Matrix(well at least for me) After having high expectations and getting all exited about getting to see a follow up of the original Blade I LITERALLY  fell asleep at Blade II . I think that it's the change of directors that did it and the Mexican director of the sequel is most probably the one to be saddled with the blame for killing off of the series.<BR>One thing I cannot understand is why Snipes would agree to so drasticly change the feel of the Blade character which so WORKED in the original Blade  .Just to please the warped demands of the makers of Blade II ? Gone is the cool cold calculating angry and quiet  Blade from the  original , we now have a touchy-feely politically correct blabbermouth Blade in the sequel. Sheesh !Snipes  must have KNOWN that it was a wrong move .I would have thought that a mega-star such as Snipes  who had some authority to put a stamp on a character that HE created  and he alone can play would have rebelled .  I hope I am wrong  , I hope they go out of their way to make Blade III , I would just LOVE to see a WORTHY followup to the dismal  travesty  of Blade II   but I figure that they would have to go begging on their knees to the crew that made Blade the original . <BR>It could work out like the Exorsist series. Theoriginal Exorsist was a Classic and  ... well  you know what I mean  .Exorcist II - The Heretic  was a disaster of epic proportions  and everybody forgot about the series . Then Exorsist III came along  with George C. Scott and  Brad Dourif (what a performance!!!)For me  Ex.III was even better then the original and the probably best horror movie ever made . I hope I get to see  a turnaround  like this  in the Blade series . I really do
B0000AXE8I|2.0|Let's face it, people.  The Matrix Reloaded sucked.  What was it besides a bunch of good special effects?  The confusing plot made it seem deep and thoughtful, but when you really get down to it, it was just ridiculous.  (You'll notice that most people who review this and think it was good can't spell and have no reason that it's good except &quot;The special effects were good!&quot;)<BR>  The Matrix Reloaded was just one big trailer for Matrix Conclusions.  All it did was add onto the first and make people more confused.  &quot;To be concluded&quot;???  Why not just conclude it right now?  We all know what's going to happen.  It's so predictable.  Save yourself the trouble and just skip to the third.
0671015206|5.0|This book will change your perspective on the &quot;millionaire&quot; that society  has created, it's a page turner.
B0000AXE8I|1.0|I DON'T KNOW WHERE TO BEGIN. THE MOVIE IS SO BAD THAT ANYWHERE IS A GOOD START. BUT, NO, I'LL START AT THE FIGHTS. THERE ARE TOO MANY OF THEM AND THEY DON'T MAKE SENSE. WHY PUT ONE GUY BEATING A HUNDRED MEN OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND... YOU GET MY DRIFT. AND IF HE IS ABLE TO FLY, WHY SHOULD THE MOVIEMAKER MAKE HIM FIGHT. WHY NOT JUST MAKE HIM FLY AWAY!<br />WHAT A PIECE OF TRASH! I AM GLAD I DIDN'T BUY IT, I RENTED IT. I TRIED TO GET MY MONEY BACK, BUT THE VIDEO STORE INSISTED THAT ONCE I STARTED TO WATCH THIS GARBAGE... ER, MOVIE, I WAS STUCK WITH THE BILL. DARN! I AM NOT HAPPY ABOUT THIS. <br />AND BY THE WAY, TO THE REVIEWER WHO CLAIMS THAT THIS MOVIE IS NOT FOR MORONS, GET A LIFE! THIS MOVIE IS BAD! PLAIN AND SIMPLE. SHOW HOW INTELLIGENT YOU REALLY ARE AND ADMIT IT!
B00006GFAB|2.0|i have been a kiss fan form 1978 to now and forever. i have double platinum, killers with four new tracks,bought smashes,thrashes,and hits withthe idea of 70s classics along with new 80s tracks.plus they gave us three new songs,well two and re=recorded beth with eric carr singing.then in the 90s came you wanted the best,you've got the best.alive and alive 2 with outtake live versions of take me and room service.then the interview with jay leno.then came greatest kiss.with the band back in make-up they try and cash in off the old albums.only thing that it has then the other greatest hits is two sides of the coin.if you have all the albums i have just listed.then comes the vary best of kiss.same as the rest but the songs is in not the same order.this has tracks that ace and peter did not do as members of kiss.how many more times must we buy strutter,detroit rock city,and beth.i have only one thought.if a album with two sides of the coin on it is greatest kiss.then gene simmons thinks a album that has god gave rock and roll to you makes it the vary best of kiss.go figure.dont ask about 20th century remaster album out now.dont get me wrong i love kiss.the box set that is out is great.alive 4 is a great re=view,but gene,and paul please no album any time soon called all our best.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|This is a great album, from start to finish.  It's nothing like &quot;Is this it?&quot; which makes it even better.  Its a totally different sound and a different mood as well.  The only song on here that will satiate the radio listeners is no. 4 &quot;12:51&quot;, but who the hell listens to the radio anymore with the crap thats being played on it today.  Inconsequently, this is my least favorite song.  To be brief-its an awesome album and I would recommend it to anyone who has an advanced musically inclined ear.  It's a definite change from the &quot;great&quot; sounds of Seether, Default, Good Charlotte, etc.
B00009V7P8|5.0|Ive never felt compled to write a review but if i dont shout and rave about this album right now i will explode. Its just beautiful, i dont know how else to descirbe it, every song is beautifully written and beatifully produced. Every song on 'O' is wrought and filled with deep emptions of love and despir, which on listening you cannot help but feel too <br />I heard of Damien Rice a while back through a freind but i just passed him off as another aritst my mate usually hypes up. Until yesterday. I heard 'Cannonball' and instantly went out and got this album. I was not let down. Every song on this album is magical especially 'delicate', 'volcano' and 'amie' I have never heard another artist who sings with such raw emotion and passion as Damien Rice. <br />Reading another review on here sums up 'O' perfectly &quot;its like your dreaming with Damien Rice as your soundtrack&quot;
0792151712|1.0|The most overated of all time.
B000089RVR|5.0|At times, Dido is compared with other artists such as Annie Lennox (whose latest production is also brilliant, by the way), Natalie Merchant and even Tori Amos. The sole comparison should be a source of pride for her, given the musical stature of all of these names, but the truth is that slowly, with only two albums out, she's carving her place in today's musical scene as one of the most talented &amp; balanced acts out there.<br />Three years after her successful debut album, &quot;No Angel&quot;, Dido Armstrong comes back stronger sharing again producing and writing duties with her brother Rollo (from Faithless). The product of their collaboration is a more solid album than the previous one. Doing a song per song account of the album would be a waste of your time, mainly because it all stands out as a cohesive piece of work, with great lyrics that sit close to your heart of mine (I mean, you have to be able to relate on an emotional or intellectual level to the lyrics of at least some of the songs), and though some people contend that most songs sound &quot;the same&quot;, I'd argue that the musical production also shows an evolution beyond her first album, with songs like &quot;Stoned&quot;, &quot;Mary's in India&quot;, &quot;See you when you're 40&quot; and &quot;Don't leave home&quot; as a testimony of this.<br />All in all, Dido came back to stay and it sure comes in at a great time when there's a need for more talented artists like her in the pop scene.
B00004YZFR|5.0|I have to be honest, I can't BELIEVE some of the negative reviews of this film and DVD!  First of all, this has been and continues to be one of the greatest rock documentaries of all times.  As many of the more enlightened reviewers point out, this film is a true snapshot of the end of the sixties -- philosophically, emotionally and idealistically speaking.  If you're a Stones fan, like I am, then this is a must-have.  That's a given.  If you're a film student, a film lover, an aspiring director, or you just want to see what it was like to be young and living in that era, it is, once again, a must-have.  Regarding the &quot;production&quot; of this DVD, I think they did an admirable job of cleaning up the 16mm source footage.  And it sounds great for a concert film recorded over thirty years ago.  This film is a piece of history.  It should be required viewing in high schools across the country when the &quot;sixties&quot; are covered in history classes.  Yeah, the sound quality of the Stones' &quot;Bridges to Babylon&quot; DVD sounds and looks better, but it's a concert film that utilized the latest recording technology.  In terms of historical significance and plain-old good documentary film-making, this film cannot be beat.  Case closed. Oh, and by the way, Mick Taylor is the most underrated lead guitarist that ever picked up an axe.  He still does club dates -- if he hits your town, don't miss him...
B00008X5J1|4.0|Martin Scorceses has once again brought us a film that places viewers in the story powerfully.  I could almost taste and smell  mid-1800s New York, the pictures and sounds were so powerful.<br />The story line is simple enough:  Rivel gangs feud and who wins?  Leonardo Di Caprio plays the son of a fallen gang leader, who ultimately must seek revenge.  <br />Some interesting themes run through the story.  There is the morality of &quot;gang-bangers&quot;--family and tribe come first, and honorable vs. dishonorable battle.  Subplots about leaders of the rich and poor using each other as pawns also prove interesting.<br />As for the acting--I was impressed.  Unlike another viewer, I was schocked at how well Cameron Diaz pulled her role off.  She played the beautiful-street-wise-adaptable-Irish survivor quite well.  Perhaps those who questioned her placement believed she has been type-cast.  However, Diaz may have successfully proven herself capable of serious drama with this role.  She still does the sought-after beauty here, but she makes some gutsy decisions that bring tension and suspense to the love-story angle.<br />Bottom-line--I liked it.  It would have been better if perhaps 30 minutes or so could have been trimmed off to tighten up the story.  A solid 4-stars!
B00008S2VG|4.0|I remember when this album came out back in April and there was the big flap over the first video for the song, &quot;American Life&quot;.  I was expecting this ultra-political anthem denouncing the Bush Administration for its handling of the War on Terror and the economy etc.  What I heard was a celebration of all things &quot;American&quot; in Madonna's life...so what's wrong with that?  What?  Does GWB have problem with Mini Coopers, Soy Lattes, and Pilates?  There is nothing worse than when people judge something before they even give it a chance....and it is ESPECIALLY disturbing when people judge something just because it goes against the grain!  This album is not the greatest of Madonna's works, nor is it the worst.  Just like EROTICA, it is a transition album.  Madonna has had her ups and downs throughout her career.  I believe this album is leading us into something new.  Granted, MUSIC was a bit better, but there are some real gems hidden in this record.  The title track, LOVE PROFUSION, and NOTHING FAILS are certain standouts.  I think you should give this one a chance...and if you like it...you should try some of her older material.  LIKE A PRAYER, TRUE BLUE, RAY OF LIGHT and even EROTICA should be definite listens if you are serious about Madonna.  She is a very talented and outspoken lady.  Her career atests to her longevity and direct influence on our culture.  Go ahead...experience AMERICAN LIFE for yourself....it's not as political as it might seem.
B00000F14B|5.0|The Music Man is one of the most funny and entertaining comedies I have ever seen. It is the story of con man \\"Professor\\" Harold Hill, who sells band instruments with the promise that he will teach the kids to play them. After having pulled his scam all over Illinois he decides to give Iowa a try. He goes to the small town of River City, where nothing ever happens and where he fairly easily ingratiates himself with the rather bored and gullible residents. To pull off his scam successfully however he needs to cosy up to the local music teacher, Marian Paroo (she is something of an outcast among the other women in the town), who strongly dislikes him. <br />He finally gets Marian on his side by bringing out the best in everyone especially her younger brother who is mourning the loss of their father. Harold becomes the fun distraction from their normally unexciting small town lives. <br />Of course, this is a musical and the musical numbers are wonderful, especially Seventy Six Trombones, Marian the Librarian, Lida Rose/Will I Ever Tell You?, Goodnight My Someone, and Wells Fargo Wagon. The acting, dancing and singing in this movie are all flawless. The Music Man really is fun for the whole family.
B000002MUW|3.0|I really didn't care for this album too much.  Once again, Madge teamed up with Shep Pettibone and even got Babyface into the act.  She was trying so hard to fit into that RandB/electronica thing that was going on in the mid-90s, but it just isn't Madonna.  Like I have said in other reviews, this is part of Madonna's major transition period.  Like any of her other albums, there are some good tunes like SURVIVAL, SECRET, and I'D RATHER BE YOUR LOVER.  But, I didn't think TAKE A BOW was all that....and BEDTIME STORIES is good and ahead of its when it came out as a single...but it got totally ignored for the most part...or at least it seemed that way.  Madonna never does make a totally hideous album, nor can she seem to get it all just right.  She was heading in the overall right direction....and her next albums were/and still are/ celebrated gems.  If I had to pass over one album...it would be this one.  You won't be missing much.
B00003CX9S|4.0|Elephant man, You could only see his eyes behind the layers of makeup, but those expressive orbs earned John Hurt a well-deserved Oscar nomination for his moving portrayal of John Merrick, the grotesquely deformed Victorian-era man better known as The Elephant Man. Inarticulate and abused, Merrick is the virtual slave of a carnival barker until dedicated London doctor Frederick Treves rescues him from the life and offers him an existence with dignity. Anne Bancroft costars as the actress whose visit to Merrick makes him a social curiosity, with John Gielgud and Wendy Hiller as dubious hospital staffers won over by Merrick. David Lynch earned his only Oscar nominations as director and cowriter of this somber drama, which he shot in a rich black-and-white palette, a sometimes stark, sometimes dreamy visual style that at times recalls the offbeat expressionism of his first film, Eraserhead. It remains a perfect marriage between traditional Hollywood historical drama and Lynch's unique cinematic eye, a compassionate human tale delivered in a gothic vein. See it.
B000031XCR|5.0|This one is kind of an album within an album.  The folks at Celine Dion enterprises were smart to basically put two together and get one smart greatest hits package.  All of the goodies are here...9 gems spanning the star's rise throughout the '90s....and then seven new tunes to keep the party going.  Celine's rendition of &quot;The First Time I Ever Saw Your Face&quot; is really riveting...and makes you want to jump out of your seat.  &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot; certainly did hold its own against Britney and Backstreet.  Anyone wishing to listen to the development of Celine Dion's voice should definitely pick up this album.  But, if you are like me, you already like her and own everything she has out, so you will need this one just to bolster your collection.
B00003CX5P|5.0|Hola, soy Darth Laden. Escribo mis críticas en castellano, asi que si sos de un pais en el que no hablen de este modo... qué lástima.<br />Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace es una película impresionante. Llena de CGI (Imágenes creadas por computadora), pero que no molestan en absoluto. Es más, enriquecen la historia. Lucas sigue siendo un muy buen contador de relatos fantásticos, por mas que muchos digan que está viejo, que no puede dirigir, y que esta película apesta. Particularmente, no me parece que apeste, y pienso que, aunque es posiblemente el peor episodio hasta la fecha, es todavía un muy recomendable film, incluso mucho mas que The Matrix, que es del mismo año, y es una copia del comic &quot;The Invisibles&quot; del maestro Grant Morrison.<br />Me parece que Lucas cambió mucho en todo el tiempo en el que se dedicó al ocio (hizo algunas cosas como productor, pero estamos hablando de su rol como director), y no está ese Lucas de antes mucho mas fresco, y juvenil. El tiempo mata todo. Lucas ya no es mas joven, hay que admitirlo. Está viejo, si, pero bien. Ve las cosas de otra manera. No sé por qué los fanáticos clásicos de la Trilogía Original (yo, lamentablemente, no soy uno de ellos...) se horrorizaron tanto con este episodio. Si bien la historia es un tanto ingenua, está muy bien contada, y tiene muy buenos personajes (como Qui-Gon Jinn y Darth Maul, por ejemplo).<br />En fin, Star Wars regresó, y es probablemente mejor que todo lo que da vueltas por ahí.<br />Ahora esperemos con ansias Episode III... que probablemente sea la mejor película de la galaxia (por lo menos de ésta...), y en la que veremos la caída de Anakin al Lado Oscuro... y el comienzo del verdadero Señor Oscuro...
B000002MFN|3.0|I am not a real fan of Shep Pettibone as a producer.  His tracks are just too \\"house heavy\\" for my sensibilities.  So, when Madonna teamed up with him in the early '90s, she had some hits and some misses.  While EROTICA, RAIN, DEEPER AND DEEPER, and SECRET GARDEN were really good on this album, there are just some tracks that are just plain awful.  I consider this the beginning of Madonna's transition from pop material girl to mature adult contemporary artist.  The transistion wasn't really complete until the EVITA soundtrack.  I thought it was a good thing that Madonna explored [a different] realm of on this album.  Why not?  It was a good thing to have a musical artist talk about a subject that, at that time, was just awakening from being completely taboo.  You have to give Madonna credit for looking at things that aren't exactly socially acceptable at the time.  It helps to shatter misconceptions and preconceived notions on a subject.  I think that is why you either love or hate this woman.  As for me, I pretty much like her.  She has her bad moments....but after a 20 year career...who wouldn't!  But, she also has her good moments too.  I think EROTICA got a bad rap in 1992...and it still gets one today.  For those who are Madonna fans and didn't buy this one because of all of the scandals back then, you should pick it up now and give it a try.  You might be surprised.  For the Madonna newbie, this is definitely a collection you want to listen to as it does ... what AMERICAN LIFE does for politics.
0553573403|5.0|I started reading George Martin books after searching the Amazon recommendation list. Boy was I got mesmerize by his work of art. I had a great pleasure reading Raymond Feist and Robert Jordan works but comparing to George twisted, intrigue and fascinating stories plot, it's remarkable the story is only in it's 4th Edition. I believe the challenge in writting a good book is not telling the story over voluminous amount of series and chapters but tying all the plots necessary to keep the reader at the edge of it's seat. From what i know, volume does not sell anymore. George has shown what it takes to make the reader hungers for more with micro story plotting and significant smooth storyline to interest the reader. I could never stop wanting for more after ending a chapter... it's just so highly addictive.
B000002NJS|5.0|As some other reviewers have noted, Madonna was having a hard time in the early 1990s.  I think she was caught up in musical adolscence (sp?).  But, when she emerged as an adult singer with RAY OF LIGHT, boy were we all blown away!  This album is so great!  FROZEN is one of the best songs (and videos) that Madonna has ever done.  Her music became so emotional and spiritual.  It's like she finally found what she was hoping to find with EROTICA and BEDTIME STORIES, but just wasn't mature enough to realize it then.  <br />Another thing I think had a real effect on Madonna's music was her having children and becoming a mother.  Many of her previous albums (and even on AMERICAN LIFE) have songs dealing with the loss of her mother at a young age.  I think Madonna found some kind of spiritual peace in having her own children.  To our delight, this made her an even better person....and her music drastically improved.  Madge could finally enjoy making music...be at peace...and have a little fun.  If you haven't went out and purchased this yet...you had better get to your local record store immediately!  You won't want to miss this one!
B0000B3B95|4.0|I opened up the DVD and saw that there was no booklet. Is this missing in all copies?
B000002KBU|5.0|I don't know if it is possible for me to put into words the feelings I have about this album.  First, I feel that it is the best album of all time.  Her voice is at its most beautiful on this album.  No matter how many times I listen, it gets better all the time.  I sing along to every song, because they all relate to some emotion I have experienced.  I could repeat the last three songs over and over, and never get tired of them!  She has other albums that are wonderful, but none compare with this one.
1881273156|5.0|Would you like to become a better communicator of love to your spouse? Would you like to reap the rewards of having a spouse whose &quot;love tank&quot; is full, and keeps yours full as well?<br />Love is a choice, not an emotion. Gary Chapman explains that after the &quot;falling in love&quot; stage of a relationship, which can last up to two years, we settle back in to reality. The rose colored glasses are removed and we begin to see our spouse for the person they really are, warts and all.<br />When the sparks begin to fizzle, Hollywood tells us that it is time to move on to another relationship. Chapman, on the other hand, reveals that we now have the opportunity to solidify and deepen the relationship through learning how to effectively communicate our love for our spouse.<br />He introduces us to the five love languages: quality time, words of affirmation, gifts, acts of service and physical touch. Each of us express our love using these different languages and their dialects. If our language is different from that of our spouse, our expressions of love may not be understood and appreciated.<br />This book helps us identify and use the love languages that are meaningful to ourselves and our spouse. Chapman uses real-life examples to illustrate each language, with a dash of biblical passages to support his material.<br />The love languages are simple, and they work -- not only between husband and wife, but with children as well. My wife and I are polar opposites in love languages. By learning to express our love in ways that are more meaningful to each other, our honeymoon is thirteen years strong.<br />Get this book, read it, share it, apply it, and your &quot;love tanks&quot; will never be empty again.<br />Larry Hehn, Author of Get the Prize: Nine Keys for a Life of Victory
B00005AQE8|5.0|TUPACS ALL EYEZ ON ME ALBUM IS DEFINATELY A CLASSIC ITS NOT HIS GREATEST TEACHING BUT IT IS HIS GREATEST WILD SIDE CD.  PEOPLE LATELY HAVE BEEN COMPARING 50 CENT TO PAC BUT ITS NO COMPARISION.  MAD PROPS TO 50 BUT ALL HE REMINDS US OF IS PACS THUG SUPER EGO WE MUST NOT FORGET PAC WAS ONE OF THE MOST POLITICAL PEOPLE OF HIS TIME THATS WHY I URGE EVERYONE TO HEAR HIS EARLIER WORKS AND CHECK OUT HIS NEW MOVIE. RIP TO A POET, A THUG AND ONE OF THE MOST DIVERSE MEN TO EVER LIVE. TRACK NINE LIFE GOES ON IT HELPS ME TO COPE.  PEACE
B000000993|5.0|I have heard this album before at my friend's house, and i wasnt too big on the whole album, just a few of the songs. now i got the cd and i jsut can't stop listening to it! i hate henry rollins, but the song he did on this cd(bottom) is incredible. im an artist, and this album has opened my mind up sompletely for drawing and writing! GOOD ALBUM! TOOL RULES!
0345350472|5.0|A Review by Hunter<br />In January 2021, Rick Deckard had been given a license to kill. There were several rogue androids that lurked among the hordes of humans. It was Rick's job to find them and kill them. The only problem was that the androids looked exactly like humans, and they don't want to be found. Will Rick be able to find the androids before they pose a real big threat? <br />I love how this novel makes me want to keep reading, it's action packed. This novel leads up to the climax in a slow but step- by- step kind of way, like when Rick finds one android after the other. The author gives clues about the character and about the characters role in the story. He lets the character tell us during the story and his feelings towards killing. Like when his android detector tells him that an old woman was an android , and he has a hard time believing it. It is difficult to follow when the author changes the point of view, because Rick Deckard the main character is in so many places at one time in the story, and the point of view changes so often. An on the edge conflict of finding deadly androids is really scary because you don't know what is going to happen next. This is a very exciting book , there are some nerve racking moments in the story and if you have seen the movie than you should know. It's too bad that there is not a sequel to this book.<br />I really liked this book, and I recommended it to you and anyone else that likes danger, and excitement. This novel is the kind of book I like to read in my free time. Check it out!
0140177396|5.0|This book was absolutely hilarious, by far the funniest book i've ever read! It's a barrel of laughs with a new surprise around every corner! I don't like to give away the end of books, but I just can't help myself! The part when they fly to Paris, and that crazy stuardess! I know, I know, i laughed my fanny off! If you're looking for laughs, this is definately it! Enjoy!
0671027344|5.0|A Review by Julie<br />Charlie's only friend, Michael, commits suicide, leaving Charlie very alone. One night at a school football game he meets two people, Patrick and Sam. They become best friends and do everything together. Charlie is secretly in love with Sam, at the end of the book you're in for a surprise! On Charlie's seventh birthday his Aunt Helen died, it seemed to him that she was the only person in the family that actually loved him. Life is tough for him in the beginning of the book, but it shows how the power of friendship and love can change who you are.<br />This is an interesting story about Charlie's first year in high school. Charlie's family and friends are very realistic characters. Charlie on the other hand, is partly realistic. He has unrealistic qualities such as he cries way too much for a sixteen year old boy, and it seems unrealistic how so many bad things have happened to him. Otherwise, he is a very realistic boy, Stephen Chbosky tells the story with very careful detail. I liked how the author told about the parties Charlie attended. I also liked how he told about Charlie and Mary Elizabeth going out, when Charlie what put down the phone and use the bathroom and come back and Mary Elizabeth is still talking. I can really imagine a teenage boy doing that! This is a wonderful story!  <br />I would recommend this book to teenagers, especially ones who have experienced the loss of a loved one, or someone that is having a hard time fitting in. This is a very inspirational novel.
0446677450|3.0|this book was informative but not exactly my cup of tea. yes it brought up a lot of intersting views and ideas but its not the most exciting read.
0064407667|4.0|A Review by Britni<br />The Bad Beginning is a book about three young children. They live in a smelly, dirty and very busy city. The Baudelaire's lived in a very large mansion in the middle of the city. They seem to have a perfect life until something bad happens, and everything goes downhill from there. This story is mainly about their lives and all the un-normal things these children go through, but they always figure out a solution to their problems. The children stick together through thick and thin. In the end everything seems to work out for the better. <BR> <BR>Through this story there were many things I liked. I really liked how the author gave good descriptions of the characters; I thought it really helped to understand the story. This book kept me in suspense, which I really liked. For example: one part in the story when it seemed like everything was going good for them something bad or just surprising happened. This just made me want to keep reading so I could know what happened next. This story was very easy to understand. For example: If there was ever a confusing word, the author would define it for you so you could understand it. The whole book stayed at a steady pace and was easy to follow.<BR> <BR>I personally really liked this book. I think that anyone who likes fiction/ adventure stories then this is a book for you. I would suggest this to anyone at a medium reading level from grades 8 and up. Hope you enjoy this book!
B00009UW0N|5.0|John Carpenter is the master of low-budget shockers but give him a larger budget and generally his movie will be a train wreck. Sticking to the classic early work of Carpenter is the way to go if you want to see why this director is really revered as a master of the macabre movie.<br />Halloween is one of the most SUCCESSFUL INDEPENDENT LOW-BUDGET films ever made and it has spawned countless other imitations and set off many sequels. However none of the sequels, save for the second, comes anywhere near as close to achieving the effect of the first. Halloween was made by a young group of filmmakers, mostly under 30s in the late 1970s. The premise is exceptionally simple. A young deranged boy returns to his hometown as an adult to continue his killing spree. The film was originally titled \\"The Babysitter Murders.\\"<br />The story does it have its problems, the acting can be dodgy at times and the film does have a short running time - however all corny plot misgivings are blown away by the suspense and the wonderful execution of the masked serial killer - Michael Myers. Make no mistake about it. Michael Myers is probably one of the most fantastic characters every committed to celluloid. He says nothing. His background is simply that he is psychopathically insane. He wears a white clown mask and he kills teenagers. So what makes him so unique? Its the way he moves and walks and the little things that he does, like turning his head from side to side when viewing his latest kill that makes him so intriguing. Never has a character seemed so complex by doing very little.<br />Halloween has three other things going for it. The scream queen, Jamie Lee Curtis, in her first real role, gives a solid performance as the teenager being stalked by a masked killer and when the film gets going she really does fit the part extremely well. Donald Pleasance plays a psychiatrist, Dr. Loomis driven to stop \\"The Evil\\" Michael Myers with an almost insane obsession with his escaped patient. The other thing is the cinematography of Dean Cundy. Halloween is one of the most VISUALLY STUNNING horror films ever made. Just look at the way each shot is lit and watch the way the camera moves. However the killer POV (point of view - a technique where the camera becomes the killers eyes) is not original and was done before in \\"Black Christmas\\". The cast is also only really just a handful of people. You can count them on both hands. So as far as low-budget horror goes this is the cream of the crop. For all they had the filmmakers certainly deliver on all counts.<br />Surprisingly the movie is low on gore but it still packs a punch most of which is audio driven. The wonderfully haunting soundtrack has since become a movie theme classic.<br />There are two versions of Halloween. The Cinema version and the TV version. The TV version is actually the longer version running in at an extra nine minutes and these additional scenes where shot by John Carpenter during the making of Halloween 2. The reason for the additional scenes was to create a longer running time for the movie which the television networks needed. Those additional scenes include a court mental health hearing, a visit by Dr. Loomis to see a young Michael Myers, a hospital room trashed by Michael Myers and additional scenes featuring Jamie Lee Curtis and her friends. This TV version is not really a directors cut but it does add a bit more depth to the film. You may not like the fact that Michael Myers is shown as an unmasked young boy though but it is still a joy to watch these extras.The other thing is the cinematography of Dean Cundy. Halloween is one of the most VISUALLY STUNNING horror films ever made. Just look at the way each shot is lit and watch the way the camera moves. However the killer POV (point of view - a technique where the camera becomes the killers eyes) is not original and was done before in \\"Black Christmas\\". The cast is also only really just a handful of people. You can count them on both hands. So as far as low-budget horror goes this is the cream of the crop. For all they had the filmmakers certainly deliver on all counts. <br />Surprisingly the movie is low on gore but it still packs a punch most of which is audio driven. The wonderfully haunting soundtrack has since become a movie theme classic.<br />There are two versions of Halloween. The Cinema version and the TV version. The TV version is actually the longer version running in at an extra nine minutes and these additional scenes where shot by John Carpenter during the making of Halloween 2. The reason for the additional scenes was to create a longer running time for the movie which the television networks needed. Those additional scenes include a court mental health hearing, a visit by Dr. Loomis to see a young Michael Myers, a hospital room trashed by Michael Myers and additional scenes featuring Jamie Lee Curtis and her friends. This TV version is not really a directors cut but it does add a bit more depth to the film. You may not like the fact that Michael Myers is shown as an unmasked young boy though but it is still a joy to watch these extras.
B00001QEFU|5.0|I totally agree with the other reviewers - The re-issue is too over-produced.  The original cut which I believe was recorded in England, was totally raw and if you can find that copy, please get it instead of the re-issue.  This is the Twisted Sister I fell in love with as a teenager and who inspired me to play guitar which I still do to this day!  If your a true SMF, Get this album! But get the original cut.
B000099T2L|3.0|The more I listen to this CD the more I am convinced that it is way too nasty for young people who are often the target audience for this stuff.  Although it has some catchy tracks and beats it lacks originality.  She sounds too much like Aaliyah, Mariah, and needs to try using new producers who aren't giving her their left overs.<br />Beyonce is a great talent, but she wastes it on mediocre productions by Missy Elliott and company. Throughout her CD she sings the melodies of previous hit songs such as \\"I Like\\" by Debarge; \\"Be With You\\" jumps out at you as a direct melody taken from the Brothers Johnson \\"Strawberry 22\\" and everything else sounds like everyone else.  <br />Some of Missy's productions sound like they were written for the late entertainer Aaliyah. <br />Crazy in Love - good dance track<br />Naughty Girl - decent track, confident lyrics, a bit flirtatious<br />Baby Boy - hit record, tired of hearing it<br />Hip Hop Star - a waste of energy; tacky lyrics; take off your tank and panties...dripping down their sugar walls...\\"; the song is horrid<br />Be with You - sounds like the Brothers Johnson; she needs to enunciate her words; some times she sings and it is unclear what she is saying and the slang has got to go. \\"I only want to be withchew (with you)\\"; she sings of her man saying her name and saying it loud and louder; she loves the way he screams her name...It doesn't even sound right coming from someone who once proclaimed to be so virtuous<br />Me. Myself, and I - nice filler song, not a hit record, positive and empowering lyrics; men and women can relate to not allowing someone to mistreat them and lovinf themselves must always come first<br />Yes - ??<BR>Signs - yuck<BR>Speechless - nasty; touching, rubbing, bodies, nothign but sweat between us and making love all night; I just don't want to hear it and certainly not from a person who is just now moving out of her parents home; tacky<br />That's how you like it - I hate it; too much noise going onat the same time; it's junk<br />The closer I get to you - okay - prefer the version made by Donnie Hathaway; sweet and simple; love Luther always, but I don't like this version<br />All others are unimpressive<BR>Beyonce has a lot of promise as an entertainer. The sexual stuff just wears me out.  between her, Christina Aguilera and Brittney Spears I am sick of al of the hormonal junk being passed off as a right of passage in music.  <br />I don't want to hear it. Just sing!<br />This album is much better tha Ashanti's album, but it still lacks something and that something just may be maturity. She will be around for a long time.
B000002IZ4|5.0|The success of their first album, Purple comes second in the line of great songs that rocks on this album.<BR>I will not say that core is better becouse its a grunge album and purple is not.<BR>Vasoline is the best song on the album with its quick and hard rythm of deans deleo guitar playing and on this album he really knows how to play guitar,also eric kretz and robert deleo contributes with their talents to make this album a joy to listen to.<BR>Interstate love song,big empty(from the&quot;the crow&quot; soundtrack).<BR>Army ants,kitchen Ware and Candy Bars and many more contributes to make this an excellent album to listen to.<BR>Try it out<BR>You wont be dissapointed.<BR>9/10
B0000BYM3K|5.0|El disco está genial pra nuevos y viejos fans de la banda... la portada no es tan buena, hay que reconocerlo, pero la música está bastante buena. No hay que desgastarse mucho describiendo científicamente el disco, basta decir que es IRON MAIDEN y que no se venden a MTV como METALLICA.<br />UP THE IRONS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B0000AFQS0|5.0|After having seen several other major DVD opportunities get squandered (The Beatles's HARD DAYS NIGHT leaps to mind), it is an utter delight to watch/listen to this DVD.  It is great on several levels:  the original film was one of the best collections of live performances in the history of rock, the reissue has dramatically improved the look and sound of the film, and the Special Edition extra disc includes some truly wonderful features.  This ought to be the model for all future reissues, such as when/if they reissue the Rolling Stones's TWENTY-FIVE BY FIVE.<br />Only a couple of years ago I was trying to explain to my daughter that in the sixties and seventies, the Who were full-fledged members of the rock Pantheon, as revolutionary and crucial as the Stones, the Beatles, or Led Zeppelin.  For some reason, they went into a bit of a decline in the general musical consciousness (I found kids my daughter's age might not know of them at all, whereas they knew the other aforementioned bands quite well).  Thanks to some timely re-released and a tragic tour that saw the death of John Entwhistle, their star truly seems to be on the ascendant again.  This album is crucial for proving what all of us at the time knew:  the Who was without question one of the very greatest live bands of all time.<br />The Who was an amazing band, full of paradoxes.  Roger Daltrey was one of the great front men in the history of rock, and Pete Townshend a crack songwriter and arguably the most entertaining to watch guitarist of all time.  Yet, the lead instruments in the band, almost unique in rock, were Keith Moon and his maniacally abused drum kit and John Entwhistle's bass, both of them among the top two or three of all time on their instruments, if not the best.  They were a great rhythm section, but they jointly tended to take over the songs musically, unlike Charlie Watts and Bill Wyman for the Stones, who were content to stay rock solid in the background.  Live, they were amazing, with Daltrey marching in place, swinging the mike around like David about to use his sling against Goliath; Pete Townshend dancing disjointedly around while doing his famous helicopter chording of the guitar; Keith Moon playing as if he were on eight different drugs, tossing his drumsticks ten and twenty feet in the air; and amid it all, like the quiet in the eye of the hurricane, John Entwhistle standing stock still, motionless except for his hands moving up and down his bass, playing the instrument better than anyone else ever had, or perhaps has since.<br />The film begins with a bang, with a famous appearance on The Smothers Brothers Show (an awesome show because it was so amazingly subversive, with Tom and Dick acting like total squares, but in reality leftists who loved exposing the public to acts like Lenny Bruce and Mort Sahl, and bands like The Who and Cream).  Unlike Ed Sullivan, Tom and Dick truly loved these bands, and the opening number/skit, a rollicking version of &quot;My Generation&quot; (with Roger Daltrey suffering so badly from a faux upper-induced stammer that was a badge of their identification with the amphetamine-crazed Mods that one isn't certain he is going to be able to finish each line).  Each number brings new revelations or refreshes old memories.  For instance, in &quot;I Can't Explain&quot; from SHINDIG! Keith Moon is sporting a T-shirt with a bull's eye on it, a full decade before Richard Hell would achieve notoriety in New York for wearing one when he was still with Television.<br />The numbers included in the film are both wide-ranging and representative.  I suppose any Who fan will find many of their own favorites missing, but no one can complain that the numbers focus too much on one phase of their career.  The selections are extraordinarily well balanced.  One of the more poignant features is the fact that the performance of &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again,&quot; which was performed specifically for the film so that they could have onereally good performance on film of one of their most famous numbers, was the last time the Who ever performed in their original line up; Keith Moon would die only three months later.<br />The extras disc is truly worth having, with a feature on the restoration of the movie, and nice items like a tour of the Who's London, an interview with Roger Daltrey, and, my favorite bit, interesting versions of &quot;Baba O'Riley&quot; and &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again,&quot; that features only John Entwhistle's bass and visuals.  There is no question about it:  the guy could play bass.<br />All in all, one is going to come across very few music DVDs quite this good.  I highly recommend it.really good performance on film of one of their most famous numbers, was the last time the Who ever performed in their original line up; Keith Moon would die only three months later.<br />The extras disc is truly worth having, with a feature on the restoration of the movie, and nice items like a tour of the Who's London, an interview with Roger Daltrey, and, my favorite bit, interesting versions of &quot;Baba O'Riley&quot; and &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again,&quot; that features only John Entwhistle's bass and visuals.  There is no question about it:  the guy could play bass.  <br />All in all, one is going to come across very few music DVDs quite this good.  I highly recommend it.
B000002UAU|4.0|This album always has and always will be overrated.  People over analyze the beatles.  There are some classic compositions in the form of Lucy In The Sky Of Diamonds, A Day In The Life, She's Leaving Home, and Fixing A Whole.  The rest of the album is rather lightweight and comparatively weak (I think most of it is frankly, garbage!).  There are to many gimicks and unsuccessful recording experiments being used here.  Beatle fans can be very overbaring and quite annoying, feeling that anything the Beatles did is a holy grail of sorts, NONSENSE! Revolver and Rubber Soul are much stronger, and while the White Album could have been stripped down to 18-20 tracks, it is mostly excellent.  Abbey Road is overrated as well, lot of garbage on that album, including the terrible Maxwell's Hammer and Octopus' Garden.  I recommend Piper At The Gates Of Dawn, Tangerine Dream by Kaleidoscope, The Who Sell Out, and S.F. Sorrow as better albums.  Also, on the cover, the beatles look like a group of psychedelic chinamen. HA
0446677450|3.0|This book was really interesting because it teaches you how to be successful and rich. It shows the differences between poor and rich. It has hard words to undersatand, but its still ok. I recommend it to people who want to be rich or want to start a business.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|i dont know where to start off, This is the best action movie to date, every other action movie i have watched after the matrix reloaded looks lame and retarded, the matrix movies r setting a standard too high for other action movies. First off dont go buying this movie on DVD if u did not like the theatrical release or r not a fan. No one should ever compare the original matrix movie to reloaded they r both in a class of their own. The original matrix movie had alot of revelations in story and its originality, clearly u cannot expect Reloaded to be like the first. Reloaded is middled in the series. Thing is most ppl dont really understand is the plot of the movie, like someone said if there r 400 levels to reloaded as a movie some ppl get 20levels some 100 and some 400, obviously most ppl that gave this movie a bad review got 20, reason being they bought this movie for the action only. There r alot of revelations in reloaded most ppl take for granted especially in the dialouges an example is the scene with the merovingian talking to neo. Another point i'ld like to make is the cg fights, ppl think that the neo vs smith was too fake, dont forget that the matrix is a computer program, remember what neo did in the first movie. The Brawl with smith is a super hero fight, Neo can do whatever he wants/bend the rules of the matrix thats why he is the ONE. And those of your who thought the cg was bad did u know that the truck fight scene the characters were cg in some parts. Most people just watch the action bits of the movie and rate the movie based on the action scenes no, the movie is more than just action, there is a very deep plot in the movie u simply have to think in some cases to understand the dialouges or they will simply sound pointless thats why i said this movie isnt for the weak minded. This is sci-fi ppl the matrix isnt an action movie its science fiction. if your a fan of the movie u'll love it, the matrix revolutions on the other hand will explain more andall will be revealed.
B0000DJZAH|4.0|Hey guys, you've been had by &quot;cranky reviewer.&quot; He has over 250 reviews all over amazon on just about everything. He is yanking all y'all's chains. Play this guy for laughs or just ignore him.<BR>As far as Tommy is concerned: while I haven't picked this version up yet, I do wonder about the company publicity mentioning that Pete had a hand in the remastering. I thought half his hearing was gone? Are these trully the master tapes, or just something closer to the holy grail (see the situation with the 'deluxe' Who's Next, which states IT'S from the originals... which is exactly what the 1996 version said - now THAT's being yanked by MCA)
B00009V7P8|1.0|This cd is one of my favorite cds I own.  I also saw him in concert, he was fantastic.  He is the next Dave Matthews.
0789723107|5.0|This is a great resource. It is more of a strategy book than a graphic design book. It focuses on the key things to keep in mind when designing a Web site or other product.
B0000DG00B|2.0|I was surprised to find the other reviews for this album so favorable in their ratings. It makes me feel a little better about buying it, but I differ. This may be a cool &quot;find&quot; in the Allman vaults, but unless you're a rabid Allman Bros. fan, I would just stick to the Fillmore East concert CDs. Aside from &quot;Hoochie Coochie Man&quot; which indeed rocks, all the other tunes are better rendered at Fillmore East. Duane's playing is a bit sloppy at times, and his guitar is horrendously out of tune on a few tracks. Back then such things were harder to control, and I don't mean to take anything away from his greatness, but it's quite unlistenable at times. As for the Johnny Winter &quot;jam&quot;, you can't even hear him! That was one of the reasons I bought this thing, and it's obvious he wasn't even going through the board when he played. When Duane and Dickie back off momentarily you can hear a third guitar WAY in the background, but when all are going, Johnny is completely inaudible (unless Dickie sat out or something).
0446678430|1.0|Robert Kiyosaki does a disservice to his readers by presenting unrealistic scenarios of easy profits. If it truly were so easy, the deals would have been snapped up by now. His comments on stock tips, housing depreciation, and expensing watches and vacations as business costs are not only inaccurate, but ILLEGAL. His disdain for education is reflected in his poor writing.
B00006BTCA|4.0|One of the best debut albums by a band in the past ten years!  They are the most promosing band since Coldplay no doubt.  Songs like Obstacle 1, Stella..., and NYC are just amazing.  If you don't like the album on the first listen, then you'll probably love it after a few listens.  It WILL grow on you.  Yes, don't listen old, jaded reviewers giving this album a 1 star.  This album is great.  The only reason it didn't get a 5 is because it's not perfect, very few albums are.
B00005V9QJ|4.0|Sade is one of a kind. Her music and her band are awesome!!! But let's get to the point: I prefer this album on DVD. I really got MAD when i heard Smooth Operator on this CD without the jamming at the end of the song while on DVD there is the full version of it. And the audience NOISE is really loud. If you got her other studio albums, don't buy this one. There's no need to.
B0000C0FJB|2.0|I started out, years ago, with &quot;2112&quot; &amp; &quot;Moving Pictures&quot;. I had some other stuff, &amp; thought their metal-sounding stuff was o.k., but as they grew more progressive &amp; techno, it just wasn't my bag. Then, when they came to New Orleans for &quot;Hold Your Fire&quot;, someone told me that, if I didn't see Rush at least once, I'd regret it. Well, I went, &amp; was blown away! The key to appreciating Rush is to get the FULL live experience, &amp; that ESPECIALLY included SOUND! If you missed 'em, &amp; figure you can at least hear it, DON'T START HERE! This is PATHETIC!, &amp; I never though I'd live to say that about a Rush recording! I've heard bootlegs that sounded better than this! It's very Guitar/feedback heavy, the crowd drowns out Geddy's vocals, &amp; you can hardly recognize what song's being played! I'm giving this 2 stars because it does sound like a good show. You just can't HEAR it! Hopefully the d.v.d. will be better!
B00009V7T2|5.0|These days it has become increasingly difficult to find music that has distinctive qualities, and lately many bands have resorted to the same formulaic approach on almost every record (A good example is Creed). Radiohead is losing popularity mainly because their music have become somewhat cliche (that means &quot;predictable&quot;, Tool takes too long of breaks between albums and Led Zeppelin, well... they quit many years ago. the grunge movement is dead and now we have everybody listening to Rap and Hip-Hop, which are predictable and boring styles of music.<br />The Mars Volta is probably the only original band to have come out over past three years. As many of you know, Omar and Cedric were part of AT THE DRIVE-IN, but due to creative differences, ATDI broke up. I'll admit that ATDI had some good tracks, but that was no where near as good as the Mars Volta. De-Loused In the Comatorium is a mix of up-tempo screamo/progressive rock, with Tom Morello-like guitar work from Omar rodriguez to high- octave vocals from cedric bixler. You will realize that the lyrics (mostly penned by omar) are very bizzare and make no linear sense at some points, but this is still a concept album about a man who overdoses on morphine (i believe..) and slips into a coma. This album supposedly describes the coma fantasies. Once he wakes from the coma, he no longer wishes to live. If you're a Tool fan, you SHOULD enjoy this album. However, if you like what's being played on the radio, it is less than likely you will know it exists.<br />Tracks worthy of mention are &quot;Inertiac ESP&quot;, &quot;Roulette Dares&quot;, &quot;Drunkship Of Lanterns&quot;, &quot;Eriatarka&quot; and &quot;Take the Veil Cerpin Taxt&quot;.
B00005JMEW|4.0|Even though I am a huge movie buff, I am not a Quentin Tarantino fan. I didn't enjoy any of his previous three films and thought they were basically overhyped garbage. Therefore, I was reluctant to see KILL BILL VOLUME I. When I saw the previews, I thought to myself, &#34;Give me a break.&#34; However, after a close friend recommended the film to me, I finally gave in and was quite surprised with what I saw.<br /><br />KILL BILL doesn't seem to contain one original piece of filmmaking. Just about everything in the movie is stolen from some obscure film or television show of the past: from the opening credits to Uma Thurman's yellow jumpsuit. However, all the pop references of the past are chopped up and brought together in such an unique way that a totally new film is born. Even more surprisingly than that is the film actually works, even with all the cheesy gore, great sword fights, and witty-yet-over-the-top dialogue. Outside of the characteristic heavy foul language, I thoroughly enjoyed the movie. I left the theatre thinking to myself, &#34;Ah, man, now I have to four months to find out what happened.&#34; In that sense, the movie resembles another great tribute of the pop cultural past: the surprise cliffhanger. Can't wait to find out what happens in KILL BILL VOLUME 2.
B00006LI4S|5.0|David Gilmour Live In Cocert, taken from two performances in London's Meltdown &amp; Royal Festival Hall is a masterpiece of its own kind. Davide comes to stage with unshaven face and a T-shirt on. So humble and simple. He takes his guitar and kicks-off with an acoustic rendition of 'Shine On You Crazy Diamond'. Wow! This is the greatest performance of the song to this date. Although his voice is not in fine shape but the power of his guitar makes it up. He follows with an old song by Syd Barret. He is the only Pink Floys member still meeting Syd sometimes and his dedication is invaluable. He revisitis Pink Floyd's past with 'Coming Back To Life'. Still his voice is not what it used to be. The best track is 'Je Crois Entendre Encore' which I haven't heard before and I assume it's an old French song. It made me cry and I really love the arrangement and the melancholy feeling of the song. He follows with a beautiful melodic new song called 'Smile. The presence of Michael Kamen on Piano and English Horn and the girl who plays Cello is truly magnificent on 'High Hopes'. The rendition of 'Wish You Were Here', 'Shine On You crazy Diamond (Part 2)' and ' A Great Day For Freedom' are all thrilling and moving. The Presence of Robert Wiatt and Bob Geldof on 'Comfortably Numb' are great but Roger is truly missed here. Overall, the performance as I wrote is a masterpiece and David delivers his best here. I just wonder why he hasn't played any song from his own back catalogue (1977's David Gilmour and 1982's About Face). The extra tracks are also great and you maybe surprised to see David singing his rendtion of Elvis Presley's 'Don't'. Thank you David for this great effort. I wish someday you can make things up with Roger Waters and we see you together again. I thank you.
0140390693|5.0|I have been wanting to read LITTLE WOMEN since I was in BYE BYE BIRDIE in high school because of an allusion made to the book by Rosie Alvarez and Albert Peterson. However, like many books I wish to read, I never got around to it until recently when I was required to read it for an adolescent literature class.<br />LITTLE WOMEN was the book that brought Louisa May Alcott fame, fortune, and freedom. It has become an American literary classic and is probably more popular today than when it was first published. The story explores the lives of the four March sisters and the trials and tribulations they go through while growing up during the mid 1800's in the New England. The book is somewhat long, but easy to read. It contains many ethical and moral lessons. The book primary appeals to girls and women, but men can enjoy and learn from the book, too. The Penquin Classic edition of the text includes a rather dry introduction by Elaine Showalter.<br /><br />I thoroughly enjoyed reading LITTLE WOMEN. It has all sorts of great messages about faith, love, and life. It's a great book and I now know why it is Albert Peterson's favorite novel.
B0000CD5I6|5.0|I HAVE BEEN A BIG TULL FAN SINCE 1970 AND HAVE LIKED ALMOST ALL OF THEIR ALBUMS BUT THIS SURPASSES MY EXPECTATIONS!!!!<BR>THE INSTRUMENTALS ARE AMAZING ESPECIALLY &quot;PAVANE&quot; AND &quot;HOLLY HERALD&quot;. &quot;RING OUT, SOLSTICE BELLS&quot; AND &quot;JACK FROST&quot; SURPASS THE ORIGINAL RECORDINGS.<BR>I HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE TO STOP LISTENING TO THIS AMAZING CD.
B0000B3B95|3.0|I didn't care this movie or the characters, except for when jennifer connelly was on screen.  But even she was mostly reaction shots showing a poker face.  My younger ones under age 11 didn't care for the movie.  My 24 and 26 year old sons didn't care for the movie.  What does that leave, 13 to 21 year old males?  <br />Eric Bana was interesting, reminding me of a young Liam Neeson.  This was a movie without a good notion of who the target audience was.  The Claymation looking creatures were mediocrely done.  The special effect weren't special.  The screen play plodded along.<br />We certainly will not be buying this one.
B000002LOE|5.0|THIS IS AN AMAZING ALBUM!!!<BR>PEOPLE WHO LIKE THIS ALBUM FOR ONLY &quot;LOSING MY RELIGION&quot; SHOULD REALLY GIVE IT A GOOD LISTEN.<BR>I KNOW PEOPLE LIKE &quot;AUTOMATIC FOR THE PEOPLE&quot; BETTER BUT &quot;OUT OF TIME&quot; JUST RATES A LITTLE HIGHER FOR ME.<BR>SONGS LIKE &quot;ENDGAME&quot;, &quot;BELONG&quot;, &quot;TEXARKANA&quot; AND &quot;COUNTRY FEEDBACK&quot; ARE AMAZING AND THIS IS A GROUNDBREAKING ALBUM.
B00006RU5B|2.0|I checked out this album because I like Rage, but it didn't sufice for me. I guess I was just hoping for a &quot;return&quot; of Rage and didn't get it.
B00005OM4N|1.0|IF YOU BUY THIS TRASH YOU HAVE THE BRAIN OF A DOORKNOB!!!!
B00006RINF|5.0|I have nothing new to say about this album, as any positive review just about covers my opinion on this incredible album. But it must be said that the idiot who said that Lacuna Coil are just &quot;an Evanescence spinoff&quot; is truly a moron. Sorry, bub, its the other way around.
B0000DBJDM|4.0|Adrian Maben has replaced the original images with poor computer generation and irrelevant other footage. He has also cropped the fullscreen to create a widescreen format. If this had not come with the original untouched 1974 version, I would not have bought it.
B000068QY7|4.0|This is a great album, even so with Noel sharing the creativity around the band for the first time.  Starting with the very Oasis-esque The Hindu Times you can tell this album is Oasis at its best.  Noels vocals have not always been the bands strong point but Force of Nature follows on quite well as does the Gem Archer penned Hung In a Bad Place.  Stop Crying your heart out is meant to be the don't look back in anger equivalent (not nearly as good but outstanding nonetheless, Oasis do ballads like no other...)  Liam comes to his own on this album with 3 songs he wrote. Now, after the disastarous Little James on SOTSOG, you would think...oh no, 'ere we go :-), but his 3 songs are probably the best of the album. Songbird is an acoustic 2 minute love song. It's a very simple song and Noel even admitted later that he was jealous he didn't write it, because it was that simple and catchy. Born on a Different Cloud is definitley Liam channeling Llennon. The vocals are remarkably similar. This song also has a slight resemblance to The Beatles Happiness is a Warm Gun - if not a bit moodier. Despite the messy engineering on that song it remains as one of the stand outs.  Better  Man is the other Liam written tune and the albums fitting closer. This song is my personal favourite from the album as its Oasis attitude, Liam screaming and Noel thrashing his guitar about ala Definitley Maybe.  As i said, this is a great album despite what some critics say, it has the Oasis sound of yesteryear (Hindu Times, Stop Crying Your Heart Out, Little by Little) and the songs of an ever evolving band (Songbird, She is Love).    Not as good as the other 5 Oasis studio albums, but one you must have in your collection, because they are the BEST band in the world.    \\"Talking to myself again, this time i think i'm getting through\\"   - Born on a Different Cloud
B00005JKN9|5.0|I saw Gangs of New York on DVD. It was excellent. It was one of these few films that meant something to me.<br />That film shows a true piece of time in New York when the huddled masses are trying to make a life out of poverty and squalor. People living with corruption, lack of money, theft, violence trying to make some meaning out of this mess.<br />Gladiator's battle scenese where superb, the battle scenes in Gangs of New York are even better.<br />I highly reccomend it to anyone that likes a good movie.
0844663662|2.0|The book that I read was &quot;Slaughter-House-Five&quot; by Kurt Vonnegut.  It is a fictional story about a man named Billy Pilgrim.  Billy experiences many interesting things throughout his life.  They range from being a husband and a father of two children, to being a prisner of war.  Throughout the book he meets many people from all over the world.  He also believes that he had lived on the planet Tralfamadore.<BR> &quot;Slaughter-House-Five&quot; was a real attention grabber.  I had no problems getting into the story.  On the other hand, this was not my favorite book to read.  Throughout the book you feel lost in Billy's time travles.  Different events or people that he meets, would spark his memory and the book's setting would change.  For example, Billy would be talking about the war with someone and all of the sudden, he is back on his honey moon with his wife.  In another Billy fell asleep and he would be back on the train in the war.  These are just a few of the plot's twists.  I found this organizational structure difficult to follow.<BR>Secondly, the grusome details and language that was used to describe Billy Pilgrim's life in the book,was not only un-necessary but very explicit.  For example, when Billy was on Tralfamadore with Montana Wildgack,Kurt Vonnegut explained what happened between them in great detail.  To many details were also given when the book described Billy's wedding night.  With less detail and language the story would have been just as effective.  It also would appeal to more readers of different ages.<BR>Even though the book was not my favorite, it had some great aspects.  The description and personality anyalisis of the characters were amazing.  It made the reader feel as thoughthey knew the character.  Such as Edgar Derby.  He was a high school teacher.  when you first meet him, he does not seem very brave but, as you read on , you realize that he is not as cowderly as first suspected.<BR>I think that Kurt Vonnegut had something big going for him with this book.  &quot;Slaughter-House-Five&quot; would appeal to an older and mature audience.  This is not a book for everyone.  I guess it is just on of those thing that you either love or hate.  This book opened my eyes to the events in my own life.  It also made me realize no matter how bad my life is, it can always get worse.
B000059XUO|5.0|This IS, without a doubt, the Greatest Movie of all Time! Brilliant, Brilliant, Brilliant! Lee's portrayal as the murdered Eric Draven may have won him countless awards and accolades had he not been the victim of a tragic on set accident. He made his character believable, which considering he came back from the dead, was no mean feat! &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; star Ernie Hudson gives a surprisingly impressive performance as the Police Officer who can't quite believe Draven is back. Michael Wincott, as Top Dollor, is also great.With the opening narrative, Graeme Revell's emotional score, fantasy, action, love, violence, comedy, and brilliant ending, this film is a phenomenon. Buy It, Watch It, Make your friends watch it, and Share a truly unique experience. WE MISS YOU, BRANDON! 1st February 1965 - 31st March 1993.
0066620996|5.0|This is a book that all of you who are ambitious and are interested in striving for success should read. In his bestselling book, \\"Good To Great\\", Jim Collins imparts wonderful anecdotal and empirical information and inspiration to the reader. As a consultant, I have been recommending to everyone in the world who makes enquiries to our consulting firm to, first read \\"Good To Great\\", then follow that up with reading Norman Thomas Remick's \\"West Point: Character Leadership Education: Thomas Jefferson\\". Each book in a different but synergistic way presents an intriguing perspective into the reasons for success.
B00003CX5P|2.0|Yeah, I know I'm a little late on this but in 1999 when I saw this movie for the first time I was so disgusted I promised never to watch it again. Well, after a couple of years on DVD I decided to give this one another chance.  It really didn't deserve it.<br />The story is very simplistic.  Two Jedi Knights (Qui Gon Jinn and Obi Wan Kenobi) are called to settle a trade dispute.  The planet Naboo has been invaded by the greedy Trade Federation and they demand that Queen Amidala (Natalie Portman) sign a treaty giving them control of the planet.  Amidala flees the planet with her guardian Jedi and they have to repair their ship on Tatooine.  There they meet Anakin Skywalker.  Who just like Jesus was born to a virgin mother and may be &quot;the chosen one&quot; that will bring balance to the force.  Anakin is a slave and is freed after a long pod race in which he wins.  After this Anakin, the Queen, the Jedi, and our friend Jar Jar travel to Coruscant so they can pursuade the galactic Senate to intervene against the Trade Federation on their behalf.  Meanwhile Qui Gon Jin takes Anakin to the Jedi temple so Anakin can obtain permission to recieve Jedi training.  A very cranky Yoda says the boy is too old and dangerous to become a Jedi.  The very cranky Yoda orders Qui Gon to return to Naboo with the queen to protect her.  Back on Naboo a really big battle is fought and Qui Gon Jin dies and then Obi Wan kills a Sith Lord named Darth Maul.  Qui Gon has a funeral then there is a big celebration. The end.<br />Okay, so the problems.  There is not an interesting character in this entire movie.  They are lifeless figures on screen whose dialog only serves to keep the plot moving along.  There is no real villian.  Darth Sidious spends the entire movie hiding in the shadows giving threats and Darth Maul only serves as a plot device to kill the Jedi.  His screen time is minimal and his character is hardly developed.  As a villian he has nothing on Darth Vader from the classic trilogy.  Another problem is Anakin.  I watched the documentary &quot;The Beginning&quot; and to be honest Jake Lloyd was the worst one who did a screen test.  I have no idea why they chose a kid who couldn't pronounce a lot of the words in the script.  Speaking of that documentary, Rick McCallum the producer serves as kind of a yes man to George Lucas.  His job is to tell the documentarian how great the movie is going to be.  I guess he gets paid a lot and his job would have been lost if he had been honest and said the story was terrible.  Then there were the Trade Federation guys.  Yeah, I know, a lot of you hate Jar Jar the most about this movie but he was not nearly as annoying as these Trade Federation guys.  They wear mask that look as if they were purchased in a dime store and talk in bad Asian accents.  When they guys are on screen I wonder if I am watching a Star Wars movie of the Power Rangers?  Okay, a lot of people think the saving grace of this movie is that Pod Race.  The Pod Race was modeled after that chariot race in a movie called Ben Hur.  But in Ben Hur there were real actors on real sets.  Not some kid in front of a blue screen.  <br />Just like Star Wars and Return of the Jedi, there is a battle station fight at the end in which our heroes most destroy the station.   And if you have no life like me you will have noticed that ROTJ ended with a funeral pyre, a celebration, and then end credits.  TPM also ends with a funeral pyre, a celebration, and end credits.  George Lucas had not directed a movie since the original Star Wars and it showed in this movie.  This movie is too mediocre to deserve the honor of a one star rating.  I give The Phantom Menace two middle fingers up.  Way up.
0393057658|4.0|This was a wonderful book and I am truly not a professional sports fan. Instead, just fall in love with the story the way the author, Michael Lewis, did. The Oakland A's were in 2002 at the top of the American League West and yet had the smallest budget (at the bottom of the list? The team with the largest budget, the Texas Rangers.) How they did it involves the story of GM Billy Beane, a Harvard stats wiz, an almanac writer named Bill James, and a rag-tag group of players who other teams had largely overlooked or written off. <br />Even if you don't follow baseball, you'll be able to follow this book. And if you are an avid fan, you'll find that it's not overly simplified and may even give you some new perspective (base stealing bad, walks good?) Lewis is a great prose writer and writes with such generosity and affection even when discussing the some of the protagonist's flaws that the book is an inspiration to read without ever being corny or maudlin. I loved the stories about reluctant-yet-brilliant first baseman Scott Hatteberg and Chad Bradford, the earnest kid with the brilliantly deceptive pitch. But it was the story of Jeremy Brown, a chunky young man from the south who was the A's first round draft pick and largely ridiculed in the baseball press, that had me nearly on my feet cheering by the end of the book. Just about perfect all in all.
0784011710|5.0|Sophie's Choice is both a love story and a tale of such unbearable horror that human beings can barely comprehend it.  It is, first, a brilliant film: Streep and Kline both give the performances of their lives.  It is a near-perfect screen rendering of a great novel.  My mistake was in seeing the film long ago, some years before I had the stomach to pick up the book and read it through.  I was completely unprepared for what I was about to see: the brutalities, the madness, most of all the real nature of Sophie's choice itself.  I'd taped the film.  I taped over it.  I hope never to have to watch it again.  The book allows you to ease yourself into the story and make the awful discoveries at the climax, cushioned in a way by Styron's magnificent writing and narrative skill.  If you come to the film without knowing what you're getting yourself into, you're preparing for nightmares that will haunt you forever.  Maybe they're supposed to.
B000056HE9|5.0|This film is on the shortlist of my favorite holiday films.  From the boy-choir scene to the skating rink, I can watch it again and again.<br />The casting is flawless.  I especially love Elsa Lancester's performance, and the three leads work effortlessly together.  I can't decide which performance I love the best.  Niven, Grant and Young all seem to be at the top of their careers.  Gotta love Cary Grant playing the harp, but then again there is Loretta Young buying her Christmas presents, and David Niven preaching his Christmas sermon.<br />Being an Episcopal priest, I enjoy the church politics and particulars presented so carefully.<br />Anyone who loves Christmas will probably love this film.  If you don't, expect a visitation from a friendly angel.  Just hope it's Cary Grant!
B000002GQJ|5.0|For their first four albums, the Moody Blues recorded their material by building the albums layer by layer as they put everything down on tape. This would lead to incredible (and incredible-sounding) albums, but would make the material difficult to duplicate live, as there were only five guys on stage to play this massive music. For their fifth album, 1970's &quot;A Question Of Balance,&quot; the Moodies decided to record as simply and as close to a live performance as possible. The resulting album, while having more of a live, looser feel to it than previous Moodies albums, is undeniably another Moody Blues classic that's just as incredible &amp; incredible-sounding as it's predecessors. Justin Hayward's &quot;Question&quot; is one of the Moodies' most famous tunes, with one of Justin's best vocal performances, that alternates between being a ferocious acoustic rocker (just listen to Justin *strrrruuum* that guitar!), and a lovely ballad in the bridge section, and then back again. It's simply marvelous. The rest of the album stands mightily tall next to it: Mike Pinder's &quot;How Is It We Are Here?&quot; has a great air of mystery to it, Ray Thomas' &quot;And The Tide Rushes In&quot; is one of his most beautiful contributions to the group, Graeme Edge's &quot;Don't You Feel Small&quot; is a spooky little percussive number, and John Lodge's &quot;Tortoise And The Hare&quot; is a bouncy rocker. The great Moodies music continues in the second half with Hayward's pair of melodic beauties, &quot;It's Up To You&quot; &amp; &quot;Dawning Is The Day,&quot; Lodge's great sing-along, &quot;Minstrel's Song,&quot; Pinder's absolutely haunting &quot;Melancholy Man,&quot; and Edge &amp; Thomas' lovely poetic finale, &quot;The Balance,&quot; spoken by Pinder. The Moody Blues were one of the world's biggest bands in 1970, and, by their own admission, they had a lot of questions to ask of themselves at the time, both as successful musicians and as people. They brilliantly asked those questions with &quot;A Question Of Balance,&quot; and in the process, they delivered another outstanding Moody Blues album.
B000003S09|5.0|1969, the year I was born, was a pretty amazing year.  \\"Broadway Joe\\" Namath led the Jets to a Super Bowl victory, Neil Armstrong walked on the moon, and the New York Mets won the World Series.  And the three greatest progressive rock bands of all time released their first albums: King Crimson, Genesis, and Yes.<br />While the Yes and Genesis records were small steps en route to great careers, King Crimson emerged from the womb fully matured.  \\"In The Court Of The Crimson King\\" simultaneously defined and mastered the progressive rock genre.  While other artists had released proto-progressive records, such as The Moody Blues, Pink Floyd, and even the Beatles with \\"Sgt. Pepper's\\", it was Crimson that forged the disparate elements of prog into a cohesive whole.<br />It's all here: extended compositions (the tracks clock in from 6 to 12 minutes); technical virtuosity (witness the rapid fire, jazzy unison lines in the middle of \\"21st Century Schizoid Man\\"); Mellotron-driven orchestral grandeur (particularly in the title track and \\"Epitaph\\"); medieval and fantasy imagery (by lyricist Peter Sinfield); and a classic psychedelic cover that informs and complements the music work inside.  \\"Crimson King\\" isn't really a concept album, but it might as well be, for all its unity of purpose and vision.<br />While the album functions brilliantly as a complete work, the diversity of the individual tracks is astonishing.  There's the frenetic energy of \\"Schizoid Man,\\" the pastoral beauty of \\"I Talk to the Wind,\\" the stately majesty of \\"Epitaph,\\" the atonal improvisations of \\"Moonchild,\\" and the epic title track, which serves as a template for the long-form concepts that became a staple of progressive rock.<br />Does this record have any faults?  Well, the vocals are mixed kind of low on \\"Epitaph,\\" and the improvisational noodling on \\"Moonchild\\" is definitely an acquired taste.  But if you have any interest or curiosity in progressive rock, start here.  This is the real deal.
B00005JLTN|5.0|Now no offense to you lesser minded peoples who beleive that The Matrix Reloaded was a bad movie for in fact it was an excellent movie now some people think that there was way to much CGI but what can you do if you think you can jump forty feet in the ail and wack some guy a hundred feet through the air and still make it look real without any animation go ahead. I personally think people who don't like the movie don't understand the movie. It was full of plot and intense issues that humans think about some time or another.
B0000DJZAH|5.0|To hear Tommy in high definition surround sound is a religious experience.  If you have a SACD player with a 5.1 setup, buy this immediately.  Thank you Pete Townshend.  How about the Who Sell Out and Live at Leeds (unedited and in the correct playing order)on SACD in surround next.  Please!!!!!!!!!
6304039506|5.0|I will admit, the first time I saw &quot;Streetcar&quot;(as a kid), I had been a HUGE &quot;Gone With the Wind&quot; fan. I wanted to see another movie with Vivien Leigh. I hated the film immediately. This strange woman with her sing-song voice was a far cry from the headstrong Scarlett. I see now that my initial reaction to the film speaks to the depth and brilliance of Ms. Leigh's performance. &quot;Streetcar&quot; has become my favorite movie. The acting is superb. I was blown away by Ms. Leigh's performance and can't imagine another actress in that role. The fact that &quot;Streetcar&quot;, set in the 1940s, filmed in black and white, having little or no set changes can keep viewers glued to their screen is a true testament to the actors, Mr. Kazan, and of course, the great Williams. Having watched the film several times now, I am consistently mesmerized by Leigh and Brando.
B00003CXXM|4.0|I have neither read the book or seen the original, so taken as a &quot;stand-alone&quot; piece for me, this film works on many levels.  Matt Damon proves his acting prowess here, being able to pull-off action while not being wooden or glib.  Not as easy as one might think.<br />Sure there are the fingerprints of many other films in the genre all over this script and production, but that doesn't prevent it from succeeding where it intends to go.<br />I appreciate the production values and the overall feel -- very consistent and focused.  Franka Potente is a delight as well.<br />All in all, a good start on what is most likely another spy-film franchise.
1573225517|5.0|Loved the movie and heard the book was better.  John Cusack and Jack Black are great.  Can't say I have a preference, only that I'm glad I experienced both.<br />Michael Duranko, Bootism:  a shoe religion
B000068PQ0|1.0|if you hoped that &quot;soft bulletin&quot; was a one-time excursion into the realm of crappy, you were mistaken.  once my favorite band, i now disown them.  what happened? i guess it happens to most bands that stay together for a long enough time.  wayne has obviously decided that it's more important to be original than it is to play good music.  i only pray that the test of time will have this band remembered for the GREAT albums they did produce and not this fluf. <BR>(for great albums see: &quot;a preist driven ambulance&quot;, &quot;hit to death in the future head&quot;, &quot;transmissions from the satalite heart&quot;, &quot;clouds taste metalic&quot; and &quot;oh my gawd&quot;)
B00009V7P8|2.0|i am a ballad-lover as well, and so i really *wanted* to love this cd.  and it does have its moments.  &quot;cannonball&quot; and &quot;blower's daughter&quot; are both lovely.  my general complaints are that the songs are overdone.  i think rice's strengths are in his honest, real sound.  the orchestration on some of the songs are overblown to the point that his voice is totally obscured.  and some of the songs are just too long, as in the one song where he says &quot;i can't take my eyes off of you&quot; like 6 times each verse.  i wouldn't be writing this if i didn't feel conflicted and disappointed.  i think rice has some amazing songwriting talents - i just hope his next album is a little more taut and simple.
B000089RVX|1.0|The CD opens with the song \\"Going Under\\". I'm not entirely sure what, precisely, is being gone under, but they seem to be pretty into the whole thing, I guess. There's actually 10 more songs on this disc, though I don't know if that's a fair statement... I think it's actually the one song, re-written and re-recorded 10 times... I couldn't really distinguish much difference, musically, between the first song, and the rest of the songs on the album. Throw in a different filler here, a different chord there, and you have yourself a one-song album that goes on for about 40 or 50 minutes, I'm not entirely sure.<br />All I have to say after wasting my hour (or so) listening to this CD is that the lead singer had better be pretty darn hot, otherwise, I have absolutely no idea why anyone would listen to this garbage. Personally, I think the sound of my feces ploonking in the waters of the toilet (and, perhaps, the subsequent squeak of the handle and whoosh of flushing water) is more musically entertaining than this CD.
B00003CXWV|5.0|How can anyone not give this movie 5 stars.  I don't even do coke and this is definetly on my top 3 movies list.  Probably tied for first with Office Space(which I highly recommend).  The movie has Johnny Depp, Yet another reason why it is a frickin great movie.  If you haven't seen this movie watch it!  If you haven't bought this movie, BUY IT!  I bought the movie without seeing it and I don't think I've never been so hapy with a purchase. P>Peace nigs
B00008DDXC|3.0|I enjoyed this installment in the HP series better than the first.  I found the characters and the plot more developed.  It succeeds where many sequels fail.  It doesn't try to re-capture something that &quot;worked&quot; in the first film.  Instead this film builds on the first.  Of course, it helps that there is a road-map of books to follow.  It will be interesting to see how the future installments are condensed.<br />One major flaw in this treatment of the book -- where is Ginny Weasley?  One of my friends who was watching the movie with me had to ask when the Chamber of Secrets is opened and we see Ginny inside, &quot;Who's that?&quot;  Now, he hadn't read the books, but it was clear to me that while Ginny was a fairly important supporting role in the book, adding many clues and preparing us for what is coming, in the movie she is pushed aside by special fx and less important plot elements.<br />Finally I found some of the heightened suspense and dark elements of the film a bit too scary for kids.  They almost seemed over-played.  There are plenty of dark turns taken in the future books.  It feels a bit early to be getting so serious and menacing in just the second film.
B00008VGL6|5.0|This album is by far the best album of covers I have ever heard.  Martin Gore lets us see not only his vocal talent on this album, but he also shows us his excellent taste in music.  Martin himself is an amazing songwriter, but it's nice to hear him add his touch to other people's songs.  This album proves to me what a musical genius Mr. Gore truly is.
B0000C9ZLD|2.0|I feel this was a very poor follow up to ''is this it''. and it should have been titled ''is that it''.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|This is just as good as the first album, &quot;Is This It.&quot; They have - in a way evolved but still keeping the same catchy rhythm that people just can't get enough of. I waited the whole month of October to get this CD and I'm telling you right now, it was damn worth it. It also arrives on nice date, nearing Christmas - probably the best time to listen to their tunes. I remember driving around Christmas last year while listening to &quot;Someday.&quot; It was fu*king awesome! I love the first track of this album - &quot;What Ever Happened?&quot;...12:51 is the first song to be put out and is a great choice - &quot;we can go out and get 40s, fu*k going to that party..&quot; That's something I would say, hehe. My favourite track would have to be &quot;Meet Me In The Bathroom&quot; mainly because of the Charlie Brown type of vocals. All in all, almost all the tracks are awesome. Get The CD NOW!!!!!!!!
0790740443|1.0|You know, if anyone has ever read any of my other reviews, you'll realize that I've got a horrible pet peeve about movies that have a lot of potential and flop miserably.  I don't think a movie has been made yet that exemplifies this more then Paul Anderson's 'Soldier.'<br />This movie REALLY could have been mind-blowing had it not been held back by Anderson's chronic lack of any imagination (see my other reviews of Paul Anderson's work).  If this material was being molded by ANYBODY with any sense of vision or especially scope, this movie might have been as popular as the Matrix is now.  'Soldier' was CRYING to be done on a grand scale.  How cool would it have been to have seen a huge 'Saving Private Ryan' meets 'Attack of the Clones'-type battle scene?  Instead we get work that looks like it was done in a high school auditorium.<br />Look at things like the horribly dull set designs (not bad per se, but just no creativity), the poor lighting, the stereotyped lemming-civilian characters, and the clichéd villains.  It's awful how phoned-in this movie just seemed.  <br />The tragic part is that Kurt Russell was terrific in it and was just surrounded by people (actors and production crew alike) that just had no interest (or maybe ability) in trying to add flavor to the VAST RESOURCES they had at their disposal.<br />I actually cringe when I think about just how cool this could have been compared to the body of work that everyone seemed content to turn in.
B00005JL78|3.0|Sure, the special fx are fun to watch, but nothing ground-breaking.  The acting is good, great in some cases.  The film does succeed on the whole.  But...<br />The plot is what tripped me up the most here.  What could have been a more profound statement on free-will and future-control turns out to be a less-than-satisfying murder mystery.  &quot;Is that all,&quot; I asked as the mystery was revealed.  I found the revelation and the &quot;point&quot; of the film anticlimactic.<br />Also -- one major continuity flaw.  If the agency was on the look-out for Anderton, how in the world could he get in to their facility TWICE without being noticed?  He used his own eyes to get past security.  Don't you think that someone in the agency -- a computer at the least, would have alerted them that he was in the building?  It almost seemed silly at this point.
B0000B3B95|3.0|Yeah The Hulk is one mean green oversized Shrek, but he is also mean and greedy(green) for fooling a bunch fans into watching this movie. Before you go ignoring most negative reviews on this one, take my advice and rent this one first, and then decide for yourself if you like it or dislike it. It is one of those that you've got to see to believe. My review is in the middle. I thought for sure that I would know once I watched it, but even after watching it, I just don't know. I liked half here and there and did not like half there and over there. That's why you can't take anyone else's word, except you own. See it at your own risk. I know The Hulk would probably be so mad at me for saying this, but he'd blow up into a big pile of green slobbing ooze if he let this review get to him too much.
B00004XOWM|1.0|Man - i thought that Limp Bizkit was quite good band when i heard &quot;Three dolar bill y'all&quot; which is my favourite Bozkit album.on &quot;Significant other&quot; some strange hip-hop signs appearded and music lost it's power in some places.<BR>on this album Limp Bizkit simply changed into a band of jumping and shouting middle-aged pop-metal men...<br />after hearing this album i just turned it off because i was scared of such a idiotic lyrics and many creepy hip-hop parodies (i mean there are good some good hip-hop tracks but here are only horrible ones)<br />Go listen Tool or Pearl jam instead of this nightmare.<BR>do not let Fred Durst get your money!
B0000541AM|4.0|From the first time I saw The Warriors I was hooked. I truly identified with the 'us versus the world' slant the Warriors offered.... and thought.... &quot;oh-oh these guys are in big trouble.&quot; Not only that, but the music was kinda cool too with snappy chase themes and opening credits.<br />Sure there's lots of 'cheese' here, but in their day, gangs like this were pretty tough (not sure about the Mimes or the Purple Pimps though). What I truly love about the dvd version of The Warriors is how crisp and clear the picture is..... after wearing out the video as a kid I could not get over how good this movie 'looks.'<br />Still fun after all these years.
0425188809|2.0|Many Koontz fans I know list this book as one of their favorite Koontz novels, but I list it amoung my least favorites.<BR>    The premise of this book didn't appeal to me, and it just struck me as cartoonish.  The book had good build-up, but was anti-climatic.<BR>    One of the villian characters is quite interesting, however.  But, I don't feel he justifies reading the book for.  Consider one of Koontz other novels.
0316776963|5.0|I think this is quite possibly the funniest book I've ever read!  David Sedaris trawls through his life and up-bringing to deliver hilarious observations and stories, describing failures, foibles and more failures in minute detail.  He has an eye for the little things, the tiny events and ironies that make up this cruel world, and a knack of abstracting ad absurdea.  He paints a very self-deprecating, lovingly shambolic picture of himself through his writings, and it's the real identification with his character that causes you to laugh when he laughs and laugh when he cries.<br />My favourite story is called &quot;Big Boy&quot; and details his attempts to use the bathroom at a garden party.  It's insane that three pages can be this funny!  I read it on an airplane and I was crying with laughter, much the the discomfort of the stranger sitting beside me.  You need to read it and see...<br />I'm not sure this book is for everyone though - if you're a conservative, homophobic, new-york-hater you'll find it hard to identify with the author, and therefore the humour might be lost, but you should probably read it anyway to cure yourself of your conservatism and homophobia...<br />My favourite line details his experience with speech therapy classes in school, &quot;They should've put a sign above the door saying &quot;Future Homosexuals of America&quot;...&quot;.  If you think that's outrageously funny then you'll love this book...
B000007PSR|3.0|The collection &quot;Opel&quot; was released in the late 1980s and consists mostly of outtakes from Barrett's two solo albums as well as a few alternate takes. Most of the tracks had not even seen the light of day for years before their release, and the fact that Syd had this many songs left is really quite surprising considering that he only recorded two albums during his solo career. <br />First off, I am a huge Syd Barrett fan (see my reviews of his other albums for proof of this), but I feel that this outtakes collection is extremely inconsistent. Many of these songs weren't finished at the time of recording, and it shows as Syd fumbles through a few of them. &quot;Opel,&quot; despite being the long-lost cult classic, is a great song in theory, but it just goes on for way too long while Syd fumbles around aimlessly with the chord progression. Some of the lyrics are very chilling and evocative, but overall this isn't his best work. &quot;Clowns and Jugglers&quot; (aka &quot;Octopus&quot;), presented in a slightly faster electric version here (again featuring the Soft Machine on backup) is just plain painful to listen to. The overdub-less version of &quot;Rats&quot; is interesting, but still doesn't represent Syd at his best. &quot;Let's Split&quot; starts off really well, but falls apart somewhere in the middle, &quot;Birdie Hop&quot; is embarrassing, while &quot;Word Song&quot; just doesn't do it for me.<br />Most of the songs that I just mentioned are the only real &quot;rocky&quot; spots on the album that warrant skipping, everything else should be smooth listening from here on. &quot;Swan Lee&quot; is another one of Syd's &quot;storytelling&quot; songs (see &quot;Here I Go&quot; form &quot;The Madcap Laughs&quot;), and is very interesting because Syd relates the story of the title charcter, who is a Native American warrior. Among all of the references to &quot;wigwams&quot; and &quot;canoes,&quot; it is interesting to point out that some of the guitar work here is very reminiscent of the Ventures with its echo-laden surf-rock twang. A curious listen indeed. Syd makes a complete left-turn on the instrumental piece &quot;Lanky (Part 1).&quot; Rather than use an acoustic guitar and a simple strum like he tends to do sometimes, here he picks up his electric again and actually attempts to play it in a lead guitar jam fashion not heard since the Pink Floyd days. In fact, &quot;Lanky&quot; is highly reminiscent of two of the Floyd's best Barrett-era jams: &quot;Stoned Alone&quot; (aka &quot;Reaction in G&quot;) and the now classic &quot;Interstellar Overdrive&quot; from the &quot;Piper at the Gates of Dawn&quot; album. The closing track, an instrumental take on &quot;Golden Hair&quot; is a bit inessential but a fascinating listen nontheless.<br />Here are the real gems that make owning this collection worth it. &quot;Golden Hair,&quot; although not too different from the version used on &quot;Madcap&quot; (save for the lack of keyboard and cymbal embellishments) still sounds great. The demo version of &quot;Wined and Dined&quot; here features Syd unaccompanied, and works really well. &quot;Wouldn't You Miss Me&quot; (aka &quot;Dark Globe&quot;) is by far the best version of this song ever, and outdoes the &quot;Madcap&quot; version by a long shot; this track alone is well worth getting this album for. Outside of the alternate versions  that I just mentioned, two previously unreleased tracks stand out here as being two of the best that Syd ever did: &quot;Dolly Rocker&quot; and &quot;Milky Way.&quot; &quot;Dolly Rocker&quot; in particular is an absolutely beautiful song, one that's definitely worth singing to your girlfriend (she'll instantly love it). When Syd stops to turn the page, and then goes into the &quot;Oceans may travel&quot; section, it beautifully affecting, and truly makes me want to cry, it's just that beautiful. A must listen. &quot;Milky Way&quot; is one of Syd's best kept secrets; unlike some of the material here, this is Syd at his absolute best! Great chord progression, great rhythmic guitar playing from Barrett, and above all, a joy to listen to. One of Syd's best songs, hands down.<br />As I've said, this affair is extremely hit and miss in the truest sense, and should only be approached AFTER you have already bought Syd's two proper solo albums. The handful of really great tracks (&quot;Dolly Rocker,&quot; &quot;Milky Way,&quot; and &quot;Wouldn't You Miss Me&quot; in particular) make up for any lackings elsewhere, and show proof that even at this stage, Syd could occasionally pull it all together and create a song that is just pure magic. Even casual listeners would be smitten with songs like &quot;Milky Way,&quot; but as an album I can only recommend this to the diehards who have everything else Syd ever did. Approach &quot;Opel&quot; with caution, but don't pass it by, either.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|I've heard so many bad reviews of this movie, both online and by people I know personally. Of all the people I know who hated The Matrix: Reloaded, most of them were people who like Star Wars: The Phantom Menace. Explains a lot, doesn't it?<br />&quot;The confusing plot&quot;, many reviewers have complained and whined about. What confusing plot?! The plot was most certainly NOT confusing, it merely made the viewer think a little, which some people obviously don't have much practice doing. &quot;Horrendous dialogue&quot;, others have said. Yeah right. The Matrix: Reloaded had brilliantly written dialogue. &quot;Wooden Acting&quot;. Again, did these people even watch the movie?! Or are they basing their reviews on the opinions of some loser friend who was angry about having his established views questioned? I think that's why people REALLY don't like the movie, they've had a certain pattern of thinking regarding the series set into their minds for a good four years, and the Matrix Reloaded shows that that pattern was false. People don't like it, so they whine and complain. For the love of gawd, the third movie isn't even out yet! If The Matrix: Reloaded has taught us ANYTHING about this series, it's that you can't make assumptions until the series is complete.<br />Or, maybe I'm wrong. Maybe the plot WAS too confusing for many people. Maybe they're all thinking on a lower plane of intelligence. Watch the movie, it's great, and decide for yourself.
0790729628|5.0|Do we have to wait until 2019 for a special edition DVD<BR>of my favorite film??<BR>Syd Mead's gorgeous set design on 16X9&quot; please!<BR>Ridley, if you see this, consider doing a definitive release<BR>of your seminal masterpiece with director commentary.<BR>DTS sound too!!<BR>Im sure Im not alone in my opinion!!<BR>...Tears in the Rain...<BR>Nick the Greek
B00005JLYW|1.0|First, I was slightly entertained by the first Angel's and had high hopes for this one after seeing the trailer. Those hopes were dashed by the first ten minutes and I was looking for someone to hurt after 40 minutes. This has got to be the worst effort in film making ever. Sure Demi,Cameron,Drew, and Lucy are some of the best looking women in Hollywood. But that does not excuse this waste of money and film. I am not even going to give you a plot summary, because you don't even want to have a sliver of interest in this film. Watcher beware, unless you are in the fake-looking stunts or girls gone wild production genre.
0385512104|5.0|I put this book at the top of the list of books I recommended that we add to out curriculum for our high school.  It's a great book for adults, and it's also a great adult book for teens.  The autism angle doesn't seem gimmicky in this book, as it does in some other books.  The protagonist is handled very well, and we don't pity him. This is really just a bildungsroman, of a very high caliber, with an unusual young man at the center of it.  I wish everyone would at least give this book a try.  I think it may be one of the best books I've ever read in terms of getting you to enter in to the mind of an unusual individual (or perhaps any individual, unusual or not).<br />It's a book of great compassion, intelligently written.  I recommend it to everyone.
B000000ISM|5.0|pyramania was the first best album they came out with,sounds excellent on gold disc,but hysteria had rough cutting sound.must have not been digitally remastered.as the first one was. most mfsl was not remastered at the time.that they were made in the usa.japan turned aad sound to digital format.which made there mfsl sound great.hysteria was available (made in japan).but i would not say the hysteria made in the usa was a bad recording.it had alot of bass to blow the speakers away.some dont like the bass.if they live in an apt.it rumbles the floors.i liked 5 songs off the cd. especially,the ending of gods of war. rockit and love bites were my favorite.poor some sugar on me and women was my second best off album.
B000002N1E|5.0|This is 1 of the best cd Prince has recorded in the 90's. Actually, this is 1 of his best cd ever, an essential in every Prince collection, an all-time classic. A perfect mix of rock and R&amp;B -full of energy and beautiful songs. How come such a cd is out of stock???
B00005K9QP|5.0|When I was 15 years old (which was also 15 years ago), I was quickly becoming a major Eric Clapton fan, and was essentially working my way backward through his impressive catalog. At the time, everyone kept telling me that if I wanted to hear Clapton at his best, I needed to listen to his recording with John Mayall and the Bluesbreakers. Because I was also obsessed with the likes of Buddy Guy, Albert/Freddie/BB King, Otis Rush, and Muddy Waters, among many other players, I relished the opportunity to spend what was a reasonable price for a CD at the time and buy the Mayall/Clapton CD. <br />When I listened to it for the first time, I actually didn't care for it much. Although Clapton's playing was formidable, especially for someone of his age at the time, the album seemed a little lacking, like the recordings of a lot of British bands at the time who tried playing the blues. Maybe I was too used to hearing the actual American blues masters from whom the British musicians largely borrowed their material, I'm not sure, but I remember feeling that these were just another group enthusiastic musicians who, with the exception of Clapton, were mediocre bluesmen at best.  I sold the disc and went back to listening to what I thought was the \\"real stuff\\" (i.e. American blues). <br />Recently I purchased this CD again, because it had been a long time since I had heard it, and I was curious about the newly remastered edition with two extra tracks. I took it home, turned it on, and was completely floored! Through the amazingly crisp mix of this remastered CD, I was able to hear every nuance of the instruments, especially the thick, creamy, crispy tone of Clapton's Les Paul guitar and Marshall amplifier. I have listened to this disc repeatedly since then, and I have to say that this album is very deserving of its reputation as being of one of the best blues albums of all time. <br />What caused the difference in my opinion, being a decade removed from first hearing it? It is in part due to the vastly improved sound of the CD, of course, but there are other factors as well. John Mayall was a tremendous influence on the British blues scene and, being a little older now, I can appreciate how much he immersed himself in the tradition to sing competently and play his instruments with precision. As far as Clapton is concerned, after hearing his performance on this album, I actually realize how stagnant his music has become, particularly on albums like \\"Pilgrim\\" or \\"Reptile.\\" There was a time long ago when Clapton was not an \\"adult contemporary\\" performer, but a blues and rock machine. His playing from his days in the Bluesbreakers through Derek and the Dominos solidified his reputation as one of the greatest guitarists of all time, and deservedly so. I would love to hear him play again with the creative inventiveness and fire that defines this John Mayall recording.  Anyone who wants to resist mellowing along with Clapton or needs a little musical inspiration should buy this CD. It is the real deal, and it will always be a classic--something that, unfortunately, will not be said about Clapton's recent work.
0446677450|4.0|Rich Dad Poor Dad was a pretty nice book if you want to become economically aware of your finances, other than that It's a pretty hard read. There are a lot of economic vocabulary that needs to be known in order to finish this book in an adequate understanding.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|A lot of negative reviews on here (at least some of which are apparently sincere) decry the fact that this album \\"isn't punk\\".  And you know what?  They're absolutely right.<br />The fact is, if you want to call this a punk album, you may as well call it a reggae album, a New Orleans R&B album, a good-old-fashioned hard rock album, or a pop album...because no particular style of rock and roll dominates on this album.  In fact, that's exactly what you should call it: a rock and roll album.  And a great one.<br />Oh, sure, there are some sort of punky tracks like \\"Koka Kola\\", \\"Clampdown\\", and \\"I'm Not Down\\" (though they're really borderline punk at best), but then you have the slowburning reggae groove of \\"The Guns of Brixton\\", with sports the best bassline in rock and roll history.  No surprise: bassist Paul Simonon wrote it, and sings a great ominous vocal on it, too...his sole contribution to The Clash discography, and it's one of their all-time best.  Then there's the martial hard-rock of the title track, the upbeat ska of \\"Wrong 'Em Boyo\\", the piano-and-horn driven epic \\"The Card Cheat\\", and the sensitive pop of \\"Lost in the Supermarket\\" and \\"Train in Vain\\".  And then there are songs where all the Clash's many, many influences spiral together for three or so minutes, like \\"Rudie Can't Fail\\", which is kind of a reggae-inspired horn-driven punk-infused...oh, forget it.  It's just great, OK?<br />This isn't a perfect album...some momentum is lost on the second half of the record, compared to the unremitting machine-gun mindblowing action of the first ten tracks, and \\"Four Horsemen\\" is a decidedly average song.  But it's very, very, very close.<br />And in a way it's a good thing that this is not a punk album.  Instead of appealing only to a relatively small audience, this is an album every fan of rock and roll should enjoy.  Case in point: songs off this album were covered by artists as diverse as The Manic Street Preachers, Annie Lennox, and (eek!) Dwight Yoakam.And that's just ONE SONG.  (\\"Train in Vain\\")
B00005JKJA|5.0|1) In defense of the hard-to-follow'ers: When I first watched this I thought that the dark-haired actress was the main character and figured that the blonde was going to be a stereo-typical hollywood blonde to serve as a supporting character. Also, I didn't pay attention to the first scenes of the movie while the credits were running. So I missed what I now know(hopefully, can't be too sure of anything) was the introduction of the main character and her parents. Needless to say I was more than a bit confused toward the end of the movie when the numerous switcheroos of chronology and character identities kick in.<BR>2) Not exactly feel-good-hit-of-the-summer fare:<BR>The portrayal of the depths of her fantasy with bits of the horror of reality creeping in is really extraordinary. Her being a wonderful actress, staying in a lovely apartment in sunny LA with her love interest dependent on her, a beautiful singing pixie who is bold and loved. Inescapable truth, her fear and dread, taints the fantasy. She even sees her own fate, though not consciously recognized because it is a dream. <BR>3) Silencio, Silencio...Death, Death: The scene at the theater with the Spanish version of Crying is really great. Helps turn the tone darker and sadder and bridges the story moreso from dream to reality.<BR>4) As the third Lynch movie I have seen, Fire Walk With Me and Blue Velvet the other two, I would have to put this one as the highest in the mind-blowing category. Which is saying a lot, since the other two are way, way, way, way out there as well.<BR>5) Thank you Mr. Lynch.
0446677450|4.0|.<br />The corporate world is a place where either people work for money or money works for people. Rich Dad, Poor Dad, by Robert Kiyosaki, illustrates the differences between the two and explains economic and social advantages/disadvantages for the two.<br />     Mr. Kiyosaki artistically presents money in a strategic, rather then material, manner. Using real world examples along with his personal lifetime of research makes his book an intriguing read. Learning economic basics is essential in a corporate run business world. Mr. Kiyosaki accomplishes teaching through his book. <br />The cover claims, \\"Mr. Kiyosaki teaches people to be millionaires...That's why they call him the millionaire teacher.\\" This claim drew me to the book. Why don't they make this class mandatory at High Schools so everyone can become a millionaire, I sarcastically thought. <br />After reading the book I realized that he teaches why people become millionaires and how the process works. Essentially, in light of the former context, Rich Dad, Poor Dad, lives up to its claim of teaching people how to become millionaires. This is a crucial lesson for those unknowing economy.
B000089RVR|5.0|Dido's new album, Life for Rent, is an extraordinarily honest look at love and heartbreak.  She raises the bar and allows the listener to face the reality of her (their) experiences with the hearts' dark side.  Dido's words and music are joyous, immensely sad, and always soulful.  After listening to Life for Rent I may never allow myself to fall in love again, that is, if I can resist the sheer emotionality she portrays so honestly.  This is the best album I've heard in years.  Bravo, Dido!
B000002AGM|5.0|Nice to see so many people digging Miles with Gil Evans' orchestra...and with A.T. in the drum chair giving everything a percussive edge - this one is truly one of the best. At the time of this record, Miles was being pressured by his community to use another arranger - preferrably one of his own color. To Miles' everlasting credit, he simply shrugged and told his detractors to find him someone as good as Evans and he'd be happy to use them. Nobody ever did. This one - along with &quot;Birth Of The Cool&quot;, and &quot;Sketches Of Spain&quot; shows not just versatility, but true genius - by both men.
0345350472|4.0|First off, be advised that the book is very different from the movie.  The movie was most enjoyable for its vision of a gritty dystopic future and its action sequences.<br />The book, like other works by PKD, is about ideas.  There is little &quot;action&quot;-- the android killings are basically executions.  PKD was never a &quot;prose stylist&quot; like Gibson, who could make a scene live and breathe.  Rather, he's concerned with the &quot;big issues&quot;-- primarily, the meaning of human existence.<br />The book is more challenging than the movie.  In the movie, the androids just seem like slightly stiff people-- people who had the misfortune of being created rather than born.  While they commit evil acts in the film, the ending clearly wants us to empathize with the androids.<br />In the book, the androids completely lack any empathy with any other creatures.  They care little when other creatures are killed, and seem to even lack a survival instinct.  That is why the Voight-Kampff test is used to test for androids-- it measures emotional reactions to the death of other living beings, which androids lack.  (This wasn't explained at all in the movie!)<br />What I found very interesting is that the Voight-Kampff test measures involuntary emotional reactions to the deaths of animals, which is taboo in this future world.  (The radioactive dust has killed of many species, making them a rare and precious commodity.)  Clearly, this can't be an intrinsic empathy that humans have-- we kill animals now!  Is this &quot;empathy&quot; something we get from the society we live in?<br />The book also dwells far more on the &quot;value&quot; that animals have in this future world.  The animals are supposed to be precious because many have been killed off by the war and the radioactive dust that lingers afterward.  The Mercer religion in the book puts primary value on other living things.  But how does this empathic &quot;value&quot; compare with the great monetary value of the animals?  Rick Deckard constantly pulls out his Sidney's to get the money value of animals he sees, as someone would with used cars.  What PKD does so great is show how the empathy cult of Mercer, which represents basic idealism and altruism, contrasts with the base capitalist valuation of these animals.<br />I found Mercerism to be one of the most interesting aspects of the novel.  It seems to be the primary way through which people are able to merge together and share an empathic group consciousness.  However, questions are raised as to whether Mercerism is literally true-- one can see clear parallels to Christianity.  By showing a meaningful religion based on lies, I was reminded of Bokononism in Vonnegut's &quot;Cat's Cradle.&quot;  Sadly, PKD never enjoyed the literary success of Vonnegut...<br />There is a lot going on in this novel-- one could probably write a novel about this novel.  There are endless ideas and twists upon twists.  However, don't come into it expecting anything like the &quot;cyberpunk&quot; action movie Blade Runner.animals?  Rick Deckard constantly pulls out his Sidney's to get the money value of animals he sees, as someone would with used cars.  What PKD does so great is show how the empathy cult of Mercer, which represents basic idealism and altruism, contrasts with the base capitalist valuation of these animals.<br />I found Mercerism to be one of the most interesting aspects of the novel.  It seems to be the primary way through which people are able to merge together and share an empathic group consciousness.  However, questions are raised as to whether Mercerism is literally true-- one can see clear parallels to Christianity.  By showing a meaningful religion based on lies, I was reminded of Bokononism in Vonnegut's &quot;Cat's Cradle.&quot;  Sadly, PKD never enjoyed the literary success of Vonnegut...<br />There is a lot going on in this novel-- one could probably write a novel about this novel.  There are endless ideas and twists upon twists.  However, don't come into it expecting anything like the &quot;cyberpunk&quot; action movie Blade Runner.
B00005V0X5|5.0|This remastered version is much better sounding then the original<br />I actually prefer the drum sounds on original version but the bass, riff and solos sounds clearer here since the original sounds way too thin to the point that it makes the songs sounds weaker. Must have for every fans!
0375758992|5.0|... to the point that I worried about how Ms. Fullers vivid portrayal of her family might now adversely affect them all.<BR> Something I would hate to have happen because, despite laying bare the painful, troubled chaos of their life in Africa, Ms. Fuller did so with the same unconditional, non-judgmental love with which she was raised.(Depending on who you are, you may be surprised by my interpretaion.)<BR>This is also far more than just a story about a family's relationship with one another. It is a story about thier struggle to survive in a land where they are no longer wanted, yet feel they belong. It is a story about an outdated way of life, about change, resistance to change, and the chaos that comes with change.<BR> I loved this book on so many, many different levels.
0066214122|4.0|Chrichton is my favorite author. I love the techno-thriller that he has perfected over the years with his master formula. He intermingles science with suspense to create oustounding novels. Prey may not be his best, but it sure is an awesome novel. I just love those action sci-fi novels. My favorite is Sphere, but Prey is still a great novel. Keep up the good work Chrichton!
B000002UUX|2.0|The music is decent at best, nothing to be overly impressed with and definantly isnt in the same class as any of the metallica albums in terms of guitar playing and overall musical quality. My general mood on this album was that I was listening to a compilation of guitar riffs that had no direction and lacked a consistent tone There were to many change over riffs here which made the songs lack character (contrary to what the reviewer above me claims, change over riffs isnt the only thing that makes good thrash, Timing and speed makes it great but, unfortunantly megadeth fails to understand that).  Dave mustaines vocals are awfull in my opinion as its very whiney and nerdy which doesnt compliment the thrash guitar tone at all (I guess the reviewer above likes listening to tin cans rattle if he thinks vocals arent important in thrash). I felt like I was listening to a 14 yr old geek jam with his wanna be metallica garage band. It's so obvious that Mustaine was copying the Kill em all and ride the lightening riffs here (Although mustaine was involved with kill em all and part of the ride to lightening album, its obvious that he wasn't the main influence since none of his megadeth songs equall the quality of the early metallica songs, no wonder this album is selling for 10.99). To put it in short this band lacks the balls and the musical creativity to be put in the same standard as Metallica or Sabbath. They are just another mediocre metal band that is lost in the mix. Thats why they are temporarily put out of commission because of their low fan base and thats the real reason unless you want to believe the B.S. megatheths record label gives.
B000001ES9|3.0|I had not listened to this album for nearly 20 years.  As a teenager in the early '80s, I had pretty much dismissed it. But the other day, I broke out the CD I had purchased about three years ago and never listened to...and listened.  I made myself go through all of it.<br />Many years ago, I read a reviewer who compared Rush to Led Zepellin (not favorably).  I had never understood that, but listening to their debut, I finally get the point.  The boys are clearly inspired by Plant & Page.  But they sure couldn't write songs yet.<br />Musically, the album is not bad.  The production values are a bit primitive, so the sound is not the greatest.  But there is solid musicianship (natch!) and some good stuff.  FINDING MY WAY is a good musical start, and I've always enjoyed IN THE MOOD, a song that doesn't feel like a Rush song AT ALL, but I've seen them do it in concert several times, as a show closer, and it really makes a crowd \\"get up and dance.\\"  There are some slower \\"almost ballads\\" here as well that are okay, if uninspired.<br />But the lyrics...oi, the lyrics!!  I practically felt myself blushing at the awfulness of some of them.  From IN THE MOOD: <BR>\\"Hey baby, it's a quarter to eight<BR>I feel I'm in the mood<BR>Hey baby, the hour is late,<BR>I feel I've to to move...yes, I do\\"<BR>Hmmmm.  I didn't know 7:45 was such a magical time!!<br />And TAKE A FRIEND is truly, almost miraculously awful.  After hearing it, I wanted to drop to my knees and thank God for sending Neil Peart their way.  Geddy was simply not a lyricist!  (In later years, another low point for Rush was the horrendous CINDERELLA MAN, with lyrics by Geddy.)<br />So, is the album even worth owning?  A resounding:  YES!!  The reason: WORKING MAN.  From the opening riff, this song absolutely soars.  It can still put a chill in me.  And on their latest tour, Rush ended with this song, and you'd be hard pressed to find a crowd go wilder for any tune.  It is sonic magic.  The lyrics are pretty bad, andGeddy's voice has been better...to put it politely.  But my God, Geddy Lee and Alex Lifeson were kicking some serious, serious, serious butt!!  The solos (there are several) are all terrific.  Lifeson, in particular, really announced his presense on the scene with this song.  Whew!  It's a classic.<br />Now, I am a HUGE Rush fan.  I'm almost always listening to some of their stuff at some point during the day.  This album won't join my regulars, but even this primitive effort showed what skilled musicans Rush was.  Just one album later, FLY BY NIGHT (with Neil Peart on drums and lyrics) made a huge step forward (although that album ain't perfect either).  So don't dis my review because you think I hate Rush.  Ask my wife...if stranded on a desert island, all I'd need are a limitless supply of batteries, a walkman, headphones and my Rush CDs.  It's just that I have to be honest...a lot of this album just stinks.  <br />But if you don't own WORKING MAN, then you still must own this album!
0060578793|4.0|It may be impossible to write a survival book that is accurate and authoritative on all environments and all areas of the world, and this is something to keep in mind when purchasing a general survival book like the SAS Survival Handbook. For the most part, it's quite good and gives excellent information on outdoors survival in most temperate climates. HOWEVER, one place the book does fall down is in areas such as desert survival. There is little specialized information for deserts here, which differ greatly even between each other in plant life, temperature range, and terrain.  Deserts also require additional survival training on navigation, GPS, map & compass  (please don't try the watch-hand method in remote desert!), water collection, heat illnesses, sun protection. Animal/plant hazard information is also very different.  What there is in this book on desert survival is often too optimistic (i.e., desert survival still and transpiration bag) or too general and vague to be of much use (one example: the information on drinking the juice of the barrel cactus won't suffice: I'll just say here, one variety has drinkable sap, one will make you somewhat sick, one can kill you - better know how to identify them).  <br /> <br />For those interested in desert survival I would definitely recommend other specialized books like The Ultimate Desert Handbook by Mark Johnson, which do a much, much better job at covering survival in the various deserts of the world. <br /> <br /> <br />
B00007E8UG|5.0|I am one of those compulsive nuts who has my radio permanently set on scan because I can't stand to listen to a song I don't like.  I will never forget the day I heard the song &quot;Why Should I Care&quot; in my never ending search for the perfect song.  I literally pulled my car off the road, turned up the radio and sat there in awe.  I bought this CD the minute I had the chance.  There is not a track on this album that is anything but great.  If you are a jazz fan, and a Diana Krall fan in particular, this album will not disappoint.
B00003CX9W|2.0|As a lifelong musician and artist, Fantasia has been one of my all time favorite movies since I first saw it in theaters as a child.  My wife, knowing my great love for this movie, bought the DVD version for me as a birthday gift.  When I put the DVD on, however, my excited anticipation quickly turned to depressed disappointment.<br />I immediately realized that the voice of the narrator, Deems Taylor, whose wonderful and soothing voice spans the entirety of the movie, had been overdubbed with someone else's voice!  Deems Taylor was a widely known and respected music critic in his time.  He had a beautiful, deep sonorous and expressive voice.  The sound of his voice was an essential part of the aural and musical magic of this film.  Yet, the new owner's of Disney saw fit to overdub his voice with that of some squawky and squeaky sounding unknown, thereby ruining the entire film.<br />I did some research to find out why, in the name of \\"preservation\\", Disney studios would destroy this film in the way that they have.  The reason, supposedly, was because they found old footage (which was NOT in the version we all knew and loved as kids) which they wanted to insert - but the audio on that obscure footage had been damaged.  They felt they had to redub those voice overs.  Fine.  But then, in the process, they re-dubbed the entire film,  even the parts that had not been damaged!<br />I understand, for historical interest, that some people might be interested in seeing the extra, obscure footage which had been edited out long ago , but that extra footage easily could have been put on a special features disc, not in the actual movie that millions of fans have come to know and love.  This was a horrible decision by a studio which increasingly seems to have lost all sense of artistic taste and common sense.  What a sad, sad disappointment.<br />Soon, I'll be buying a DVD recorder and I hope to preserve the original VHS version I have in that way.
0805047905|5.0|I started reading this book to my baby every night when he was still in the womb (from 28 weeks onwards)and continued to do so after he was born. Now at 10 weeks, he enjoys the colorful pictures and the simple rhyme. The pictures are big and captivating. It's also a nice size to carry in your handbag too. In terms of entertainment value, I believe this book will go a long way!
B0000DJZBA|5.0|Finally a GNR DVD release.  This is a MUST have for any GNR fan.  The video quality and sound is unbelievable.  Furthermore, all the videos except for you could be mine are included.  Do yourself a favor and purchase today!!!
B0000AXE8I|1.0|This movie is not even one tenth good as the original, &quot;Matrix&quot;.<BR>1)The fightings are boring, they simply just goes on and on ....<BR>2)There is no real character development here. Everyone is cold faced and robotic. Why they all have to wear dark glasses all the time ?? Is this some sort of movie commercials for Ray Ban Sunglass??<BR>3)The conversations are really deep, so deep you have to be a black belt degree of &quot; Zen&quot; to decipher the meanings, especially the part when the Architect is explaning the Matrix.<BR>I can go on and on talking about the flaws, but I will concluded here by advising you guys don't waste your time to see the final, &quot;Revolution&quot;, (it sounds more like Ray Ban III), it doesn't have be a genius to know that Matrix will be destroyed, human will be freed again, but honestly speaking, I rather stay in the matrix world, having my nice wine and juicy steak, who want to live in Zion, the dump place you don't even have shoes to wear. Please ask yourself, &quot;can you handle the truth&quot; .
076790382X|4.0|My first Bryson read was &quot;Notes from a Small Island,&quot; and I was rolling on the floor laughing throughout.  &quot;I'm a Stranger Here Myself&quot; was my second Bryson read.  The writing, as usual, was top form, and Bryson's wit was still quite evident as he mused on the cultural peculiarities he encountered when he moved back to the US after 20 years.<br />But Bryson was clearly very unhappy with those cultural peculiarities he encountered, and he doesn't soften that unhappiness with affection (which he was able to do in the first book I read).  Overall, a good read, but I won't be buying any more of his books - when I want to read humor, I want to read humor.  I don't particularly want it to be mixed in with bitterness (the last essay in the book is a structural attempt to counter balance the unhappiness).  Overall, some wonderfully funny stuff, but with a bad aftertaste.  Shame on the Broadway Books editor for not figuring that out.
B0000AOV85|5.0|I was wondering what this DVD might have which hasn't been said/showed about DSOTM? But I certainly wasn't (originally was in) the right! <br />So I start it and it instantly casts a spell with stills of DSOTM flashing on the screen and Roger fading ..... \\"An _expression of political, philosophical and humanitarian empathy that was desperate to get out\\".<br />Boy, I thought I knew a lot about it but I was 'Down and Out ... It can't be helped but there's a lot of it about'. <br />Musically, Floyd were pioneers of futuristic sounds with the vision they had on the pieces which looked impossible in 1971, Money (Loop taping and sounds made in pot with coins, torn paper and a register), doubletracking and harmony vocals(Dave and Rick are masters of it), On the Run (Sonic experimentation with filters, oscillators and echoes). <br />One of the magical things which just happened, nobody planned, was the voices which would make the album what it is! Yes the voices, some of which at least, I never understood e.g. They are prominent in this dvd ... It's the moment gonna kill ya. Say like if you give them a quick shock, sharp shock they don't do it again. Dig it I mean I could have given them ...... ... I need it once,  It's only difference you've between right and wrong. I mean good manners don't cost nothing, do they? Aaye .... (US AND THEM). I certainly was in the right, Why should I be afraid of dying, I don't really know ... I was very drunk at the time. <br />Roger talks about his views on the songs .. Us and Them, It still holds good after 30 years to ask us the question whether or not, we are capable enough of being humane? What more could aptly be put in today's world? Brain Damage - It's about Syd and defending the notion of being different. <br />It also includes bonus material about nitty gritty of the album such as <br />Rick's chord progressions for 'Us and Them' (all the chords relating to D instead of A - music from Zabriskie Point) & 'Breathe' (G to Em - inspired by Miles Davis' jazz chord) and all of Rick's extremely compelling organ and piano in DSOTM.<br />Roger's bluesy demo version of 'Money'. <br />Dave!!!!!!!!! What can I say? Watching him in the studio with spectacles was funny. He is the god! Period. All the leads, riffs and effects ... outstanding. Slide Guitar? Ooooooooooh! Wish I had one of these ...<br />It leaves a lot of space but doesn't hold back your imagination. Prism of DSOTM takes one ray of light, your mind, and when it leaves it, Just range of colors ..... Any color you like! It is the most inspirational album which is wrongfully mentioned as the most<BR>depressive one may be! There's nothing contrived about it. It's just eternal ...<br />THIS DVD IS THE COLLECTIBLE YOU MUST HAVE!
B0000CABBW|5.0|We are told at the outset of the story that a young girl's ancestors came to her land on the back of a whale, and that all the chiefs of her people are therefore descendants of that first early whale rider. Problem is, though, that the chief has to be a male, and this young lady is not, much to the grave disappointment of her paternal grandfather. Over time, the older man learns to love his granddaughter, but her femalehood is a bitter reminder of the endangered nature of their clan. He refuses to consider the girl as a possible chief in her own right, and begins to train all the boys nearby in the old traditions and rituals, looking for the next chief and protector of the the people. The young girl, however, is not to be outdone, and thereby hangs our Whale of a Tale.<br />&quot;Whale Rider&quot; is a great entrant into the annals of the &quot;when old folks have to learn a lesson from young folks&quot; genre. The cast was unfamiliar to me, but every member gives a sterling performance and is utterly believable, whether as the young girl, the curmudgeonly grandfather, the more liberal-minded grandmother, or the goof-off uncle. The culture of these indigenous people is treated with reverence and respect, and the scenery Down Under is absolutely fabulous. The screenwriters do a creditable job, as well, in demonstrating that the grandfather's reaction to the girl is complicated: he has long ago learned to love her, but the concerns of his people and the lack of a male chief to take his place after him are causing him to reject her on many levels. Though we almost cry for her many times as the story goes on, we always know at the outset of such films that a happy ending will be pulled out somehow, and we are not disappointed in the end. &quot;Whale Rider&quot; is a great bildungsroman piece and I heartily recommend it to all takers.
B00005JKQ6|4.0|This is one of those films that leaves you thinking, but you wonder what you're thinking about. It intentionally ends ambiguously so that the viewer isn't exactly sure what he or she has just seen.<br />There are sections when you think the plot is going one way, then aburptly you realize what you thought was taking place wasn't. It is well-written in that regard, in that it holds your interest, but changes focus periodically. Rapport is built for the chief character at various points, but in the end you're not quite sure if he's a victim or a perpetrator of wrong. He's misunderstood and not easily categorized. Did he do the things the other characters say he did? Or was did they misunderstand him?
B0000026CM|5.0|The middle five letters of the album title tell no lie - this is truly one of the greatest, most cohesive pop/rock albums ever, and certainly in the top 3 of any serious TOTO fan's list of their favourite albums.<br />After going from the commercial heights of TOTO IV the mid-80s saw TOTO experiencing only moderate success, but this was the album to bring them back to the top of the charts. Inconcievably this failed to happen - in the US that is. With only one top 30 single and a chart peak of #64 this ended their US chart career with a whimper. However in Europe and Asia  it was the beginning of a whole new era, it's popularity in those countries (Debuting at #1 in Japan, spending 11 weeks at #1 in the Netherlands, are just two examples of its success) ensuring a large fanbase that remains to this day. Partly this was due to the monster success of \\"Stop Loving You\\" - a song not even released as a single at home.<br />There are too many moments of sheer brilliance on this disc to even attempt to pick a few highlights, suffice to say this is a strong contender for the title of TOTO's best album, and infinitely superior to TOTO IV - no mean achievement!
630522577X|4.0|Based on Shaw's Pygmalion, this &quot;rags to riches&quot; story is a classic because it is so well-done and the storyline ties in to the American myth. Hepburn's character is a rough, street girl from the bad part of London. Professor Henry Higgins sees her as a project, not as a human being. It's the old class warfare scenario.<br />Professor's associates are somewhat more compassionate than Higgins. In the end we're not sure whether the old man has changed his ways or not.<br />The sets, music, writing, plot all enter into the mix of making this the classic it is. This is one of those films people watched over and over because it has the potential of being a pleasant addiction.
B00006JDS4|1.0|I really have to question the intelligence of anyone who would rate this movie five stars. But i think i got my answer when i read one of the five-star reviews: &quot;There were sum really kewl scenes in it, like when the lady was naked and screaming&quot;.Yeah, that guy probably watched the movie instead of studying for his grade eight finals. I'm a HUGE fan of horror movies and have seen tons of them. But this one is totally pointless and tedious. If you took out the rape scene you would end up taking out about 40 minutes of the movie.  The rape scene is extended way too long in this movie and it's unnecessary to have it dragged out this much. We get the point!! She gets raped and now she wants revenge. The other scenes after the rape and leading up to her revenge are boring and stupid. I hate how people are analyzing this movie as if they were writing some kind of thesis for film school or psychology class. And the fact that this is in widescreen and given more dvd features than most Warner Bros. and Paramount Pictures dvds is a sin of the biggest kind. I mean do we really care if this crap is in widescreen or not?? There is nothing enjoyable about this film and no redeeming value to this whatsoever. This is exploitational garbage of the worst kind. It's not even a B film. It's a grade Z film. Anyone who feels the burning need to own this dvd and to watch an extended rape scene needs serious life reflection time. There are about 200 other horror movies out there that are more important than wasting your time on this stupid turd.Figures that a foreign director who's not even from North American would come up with an idea for a film like this. Every American actor associated with this movie should be ashamed. I hope their careers all went down the toilet after doing this. If you still want to see this movie, i'd recommend keeping fresh battieries in your remote so you can fast-forward through most of it.
B000089RVX|4.0|Wow..Evanescence is a really talented and amazing group! This CD is really something special and i will continue to listen to it for a long time. It really shows some of their best music created so far!
0451191153|4.0|Ayn Rand's &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; is brilliantly written. But that's where the brilliance ends. The characters are completely unbelievable. If you've read this you know that Roark claims that he doesn't care at all, about anything but himself. He claims that he doesn't need anything but himself and his art. If that is true, why was he so unhappy when Dominique was with Wynand? I don't understand the characters at all. I know a lot of women and none of them would risk their own happiness the way Dominique did. The only character with genuine emotion is Wynand.
076790592X|5.0|The novel is a gateway to understanding for all those who have fear of death. It allows the reader to analyze their discomfort with death and realize the truth about their life. It is an inspirational book that touches on many common worries of our time from family to money to the inevitable passage of death. I highly recommend this book to anyone who is searching for lifes meaning, it offers no definitive answers but it may lead you to conclusions of your own.
0446677450|3.0|This is a very good book for people who are starting a buisness of their own or people who already have a buisness of their own. This book gives a modern perspective for a financially secure future. You have to have a lot of patiance to read this book because, Kiyosaki gets very detailed at times, but other wise it was an easy read.
076790592X|5.0|This book has helped me see life differently.  In the book morrie says Life is like a rubber band.  Which is true I mean if you think about it, life really is like a rubberband it pulls you one way and then it pulls you the other way.  Also it got me thinking if today is the day that I would die.  I never really did think about it, but now I wonder if I did anything stupid to someone and did not appologize or if my family and friends know that I love them alot and did I do everything that I was supposed to do.  This book taches you morals and principles on some of the important aspects that is important to him that would want us to know.
B0000AZJXQ|3.0|Well, I was initially a little baffled.  Not much like the first A perfect circle, but still pretty good.  It's only natural to expect the same kind of feeling from a band and them be completely turned around when it isn't delivered.  The album is definitely significant in my choice of music, delivering not only mind-pondering, but emotionally erratic tunes.  Peeps, a good buy, by all means.
B0000C9ZLD|2.0|I bought this the day it came out thinking with all the praise and hype, it would be worth it.  Well...it's NOT.  I have their first album, and I really like it, so this was extremely disappointing.  Luckly, I also purchased REM &quot;In Time&quot; that day, and found out what great music really is.
B0000027RL|5.0|I have to admit that I am only a casual fan of Pearl Jam and I don't care that much for Grunge.  From my outsider's view, I consider this to be one of the best albums and one of the most important albums of all time.  <br />Grunge as popularized by Nirvana was destined to be a short lived variation of Punk.   Pearl Jam added depth and musical substance to Grunge and gave it staying power.  The early nineties turned out to be one of most exciting and innovatite times in the history of rock, along side the mid to late sixties and early seventies.  Too bad that there has been a period in rock like that since the nineties.  <br />Pearl Jam's impact was enormous.  I don't know if someone was kidding, but they complained about this album because they said it was a rip off of Creed.  Well, Creed was formed 6 years after this album was released.<br />The negative impact Pearl Jam had was that groups tried to move the Grunge &quot;wall of sound&quot; to other types of styles.  So, you ended up with things like &quot;Jangle Rock&quot; with noisy distorted pop tunes like being done by the Wallflowers.  And established groups, like U2, Dave Matthews and Chris Isaak tried to incorporate the style into their own sound and pretty much failed.<br />This is Pearl Jam's best album.  Every track on it is strong.  It is almost like a greatest hits album, with songs like Jeremy, Alive and Evenflow.  I especially like the way it ends up, with the uncredited musical interlude tacke on to the last track, tying it back to the first track.<br />Note that there are some versions out there with bonus tracks.  I haven't heard the bonus tracks, but I don't like it when they start messing with truly classic albums.  Usually they add tracks that disrupt the feel of the original.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|Anybody who tells you that this movie wasn't any good simply didn't understand it. The plot thickens, the fight scenes get even more exciting, and the characters even more divirse.<br />I had low expectations due to all the negative publicity this film received via the media and my friends. But after watching it, I'm glad I had to find out for myself. The end does leave you hanging, but what did anybody expect? It's just the second of a three part series. The special effects alone make this film worth watching, at least twice. In fact just buy it on DVD and keep it for further viewing in case you didn't get it the first time. After having the little &quot;twist&quot; in the plot being revealed near the end, I watched it again and caught little things here and there that indicated it. Just a great movie.
B00005V3Z4|5.0|I can understand how someone who saw this movie in a theatre as a stand alone experience could find it confusing. Fortunately, the deleted scenes in the DVD kind of take you by the hand and clue you in to what actually happened to Donnie, and why.<br /><br />Having said that, though I'm truly glad I watched them, my overwhelming impression of every deleted scene was that there was a good reason it was deleted, that the movie was better without it.<br /><br />For instance, the scenes with Donnie carving pumpkins with his sister and her attempt to help him, and his heart-to-heart with his Dad, were very well-acted but lessened the sense of Donnie as being isolated, of having to deal with this hideous problem alone.<br /><br />The scene with Elizabeth on the phone gives us way too great a clue toward one of the big surprises later in the film.<br /><br />I'm very, very glad they cut the scene where the shrink tells Donnie his pills are just placebos. Again, that greatly lessens the sense of Donnie as being in a totally crappy situation, a big part of which was being forced to take anti-phychotic drugs. It also paints the doctor, a character we're supposed to like and respect, as being extremely deceitful and manipulative, to have lied about this, not only to Donnie but his very concerned parents. \\"I think we should increase his medication,\\" indeed. Nuke that one.<br /><br />Watch this movie. Enjoy the very many good things it has to offer. Then watch the deleted scenes to understand what you've just watched.
B00005JMFR|4.0|So close guys, I will give you a few things to look forward to.  If you do not want to know, stop reading....Trinity sadly dies in this one, which turns out to be a really well shot scene, Neo and Smith find out that they are 1/2 of each other and Neo must let Smith take him over (as you have already seen him do to others in part 2) and so Neo sacrafices himself for the Matrix (since he is now apart of Smith he blows him and all of his clones up.)  I probably didn't explain this that well, but when you see the movie you will understand.  There is a ton more that I am leaving out so go see the movie.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|I think that this is the best adaptation ever done of a Jane Austen book.  It shows the delicate, scathing and halarious language of Jane Austen in the matter in which it was intended...by portraying the manners of the times, the situations that could create this irony it really gives us a fully realized adaptation.  I think that Amanda Root and Cieran Hinds are marvelous along with all the players.  I cannot watch this movie and be bored.  I wish that it had shown more of what happened in the end with her shoolgirl friend as I always thought that Austen put in these characters as a small reflection on what she thought her financial situation was at the time but other than that, it is perfection!
B00005JLTN|5.0|Matrix Reloaded was amazing.  To everyone who has written a bad thing about the movie saying it is predictable and should not have been concluded.....it is just a movie....and better the Lord of the Rings.  I have only seen the first LOTR movie and it was sub par and awfully boring at best.  The highway seen was great and by the way Neo showed the &quot;superman&quot; characteristics at the end of the first movie, which the most people loved.  If you can't see what the movie represents and is all about, then you really shouldn't comment about it.  It is more than just people fighting and guys stopping bullets.
B0000C9ZLD|4.0|The strokes are back w/ more of what they do best. So far after having this CD for a day, it sounds promising. Although it might take a little bit longer to fully embrace this album unlike their first CD, but I'm sure it'll prove to be just as good as &quot;Is This It?&quot; if not better. Just get it anyway!<br />Song Breakdown:<br />1 - What ever happened? : 4/5 This song says &quot;hey remember us? well here's more&quot;<BR>2 - Reptillia : 3/5 Kinda like &quot;Soma&quot; from their first album (Soma kicks this song's ass though haha) w/ a fresh guitar melody<BR>3 - Automatic Stop : 5/5 In the top 5 songs of this album, slowin it down just a bit.<BR>4 - 12:51 : 5/5 It definately IS a radio hit. Probably thee best song in the whole CD<BR>5 - You talk way too much : 5/5 This is probably the best representation of what a Strokes song sounds like. Also reminiscent of their last album<BR>6 - Between love &amp; hate : 4/5 Nice beat in this song...<BR>7 - Meet me in the bathroom : 2/5 It's probably just me, but this song will take a lot of time to grow on me, because at first it didn't really do anything for me.<BR>8 - Under control : 4/5 It's cool how the strokes can sound a little different just by slowing down the tempo of the song, good job on this one, shows the band's progession.<BR>9 - The way it is : 2/5 Typical Strokes song, nothing really special about it<BR>10 - This end has no end : 4/5 Great blend of the guitars on this track<BR>11 - I can't win : 5/5 In the top 5, this song is upbeat and catchy...
B00006DEFA|5.0|I had only seen this movie recently when I purchased it based solely on its accolades.  Heralded as, &quot;As perfect as any movie can get.&quot;  I thought I'd give it a shot.....It's absolutely true the things you hear about this film. It truly is some of the best filmaking in the history of movies.  Many of the 'less than stellar' reviews for this film are mainly due to its director's cut treatment.  Some felt the deleted scenes needed to stay deleted.  I have never seen the original theatrical release so I really cannot comment on this.<br />Although called Amadeus, it's more than just his biography.  It's more about one man's undying obsession with Mozart.  Look at the title refering more to a condition rather than a person.  The obsession that has consumed the story's protagonist, Salieri, as the story traces his life through the years constantly living in the shadow of friend/secret enemy Amadeus.  As many other reviewers have pointed out, the absolutely most brilliant scene in the movie takes place near the end as a dying Mozart is composing Requiem with Salieri documenting the notes.  Barely able to move, Amadeus suddenly becomes enthralled with the music in his head as he dictates Salieri's writing.  One of the most powerful scenes I have ever seen in a film.<br />As for the production value and the digital transfer, there is absolutely no indication that this movie was filmed in 1984.  The producers were superb at creating Vienna in the late 1700s  and the transfer to DVD was magnificient appearing as almost a recent film.
1400049628|1.0|As your Evil Flesh Eating God, I command you, do not read this book.  The information contained in it is heresy.  Instead, you should devour your family, neighbor, or the nearest human (Liza Minnelli and David Gest do not count, they've been undead for years).  Eat them one piece at a time, chomp through muscle, crack bone, and chew every delicious morsel of mortals.  But under no circumstances are you to read this book.  Its information will only lead you to a zombie free life, and who would want to endure that nightmare.  <br />Imagine the hell of walking over hill and dale, field and stream, mountains and molehills, without the ever lurking dark threat of being ripped apart by a horde of rabid fleshing eating undead.  You should be ashamed at yourself for even considering that atrocity.  To recap, as your Flesh Eating God, I command you:<BR>a) Do not read this book<BR>b) Eat other humans<BR>c) Leave Liza and David alone (they're already undead)<BR>d) Rinse and Repeat.<br />Should you wish to fall into the good graces of your Flesh Eating God of Evil, please devour the following in order of importance:<br />a)Osama<BR>b)Saddam<BR>c)Michael Jackson<br />The FBI's to 10 list is also a good place to start when looking for a meal.  Long over looked is the law enforcement use of zombies in tracking felons.  Yes, there is some unintentional collateral damage, a few innocent get eaten along the way, but the relentless pursuit of the undead has brought to justice some of the most notorious villains in recent age, the only problem is that a special translator must available at time of arrest so that the deputized zombies can convey the Miranda warning, and zombie translators don't come cheap.  <BR>And you thought it was aliens the government was hiding all this time...well the zombie aliens anyway.  Yes the extra terrestrials have their zombies too...where do you think we got Rob Zombie from...have you seen House of a 1000 corpses, only the undead could enjoy it.<br />Until the next blood letting, this is your Evil Flesh Eating God commanding you to not read this book and begin eating humans, start with yourself if you must!<BR>  <BR>Sincerely,<br />Evil Flesh Eating God
B0000DD79B|5.0|I can't believe the guy below who said they are \\"over-rated\\"... If only music today was 1/2 of the value these performers provide the audience.  You can actually hear the lyrics, unlike so many bands today.  By the way, my musical interests span from hard rock to country and jazz.  I appreciate good music, and these guys were the best in concert, considering they are in their 60's now.  Paul Simon even showed he has a sense of humor and they seemed to get along well during the show.  I highly recommend this CD.
B00005R2M3|1.0|E[...] she has the worst voice ever! <BR>I nearly almost hurled after hearing her song &quot;whenever, where ever.&quot; One day I was in a clothing store and they had &quot;whenever, where ever&quot; playing in the store, and I immediately rushed out of store because I could not stand Shakira's voice. So I went outside to get some fresh air. and I puked a little bit in a bush outside. Oh thank God I got out of there before I would've thrown up all over the floor while in the store listening to Shakira.<br />Just remembering that day makes me wanna puke all over again.
0790729725|4.0|Martin Scorsese is a director with a gift. He knows he has a great story to tell, and he tells it, in vivid and violent details. De Niro was great as a semi-calm gangster (calm compared to some of his other roles, for example, Max Cady from &quot;Cape Fear&quot; or Paul Viti from &quot;Analyze This&quot;). An even more important character to the film is Joe Pesci's psychopathic gangster. He is a perfect example of what happens when a madman has power. Ray Liota gave a great performance to Henry Hill. What I really liked about this movie was that it was unflinching honesty about the mafia. While &quot;Godfather&quot; was a classic, it glamorized the mafia, instead of showing the disturbing, violent consequences of the mafia. &quot;Goodfellas&quot; shows the mafia at its ups and downs. There are moments when you get that class-Italian feeling, and other moments that make you want to scream in horror. The acting was exceptional (but Liota's wife in this movie annoyed me a bit), the camera angles were good, and the honesty to the story was the best part. An original mob movie directed by a brilliant director. The DVD features are not especially good, but I read they're going to re-release this on a better DVD sometime soon. Scorsese has been robbed of the Oscars WAY too many times. This movie, however, is not for everybody.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I was blown away by this film.  Unlike some other reviewers here, I didn't find the characters stereotypical, with the exception of the repressed marine and his mousy (mentally ill?) wife - but the banality of their characters (beautifully acted, as were all the parts) serves to highlight the uniqueness of their son, Ricky, to me the most fascinating character in the film.<br />Ricky brings out a good deal to like in Jane Burnham, with whom I had little sympathy prior to their relationship.  She seemed at first like merely another sullen, sulky teen, but Ricky is able to see something else in her - as he does with a piece of trash blowing in the wind, as he does with a pool of blood.  Ricky's gift for finding beauty in some of the most repellent parts of American culture (litter, violence, even teenage disaffectedness) is at the heart of AB's themes.<br />Protagonist Lester takes the opposite tack, falling under the thrall of more obvious beauty in the person of Angela Hayes, only to find she's not the siren she seems, but an inexperienced young girl whom he finally treats with tenderness and respect.  I could go on and on, but the acting, the characterizations, the images of the roses, the use of reds, the parallels to &quot;Sunset Boulevard&quot; (from the posthumous narration to the tragedy of a character living a lie, finally moved by that lie to commit murder) ... there's just so much to love about this movie.  Highly recommended for mature teens and up.
B00005JKC3|4.0|Did not see it in the theatres this summer thought it looked.well kinda cheesy. Figured Id wait till it came out on DVD. It was A LOT better than I expected. It was a little long winded but actually had a story line behind the character. The thing I loved was the action scenes ROCKED! Great special effects. The Hulk was CG but did not look bad and the US Army vs the Hulk :) scenes were great! The action scenes give a Home Theater a good work out. My wife needed a bathroom break during the tank battle and she said she could feel the shaking(from the subwoofer)in the bathroom :). Good movie to give a new HT system a good work out!
6305627347|5.0|CALL IT WHAT YOU WANT,SICK,VILE,TWISTED,DEMENTED,BUT ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS THAT SOUTH PARK KICKS MAJOR AZZ!! THIS MOVIE AND THE SHOW ARE INGENIOUSLY HILARIOUS,GUT-BUSTINGLY FUNNY AND SMARTLY SATIRICAL. I GUARANTEE YOU WON'T BE ABLE TO KEEP A STRAIGHT FACE DURING THIS FLICK,YOU'LL BE ROLLING AROUND ON THE FLOOR WITH UNCONTROLLABLE LAUGHTER. THE BOYZ OF SOUTH PARK,STAN,KYLE,KENNY &amp; CARTMAN TAKE YOU FOR ONE INSANELY HUMOROUS RIDE WHERE THE FUN NEVER ENDS. THIS IS A SWEET &amp; KEWL MOVIE. IF YOU ARE AS OBSESSED WITH SOUTH PARK AS I AM,YOU NEED TO BUY THIS TODAY. ACTUALLY,IF YOU'RE ANY KIND OF FAN OF COMEDY AND APPRECIATED A GOOD LAUGH,GET THIS. AND DON'T FORGET TO CHECK OUT ALL NEW EPISODES OF SOUTH PARK ON COMEDY CENTRAL EVERY WEDNESDAY. SO FAR,THE SHOWS ARE DROP-DEAD FUNNY WITH THE KNOCKOUT PUNCH LINES AND COMEDIC TWISTS WE'VE COME TO EXPECT FROM SOUTH PARK.
0679722610|5.0|The best thing about Dashiell Hammett books is that they are usually readable within 48 hours and yet still contain enough interesting content to prove satisfying.  The Continental Op is in full force in Red Harvest, which often gets overlooked in favor of the Maltese Falcon or the Thin Man but which is still evidence of Hammett's eminent skill in crafting an intricate plot with interesting characters.  Unlike the meandering prose of others in the genre, Hammett manages to combine a flowery descriptive style with a human quality that achieves a high level of suspense.  When the Op is finally sucked into the machinations of Poisonville, you can't turn the pages fast enough to find out how it will turn out.  That's the mark of a good book in any form.
B00007FOMP|2.0|Sorry, but this album was a big disappointment! All the rave reviews here on Amazon inspired me to buy this album...but having listened to it very few of the songs in this album are anywhere near a 5 star rating. Most of the songs leave me cold somehow...they just don't resonate with my feelings. Buy e.g. Otis Redding instead.
B000001E7L|3.0|Having explored the mine already excavated expertly by the Sundays, the Cranberries went from nice little non-political Irish band to still-nice-but-trying-desperately-to-sound-relevant in their marketplace.<br />The debut album was excellent; a perfect mix of power pop and peerless production, courtesy of the man who helmed the Smiths classic releases.  Nothing original, mind you, just very well done.<br />This album hits and misses all the way through, and I'll incur the wrath that comes my way; it's Delores' brand-new vocal stylings (which would hit an all-time low on their next release).  Proof?<br />\\"My father...AH!  My Father... he liked me... oh, he liked me, DOES ANYONE CARE...AH!\\"<br />James Brown already invented the wheel, DeBOREus.  Try another tact.<br />The melodies are still there, somewhat.  \\"Dreaming My Dreams\\", and \\"Daffodil Lament\\" (although they're more like b-sides from the first album) are proof of that.  But this album is not, nor will it ever be a world-beater.  Tape off the songs you like, and sell it quickly.
B00004RUJ8|5.0|If you have seen this movie, then no words need to be said. But if you haven't, come out from under that rock and watch it!<BR>This movie just has to be seen!<BR>By the way, just skip the prequels. Those ones suck.
B00000AFHM|5.0|I'll be honest, I hadn't even heard of B&amp;S when I saw the cover and thought that it was one of the funniest things ever. But then i listened to it and it's become a favorite. I say &quot;become&quot; because it's not one of those catchy albums that you bop to for a few days and then get sick of, but it grows on you until it's just stuck with you. <BR>Woe to the victims of the system that think look for deep meanings and profound truths in music , and this album doesn't, but it's sincere and it's easy to relate with which is highly refreshing.
B00004RRA5|5.0|If you have seen this movie, then no words need to be said. But if you haven't, come out from under that rock and watch it!<BR>This movie just has to be seen!<BR>By the way, just skip the prequels. Those ones suck.
3257060653|4.0|This book, though entertaining, is not for the light of heart. The subject matter is rather... unusual. (A 16 year-old boy chronicles his romantic relationship with a 34 year-old woman, who has more than a few surprises of her own.)It's a short book, and definitely worth your time. Schlink manages to create such a multifaceted and well-crafted relationship between the main characters, full of nuance. This book will make you think
B00004RUJ7|5.0|If you have seen this movie, then no words need to be said. But if you haven't, come out from under that rock and watch it!<BR>This movie just has to be seen!<BR>By the way, just skip the prequels. Those ones suck.
055357342X|1.0|Marin is a good writer as far as the first book went and then I get to the third book praying for a final and it doesn't even end. I get to the part where he slaughters all the good characters and I just threw the book away. What a waste of time and he doesn't even finish. I agree with other reviewers in go back to reading the series when he is on his 8th or 10th book when ever he bloody stops or all the characters are dead. If you want to read a a great author or great books then try David Gemmell.
6304539258|5.0|If you have seen this movie, then no words need to be said. But if you haven't, come out from under that rock and watch it!<BR>This movie just has to be seen!<BR>By the way, just skip the prequels. Those ones suck.
B000002MZ9|3.0|This is a good Neil Young album but there doesn't seem to be anything new or exciting other than the backing band.  I don't like the mixing on the CD because you can hardly here Neil Young singing.  Not that he has the greatest voice, but you've got to be able to hear the vocals.  Notable tracks are &quot;Downtown&quot;, &quot;I'm The Ocean&quot; and &quot;Peace and Love&quot; (co-written by a certain Mr. Vedder)
B0000DG00B|5.0|I was at this show.  ABB was the opening act.  No one was aware of the Borthers except for people from the Macon area.  The opening intro was something to the effect of &quot;Here's a band whose first albumm has just come out.  They are from just up the road in Macon.  Welcome the Allman Brothers Band!&quot;  It took about two second of &quot;Statesboro Blues&quot; for 500,000 people to realize there was something special going on.  I saw a lot of great acts including B.B. King, Hendrix, Ten Years After, but this was the only band whose album I bought when I got back to the University of Tennessee.  I have been an ABB addict ever since and have seen them at least 15 times.  This album is awesome! Now three of those shows are out on CD, the Stoney Brook Show, Fillmore East and this one.
B00007GZR5|5.0|The acting in this film is wonderful. The story line was heart felt and thought provoking. Robin Williams is at his best. I have shared this movie with many of my friends. It brings about questions of faith but most of all it gives us hope about our live here on earth and after. No matter what your religion or whether you have a religion at all, it provides dreams.
0385504209|1.0|Expecting a crisp, intelligent read, I found one dimensional characters and very weak dialouge.  The protaganist was the weakest of all the characters.  A &quot;must put down&quot; and forget about it book.  I would have rated the book no stars if I had the chance.
0446310786|5.0|I read this book for a school assighnment. At first I thought that this book was quite boring but as the story line continued the plot developed a great climax. As I read more into the book I had an urge to read on. The main charachters in this book are: Jem, Scout and Atticus, The minor characters are: Dill, Boo Radley,and the Ewells. What I liked about this book was that it had other stories that were also happening which prevented us from getting bored.This book lets us see how kids in the past coped with prejudice. This book definetely deserves 5 stars because it stands out from all the other books that have been written.
B0000AMRJC|5.0|Brian De Palma's epic blood soaked remake of the 1932 Paul Muni gangster classic may not have gotten all the critical acclaim in the world, but it stands as a landmark performance of the great Al Pacino. Pacino brings to the screen one of his most well known characters in his career as Tony Montana; a cuban refugee who rises to power in Miami's cocaine underworld. Along with him is his best friend Manny (Steve Bauer) and the two begin working for Frank (Robert Loggia), a slimy, manipulative excess driven drug kingpin whose wife (Michelle Pfeiffer) Tony soon develops an obsession for. Oliver Stone wrote the script and helped make Tony one of the most unforgettable characters in all of American cinema. Scarface has since become a cult classic and contains some of the most memorable lines of dialogue in film, not to mention the most rampant use of profanity that would not be topped for years to come. The only problem I ever had with Scarface was it's length; clocking in at nearly 3 hours, there are times when the film drags, but that is only a minor complaint. All in all, if you want to see one of Al Pacino's finest performances (aside from Devil's Advocate, Dog Day Afternoon, Serpico, or anything beginning with the title The Godfather), then consider Scarface essential viewing, but be warned, this is not a film for all tastes.
B00005JKEZ|5.0|If I had to describe this DVD set in one word, I'd have to say...<br />&quot;PEREFECTION&quot;<br />Truly one of the most timeless, entertaining, and delightful films ever made, THE ADVENTURES OF ROBIN HOOD has never looked or sounded so good as it does on this outstanding DVD package.<br />Others here have already sung Warner Brothers' praises for the fine work that went into this presetation. Let me then just add my voice of resounding approval to theirs and highly recommend this purchase as an essential DVD for anyone's collection.
B000063CPL|5.0|Finally, after all these years and a few lackluster live albums, &quot;Rock in Rio&quot; does Iron Maiden's intense live show justice.  Recorded at the Rio Rock Festival in front of over 250,000 screaming fans, this double live set is more than worth it's price tag, and is a real treat for longtime Maiden fans.  The studio-like production is amazing, and getting to hear the fans attempting to drown out the band during classic songs like &quot;Wickerman&quot;, &quot;2 Minutes to Midnight&quot;, &quot;The Trooper&quot;, &quot;The Evil That Men Do&quot;, &quot;Fear of the Dark&quot;, &quot;Run to the Hills&quot;, and the amazingly performed &quot;Number of the Beast&quot; is another highlight of this set.  Although the set list could have been more varied (as much as I enjoyed &quot;Brave New World&quot;, there are too many songs from that album on here, also, where is &quot;Flight of Icarus&quot;?), this is still yet another must own for Maiden fans, and is a testament that Iron Maiden is truly one of the greatest and most legendary hard rock/metal bands of all time.
6303443192|5.0|this is the very first of it's kind. New. Original. exciting!!! Anyone who hasn't seen this movie....SHAME ON YOU! Why do yourself a great  disservice by not watching this film. I love this movie, because it's so different, from the regular run-of-the-mill vampire movies that seem to pair up the usual heterosexual couple, only to split them up by having the master vampire slaughtered by some half-concocked punk vampire hunter brigade. <br />No, no, this movie offers so much more, just like the books. It's a peek at the vampires living their lives, without pesky human interference, and if a human dared, these vampires are unlike many of the modern created vampires, they would destroy any human and his clan. <br />I appreciate that premise on all it's accounts.
630521610X|2.0|A surprise smash hit when first released, the first installment in Wes Craven's Scream series is overrated to this very day.  It's not scary one bit, and some of the characters are so annoying you'll actually be cheering for them to meet their bloody demises.  All that aside though, Craven does manage to put some ingenuity into the film by attempting to deconstruct the teen-horror genre outline and instilling some of the main characters with actual intelligence, something in the later installments of film series' like Nightmare on Elm Street and Friday the 13th was lacking.  Scream has a few quick moments of brilliance here and there, but all together it's pretty much predictable mainstream shlock horror.  The second film managed to be better than the first, but the third and final (?) film was the worst of the series.  The cast features Neve Campbell, Courtney Cox, David Arquette, Skeet Ulrich, Drew Barrymore, Jamie Kennedy, Matthew Lillard, Rose McGowan, and Henry Winkler.
0688156819|4.0|Tim Burton takes you on a wild ride in this collection of twisted and funny stories and poetry.  This is definitely a unique twist on fairy tales.
B00005NRO3|3.0|More violent and character driven than the first film, Scream 2 manages to improve on most of the first film's short comings, but is still only an average horror/thriller.  Picking up where the first film left off, a familiar ghost faced killer is stalking Sidney (Neve Campbell) once again, and the film also features returning cast members Courtney Cox, David Arquette, Jamie Kennedy, and Liev Schrieber.  Scream 2 is full of tense moments and plot twists galore, but a majority of the film has a &quot;I've seen this before and I've seen this done better&quot; feel to it.  Released only a year after the first film, Scream 2 was a smash hit like the original, and like the original, helped spawn a never ending wave of trendy teeniebopper horror films that just about all failed to impress.  The rest of the cast includes Sarah Michelle Gellar, Jada Pinkett, Jerry o' Connell, Laurie Metcalf, and Timothy Olyphant; most of whom give memorable performances.
B000084T18|1.0|Whatever happened to good rap.  The kind of rap that dealt with real issues.  It's hard to take rap seriously anymore because it's all about the bling bling and the hoes.  You be a PIMP Fiddy, cuz I ain't buying you no more.  Tru Dat!
6305903182|2.0|Scream 3 is undoubtadly the worst film of the otherwise average Scream series, and is a career lowpoint for legendary horror director Wes Craven.  Without writer Kevin Williamson (who actually managed to give the characters some depth in the previous installments), we get one dimensional supporting players who we could care less if they live or die.  Parker &quot;The Queen of Independant Films&quot; Posey is the only real highlight of Scream 3; her performance makes the film somewhat watchable.  The cameo appearance of Jay &amp; Silent Bob is also a nice surprise, but the rest of the film is mostly downhill from there.  The series' overall interlinking storyline has become more jumbled and ridiculous this time around, and while it offers a few good scares and some nice kills, Scream 3 is otherwise a dud.  Returning stars Neve Campbell, Courtney Cox, and David Arquette are back, as well as original members Jamie Kennedy and Liev Schrieber in cameos, and the rest of the cast includes Patrick Dempsey, Jenny McCarthy, Scott Foley, and Lance Henriksen.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|This album is perfect.  Its every bit as good as Is This It.  There is nothing bad about this album.  Fantastic!!!
B0000C0FJB|3.0|Another live CD! Come on folks! Lets get something better<BR>than Vapor Trails! I bought this CD, in such great excitment,<BR>even though I knew it was a live CD! I was just about to throw it<BR>out my house windows. We have the MOST TALANTED rock band,and<BR>first the recording is terrible! I can barely hear Geddy and his amazing bass lines. I can sure hear the audience,they WERE<BR>pumped! But come on with this live stuff,gee it has been a long time since a live cd! Very disappointing,good line for songs.<BR>I have heard like Bruce Hornsby's&quot;Lets make some noise&quot;CD<BR>that must have a 10 piece,its live and clear as a bell. So if<BR>you are looking for clarity and separation of things,bass,<BR>vocals etc.... this is CRAP! and a pure waste of money!<BR>Think twice about getting it or listen to it from your friends!<BR>MY GOD!! Lets go guys with some talented stuff!! PLEASE!!!
B00008WG3U|4.0|Ok, so this cd won't change punk as we know it.  I think we can probably all agree about that.  However, this is yet another interesting NOFX album; these guys can always be counted on to do the unexpected, and this album is no exception.  To understand why I call this album's musical direction unexpected, I'll have to provide a quick history lesson.  Punk (or \\"punk\\" for the real diehard fans) is changing.  Rancid, usually a mainstream punk stalwart, went hardcore in 2000, then went totally mainstream this year, releasing a cd on Warner Brothers.  A number of other successful punk bands have fled smaller or independent labels for the big leagues, and their musical styles have reflected that shift.  So what does NOFX do?  They announce that they won't even put this cd out on Epitaph; instead, they release it under their own label.  Musically, NOFX takes us on some interesting diversions - more ska, more old school-style punk...hell, pretty much anything you can name is on this cd.  That's not unusual for a NOFX album, but it is unusual these days for a punk band to continue experimenting like this, while retaining a distinctive sound.  This is not the best NOFX cd; it's not even in the top 3.  It's still worth a listen, if for no other reason than that the lyrics to \\"Anarchy Camp\\" are absolutely hilarious.  The semi-intelligent political rants get a little tiresome, and detract from the cd overall, but it's certainly no mindless good charlotte-style \\"throw your hands up\\" stuff, and that's a good thing.  The best cuts from this cd come when nofx does what nofx does best: tell a story, make us laugh, and play great music while they're doing it.
B000000WG4|4.0|I've read the panned reviews and laughed.  It's an experimental album and it works.  It's not life or death and can't really be compared to anything.  It's like if one were to compare hard house techno to Stravinsky...I'm looking for complex counterpunctual change from the romance period and all I'm hearing is a bass drum repeating at 140 bpms...this sucks.  If you don't like early mood setting music from acoustic instruments then you won't like this album.  If you like soundscapes and are interested in thier origins then CHECK IT OUT!  Simple.  The first time I was introduced to this album it was though this drunk guy nicked named 'The Randomizer'.  I popped it in and it was on the Klingon part.  I never laughed so hard if my life.  After a few days my couriosity got to me and I listened again.  I liked it.
B00000I3JO|5.0|...of all the people who've given this album a try at my insistance, only one didn't fall in love with it, which just confirmed what i thought already: she's a shallow tasteless idiot. oh, well.
0385504209|2.0|Ok its an accetable thriller, but a nasty jab at Christianity and religion in general. He seems to say that none of this religious stuff is real, (even his own), and if you think so you're stupid or tragically misled.<br />It seems like the author expects his readers to be theologically unsophisticated, like they are just awakening to the fact that religious tenents can be controversial, and that they will swallow his comic book version,  supported by reams of apochryhal rubbish ; which conveneniently dovetails with his world view: Religious beliefs are all \\"metaphors\\", anyhow, and really not all that helpful, when the greatest good (ie political correctness with a goose-step) is to elevate are daughters from centuries of sexual discrimination, and repression.<br />So if our goal is to make our daughters \\"beam\\" in theology class, we have to get rid of all the patriarchal baloney, and invent a kinder,gentler and more convenient religion. Too bad the disciples of Christ, who died insisting that Jesus Christ, was who the Bible says he is, the Messiah of the Old Testament, God incarnate. They could have saved so much trouble had they been able to benifit from Dan Brown's \\"research\\", that they somehow missed, even while being eye witnesses to the lives of Christ and Mary Magdelena, and the first century.<br />I guess they were'nt politically correct enough to see the<br />error of their particular \\"metaphor\\".  The Wiccan \\"metaphor\\"<br />has been embraced by many , througout the ages. One such enlightened leader energized a whole population<br />with these beliefs in our time, and yet Dan Brown fails to name him in his works. Pagan heritage  was a major theme of Adolf Hitler's Third Reich, right down to the ritual sexual deviancy of his Brown Shirts.<br />To top it off, the protaganist worships before the supposed tomb of Mary Magdelena, in the closing passage. Why? According to Brown, she is just Jesus's wife; and Jesus<br />is just a great teacher. So, what's the point?<br />Like the London Times reviewer says, this book is<br />ludicrous.br />Like the London Times reviewer says, this book is<BR>ludicrous.
1400034779|5.0|Alexander McCall Smith's novel The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency, set in Botswana is a thrill to read. The characters capture your heart, especially the lady detective, Precious Ramotswe. The history of her life growing up in Botswana, and that of her father are as engaging as the mysteries she solves. A brave and cunning woman, Mma Ramotswe and her adventures make for a great read. This book has found a place on my 'favorites' shelf. I highly recommend this delightful book!
B00005MP58|5.0|Absolutely love it! I can't ever get tired of watching this movie. What a superior cast, performance, and scenery... Even my husband (who was suspicious at first) watched the movie couple of times. Every single character is very well portrayed; the movie is full of emotions and great scenes. I wish it lasts a little longer...
B00004SCX6|1.0|this is a bad cd, and a bad singer! i admit britney<BR>can NOT sing at all!!! i used to like her when she<BR>first started out but now i don't like her! i own this<BR>cd yes, but i don't listen to it anymore hardly. do yourself<BR>a favor and don't buy this CD! britney can't sing! my mom<BR>doesn't even like britney! neither do some of my friends<BR>at school, they don't like her either!
B00009V7P8|5.0|This is one of the best CDs I have heard in a long time. Damien Rice writes folk songs that drip with passion.  He effortlessly combines his guitar work and expressive voice with strings and guest vocalists to create an entirely angelic album.  The results are memorable in every song. The opener 'Delicate' is just that, with its crescendo at the end demonstrating the power that Rice can create. 'Cannonball' is probably my favorite, with its sad, soothing, yet somehow uplifting lyrics about dealing with life's difficulties. &quot;I Remember&quot; contains one of the few moments of fury in the entire album, and the epic closer &quot;Eskimo&quot; is a song about redemption and features an actual opera singer. This album approaches perfection, and I implore you all to check it out.
6305177473|5.0|I thouhgt that The Parent Trap was the best Walt Disney Movie I've ever seen. I love Lindsay Lohan who she played Hallie Parker/Annie James. I don't know how you guys had Lindsay Lohan to play Hallie &amp; Annie at the same time. That was good that you guys did the remake of The Parent Trap Movie from 1961 &amp; 1998.
0446677450|3.0|I found this book to be very informative, the only problem was that i didn't understand all the points he was making.  I think I am just a little too young for this book otherwise it would have worked out.  This would be a great book for anyone looking to improver their financial status, and in the long run have more money.  As a person of the middle class I think this book would be great for my parents if they wanted to have more money.
B00005J8J6|5.0|This album is the epitome of greatness.  There is no such better song then stairway to heaven.  People should play this to there children to teach them exactly what good music is......
B000060P79|5.0|This is the best sugar ray cd to come out in a long time, its so much better 14:59! fly is the best single they have, its awesome. good work sugar ray. keep it up
076790592X|4.0|Tuesdays with Morrie really taught us about the most important aspects on life.  It's a book of love and the sacrifice shown by people in order to show that love.  This book teaches you the valuable lessons in life that are a necessity and not a luxury.&quot;Love one another or die&quot;
B0000AFOHH|5.0|I haven't heard this album in over 20 years, since my vinyls were stolen back in the 80s. I'd forgotten just how very, very good it is. I think in retrospect it's even better than 6 Wives, which used to be my Wakeman benchmark. But White Rock is so brilliant in themes and tones - there's not a bad track on the disc and it's tight and energetic and fresh.<BR>The opening title track is a gorgeous piercing Moog extravaganza as only Wakeman can play, not a strong emphasis on melody but a brilliant layering of colours and a thumping rhythm driven by Tony Fernandez on percussion which gets into the bloodstream. <BR>Track Two, Searching for Gold, is my favourite. Rick brings in a lovely, haunting theme on Moog and then repeats it with a boy soprano solo. The orchestrations throughout are excellent and the piano running through this, and all the other tracks, is Wakeman at his most inspired.<BR>Lax'x is a departure with some discordant percussion and synthesizer which grows on you after a while - the best way I can describe it is like a circulatory system slowing down! Then the whole thing kickstarts again and repeats the earlier signal theme of the album. There is some fabulous organ on this track.<BR>Montezuma's Revenge is a fun and pacy interpretation of the famous Hungarian track. After The Ball is a Lizst's Liebestraume-like grand piano treatment, all slow tempo and lush chords. <BR>All the tracks are pictorial in that you can close your eyes and imagine ski jumps, skating solos, downhill runs etc. I'd love to see the movie this came from but I imagine it's long gone now. The emotion of competition is brought out very strongly throughout - the high of winning or bringing off that perfect jump - or the pain of crashing out and another dream gone for four more years. It's a pity you can't experience the film and music together, it would add so much more, particularly since this type of musical treatment in a sporting film is so rare. <BR>I think I like this album so muchbecause it seems uncluttered but there are many layers to explore each time you listen. The final track, Ice Run, has a beautiful little oboe melody at the beginning which I think is one of the best themes Rick has ever written. <BR>All in all, a delightful mix of instruments from classical to choral to synthesizer, with that glorious Moog cutting through everything else, just to remind you who is playing it. However I think I love Rick's piano on this album even more. All the instruments complement each other so well - even though Rick seems to be using a hundred different sounds, they never get in each other's way and it all ties together superbly - a very satisfying experience technically and emotionally.<br />Grab it while you can. It's a masterpiece.
B000002J6H|5.0|Released in November of 1970, 'Stephen Stills' gave the artist his first opportunity to put out a work entirely his own.  Nearly every selection is a classic in its own right, and each owes its success to previous eras in the artists development.<br />Stills hardly goes it alone in this, his first 'solo' effort.  Woodstock buddies David Crosby and Graham Nash are along for the ride, providing backing vocals on several songs.  Big name guitarists Eric Clapton and Jimi Hendrix add energized lead solos on two numbers, and a host of big names such as Mama Cass Elliot, Rita Coolidge, John Sebastian, and Booker T. Jones make contributions.<br />There is substantial constrast between those songs featuring the then popular 'Wall of Sound' phenonenon, pioneered by Phil Spector, and those that don't.  'Love the One You're With', 'Cherokee', 'Sit Yourself Down', and 'We Are Not Helpless' are wall-to-wall knock-out bowl-you-over tsunamis of sound.  Particularly appealing is the manner in which Still's lead guitar on 'Cherokee' seems to ride on top of, and all around, the brassy orchestrations, and the opening lyrics from 'Sit Yourself Down'... \\"When I get restless, what can I do, when I need someone, I think about you...\\".  <br />Three more atmospheric numbers, 'Do For the Others', 'Church', and the lush 'To a Flame' provide breathing room between the more bombastic tunes.  On 'Do For the Others', Stills harkens back to the debut CSN album, overdubbing all the instruments and vocals by himself.  In fact, on nearly all the songs, Stills contributes not only lead vocals, but at least two instruments.  On 'Love the One You're With', he's playing guitars, organ, steel drum, and percussion.  And 'Black Queen' stands in stark contrast to everything else on the CD.  Recorded live, it featuring Stills and his acoustic guitar spitting and grinding out the only blues number available here.<br />The two remaining songs, the autobiographical 'Old Times Good Times', and 'Go Back Home', arethe hard rock contributions, featuring Hendrix and Clapton respectively.  Don't listen to anyone questioning the intensity or quality of these lead guitar solos... both are extraordinary, and Still's organ on 'Old Times Good Times', as well as his wha-wha on 'Go Back Home' perfectly complement everything else that is going on.   Both of these songs are pure rock classics, staples for any collector of all that was essential from this era of rock history.  <br />Aside from Stills subsequent work with Manassas, and perhaps his eclectic 'Live' release in 1974, there is no finer Stephen Stills collection available, and none of these songs are available on any other Stills recording, save compilations.  It is an essential element of any comprehensive Stephen Stills collection.
B00001ODHH|5.0|\\"Army of Darkness\\" is action-pack scifi/horror movie I seen the Television version on AMC last monday, was okay. but the hit movie on DVD is better and Bruce Campbell beat the living crap out of the army of darkness also Campbell appear as Ash and Evil Ash, this the most owned movie on DVD for halloween.
0684833395|5.0|Greatest book I ever read. After all these others no more that I can say. Makes me sick that some people didn't give it 5 stars
B00005JM0B|1.0|When I went to the theatre to walk this movie, I went in expecting it now to be near the quality of T2.  And that is exactly what it was, a complete joke.  The movie was poor acting, poor diolugue, and had a very poor story line. Sure it had some good special effects, but thats where it stopped.  How the hell could the terminator remember all the small details that he did from T2? and those stupid one liners were so over done.  I hate the way that they killed sara conner, and the actor of john was a complete joke.<br />I really missed the monologues of Sara Conner like in T2, and how T2 had messages about how human were destinted to kill themselves, and about family.  And did this movie have even the slightest of this no.  All this movie had was 1 hot women.<br />Please just buy the T2 Extreme Edition or something worth your money.
0446677450|3.0|I really enjoyed this book, but there were times when I was completely lost. Being a high school student I need to know as much about money as I can, since I will be living on my own in the near future. This book had many helpful concepts including things that my parents (established medical doctors) didn't even know. And other things that I really didn't care about at all. The concept about liablities versus assests is very interesting. This book calls the United states to reasses the style and content of education regarding money and finances. There is no class about this type of subject in public schools, which i attend, and we all need to know about it since that is what our life will be like when we leave the comfort of our parents. This book makes some intresting points while at times it rambles and confuses the average reader. Maybe I'll understand the points it was trying to make a little more when I try to manage my own finances.
6304341849|5.0|...and I've seen a lot of 'em.  Most are sheer drivel: the scripts and the acting are something quite atrocious!  This film, however, is the jewel in the crown--first-class production values, extremely well-acted, a cast to die for and, most importantly, an amazing and life affirming ending.  Unabashedly romantic, MAURICE has real heart and soul which, unfortunately, is missing from about 95% of the crap that qualifies as \\"queer cinema\\".  Forster said one of the main reasons he wrote the book(and you should read it if you haven't) was to affirm that love between men can be happy.  Reading the book and seeing the film were life changing events for me.  After watching the boat-house scene for the first time my heart screamed \\"THAT'S WHAT I WANT!!!\\"  Unfortunately, our body worshiping, circuit party culture can be quite cold.  I know it's only fiction, but viewing the film gives me a sense of hope.  It reminds me of what's available if we risk opening our hearts.  Glad to see it's finally available on DVD.
B0000C9ZLD|4.0|Many will say &quot;it's not this&quot;, &quot;it's not that&quot;, &quot;blah&quot;, &quot;blah&quot;.  I actually read one review that said, &quot;it's too bad it sounds like it was recorded in a tin can.&quot;  Yeah, well, duh.  I'm not dissapointed, and that's saying a lot.  Imagining following up what is gonna go down as one of the best rock albums almost ever?  Not a typical test for bands.  I'm glad they passed, and sound unaffected.  They proved themselves.  They are great at what they do.
B000093BDX|5.0|As always, if you are a true Beach Boys fan from the 70's, listening to this CD will bring back memories of muscle cars,the shore, cruisin' and the girls we all knew.<br />Great mix of Beach Boys music. Sure to please those who grew up with them!!!!
B000002U9L|5.0|There is nothing better than sitting down with a good bowl of popcorn, kicking back, and watching the best movie in the world. For me, that would be this movie. I remember seeing it for the first time when I was about 4, and it stuck with me ever since. When I'm bored, I watch this movie. When I have friends over, we watch this movie. My favorite quotes come from this movie... such as the ever-popular &quot;Did you say Hello?&quot; &quot;No, I said 'Ello, but that's close enough&quot;, to the always hilarious &quot;Please leave a contribution in the little box.&quot; This movie is the absolute perfect movie!
B000059T1E|5.0|Traffic made its debut around 1967 in the U.K. with the album \\"Heaven is in your Mind\\" which was later released in the U.S. as \\"Dear Mr. Fantasy\\". The band consisted of Steve Winwood (of Spencer Davis Group fame), Jim Capaldi, Chris Wood and Dave Mason.  Their second album titled \\"Traffic\\" followed shortly after. \\"John Barleycorn Must Die\\" was scheduled, apparently to be a solo album by Steve. Traffic members, Jim Capaldi and Chris Wood joined him on John Barleycorn and subsequently went on tour. The title track, John Barleycorn is a traditional English Folk Song richly presented with superb vocal harmonies from Steve and Jim; beautiful acoustic guitar work by Steve, and exquisitely crafted flute accompaniments by Chris Wood.  Steve's keyboard work; Chris' sax and flute; and Jim's percussion are tight on Glad; Freedom Rider and Empty Pages. I especially like Steve's electric piano work on Empty Pages.  Both \\"Stranger to Himself\\" and \\"Every Mother's Son\\" strike a deep but meaningful introspective chord in me. I had the good fortune of seeing Steve, Chris and Jim during this tour in the summer of 1970 at the Fillmore East midnight show.  It was one of the most memorable concerts I had the good fortune to attend. Whether in the studio or live, these three legendary musicians are totally in sinc with one another and together they produced a rich album with jazz, blues, and folk influences. For me, John Barleycorn Must Die stands out among the several incarnations of Traffic's music.
076790592X|5.0|Tuesday's with Morrie was a real tear jerker. It was a great book that is good for people of all ages. It's light reading, but very mentally stimulating. Mitch Albom, the author paints a wonderful picture of his professor and friend Morrie Schwartz. Albom's honesty and humor makes great reading. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone with time to enjoy it, but especially to those dealing with terminal illnesses because of the refreshing insight and perspective this book has to offer.
6301966015|3.0|Riding the crest of an art house wave, Antonioni made an English language splash with this his first  commercial movie. It rolled into neighborhoods on the tides of slick photography, trendy themes, and last but not least, the first glimpse of pubic hair on the mom and pop screen (unfortunately deleted in my copy). He had a smash. So why hasn't the movie worn well, as I believe it hasn't. Well, fashions come and go, while the swinging London styles have long since passed into the rag bin. Then too, there's the plot, or what there is of it. That old conundrum about now you see it , now you don't -- is it really real or just make-believe -- is too tired and pretentious to compensate for the other meagre goings-on.  Moreover, the Hemmings character is simply too vapid for the audience to care what happens. A few enlivening traits would not have been out of place. But then, Blow-up is more a cynical dissertation than a movie, so Hemmings had to be a cypher to fit into the relentless monologue of superficial people in a superficial world. My point is not that Blow-up is without virtues. The revealing symbolism of a disconnected propeller hauled around by a disconnected personality, or the sometimes spooky atmosphere, are good examples. Rather, it's that the film is ultimately too arid and time-bound to get beyond the faddish stage in which it was created. A fruitful comparison is with Hitchcock's (1954) Rear Window, two films surprisingly alike in plot and theme. Where Hitchcock  humanizes people into a developing story such that the audience cares when the photographer (James Stewart) overcomes his obsessions, does anyone care that Hemmings can't get beyond his. Ninety minutes of preceding screen time have given us little reason to care, or even support for believing he could. Where Hitchcock creates depth in the commonplace, Antonioni creates only an intellectual exercise, which is why Hitchcock still dwells in the news stands, while Antonioni has been elevated to thearchives.
B0000B1OFN|5.0|The italian Job is an awesome, funny, entertaining and commotional movie!
B00005JKC3|5.0|The Hulk has been one movie that I had been anticipating for quite some time now.  I waited on pins and needles as the release date got closer and for once, I wasn't disappointed in the least about the film.  The special effects and CGI were ground-breaking and jaw-dropping to say the least.  Eric Bana turned in a superb performance as Bruce Banner and I thought that the story really drew you in as the movie progressed.  I was very captivated by the CGI, but not to the point where I ignored the story.  There were times in the movie where you really felt sorry for the Hulk because he was being persecuted for being different, something I can really sympathize with.  The movie stayed true to the comic book, which is a plus, and the cameo appearences by Lou Ferrigno and Stan Lee were an excellent touch.  Rest assured that when you purchase the Hulk, this jolly green giant will really knock your sox off.
B000031WD9|4.0|I think American Pie is an awesome, funny, entertaining and also partly true movie.<BR>It's always fun to watch! :)
B000002GQL|5.0|And its REMASTERED!! Music to my ears, considering the only other copy I had of it was on vinyl. This CD is a masterpiece, I don't know what more I can say. The Moody Blues, especially Justin Hayward's talent are so underrated and underappreciated. I wish this album was longer, 8 songs is so short. &quot;Lost In A Lost World&quot; just a great opener, to what is probably one of the best Moody Blues albums. &quot;New Horizons&quot; is my favorite song, its so beautiful and melodic. I love the guitar tones they use on it. Just amazing. While &quot;For My Lady&quot; has a sort of sailing out on the open sea feeling to it, short and sweet. &quot;Isn't Life Strange&quot; is another song that just hits me. The entire album is just wonderful. Every song fits perfectly. This band is so talented. This album holds the test of time, being 31 years old already it still has the power to reach out and engulf you into the beauty and wonder that is The Moody Blues. I recommend this album to anyone, even if you are just starting to discover the MBs. I got into them maybe 5 years ago, and I know its late but this band just blew me away. Especially when compared to alot of today's music, that lacks any sort of talent.. the MBs are refreshing in that, yes the music might be considered &quot;old&quot; but their talent surpasses time. Beautiful album.
6305079811|5.0|One could argue that this movie is one of the more successful transfers from comic-book to big screen - possibly because the movie is a fairly close and accurate version of the earlier comic.<br />Max von Sydow at his scariest, Brian Blessed at his noisiest, Sam Jones as a flash Flash, soundtrack by Queen, great movie all round.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Of course you must have heart lotsa different oppinions about this album, and I cann only help you by telling you this: This record is the result of the long-time flirting game that rock has been playing with electronic music, is the step Pink Floyd would have taken if they were active now as they were in the 70's, but I don't intend to compare this band to Floyd, as they work in very different eras, but sometimes you can feel some Alan-Parsonesque use of textures and speedy synth loops at soft volumes, but this goes one step further mixing it with the raw anger of Nirvana and other bad 90's bands, but makes it so well-produced and delay and resampled and looped and odd-time signatured that it sounds really inovative and fresh to your ears, its only flaw is that sometimes the core idea of a song gets a little lost among the effects mist and may make seem unclear, and this makes this record a little difficult to get into, but anyway, the good thing about it happens when you hear it for the first time, and get the chance to taste inspired melodies with contemporary lyrics delivered over wonderful digital sounds.
0060934913|5.0|I have to say that I got this book to read on a vacation...In hindsight, a poor choice.  Reading a book about hijinx and mayhem in professional kitchens while away from home and essentially hostage to them was a scary scary thing!<br />It gave me pause...lots of pause and I came to the conclusion that the only thing scarier than seeing someone drop something, dust it off and use it in an open kitchen was to NOT see what was going on in the closed ones.  Mr. Bourdain really has a way with words and can explain in sometimes grusome detail what can happen on a daily basis ...<br />I enjoyed the glimpes of his past...his time as a child in France....his first oyster, raw.  That he felt set him off on his culinary adventure.  His kitchen job in cape cod...  asking for first aid for a burn only to have the entire kitchen essentially halt to show him the scars and burns that are the badge of being a chef.  And how that resolved him to *show them* that he had what it took...  His time in culinary school... various kitchens...  the things that made him who he is today.<br />The book is interesting for his insights on what makes a good worker..a good kitchen...a  good resutarant...as well as what makes a good kitchen knife as well.  He is also free with the reverse.  What isn't good...  what will never work and what is truly stupid...and who is.<br />I truly enjoyed this book, (scary as it was to think back on how many times I ordered my meat well done...something he tells you not to do, and why)...  I laughed alot despite wondering how many specials that I ordered assuming it was the freshest thing, not the thing they needed to dump the fastest!  I loved the gossip-y and not always good-natured banter of the book..the insight about chefs...  of restuarant staffs and cooking schools.  I loved the whole thing even tho, I will never assume anything when dining out again!
B0000C7PRY|5.0|I have several of Spocks Beard's CDs and the problem I have had with them is that they go off into too many directions at once, IMO.  That said, I went into this a little bias.  Only to be very pleasantly surprised.  I love the orchestration and the song presentation; there seemed to be alot more thought and control that went into this CD; obviously Neal.<br />There was also the point that this was a &quot;Christian&quot;  CD.  I am Jewish and a little &quot;put off&quot; by preachy things.  Not to worry here.  This is about a mans discovery and journey.  Excellent.
B00009TB5G|5.0|By this point, people interested in this movie are probably already in one of two camps: A) Loved it; B) Hated it. The storyline does not always adhere religiously to that laid down by the Professor all those years ago when he wrote the Lord of the Rings, but Pete Jackson does a FREAKING GREAT job of carrying on the story HE established in the first movie. The character moments are wonderful, the set pieces spectacular, the effects mind-blowing. It is... difficult... at times to do so, but the people that have problems with the screen versions of the LORD OF THE RINGS generally cannot accept that modifications are necessary in order to see this story on screen at all. And this is a great presentation. Fellowship of the Ring was fantastic, and The Two Towers equally so. I expect The Return of the King to be mind-blowing as well. <br />If you can accept that change is sometimes necessary, do NOT pass up an opportunity to experience this story on film.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|This review may be a little redundant.  There are already over 250 posted reviews and I do believe that this album's status as exceptional is common knowledge.  But just for the fun of it....I bought this album when I was in a record store and I just couldn't think of anything else to buy when I happened upon The Clash.  Knowing that this is widely regarded as their best album, I decided to give it a shot and it was one of the most magically musical moments of my entire life.  My preconceived and narrow minded notions of what punk music were prior to listening to this album were completely wrong.  The Clash aren't just a &quot;punk&quot; band, they are an everything band, there doesn't seem to be any form of music that the band doesn't touch.  Basically, I listened to this album over and over and over again and none of the songs lose their kick or magic.  Some of my personal favorites are Card Cheat, Koka Kola, well, actually the whole album.  There isn't one weak song on the entire disc.  If you don't own the album you are making a mistake, life is too short to miss out on stuff this good.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|I am going to say that to enjoy this movie you have to pay close attention, I have a feeling that the people who didn't like it really didn't get the movie what so ever. Of course some of those people probably did get the movie and just didn't like it. People say that there isn't many action sequences. The difference is, this action movie has a really good plot. I think people say it's crap because this is one of these so called &quot;Fan Boy&quot; Movies. If people want to see pure action then don't get this movie, If you want an action movie that has a plot and will rack your brain get this. I am sure that everyone can agree with me that the special effects are fantastic, the costumes, the set design are all beautiful. This is a movie if you want eye candy.
B0000CD5FN|5.0|Joe Strummer's death was not the end of a nostalgia act. He was on a creative groove that was shaping up to be one of the great second acts in rock and roll. With each Mescaleros album, Joe's voice has gotten looser, more comfortable and emotive. Here he was in a primarily American music mood (one of his constant obessions) with a little of the world beat groove from Global A Go-Go mixed in. The songs get stronger on repeat listening, particularly Long Shadow, Ramshakle Day Parade, and Midnight Jam. But the heart and soul of this record--and as close to a coda we could have hoped for--is his heartfelt, moving cover of Bob Marley's classic Redemption Song. Without doubt, Joe is the only one who could have pulled that off. In addition to the politics Joe and Marley had in common, they are simialr in stature--great presences reminding us of the possiblity of what music can accomplish. But I also think it brings the growing spiritual sense that was understated by very discernible within Joe's last three albums.<br />It's heartbreaking to think that this is the last new Strumemr material we will ever hear. I could easily imagine another half dozen records coming from him, but...At least we have these last three CD's to bring this great career full circle. Thanks Joe. You were my hero.
B0000DD79B|5.0|The bad reviews from other people are merely because they don't appreciate this music.  We don't bad mouth the music you listen to so keep your mouth shut.  <BR>Anyways, this cd is amazing.  Every song on it is incredible.  I went to see these guys perform in Denver last night, and they still sound like they did twenty years ago.  I definitely recommend this cd to any Simon and Garfunkel fans out there.
0156027321|5.0|This book starts out a little slow, but after the first 70 or so pages, it becomes interesting and hard to put down.  It is one of the better books that I have read this year.
B0000CEB62|5.0|I won my copy of this on VHS back in 1989. (I wasn't even old enough to legally own it, I was 14, and 101 was granted a 15 certificate in my native England)... It's one of my most treasured items as it's fully autographed by all four DM members.<br />But it's worn out from repeated viewing. So a DVD release is most welcome!<br />I don't mind the fact that the show is incomplete, the press release from it's makers even claims that they don't even know where the missing songs are. I think the inclusion of an uninterrupted version of what concert footage they have on the second disc should be regarded as a bonus, and not a given. <br />101 is not, and was never meant to be a concert movie. It's a documentary. It captures the band in a moment. It captures their audience (albeit a concentrated snapshop) in a moment. <br />And it's great.
B00009TB5G|3.0|I have been a dedicated Tolkien-lover since I first read \\"The Hobbit\\" and \\"The Lord of the Rings\\" at the age of ten. I believe that the film version of \\"The Two Towers\\" would have been greatly strengthened had they merely followed the book. I am most disappointed with the movie's portrayal of Faramir, Captain of Gondor. In the movie, he is presented as a heartless villain with a mind only for power and self-service. This is entirely contrary to the Faramir that Tolkien so carefully created. Faramir, the unloved son of Denethor, is the antithesis of his brother Boromir whose lust for the Ring led to an untimely death in \\"The Fellowship of the Ring\\". Faramir's character is noble and wise, an essential facet of the story that is misrepresented in the movie \\"The Two Towers\\". However, my various disappointments will not keep me from purchasing the extended edition of \\"The Two Towers\\", or awaiting December 17, 2003 with any less fervor.
0446530891|1.0|It's hard for me to believe that so many gave this book a good rating.  What were they thinking?!  <br />This book is so utterly contrived, so far-fetched, and so ridiculous that it would not have qualified for even a secondary school short story.  Good fiction is so hard to come by, but mediocre efforts abound that make for reasonably good reading fare.  No so with Baldacci's latest book.  The story line is gratuitously clever by one half stretching credibility to well beyond the breaking point. <br />Additionally the writing is way, way WAY below par.  Honestly, it was written as though by a child.  I've loved many of Baldacci's former efforts and was looking forward to his latest book, but what an utter disappointment.<br />If you like your stories exciting, believable, well written, with good character development that lures you further into the story this book is not for you.  Even if you are still in grammar school this book is not for you because it does so many things so wrong.<br />Trust me, and don't waste your time and effort on this book.  It truly is a stinker.  It went directly into the trash can after I read it.  There isn't a single person I know that would enjoy this book.<br />I did learn one thing from this book:  That the top reviewers on this site are not to be trusted.  I enjoy reading the reviews on this site before reading a book and am not often steered too wrong.  I was here.
B00009M6VJ|4.0|Are we truly innocent until proven guilty or does circumstantial evidence contribute heavily to the verdict? Are there innocent men and women on death row? These questions are part of the underlying messages found in The Life of David Gale, which is a disturbing movie about the politically charged subject of capital punishment.  Directed by Alan Parker and released by Universal Studios in 2003, Kevin Spacey is cast in the leading role of David Gale, who is a philosophy professor at the University of Texas in Austin and an outspoken critic of the death penalty.  As a member of a political activist group called Deathwatch, which is a non-profit organization seeking to abolish the death penalty, Gale gained notoriety as political hothead in a state that traditionally supports capital punishment as a crime deterrent.  <br />The irony of this film is that one of the state's leading death row abolitionists, Gale, is now on death row for the brutal rape and murder of his Deathwatch colleague, Constance Hallaway (Laura Linney).  The film begins as Gale's attorney requests Bitsey Bloom, a New York investigative reporter who is played by Kate Winslet, for three exclusive two-hour interviews with Gale before he is put to death by lethal injection.  In these two-hour sessions, Gale relives the events that led to his downfall and asserts his innocence in a series of flashbacks.  Alcoholism contributed to a sexual indiscretion with a college student, which led to the breakup of his marriage and the loss of his position at the university.  Bloom has three days to uncover the truth surrounding Hallaway's death and to free Gale from his impending doom.     <br />The use of foreshadowing in this suspense thriller is rampant and sometimes overdone, such as the problems with Blooms car or the mysterious cowboy that constantly follows her as she and her sidekick, intern Zack Stemmons (Gabriel Mann), try to discern the truth about the death of Gale's colleague. In one flashback, Galeis in a heated debate over capital punishment with the governor of Texas.  The governor proclaims he would readily place a moratorium on all capital punishment if Gale could provide him the name of one innocent man or woman that has been erroneously put to death.  Of course, Gale could not.  But, this is a critical scene that is linked to a surprise ending with a twist.  <br />I enjoyed this movie, which runs for 131 minutes. But, it is definitely not for everyone.  One must be prepared for the liberal stance that is taken on the issue of capital punishment and they must also be able to tolerate nudity, violence and obscenities.
6305949980|5.0|This Tim Burton classic combines two of the best holidays of the year with some of the most amazing music to complement the greatest stop-motion animation ever.<br />Danny Elfman combines his experience in Oingo Boingo with his spooky soundtrack music.  Really, this movie is one of those rarities where all the right people came together with the right story and the right treatment.<br />If you haven't seen it, see it.  If you have seen it, then you know you need to see it again.  And again.
B000000OTU|5.0|...it should be reissued with the &quot;BIG ONES YOU CAN LOOK AT&quot; home video on DVD, so here's what should be instead:<br />CD - BIG ONES<BR>1. Walk On Water<BR>2. Love In An Elevator<BR>3. Rag Doll<BR>4. What It Takes<BR>5. Dude (Looks Like A Lady<BR>6. Janie's Got A Gun<BR>7. Cryin'<BR>8. Amazing<BR>9. Blind Man<BR>10. Deuces Are Wild<BR>11. The Other Side<BR>12. Crazy<BR>13. Eat The Rich<BR>14. Angel<BR>15. Livin' On The Edge<BR>DVD - BIG ONES YOU CAN LOOK AT<BR>1. Dueces Are Wild<BR>2. Eat The Rich<BR>3. Livin' On The Edge<BR>4. Cryin'<BR>5. Amazing<BR>6. Crazy<BR>7. Love In An Elevator<BR>8. Janie's Got A Gun<BR>9. (The Making Of) What It Takes<BR>10. The Other Side<BR>11. Dude (Looks Like A Lady)<BR>12. Rag Doll<BR>13. Angel
0553106635|5.0|What can I say about this series except....  Please Write Faster Mr. Martin!!!
B000071ZZI|1.0|This is a decent movie if you live in a cave and have never seen a spy movie.  Its main plotline is basically a gawky-teenager like spy fumbling his way through the movie trying to figure out who he is and how he got there.  he, as well as the movie are completely laughable.  The special effects are non-existant, the plot is thin, and unless you are a huge Damon fan then this movie is about as enjoyable as gigli.
B00007KWHN|5.0|&quot;The Yes Album&quot; marked the pinnacle of Yes' career.  While follow-up releases were often self-indulgent or boring, &quot;The Yes Album&quot; contained a number of great songs that showcase the superb musicianship of the band. <br />To classify it as &quot;progressive rock&quot; is a mistake. &quot;The Yes Album&quot; explored a number of different musical genres -- from jazz to country -- that the band would never again, unfortunately, particularly with the subsequent arrival of Rick Wakeman, Alan White, Trevor Rabin et al.<br />Throughout &quot;The Yes Album,&quot; Steve Howe's guitarplaying was melodic and diverse. Bill Bruford's drumplaying was outstanding.  Chris Squire's bassplaying was thunderous.  Each is evident in songs like &quot;Starship Trooper,&quot; &quot;A Venture&quot; and &quot;Perpetual Change.&quot;<br />Why couldn't Yes follow up with anything as good in all the years since?
B00008PW3Q|5.0|This is one of the very best Fleetwood Mac albums ever. I love each and every song, but my favourites are: &quot;Miranda&quot;, &quot;Thrown Down&quot;, &quot;Murrow Turning Over In His Grave&quot;, &quot;Red Rover&quot;, &quot;Peacekeeper&quot;, &quot;Steal Your Heart Away&quot;, &quot;Destiny Rules&quot;, and &quot;Say Goodbye&quot;. Thank god for this classic and cool band - and, in particular, Lindsey Buckingham!
B000002J23|4.0|&quot;Drama&quot; presents a harder, edgier Yes.  Gone are the airy-fairy Jon Anderson lyrics and over-wrought Rick Wakeman solos.  In their plare are Chris Squire's thunderous bass, Steve Howe's soaring guitarplaying and Alan White's booming drums.  While Trevor Horn and Geoff Downes are adequate fill-ins, it's very evident that Chris, Steve and Alan carried the band on this album, unfortunately the last decent recording made by Yes.
B000001F9E|5.0|Many of the albums that I listened to in the 70's sound kind of stale to me today.  But not Thin Lizzy's Jailbreak.  These songs have great melodies, strong lyrics, and guitars that will chill you to the bone.<br />&quot;Romeo And The Lonely Girl&quot; has a mellow beginning, but is soon taken over by a clear, hard driving guitar solo that becomes the song's signature.  The &quot;Cowboy Song&quot; (one of my top 10 all time favorites) is a combination of Thin Lizzy's heavy layered guitars and a catchy melody that I will never grow tired of.  Fantastic!  And I've found myself playing dueling air guitars while listening to &quot;Emerald&quot; for the last 25+ years!<br />Nothing before or after has ever sounded like Jailbreak.  It still packs a punch in the 21st century.
0441172717|5.0|On the desert world of Arrakis a boy will become a man. This book is his trials and his initiation into the harsh reality he has been planted in. Treason, warfare, and entangling alliances abound in this world where values vary and trust can kill you.<br />Frank Herbert writes with a feeling of conviction rarely seen elsewhere. He creates in the pages of this beautifully structured novel a sense of the dignity of the human race and how a few can bring down an empire. It is a wonder to read such a book where there is no chance action, no word without another meaning. While some books would leave someone feeling empty and disappointed this book fills its readers with satisfaction and provides a breathtaking new world where our morals seem obsolete and our lives soft and weak. The society we are plunged into is a shock to the senses in its harsh beauty. The Fremen are humanity boiled down to its barest essence. In a land where one wrong move could kill they prove remarkable in their visionary approach to life.<br />This view of the smallest minutinae of the human soul is set on a backdrop of interstellar politics and a bitter struggle for rivalry between two Great Houses. While this book is sometimes shocking in its brutal approach to life, there is no doubt as to its truths. Dune is an excellent read if you are up to the challenge.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|I got the soundtrack because I'm overly obsessed with the movie- and I've seen it 5 times. The music is absolutley gorgeous. I've listened to it every day since I got it. And the scary thing is, I know exactly what is going on while the music is playing. I love it. The soundtracks amazing. The movie's amazing.
B0000VCZK2|5.0|Ok, for those of you who dont know what this Quadrilogy is, it is simply the 25th anniversary edition of the films. This boxset has the newest version of Alien: Directors cut, Aliens: Special Edition, Alien 3, and Alien Resurection. The first two Alien movies were the best in my opinion and last two were somewhat lacking in what made this seris so popular amoung Sci-Fi freaks in the first place. This item should be available for purchase before this Christmas and will be packaged in a boxset similar to the Alien Legacy. For those of you who have the Alien Legacy you are the lucky few who will be able to remember what the original version of the film looked like. For those of you who waited to grab the Alien Legacy (bet you are punching yourselves) here is your chance to own some of the best Sci-Fi movies that have ever been made. Pick this boxset up, you'll be pleased, I promise. 'Nuff said
B00005MP58|4.0|I read the reviews about the color and such and I bought it anyway.  After having watched many other adaptations of what is one of my most favorite books of all, I have to admit that this is the best.  Not only does it follow Jane Austen's book, but it has the added enhancement of Colin Firth!<br />The acting is wonderful, as is the setting, the script (as insinuated prior), and the costumes.  They are all very accurate and there is nothing more that I despise then a good period movie/play/book that is ruined by the wearing of plastic wristwatch or obvious electric lighting when none was available at that time.<br />My only complaints are the ones that have been listed in previous posts.  The picture is over bright and there is not much to the 'EXTRA SPECIAL' additions.  I can only surmise that the transfer from PAL was poorly done or they weren't watching their levels.<br />The best thing is that I can go straight to the Bath scene and the Pond scene with just a click of my remote, and that more than makes up for the poor picture quality!  I do not regret purchasing this DVD.<br />That being said, I would not give up the opportunity to purchase a better quality DVD should it become available - as long as there is color correction and subtitles.
B00002Z88D|3.0|This review is coming from a listener who during the 80's and early 90's thought that Metallica was the greatest thing to happen to this planet since the Beatles. I used to have Cliff Burton shrines in my locker, and I used to learn Hetfield's riffs for the guitar. This album offers a strange mixture of the once subterranean kings of under ground music to the high falutin sound of the San Francisco Symphany. Now if you don't believe me that it's high falutin, I used to do temp work for the SF symphany and I was there on one of the Gala nights when scum like Willie Brown and CEO's of investment banking companies would pay thousands for front row seats. This goes well with a band who's initial start was to take an anti-establishment stance and say 'kill all record producers'. It's also true, that Metallica doesn't owe a former fan like me anything and I acknowledge their freedom as artist to grow and change. Just don't expect all of us to follow. That being said, the sound on this album is a great sound board recording. State of the art in fact. The admixture of Strings and crunching rhythm guitar goes well over classics like 'One' and 'Wherever I may Roam'. It almost has a sinister baroque sound that gives each song a new flare. However, other tracks suffer and sort of fall short. The crowd noise also kind of disrupts some of the finer listening moments on this album. In my opinion, I would say stick with the first five albums and if you're in the need for more turn here. After all, Hetfield always sited classical composers as a major influence and here the to worlds collide with heavy metal coming out on top! Long live rock!
1878424319|4.0|The Four Agreements are basic guidelines that if followed, will make your life better.  No doubt! This book is repetitive on occasion, so be warned. If you want to make the most of every situation, understand and master all feelings, and live your best life, I recommend Optimal Thinking: How To Be Your Best Self.
B000002ACR|5.0|This album is one of those albums that no one ever told me about, I just had to find it for myself. I'm in my 20's right now, and all my generation ever hears about from the 60's is Rolling Stones, Beatles, and Pet Sounds. It's a shame because some of the best music ever can be mined out of the 60's. This album is no exception. I agree with what a reviewer below wrote about Mind Gardens being a terrible song. Whew does it stink. But don't let that one blemish deter you. The song 'Why' displays the brilliance of this band. Great hook, incredible production, and an infectious chorus. David Crosby 'Everybody's Been Burned' is one of the most incredible ballads I've ever heard. Occasionaly, music takes on a life beyond it's creators or listeners. Pure magic this is.
B00006CXXU|1.0|Even worse and more lame than Spears, Timberlake et al. Just putridly and relentlessly banal.Please Dear God Stop!NO More!
B00008A7QK|5.0|It's a shame that most of the general public only knows of T Rex as the guy that wrote 'Get it On, Bang a Gong'. This guy is without a doubt one the most luminating talents to come of the 60's psychadelic and 70's glam periods. It was on this album that Marc utilized a full band and back up singers. Prior to this he was notorius for his Tolken like accoustic sets accompanied by a conga percussionist. This album goes from a rocker to pretty ballad, to a grinding blues track and the whole time keeps the listener in awe. Another strong point to this album is the work of legendary producer Tony Visconti, who without this album would have lacked the beautiful string arrangements that luminate the infamous 'Cosmic Dancer'. It's rare that music takes on a life bigger than the performer, or the audience. This is exactly what happened through out Electric Warrior. The enhanced bonus Electric Warrior is well worth the money. You get a poster, art work, lyrics, liner notes, and extra tracks that are essential to the T. Rex cannon. Raw Ramp and Hot Love are two of the groups biggest hits. Don't miss this album.
B00006BTCA|5.0|forget all the comparisons to the joy division, smiths, etc.  interpol has a unique twin guitar harmonic thing they are mining and at times the sound is amazing.  very cool, odd lyrics with a high emotion to syllable ratio.
B0000AFQS0|5.0|Basically I'm in my 20's and I wasn't around for the whole Who phenomenon. Anyway, after seeing Quick One While She's Away and Sparks I realized that this band was of a different cut than you're average band. I've never seen live concert footage that got me so revved up like this stuff. Just the way this group pulled things off was done balls to the wall, or petal to the metal. When I saw Pete's arms flailing all over the place, doing wind mill after wind mill I thought to myself that this guy that I'm looking at could be the epitome off rock &amp; roll. The demo of Barbara Ann had me laughing out loud.  Make no mistake this video rocks. Not only that the interview segments are both insightful and humorous.
B0000CEB4V|5.0|... and this dvd!  It is a great tribute to a great musician. And it's perfect for musical accompaniment to practice the lessons of the \\"New Sex Now\\" dvd.
0156027321|3.0|Life of Pi is an unusual story about a boy named Piscene Molitar Patel better known as Pi Patel.  He is the son of a Pondicherry, India zookeeper who contemplates life more than the average teenage boy.  Pi endearingly informs the reader of his love of religion, all religions, from Christianity to Hinduism to Islam.  His world is disrupted when his father announces that the family will be moving to Canada and in the process decides to sell the zoo. He will be transporting the animals  to various places in North America aboard the same cargo ship that his family is traveling on.  During the voyage the ship sinks leaving Pi the only survivor with a menagerie of animals on his small life raft including a zebra, hyena, orangutan and huge Bengal tiger named Richard Parker. So begins Pi's journey as a stranded survivor for 227 days on the Pacific ocean.<br />Yann Martel is a gifted writer.  His portrayal of Pi is endearing, witty and at times heartbreaking.  The story is original. Martel demonstrates the dynamics between man and animal and how a man can become an animal when his survival is threatened is illustrated througout the story.  At some point though, I just lost interest. Pi's story became boring and I felt like I had to trudge through at least 150 pages until I came to the near end and their discovery of an amazing island.  The ending was an enigma that the reader must decipher just like the investigators who interview Pi have to.  I wanted to love this book.  It was a Booker Prize winner and had the wonderfully rich character of Pi, but in the end I'll settle for liking most of it and appreciating an unusual and original if not at times slow plot.
B00005JKC3|4.0|This movie was a movie that I was very excited to see and I was not disappointed.  The beginning of the movie moved a little too slow for me, but it wasen't worthless dialouge.  This movie does a good job of showing how troubled Bruce Banner really is.  Eric Bana does a great job as Bruce Banner.  He really does a good job of portraying him the way that he was in the comics.  Jennifer Connelly plays an almost too serious Betty Ross. For those who say that the Hulk looks too fake, you need to get your eyes checked because these special effects are amongst the best I've seen.  I doubt that there will be a sequel, although I would like to see one or two. A little too long, maybe needed some humor and Nick Nolte's character was annoying. Otherwise a great movie.
B00006F83Y|1.0|I picked up this cd out of pure curiousity, when I listened to it...it flat out sucked! This music is obviously popular for two main reasons, Dave Grohl's performance on drums helps the band to look &quot;cool.&quot; Well, I've got news for you Grohl enthusiasts; he's definitely a solid drummer, but he IS NOT that great. The tiltle of this cd is befitting - these songs really would be more enjoyable if you were deaf; the music is that bad. The only song that's decent is &quot;no one knows,&quot; and that's not even that great of a song. The other reason this cd is popular is because it's the new &quot;cool band&quot; to listen to. Don't waste your money.
0811806405|3.0|This book was a huge inspiration when it first came out about 15 years ago.  Sadly they haven't updated it, and nobody has published a better book built on this one's foundation.  This has probably been fifteen years of the most rapid change in lutherie.  <br />When I finally got around to building guitars, I hardly cracked open this book, there wasn't anything in it of importance to what I would do.  The more modern resources were hugely abundant and mostly free.<br />The book also hops back and forth between classical and steel string guitars.  I would not buy this book to build a classical guitar.  There just isn't any of the pertinent modern or old school information between these pages.  You have to root around to get the modern stuff, and either a measured drawing, or Masterpiece Guitars would be the best way to get started on the classicals.<br />The kind of thing you really do to build a good guitar is:  There is a lot of interest in Tores classicals, and Hauser.  For Hauser you get Jeff Elliot's detailed plan and articles from back issues of American Lutherie.  If one was interested in Torres, one could get the great book on the man and his guitars by Jose Romanillos.  Romanillos and Elliot have also given the key specifics on the exact features of a tores guitar that make them work, particularly with modern strings.  It's actually easier to get going as a beginner or an advanced student, from the magazines and the web.  Not true of all craft, but it's true here.<br />The modern steel string is also not represented in this book, there is a ton of interest in Concert planforms, acoustic electric guitars, jigging manufacture (both amateur and pro), different types of guitar for rhythm vs. say fingerstyle, performance bracing, and so forth.  Most informed consumers would make these kinds of choices when buying a guitar, but non of them are covered here as points of departure for a builder.  It takes some skill (it seems like everyone is doing it) to make a guitar, but it doesn't require any more skill to start making the right guitar.  But you won't get that from this book.
B000002KE2|4.0|I just can't get into this album as much as either of the other 5 of the first 6 albums. Don't get me wrong, it's still great (as is every of the first 6 sabbath albums), It just doesn't do it for me, for some reason. I can't get into the major hits from album very much; hits like &quot;Snowblind,&quot; &quot;Wheels of Confusion/The straightener,&quot; &quot;Tommorrow's dream,&quot; etc. i just don't think are as good as other hits like &quot;nib,&quot;solitude,&quot;children of the grave&quot; any song from &quot;Paranoid,&quot; &quot;Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath,&quot; and &quot;Sabotage&quot; Just my opinion, though. If your a Sabbath fan definitely buy it; like i said - still a great cd.
0060005424|5.0|I first read sabriel and that book flung me into the old kingdom and i was an instant fan. The book can be related to everybody's lives and i am sure it is in everybodys dreams too. This made me pick up Lirael and read it, at first I was saddened to see that I would no longer be reading about sabriel, but infact a daughter of the clayr which we hear little about in the first book, but before long i was transfixed in the old kingdom with sameth and lirael who i could relate to. It is an excellent book, when you turn the pages, you don't see paper, you see charter marks. Charter marks for excellent literature and magical reading.
B00005JLEU|5.0|This is another classic by Miyu Irino, just like Princess Mononoke. The animation was simply amazing, since parts weren't ONLY frame-by-frame, they were also practically works of art! This animation is almost as good as a celshaded cartoon!
1573300403|5.0|Micheal Jackson is definetly the king of pop - after u see this collection of his videos you wont dispute that. <BR>THE DVD<BR>1.PROGRAM START<BR>2.teaser-elaborate teaser showing micheal jackson as a huge statue.<BR>3.BILLIE JEAN motown 25- an amazing performance of micheal jackson singing billie jean and doing moonwalk for first time- here he shows his amazing talent - in this performance u think it cant get any better than this but yet he ceases to amaze me - performances keep getting better. 5 star performance <BR>4.BEAT IT- classic mj video great dancing - good song 4.3 stars<BR>5.LIBERIAN GIRL- ok/ catchy song with alot of appearances by celebritys - very rare video- 3 stars<BR>6.SMOOTH CRIMINAL-this one i rank up there with billie jean- here he outdoes himself again showing his amazing talent and dancing abilitys- 5 star performance<BR>7.1995 mtv video music awards-another amazing performance- my personal favorite along with smooth criminal- here he does many songs in a mix of some sort and shows many diffrent dances and it amazes me how he can switch so quick into the diff dances -one of a kind performance - 5 stars<BR>8.THRILLER- classic masterpiece /great performances by all- 5 stars<BR>SIDE TWO<BR>1.SCREAM- innovative original video with sister janet- very cool video - 4 stars<BR>2.CHILDHOOD-pretty good video -3.5 stars<BR>3. YOU ARE NOT ALONE- not one of my favorites but still good video/ shows micheals sensitive side- 4 stars<BR>4.EARTH SONG- beautiful video - have to see it to believe it -5 stars<BR>5.THEY DONT CARE ABOUT US- so so video / fun to watch- 3.5 stars<BR>6.STRANGER IN MOSCOW- diffrent type of video yet beautiful-3.8 stars<BR>7.BLOOD ON THE DANCE FLOOR- the worst video on whole disk - i didnt like this song or video at all but the other videos make up for this one - 1 star( this just wasnt micheal jackson- it wasnt his style ) i expect more from this - hes more talented and hes shown that in his past but maybe he just wanted to try somthingdiffrent<BR>8.BRACE yourself-3.5-4 stars <BR>SO I RECOMEND THIS DVD TO ANYONE - any pop music lover or micheal jackson fan - even if ur not a big micheal jackson fan u will be after veiwing this collection and this dvd is also good for chronicaling some very memorable video masterpieces.
B00005JLK1|4.0|Ghost Ship is one of the bloodiest horror movies in recent years. Watch the first fifteen minutes and you'll see why. The story is not that exceptional: a salvage crew is hired by a mysterious person to recover a long lost luxury cruise ship. <br /> Of course everything is not as it seems; the crew is stranded on the cruise ship, a &quot;treasure in gold&quot; is discovered along with the truth about what happened to the ship's crew and passengers.<br />Ghost Ship is not perfect, but it is worth watching.
B000002LOE|1.0|First of all I'm a HUGE R.E.M. fan since early '85. This is REM at their weakest. I am still stunned at how people can call this a masterpiece. After the so-so &quot;Green&quot; album , I was highly anticipating this release back in '91. I had heard &quot;Losing my religion&quot; beforehand on the radio which I think is a good (but not great) song. So I thought there was some promise there. How wrong was I? The first track on this cd &quot;Radio song&quot; is downright scary!! I almost felt embarrased for the band. The rest of this cd wonders down the road of mediocrety at best. If you're wanting to taste the &quot;True&quot; R.E.M., I suggest trying &quot;Life's Rich pageant&quot; and &quot;Document&quot;. Those are good starters. If you want the best R.E.M. album, (in most people's opinion including mine) try out &quot;Murmur&quot;. Luckly, after this &quot;Out of time&quot; disappointment, &quot;Automatic for the people&quot; came out and restored my faith in R.E.M. once again. Don't get this!
1400049628|5.0|First off I would like to know why this book is under the humor category.  Its completly serious and one of my favorite books of all time.<BR>   It starts off with helping you to understand the undead and why they are what they are. Next it tells you what you must do to destroy them.  <BR>   It gives you indepth discriptions on what weapons to use and which weapons not to use.  For example, you would never expect that the chainsaw is one of the worst weapons to use againt ghouls.  A weapon that is good is the M1 Garand, he also says that they dont make them anymore and its hard to find them...SO TRUE.  Although I got lucky enough to find one for 600$. <BR>   It gives you classes of attacks and tells you where to seek shelter. This book has everything about zombies you can think of. And as a bonus you get many pages of attacks written from when they happend.  This book is a must buy....Kill them before you become them...
B00005JLYW|3.0|Now who didn't love the first CHARLIE'S ANGEL.  Maybe not on the &quot;dramatic side&quot; but still dead fun to watch.  It was a sucess, so of course McG (the director) had to cash in again on the franchise.  Well the movie is similar to the first.  Lucy Lui, Cameron Diaz, and Drew Barrymore play Charlie's angels, superhero crime fighters employed by mysterious never-seen Charlie.  Bosely (who was played by Bill Murray) is now played by Bernie Mac, who is always funny.  Demi Moore (who is seriously fit for a woman 40 years old) plays Madison, an angel-gone-bad.  It is a typical case of good vs. evil.  The plot is wish-washed and a mess.  The characters are not developed well, mainly because the first one developed them.  There is little drama, mainly only a seriously lame nostalgia between Dillon (Barrymore) and Shamus the big bad guy, who Dillon locked up.  That should have seriously been left out of the movie.  The most dissapointing aspect of the film is the sub-par action sequences.  I'm an action man, and this movie has action sequences that are still cool, but really sub-par compared to the first flick.<br />The film is always fun to watch, like the first.  Some serious skin is shown, but nothing completly.  Although some may disagree, I think the film DOES warrent only a PG-13 and it is not a stretch.  The film is fun movie, but is still not as good as the first film.  Overall it is just another attempt to squeeze money out of a franchise through a sequel.
B000089RVR|1.0|Dido's fanclub is offering prizes to those individuals who post the best and most reviews on various websites.  I don't think this review will win an autographed pic or free cd, but frankly I don't care.  Anyone with the ability to hear can attest to the fact that &quot;Life for Rent&quot; is a mundane, boring collection of pathetic, whinny ditties.  The music is so whimpy that I'm embarrassed to own the cd.  The melodies are bland, the music is redundant and the vocals are lax.  The first single, White Flag sounds like elevator music.  The most ironic aspect of this cd is the copy protection.  Dido has no problem begging her fans for good press, but she blocks those who may have wanted to transfer the disc to their computer, mp3 player, or even to an interested friend.  Dido appears greedy, this cd is the biggest sell-out I've ever seen.
B0000C8AW2|5.0|An unappreciated masterpiece from the bard.  Let's come back to the Las Vegas arrangement later.  To begin, Changing of the Guards, New Pony, Senor, Where are You Tonight... perhaps the most captivating set of work since, (the constant point of Dylan reference), Blood on the Tracks...  Since Blood on the Tracks, all of Dylan's releases have been a mix of genius and mediocrity, and Street Legal is no exception.  That said, Changing of the Guards anticipates Jokerman, and is a far superior version thereof. The other aforementioned tracks contain some of the most melancholically enchanting and imagistic work that Dylan's done, and anticipate Masked and Anonymous.  As for the musical arrangement... don't be too quick to knock it. Have you ever been to Vegas?  A place so tacky it's beautiful.
B00006RU5B|5.0|Audioslave is an awesome band. You can tell that everyone playin the music is from Rage Against The Machine. The songs &quot;Cochise&quot; and &quot;Show Me How To Live&quot; sound sort of like 1970's rock songs like AC/DC or Led Zeppelin. My favorite on this cd is &quot;Show me how to live&quot; but they're all good.
B000089RVR|4.0|Dido may be one of the only artists making pop music which I can say I truly enjoy.Technically, she's no great singer, but there is an incredibly appealing quality to her voice that almost melts into the music, shaping and shading in the words into song.Every song is sweet, and ethearal, and relaxing.
B000002AZ8|5.0|Vitalogy is simply PJ's best album.   When I first bought it, I had only heard of Spin The Black Circle, which was their commercial hit and which I thought was a fantastic song.   But on my first few listens of Vitalogy, I was flabbergasted by the strange content.   Ok, it was alright to be unique, but my first thoughts were &quot;rubbish&quot; on songs like Bugs, Pry To and Stupid Mop.   But it was only many months later when I had given it more chances (fortunately) that I realized what a great album this is.   If not for the continuity of the entire album, then at least for the many great songs in it.   Those which I would call &quot;absolute classics&quot; are:  Corduroy, Satan's Bed, Nothingman, Betterman and Immortality.   While the &quot;very good&quot; songs would be Last Exit, Spin the Black circle and Whipping.   Surprisingly, Bugs and Stupid Mop are quite listenable, if only within the continuity of the album.   On a final note, I would just like to comment how incredulous I felt upon reading a comment from one of the reviewers here, a PJ fan, who classified Nothingman as an &quot;annoying&quot; song.   Hey buddy, ask anybody who has given Nothingman at least 5 listenings and they will tell you that it's an absolutely amazing song.   A perfect blend of excellent songwriting, Eddie Vedder's epic vocals and the band's rocking skills.
B00008NRL8|2.0|Maybe it works as backround music, or a soundtrack, but to simply sit there, and take these songs for what they are just doesn't cut it. Can someone please tell me what is so incredible about sampled tango tunes over boring, programmed drum beats.If you're expecting something innovative or fresh, you'll be dissapointed with something that sounds as bleak and uninspried as this.
B000089RVX|4.0|I haven't actually heard the full CD, just snippets from my friends and from amzon itself beofre buying. From what I have heard it is brilliant. I particularly like Bring Me To Life nad Imaginary, they are two brilliant tracks. Going Under is great too. If you like bands like T.a.T.u and Linkin Park then you'll like this alot. Although you may be like me, I am not a great fan of Linkin Park or T.a.T.u but I love this. My favourite is Robbie Williams and that is nothing like Evanescansce! To conclude, i just say that this CD is great and i have yet to meet someone who doesn't like it!
B00005T30L|5.0|This film is beautifully and uniquely crafted. From the deliciously colorful costumes and set designs, to the quirky, perfectly developed script, to the bordering on brilliant acting- ILOVETHISMOVIE. This is one of those rare films, that feels more like a relevation than anything else. It may take a while to get to you, but once it does, I swear it is one of those films that will never leave your heart+head+soul. I'm not gonna give you a depiction of the plot, because I hate doing that, and plus, I think you can get from other reviews a plots analysis. The thing that might get people turned off from this movie is the one simple fact that in this movie, practically nothing happens. That's right-you get no soft core love scenes, million dollar action thrills and special effects, overblown love stories/affairs.You just get a glimpse into the life of a couple of people living in a small, suburban town. That's it. They meet, they talk, they cry, they listen to music and visit bars. They have fights, and they feel lonely.If you can't stand watching a movie as real as that, then I suggest you stay away from Ghost World.With this movie, I think the director was trying  to show how not a lot has to happen to make people feel deeply. To show how everyday life can be so monotonous and blank,so scary and not worth living.It's not a depressing or boring movie, it's just a movie that depicts life. It's a movie about trying to find, if only just another human soul that you can connect with.<br />The musical score is amazing, especially the theme song which adds such a sad, fragile feel to the movie's cynical surface. <br />Scarlett Johansson is a great sidekick and deserved some more exposure in the film. Everything from her expressions and body language, to the timbre and inflections in her voice makes her captivating to watch. Thora Birch is  good as the heroine. There really is little sympathy expressed for her in this movie, and yet, inexplicably, you still find yourself feeling sorry for her.But Steve Buscemi, hands down, steals the show. The man is a genius, and his acting had me in shreds by the film's end.<br />This movie is also funny. Not in the roll over, laugh out loud kind of way that you would later share with your friends at lunch. More in the subtle, dry, witty kind of way that would make you smile coyly while watching the movie.<br />In conclusion, this movie isn't for everyone. I wish I could say it was, since it's so darn good in my view, but it's not. I can only imagine how many viewers would call it shallow, or monotonous. However, if you like sensitive films with a sad, melancholy undertone, and some dry wit thrown in, check out Ghost World. You could hate, or you could fall in absolute love with, as I have. In fact, it's one of the best films I've seen in recent memory.And, believe whatever you want to believe but Ghost World is in no way a teen movie. I doubt most adults would be able to feel it out.
B000001EXR|3.0|In my mind, Revenge stands as the last great KISS album.  It had a great sound and much more interesting content than typical KISS fare.  A bit of that carries over to Carnival of Souls, but the sound is much heavier, almost grunge like. No doubt Simmons and Stanley were at one point hoping to make a quick buck by exploiting the sound of the time, but by the time the album came out grunge had long come and gone.<br />In my opinion, the standout tracks on Carnival of souls are those written by Gene Simmons, the best being Childhood's End.  Hate, Seduction of the Innocent, I Confess, and I Walk Alone are also enjoyable, and work much better than Stanley's efforts.<br />Carnival of Souls is a long way from classic KISS, and it's most likely not going to be enjoyed by the casual KISS fan because of that.  None the less, it remains an interesting experiment with a few gems.
0312319517|5.0|Cal Dexter, the protagonist in Frederick Forsyth's fast moving adventure thriller, Avenger, is a multi faceted character.  Dexter, a small town New Jersey lawyer has deep blue collar roots.  He put himself through law school using the GI bill after serving multiple tours in Vietnam.  Acting as primarily a &quot;tunnel rat&quot;, his suicidal mission was to infiltrate the vast, booby trapped underground tunnel complexes fashioned by the Vietcong and inflict whatever damage was possible.<br />Dexter, a widower, had his happy family life destroyed by the kidnapping and subsequent murder of his daughter.  His beloved wife feeling responsible for the tragedy took her own life.  Making a new life for himself, while practicing law, he used his vast commando experience to become a clandestine and highly paid private tracker and secret agent.  Well known to the CIA and FBI by reputation and code name, he is recommended to Canadian nickel mining magnate, Steve Edmond.<br />Edmond, a self made multi millionaire commissions Dexter to avenge the death of Edmond's grandson Ricky Colenso.  Colenso, a moralistic college student had trekked to Bosnia to help distibute food to the masses ravaged by the civil war raging in the former Yugoslavia.  He had been apprehended and murdered by a pillaging Serbian marauder Zoran Zilic, a former chief enforcer for deposed Yugoslavian despot, Slobodan Milosevic.<br />Dexter was to bring Zilic to justice.  Unfortunately he was sequestered in a fortress like compound in the South American country of San Martin and under military protection.  Even worse, Zilic was an essential pawn in a CIA plot hatched by bigwig Paul Devereaux to trap Osama bin Laden.<br />Forsyth using present day history and government figures conjures up an extremely feasible plot with intricate and well thought out twists in this very worthy novel.
B00005JKC3|3.0|First the bad news; many times The Hulk looks like a CGI character. It's not likely that CGI actors are going to replace human ones anytime soon. While the CGI Hulk was able to do amazing things (leaping tall buildings in a single bound anyone?), he was never involving the way a human actor could be. Nick Nolte was waaayyy over the top as Bruce Banner's Dad. Ang Lee's film is too long at 2 hours and 18 minutes. Given the density of the narrative, it's clear it probably couldn't have been done in less time but with less subplots, the film might have worked a bit more effectively. I'm not saying too much plot is necessarily bad but it is when the central character and main story gets lost in the process.<br />Now the good news--The Hulk, despite it's many flaws, is an ambitious, interesting drama that provides a fresh spin on the Frankenstein story. While the film is hobbled by having to explain the origin story, Banner's childhood and the central conflict between Banner, the government and a mysterious multinational corporation (represented by Josh Lucas in a wonderfully oily performance), Ang Lee still manages to invest considerable emotion into this action drama. Although Lee isn't always successful at merging the action comic book genre with the Greek tragedy at the core of the story, I have to give him kudos for the effort.<br />Eric Bana gives a nicely shaded performance as Bruce Banner. It's clear that Bana is no fluke and is definitely an actor to watch. Every performance he's given has been distinctive and powerful. This is no exeception. Jennifer Connelly's dramatic talents are a bit wasted as Banner's ex-girlfriend fellow scientist. She gives a good performance but is little more than window dressing for much of the film. Josh Lucas is marvelous as Banner's evil doppleganger. His role, like Connelly's, is a bit underdeveloped given all the story crammed into this two hour plus feature. Sam Elliott gives a crisp, tightly wound performance as Connelly's father. He make a convincing military commander. Nick Nolte is a loon. His character looms over the film like a bad odor. It's clear that he's the catalyst for much of what occurs and Nolte clearly relishes playing the role over the top. Still, I had difficulty having much sympathy for him. He's not misunderstood just crazy as all get out.<br />Bruce Banner is a charming, brilliant scientist who has developed a new technology using nanobots to improve human health. His research has its dark side as well; there's considerable risk and dark military applications as well. During the course of an experiment, Banner sustains a blast of gamma radiation when he tries to save another researcher. While Banner should be dead he isn't because the blast of gamma radiation released the mean, green guy The Hulk. Turns out that Banner's real father was a scientist tinkering with genetics. Banner's father altered himself as part of his experiment and, in turn, Bruce. Daddy managed to turn himself into a monster and his poor son in the process.<br />Now the military commander overseeing his Dad's experiment becomes involved in Banner's world as well. Seems the military commander's (Sam Elliott)daughter is in love with Banner and working with him. Papa didn't like Banner before and likes him even less when he finds out he's the son of Banner senior.<br />The DVD looks great. Lee's stylized comic book panels look better on television than they did on the big screen for some reason. The resolution is sharp and there's few digital flaws marring the transfer. The sound makes full use of the 5.1 format.<br />The extras are included on both the first and second disc. There's a feature length commentary by director Ang Lee and also behind the scenes footage available to watch during the film when the extras icon is activated. There's also a number of deleted scenes (some completely finished others not quite). It's clear why Lee cut these; they don't provide an additional depth to the story although they do provide some nice moments for the actors.<br />The interactive exploration of the Hulk's physical capabilities was underdeveloped. There's also  background text on each actor in the main roles, director Lee, the screenwriters and producers of the film.<br />The second disc includes an Xbox game that allows you to play a level of The Hulk Xbox game released earlier in the year. There's also an interesting sequence where well known artists recreate key scenes from the film in their own animation styles. This was actually quite interesting to watch. The sequence that discusses the creation of the Dogfight scene is also quite interesting.<br />Although The Hulk underperformed in theaters, the film is quite good. It's clear that part of the problem was overhyper from Universal and an all too revealing sneak look at the main character himself. All the performances are top-notch particularly the underrated those by Eric Bana and Jennifer Connelly. Josh Lucas continues to create an impressive body of work as the bad guy. It's clear that Lee wanted to make a film with the same faithfulness and stylistic strength of Sam Raimi's Spiderman from 2002. Although he doesn't quite reach Raimi's film, The Hulk manages to be an interesting drama.though they do provide some nice moments for the actors. <br />The interactive exploration of the Hulk's physical capabilities was underdeveloped. There's also  background text on each actor in the main roles, director Lee, the screenwriters and producers of the film. <br />The second disc includes an Xbox game that allows you to play a level of The Hulk Xbox game released earlier in the year. There's also an interesting sequence where well known artists recreate key scenes from the film in their own animation styles. This was actually quite interesting to watch. The sequence that discusses the creation of the Dogfight scene is also quite interesting. <br />Although The Hulk underperformed in theaters, the film is quite good. It's clear that part of the problem was overhyper from Universal and an all too revealing sneak look at the main character himself. All the performances are top-notch particularly the underrated those by Eric Bana and Jennifer Connelly. Josh Lucas continues to create an impressive body of work as the bad guy. It's clear that Lee wanted to make a film with the same faithfulness and stylistic strength of Sam Raimi's Spiderman from 2002. Although he doesn't quite reach Raimi's film, The Hulk manages to be an interesting drama.
6305511055|5.0|Like Klute, this is one of those thinking man's movies that works because of the actors. Little violence, much drama. Robert Redford is believable here as a bookish CIA type, and Faye Dunaway is excellent as a beautiful woman we all see on the streets, but hiding behind large clothes and hats.<BR>I liked this movie a lot.<br />David Owens
B0000C4GQV|5.0|I have no idea when this album is supposed to hit stores in the US, but I already have it..so there. Guitarist Ahrue Luster left the band last year after recording 1999`s `The Burning Red`, and 2001`s `Supercharger` while in the fold. Both albums showed a band in an extremely experimantal state. The results were both compelling and repelling. I own both albums and frankly enjoy them, but after hearing TTAOE I find myself wondering just what they were doing. Through The Ashes Of Empires shows flashes of the previous two albums, but relies heavily on the brutality of 1995`s `Burn My Eyes` and 1997`s `The More Things Change`...and who said that was a bad thing? New axe man Phil Demmel (who was with vocal/guitar man Robb Flynn in Vio-lence) seems to have lit a fire under the band, because this album is about as subtle as a heart attack. David McClain`s drum work is absolutely off the charts, the mix by Colin Richardson is the classic MH sound that he helped engineer: god of thunder drums, and a wall of guitars. Robb Flynn`s voice sounds the best that it ever has, and his songwriting has taken yet another giant leap forward. Also bassist Adam Duce has returned to adding backing vocals, his contribution in that field has grown to adding trade off rants at key points, the results are effective to say the least. Kicking off with &quot;Imperium&quot;, as good of an album opener as they`ve ever played, which at one point features an Iron Maiden-like 2 guitar harmony. Flynn admitted that he finally will allow himself do such a thing. Through the 53 minutes of this disc, there are many surprises. &quot;Days Turn Blue To Gray&quot; features a breakdown in the middle that I can best describe as Coldplay with Dave Lombardo in the background. Let`s not forget &quot;Left Unfinished&quot; a song that displays Flynn`s love for his adopted parents, and a blistering resentment for his biological parents. There are too many great moments in this album for me to accurately describe. My advice to you is to get a hold of this album any way you can. This is by no means some Limp Bizkit-like attempt to be cool with `da kids`. This is serious, grown-ups metal.This band is not by any means back, they never left...you people just never noticed...shame on you
B000001EHS|4.0|I really do not have a whole lot to say about this album that has not already been said by most who reviewed it except to agree.<br />It is a good compilation, but not a complete one.<br />I think a two disc set would have been better. Whitesnake did so as have the Scorpions and a few other bands. With a two disc set, you can have your more &quot;pop&quot; songs combined with your heavier songs and make a true complete &quot;best of&quot; set.<br />But, if you are a new rock fan looking to discover who Def Leppard is. This is a good place to start. But, this is not, or should not be, the place you stop. There are a lot of great songs that didn't make the disc. So, explore and enjoy!
B00008MZ0N|1.0|The whole movie is just Horrible.  Vin Diesel is the worst actor that has ever hit the big screen.  Paul Walker isn't any better.  The movie is predicatable and just not good.  Don't waste your money on this one.
B000001ESJ|3.0|I have heard better Rush albums then A Farewell To Kings, but there is certantly nothing ng wrong with this one. 'Farewell To Kings' 'Xanadu' 'Cenderella Man' and the Classic 'Closer TO The Heart' are all great Rush songs, but heres were it lacks! the last to tracks 'Madrigal' and 'Cygnus X-1' are well, there not the best songs in the world. 'Madrigal' is just boring and I know its supposed to be a pretty love song but I think it is lacking everwhere. And 'Cygnus X-1' gets old after a while it is supposed to be and epic but it really isnt. 'Farewell to Kings' is about what the next generation will think of us, and from what I can tell its not good. 'Xanadu' Is just an all around great song. 'Cenderella Man' is probly my Favorite song on this album, I dont know why but I think it has what all the other songs are lacking. Now onto 'Closer To The Heart' this might have been Rush's biggest hit, I know its there most popular, and for good reason it is a great song with great lyrics to boot.
2070360024|5.0|You either love it or hate it.  The only way to read it is in French.  The last sentence blew me away.
B000001ESN|5.0|Permanant Waves to me is Rush in there most exceptable, well to the mainstream anyway. with huge hits singles like 'The Sprit Of The Radio' and 'Free Will&quot; its no surprize Rush gained a large fan bass after this.  'Jacobs Ladder' is my favorite song on the album I think it rocks the hardest and it doesnt have way to much synth. 'Entre Nous' well I really dont know if it was hit or not but this is classic RUsh at its best, this is really a great song! 'Natural Science' isnt my favorite song on the album, I can never really get into it but everyone else seems to love it though. Starting with Permanant Waves Rush blasted in to the mainstream because the started to make mainstream music, and got away fromall the guitar driven rock, and all the 10 minute epics and made more radio frendly music, this is a Rush classic that no fan should be with out!
B0000020C4|5.0|Colm Wilkinson, Michael Ball, Lea Salonga, and the best performers ever for Les Mis -- all in one recording!  Grab your copy now!
B0000C9ZLD|3.0|I'm completely sick of hearing people whine and moan about how the strokes are pretty boys, the strokes are derivative, the strokes are not rock saviors... you need to stop reading corporate tabloid hype rags like spin + rolling stone and try just listening to the music itself. When you do you find that it is samey, lyrically shallow, frequently annoying, and yet ridiculously catchy and often totally inspiring in a meat and potatoes kind of way. Of course these guys aren't rock saviors but if you didn't swallow hype you never would've entertained that possibility in the first place and therefore would not be so let down by a very enjoyable band to listen to. This album is very melodic, very tightly played, and has enough guitar complexity to satisfy most ROCK! fans. If your gonna be mad about anything, be mad about the fact that they have so much talent and exposure yet have nothing to say at all in a time period when we need intelligent, &quot;world-concerned&quot; type artists more than ever, that's a waste! then again that's why &quot;god&quot; made radiohead. buy it, burn it, love it, hate it, just stop whining!
0312319517|5.0|Reminiscent of Forsyth's earlier triumphs, AVENGER breaks out of modern pack of thrillers as classic tale of vengeance wrapped around a world wind tour of late 20th century history.  From the remarkable story of the shadowy operations of the US Army's \\"tunnel rats\\" in Viet Nam, to the Bosnia and Kosovo wars, and finally the overlooked jungles of northern South America, Forsyth tells the story of Cal Dexter, a protagonist with a much more interesting vocation than the small town attorney he seems to be.<br />As in the best of Forsyth's works, AVENGER uses historical facts and actual events as the backdrop for compelling fiction.  In this case, Dexter, a freelance contract bounty hunter, is tasked with tracking down a Serbian thug suspected of the brutal murder of a young America volunteer in Bosnia.  It is remarkable how easily Forsyth is able to unravel complexities of the breakdown of the former Yugoslavian state, weaving the ethic and religious tensions into the factional storyline.  Ditto for the flashback to Viet Nam, as the terrifying missions of young Dexter's days as a \\"tunnel rat\\" come full circle to mesh with the conclusion.  Others have noted that AVENGER is no DAY OF THE JACKAL, but while AVENGER may lack the depth of political intrigue of JACKAL, it compensates in adrenalin and nearly constant action.  For the reader who prefers a bit of education with their adventure, AVENGER is not to be missed.
B00005CDNI|4.0|ABBA always had a flare for the melodramatic. The vast bulk of their output is either embarrasingly soppy or just plain dull. \\"Voulez-Vous\\", however, is a surpring exception. While it does feature some bad moments ('Chiquitita', 'Does Your Mother Know' - Bjorn should never sing! - 'I Have a Dream', 'Summer Night City' and 'Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! [A Man After Midnight]) the remaining eight tracks are slick, stylish commercial disco at it's very best.<br />Anni-Frid is the vocal star of these remaining songs: she's downright sexy on both 'The King Has Lost His Crown' and 'Lovers (Live a Little Longer)' - the warmth of her vocals well suited to the sultry nature of the music. Agnetha delivers with Nordic coolness on the closing number 'Kisses of Fire' and burns up on 'As Good As New'. Both girls come together in blissful harmony on 'If it Wasn't for the Nights', 'Angeleyes' and the title cut, never overdoing it (well, a little on 'Angeleyes') like they do on most of their other collaborations.<br />Of the bonus selections, only 'Lovelight' fits into the context of the record. 'Summer Night City' lacks the style and polish of the other songs, while 'Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! (A Man After Midnight)' is too polished, sounding almost mechanical. Not surprisingly the former was released months before \\"Voulez-Vous\\" was released, while the latter was recorded afterwards.<br />Eight out of thirteen isn't bad, particularly for this non-ABBA fan. If you're wanting to get into ABBA's music, it's not a good place to start - a hits package, namely \\"ABBA Gold\\" is a great place for beginners. But if you want something sharp, funky yet not too funky, disco yet not too disco, get \\"Voulez-Vous\\", program out the duds, and you've got yourself the perfect pick-me-up or great background music for doing the dishes to!
B00005JKC3|1.0|I didn't finish this movie. I couldn't stand the way it was shot, i guess trying to be a comic book or something. It was way too distracting. The Hulk when he finally appeared, looked horrible, i've seen better animation on South Park. This is the worst comic-book adaptation i've ever seen. The part with the dogs was incredibly stupid looking. I like how the constantly keep The Hulk in the shadows many times, hiding the bad effects and the fact the Hulk looked and acted nothing like the lead actor: they seemed unconnected, even though there the same person. And how about the storyline?, whoooaaaaa, is this magnolia or a comic book hero? lets stick to the source material guys.  1/2 a star. at least that gorgeous Brilliant Mind actress was in it.
B00005JLYW|2.0|I'm not sure why Roger Ebert hated the first one, yet he was softer on this one eventhough he didn't recommend it. The first wasn't great don't get me wrong but it was still superior. The Matrix wannabe action was cool even if it didn't make sense that they can dodge bullets when they actually aren't inside the Matrix. In this one though it's even more silly though. I mean dodging bullets when you're jumping in the air on a motorcycle ?  It's funny finding a movie entertaining but lame at the same time. That's a weird combo lol. I guess when you have Cameron Diaz, Drew Barrymore, Luci Luu and Demi Moore in one movie, it's just hard to hate it, well when you're a guy anyway lol. They all are having fun and they at least make the movie watchable.<br />  I must say I hated the whole Cape Fear spoof thing though with Drew's ex con/ex b/f getting out of prison to get revenge on her. It just didn't work and was like is this an action movie or a spoof ?  Bernie Mac as Billy Murrie's brother who has the same name as him doesn't work either. The first didn't have much of a plot don't get me wrong but next to this one it had a great script. This one was actually even more over the top in silliness than the first one.
B0000E5NPZ|5.0|Premminger was a superb director who was greatly appreciated in his day but for some reason is relatively ignored today. Bonjour Tristesse is by far his best and most underrated film, it is a melodrama of sorts but if you're a fan of Douglas Sirk movies like Imitation of Life and Written On The wind then you will love this. Based on the novel of the same name by Francoise Sagan, (apparently regarded as the French`Catcher in the Rye') it's an intelligent and moving film about a daughter,(Seberg) jealous of her father's, (Niven) new lover, (Deborah Kerr.) <br />There's much more to this movie than meets the eye. A black and white present day with the past in colour, the relationship between Seberg and Niven, dubiously close and intimate, the countryside and woods in front of the house, haunting and almost surreal in their depiction. Jean Luc Goddard was apparently a huge fan, Seberg's character in Tristesse was imagined as a continuation in A Bout De Souffle. Deeply moving, intelligent and beautiful, it's an absolute classic that will grow in stature, the Premminger reappraisal begins with this movie.
B00005JKC3|3.0|Although the Hulk isn't your typical comic book movie that you could watch over and over again like Spiderman it's still good. It's slow and  doesn't have as much action as you'd expect. It does have a nice science fiction tone to it though. It reminded me of some of those science fiction movies from the 80's. Sorta like Altered States with William Hurt or even Darkman. It's more like those movies than it is like the old tv show. I mean it has that plot where a scientist transformed from science and his g/f is trying to save him.<br />  When he does transform it gets silly once he starts jumping from mountain to mountain. I don't know if he had a super jumping ability in the tv show or the comic but it's pretty silly. The movie had too many scenes with him just jumping around too. It may of worked for Ang Lee to have people jumping and flying in Crouching Tigar, Hidden Dragon but it doesn't work in the Hulk. Also when a helacopters are chasing him around, it reminded me too much of that bad 1998 Godzilla movie. The Hulk looks too cartoonish too. They should have just colored the WWE's Brock Lesner green lol.<br />  I still liked it though, some of the action was fun such as the Hulk vs super genetic dogs. The performances by Eric Bana \\"Black Hawke Down\\", Nick Nolte, Jennifer Connely and Sam Elliot are all strong. I hope that the sequel is more focused and has more action though. Hey X-Men 2 was better than the first one so maybe Hulk 2 will be better as well.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|The matrix reloaded is simply a great movie which any fan of action or sci-fi movies should own.I dont understand why this movie has gotten so many negative reviews.There are many petty and pointless complaints like this scene was too long or the rave scene.I agree that some of the scenes should of being cut shorter,but thats a very minor complaint which does not detract from this movies greatness.The visual effects were beyond superb and the action scenes were done well.The plot gets thicker and more secrets are revealed which leads to exciting drama throughout the movie.Most of the people who gave this movie negative reviews probably did not understand many things which were said in the movie.I had to watch this movie like 5 times to get a good understanding of the complicated dialogue of the movie.I cant wait to see revolutions.Anyway,give this movie a chance to grow on you.BUY IT TODAY!!!
B0000C9ZLD|4.0|Let me make one thing clear. The Strokes are not the King/Saviors/Future of Rock &amp; Roll. Yet. But from what I'm hearing, I think they're on to something. On the bare surface, The Stroke's music may seem, to some people,  a little stupid, a little too passive and not very complex or special or any way. But after a couple of listens they start to really grow on you...there's something in those songs that makes them special. It's really hard to explain, but you end up feeling that this band a lot more than what they appear to be on the surface. They kind of remind me of a trendy New York night club version of Nirvana, trading the screaming and loud guitar for submissive mumbling and fast paced rhythmic strums on an oddly toned axe.<br />I liked Is This It, but I like this album better. The Strokes didn't change much, but there are definately a few places where they push the music a little more. I really like Reptilia and 12:51. And I would highly recommend this album.
B000000H3Z|5.0|This is the bands second best album next to the unstoppable arise.Beneath the remains is a very important album for the band and thrash metal history.This is the album which made Sepultura known throughout the US and the rest of the world.Songs on this album are lightning fast and heavy,but can slow down as in the song inner self.Very good guitar work by the jungle boys and awesome drumming from one of the best drummers in thrash Igor Cavalera.Max Cavaleras vocals are not the best here but they are a real progression from their previous albums.All in all,this is a great and unforgetable album which no sepultura fan should miss.
B00007LTIB|5.0|Yes was in an interesting state when they created this album. Rick Wakeman had left the band due to the avant-guarde jazz-rock style that Yes was progressing toward, and they recruited keyboardist Patrick Moraz to fill his shoes. This may possibly be Yes at their most complex, definitely at their most intense and creative. Moraz really added to the band. Yes was progressing, and it was looking very good. The new chaotic style is obvious right from the first track &quot;The Gates Of Delirium&quot;. This is an excellent album, one of their best, but new Yes fans should start with The Yes Album or Fragile.
B000000H5K|3.0|This album is nowhere near the level of the classic chaos ad.The songs sound okay but are simply not memorable.They are experimenting too much with having a tribal sound and this takes away from their thrash roots.Roots has more of a numetal sound to it and they are simply not a thrash band anymore.Max cavaleras voice sounds like he is simply screaming and is at its worst here.Some people may like this album,but I dont feel its worthy of my cd collection.Thats it for now.Peace.
B00009ATIX|5.0|First of all, why do all of the people who are waiting for Diehard- 9 to come out feel compelled to tell us how bored they were with this film.<BR>It's not your cup of tea, fine, keep it to yourself.<BR>And the criticism that it doesn't explain enough is such a shallow criticism. Inspiring wonder and firing your imagination is what great art is supposed to do. It's like saying I don't want to see the great pyramids unless someone can tell me exactly how they were built. Tieing things up in neat little packages isn't great art and for that matter isn't even real life.<BR> <BR>I found this film thoroughly engrossing on so many levels and am not surprised at all, considering the reality TV that most Americans subsist on, that it didn't go over here. For one thing, I almost never watch a movie twice but I couldn't wait to watch Solaris again and discovered even more layers upon second viewing which inspired more fascinating thoughts-questions about the nature of mortality, love, religion and the human condition. It also really struck an emotional nerve about loss which I suspect makes some people uncomfortable. But it's all done with such grace and poetry from the acting to the cinematography to the haunting musical score. I only wish there were more filmmakers as courageous as Soderbergh who aren't afraid to make a film that speaks quietly and holds to the maxim- still waters run deep.
B00005JKC3|1.0|This movie (which I bought for a ridiculous price of 19.99) is the worst movie ever!  It bored everyone in the house to the point where we had to turn it off.  It was all dream sequences, and no action.  The acting was horrible.  Don't but it, don't rent it, stay far far away from it.  I should have read the reviews on Amazon before I bought it.
B00000K19E|4.0|Bueno, empecemos por lo básico: esto no es Star Wars, por lo tanto voy a ser lo más venenoso posible.<br />Empecemos por el guión, que probablemente sea lo mejor que tiene la película: Neo (Keanu Reeves) descubre (en realidad, Morpheus se lo hace descubrir) que la realidad que él conoce no es tal, sino un programa de computadora llamado The Matrix, creado por las máquinas para absorber la energía de los humanos en el mundo real, donde todos están durmiendo en cápsulas. The Matrix es controlada por los Agentes, siendo Smith (genialmente interpretado por Hugo Weaving) el mas mortífero de todos. Éstos secuestran a Morpheus, para que les de el código de acceso a Zion, la última ciudad de los humanos, que se encuentra cerca del núcleo de la Tierra, y así poder invadirla y destruirla. Es por eso que Neo y Trinity (Carrie Anne Moss) entran a The Matrix, y salvan a Morpheus. Las creencias de éste eran ciertas: Neo es el Elegido. Luego de descubrir esto, Neo elimina al Agent Smith, y ganan los buenos. Como siempre...<BR>El guión no tiene prácticamente ningún error, salvo por una cuestión un tanto complicada: Según dicen por ahí, THE MATRIX ES UN COMPLETO ROBO A &quot;THE INVISIBLES&quot;, de Grant Morrison, comic que fue publicado por Vertigo, imprint de DC Comics, hace unos años. Si desean más información sobre esto, pueden escuchar en FM 90.3 Cadena Eco (sólo en Argentina), &quot;Comiqueando por el Aire&quot;, los viernes de 20 a 22 hs. Si sos de otro país, podés escucharlo a través de [...]<br />A pesar de haber ganado el Oscar a los mejores efectos especiales en el año 1999, éstos no son tan espectaculares como se dice. Son muy buenos, sí. El efecto Bullet-Time es excelente, y millones de películas lo han copiado. Pero hay cosas que no terminan de cerrar. Como cuando Trinity se tira de un edificio a otro, y da una vuelta en el aire. Esa escena es horrible, y no es para nada creíble. Otra escena muy fea es la de la cuchara. Se nota DEMASIADO que la cuchara es producto del CGI. No es creíble. Realmente no sé por qué esta película le ganó el Oscar a Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace.<br />La música compuesta por Don Davis es realmente magnífica. No decepciona. En los créditos finales se puede escuchar &quot;Wake Up&quot; de Rage Against The Machine. Una joya...<BR>Pero bueno, no le llegan a los talones al maestro, al dios de la música incidental: John Williams.<br />¿Qué más? Bueno, no mucho. La película no falla, es divertida de principio a final. Te hace pensar bastante sobre la existencia humana, sobre cuál es nuestro fundamento, y un montón de cosas más. Copada, pero como dije al principio esto no es Star Wars. Una pena que Neo y Agent Smith no peleen con Sables de Luz...
B00005JMFR|3.0|Reloaded wasn't as good as the first one, some sexual scences destroyed the true image of Matrix and changed it to just some sort of high special effected interesting movie wich you can't watch it more than 2 or max. 3 times. (I'had seen the Matrix more than 15 times).<BR>Watch it and enjoy, if you want to buy the dvd do it but remember that the next year there will be a matrix boxed set.
B00009P1O5|1.0|One can only hope that \\"Rapid Transit\\" and \\"T-Bone\\" are self-parody. I read that his major concern when the album was Re*Cord*Ed was to play the \\"Loudest f***ing thing\\" that he could. If you want to complete your Young collection, I recommend making this one your last purchases. There are too many good ones to waste your money on this one.
B000089RVR|5.0|The second album from Dido, \\"Life For Rent\\", has proven her to be one of the most talented singer/songwriters today. The album is quite different from her first success \\"No Angel\\", however it's just as brilliant. Dido's tone creates perfect rolling melodies and sweet harmonies, adding a mellow background different to that of \\"No Angel\\". Songs like \\"Stoned,\\" and \\"Don't Leave Home\\" combine this sound with darker, more mature lyrics, creating a juxtaposing texture of soul bearing lyrics and glorious sweet sounds. \\"Who Makes You Feel\\" adds to this technique with a stand out sexiness brought out with backing vocals and a swelling passion that pulls the listener into Dido's new world of sound. This maturity carries throughout the album with songs like \\"Do You Have A Little Time\\" and \\"See You When You're 40\\", which shows us that Dido's music moves with her on her journey throughout life. The title track and second single, \\"Life For Rent\\" and \\"This Land Is Mine\\" are laden with folky stylings that continue to take us to a much more distant place than \\"No Angel\\". The flowing beauty of \\"See The Sun\\" layers folky tunes with a deep, synthesised glowing beat that creeps up to an overwhelming, spine tingling climax (did I mention sexy?) With songs such as \\"Mary's In India\\" and the hidden track \\"Closer\\", Dido shows us that by keeping the music simplistic and allowing her voice to shine through, the true beauty and sweetness within it can be released. Dido has displayed her outstanding talent of combining her incredible lyrics, and her exploration of brilliant new sounds and techniques in \\"Sand In My Shoes\\"  as well as throughout the whole album and showcases it with her first single, \\"White Flag\\". \\"Life For Rent\\" is a truly extraordinary album.
B00006RU5B|5.0|from start to finish this cd is awesome. from the popular cochise and show me how to live and like a stone, everything is wonderful! some of the slow songs are kinda boring, but there are only 2 or 3 really slow songs on the cd. morello on guitar is just amazing.
B00008XEOI|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite movies and this set is well worth the extra money. The story (for those who have been living under a rock) is about a young lion cub who will one day be king of his pride. His uncle schemes to get rid of him and his father so he can claim the throne. Pride Rock wilts under his command and finally young Simba returns to reclaim his throne and avenge his fathers death. Some people feel it is too violent for children. I disagree completely. This film shows the relationship between all animals and the balance of nature. It deals with death in a very touching and poignant way. There are a few scenes with the animals fighting but it never gets out of hand. It is made very dramatic by the amazing soundtrack. Our children see more violence every day with Powerpuff girls, wrestling and the likes. It is a great film to watch with your children and discuss life and death and how the world is balanced. It explains how we are all part of the 'Circle of Life'.<br />This set is extraordinary because of its extras. It has two versions of the movie, a few games to play, a safari and many other features. I haven't even explored all of the features yet. The book adds to the fun of the movie and gives you a  good behind the scenes look at the film. Also included are adorable drawings of the main characters. This is all packaged in a box that will fit on any DVD rack (unlike my collecters edition of ET which comes in a huge box). This is one of the greatest Disney films ever made and well worth the price for the collectors set. It will be one you'll be glad you purchased.
B00009TB5G|4.0|The Two Towers probably earned less than four stars, but it receives them, carried by the novel it is adapted from and the film adaptation of Fellowship which proceeded it. <br />Certainly, as Sam Cable points out below, there are egregious errors in this production. Most disappointing was the artificial excorcism of Saruman from Theoden.<br />Still, this film was adapted from a great story and that story wasn't entirely lost in the facile theatrics introduced in number two. I hope to see a more faithful reproduction of Tolkein's work in the upcoming Return of the King
B00009V8Z9|5.0|I highly recommend this CD to pretty much everyone but especially to those who loved Jason Mraz'a &quot;Waiting for my Rocket to Come&quot; and/or John Mayer's &quot;Heavier Things&quot; and &quot;Room for Squares.&quot;<BR>Gavin Degraws talent is fully shown on this CD. His amazing guitar and piano solos blow you away but nothing compares to the lyrics. On songs like &quot;Crush&quot; which take you back to all your school day crushes, the lyrics are so poetical. My favorite song on this CD is &quot;I Don't Wanna Be&quot; which is now the theme song for &quot;One Tree Hill&quot; <BR>This Album is a great debut and definitely grammy winning material. If you don't already have this CD you should pick it up and ENJOY!
B000002MP2|5.0|Green days is my all time favorite band ever. This cd is the best. I love it, every single song is good. you should definatly check it out. and i cant spell. <br />1. Burnout- this is a great song. 5/5<BR>2. Having a Blast- One of my favorite songs on the album. 5/5<BR>3. Chump- great song, kinda funny in a way, 4/5  <BR>4. Longview- great song. Its kinda overplayed on the radio and all, but its sill good. 5/5 <BR>5. Welcome to Paradise- this gets on my nerves at times, but its really good. 5/5<BR>6. Pulling Teeth- yay pulling teeth. this is great song 5/5         <BR>7. Basket Case- One of my favorites. Great song!! 5/5         <BR>8. She- this is a nice song. billie joe's voice sounds totally different on this song than others on this cd. well kinda...but its awesome. 5/5         <BR>9. Sassafras Roots- this is a repetitive song. They pretty much talk about wasting time. but its good 4/5    <BR>10. When I Come Around- yet again, overplayed on the radio. still awesome 5/5          <BR>11. Coming Clean- good song. 4/5          <BR>12. Emenius Sleepus- Great song, writtin by Mike. i like this alot. 4.5/5     <BR>13. In the End- good song. like it alot 4/5         <BR>14. F.O.D.- the begining is kinda slow, but then the end just kinda pops up and its awesome!! 5/5<br />then there is this hidden track after F.O.D. Its called &quot;All By Myself&quot; that is a funny voice. oh man is Billie Joe's voice hillarious...its great.
B000060P79|4.0|Simple Plan captures nicely--and perhaps takes to extremes--the emotion felt by adolescents on the edge of adulthood, when it seems to them that the world is falling on them, that their lives are the worst ever lived, and that they are alone and stand little chance of establishing any emotional connection with anyone.  Combine that with catchy melodies, good vocals, and a nice beat, and Simple Plan has come up with a, um, simple plan for talking to the darkness and insecurity that lurks in the heart of everyone from junior high through college age, and even older.<br />  Each of the songs takes the point of view of a lonely kid who has reached the edge of adulthood, only to find that things aren't all they were cracked up to be.  It may be a kid who can't find or who has lost a girlfriend (&quot;Addicted&quot; or &quot;Meet You There&quot;), or who has entered the working world and feels the loss of childhood (&quot;The Worst Day Ever&quot;)or whose parental relationships have frayed in bitterness (&quot;Perfect&quot; or &quot;One Day&quot;).  But each kid is alone, without anyone to share his hurt, and without much ability to put his hurt into perspective, therefore such titles as &quot;The Worst Day Ever&quot; and &quot;God Must Hate Me&quot; (decried in some reviews) do sum up what the person is feeling--and what we sometimes feel in our hearts, however grown up we may happen to be.<br />  Contains two bonus tracks from the earlier version of the CD, which are songs much more juvenile than the others, &quot;One By One&quot;, and &quot;Grow Up&quot; (the character doesn't wanna).<br />  Each song uses simple, often powerful language, to express the depression and angst.  Yet, on balance, we feel that the characters are going to get past this.  There is no sense that the kids are going to spiral downwards with drugs, crime, or other self-destructive behavior.  The lonely kid will eventually find his girl, the kid bitter at his relationship with his parents will eventually find an adult relationship with them.<br />  Perhaps the most powerful song, though, interestingly, the fourth released as a single, is &quot;Perfect&quot;, the song of a kid addressing his dad (most likely in his mind), and grieving over the formerly good relationship they had which has turned sour.  The words are alternately bitter, sad, and hurtful, until at last the kid comes to terms with the fact that the relationship is gone, and all he can do is go on with his life despite his dad's disapproval of the way he's living it.  It is powerful stuff, and perhaps a broader age range can relate to this particular song.<br />  Simple Plan has struck a chord with this CD.  I suspect, though, that there is a limit to how far they can delve into teen angst with any degree of success.  I await their second album (Spring 2004) with interest.
1559408898|5.0|Before \\"Robocop\\" displays its extreme violence in a parade of bullets and blood, it opens with a newsbreak that details a world on the verge of disaster and a city out of control, Detroit.  While the world deals with Star Wars, impending Nucleur doom and war, Detroit deals with drugs, rampant violent crime and corporate scum who control the police, hospital system and prisons.  The one bit of actual integrity is the police, who still go out on the streets to try to find some order in the choas.<br />Now, \\"Robocop\\" is never as serious as I put on.  That newsbreak and corporate scum is scathing satire that prevails throughout the film on 1980s' America, hitting close to home.  Everything is privitized, the world on the edge of disaster and America riddled in crime and decadence.  Man in the future isn't pretty.<br />The police however, are trying to do some good in this world.  One of their men, Murphy (Peter Weller) ends up being shot to pieces by crime boss Clarence Bodiger (Kurtwood Smith) and his cohorts in one of films' most graphic sequences.  But Murphy returns, sort of, as Robcop, one of the company OCPs' projects to try to clean up crime (but only for a company project called Delta City).  Murphy, however, is still holding some of his shattered humanity, and when he learns of who exactly killed him, he goes on a revenge mission to find them.  He encouters Bodiger and his cohorts in a cocaine plant and an old abadoned steel mill, each attempts to kill each other.  <br />Besides that satire, director Paul Verhoeven is the films' insatiable and bloody energy, showing his fetish proudly for lots and lots of bloodshed.  But editor Frank Urioste and cinematographer Jost Vocano are the bulk of the reason why \\"Robocop\\" is a fluid, fast-paced action flick.  And writers Ed Neumier (who also signed on as executive producer) and Michael Miner make \\"Roocop\\" an intelligent and pessimistic view of the future.
B00006C79E|3.0|If you were one of the lucky few who caught the &quot;Finisterre&quot; tour in the U.S., you may have an appreciation for this record that those of us who didn't (including myself) wouldn't have.  You see, to promote this record, the group mounted an unambitious 5-city, 8-night North American tour.  Unfortunately, the experience of missing the group's one-night-only show in Los Angeles left me a bit cold about this record, but also provided me with the biggest criticism I have of it.  While &quot;Finisterre&quot; is likeable and listenable, it's all familiar, comfortable territory for a band which always seemed to enjoy sampling an eclectic diet of musical genres on its past albums.  If the band really wanted to convince us about its craft and communicate to us what this collection of songs meant to them, they would've made more of an effort promoting it, especially Stateside.<br />Strong tracks like &quot;Action&quot; and &quot;Stop and Think It Over,&quot; which feature the best vocals we've ever heard from chanteuse Sarah Cracknell, are mingled in with stuff we've heard this band do before.  &quot;Soft Like Me&quot; evokes memories of &quot;Calico&quot; off of &quot;So Tough.&quot;  The instrumental tracks sound like they were intended for the band's Brian Eno homage, &quot;Sound of Water.&quot;<br />Really, I feel this band is at a creative crossroads of sorts.  They can go on being &quot;good ole 3-star Saint Etienne&quot; forever, but with a little more effort (and a few more tour stops), the band can truly convince us of their pop craft.  Until next time, I guess.  P.S.: the narrated links between songs is simply a dreadful, pretentious misfire.  I strongly suggest burning the CD with the spoken word stuff edited out.
B00005RJ1U|3.0|This movie was OK.  It is not really that scary after you have seen it once.  This movie has really NO point to it.
B000075BFL|5.0|This is True Hip-Hop. 2Pac has to be the best rapper there ever was and ever will be, and nobody can match up to him. This is agreat album with great lyrics, and bangin beats. On Disc 1, there isn't a single song that I don't listen to, they are all great,and a few standouts are Still Ballin, When We Ride On our Enemies, Thugs Mansion with the Nas acoustic, Mama's Just A Little Girl, Fair Xchange, and Whatcha Gonna Do, but the whole disc is tight. Disc 2 is not as good as 1, but comes close. Just like disc 1, it has awesome lyrics and bangin beats. Standouts are My Block Remix, Never Call You B###h again, This Life I Lead, Catchin Fellins, and fame. I don't really care for Military Minds, or Fair Xchange remix(Regular version is better), or There U Go, but this is still tight. If you are a true Hip-hop fan you should cop this album right now, are else you are not a fan. This is a classic!! I would recommend the unedited version if you can get it, because this CD has lots of curse words and the editing is horrible. I have to get the edited version because I'ma kid, my mom won't let me. But this is still a classic! R.I.P. Tupac!
B00008H2LB|3.0|this is a fine cd. It just lacks the feeling Hybrid had. Hybrid theory gave you emotion in every single song while this one just doesn't have the feeling. With that said, it is still MUCH better than the other &quot;pop metal&quot; stuff out there like limp bizkit, evanesence, korn, and all that other stuff. Hybrid was one of my favorite cd's of all time, this is just average. If you like Linkin Park buy it. If you've never heard Linkin Park, get Hybrid Theory instead.
B000008COG|4.0|15 yrs old and one of the better albums they produced.  Yes I said it!  This IS one of the three or four best albums that AC/DC ever made.
630522577X|5.0|I really, truly hope that the success of MOULIN ROUGE and CHICAGO will help revive the musical.  Many of the first sound films ever made were musicals, and there is no obvious reason why they went away.  Moreover, there is a wealth of musical talent among actors today.  Kevin Spacey and Hugh Jackman, for instance, are enormously talented, and Mandy Patinkin is a major stage musical talent, yet has never been able to make a film musical.<br />All of which is to say, films like MY FAIR LADY should be made again.  Perhaps not this particular kind of story, but a musical more akin to the needs and tastes of the early 21st century.<br />MY FAIR LADY is a great, great screen musical, but it could have been even better, and it almost was made a lot worse.  The production itself is superb, striking just the right tone and atmosphere throughout, and one has to love the set and art design.  But the film was subject to a number of bizarre casting decisions.  The most famous surrounded Audrey Hepburn rather than Julie Andrews being cast as Eliza Doolittle.  I am tremendously conflicted by this.  On the one hand, I am a huge Audrey Hepburn fan, and I love her work in this film.  Although for the most part her singing was dubbed by the incomparable Marni Nixon (it is fascinating to hear the outtakes of Hepburn's own singing, which, while not up to the level of Nixon's, was much, much better than Natalie Wood's singing in WEST SIDE STORY, which Nixon also dubbed), she acted her role superbly, and it is hard for me to imagine anyone else playing the role.  On the other hand, Julie Andrews did originate the role, and while the studio didn't want her in the film because she wasn't a star.  Ironically, Andrews would in the same year make MARY POPPINS, and be nominated for and win the Oscar for Best Actress.  Audrey Hepburn would not even be nominated, and many feel that this was payback for the studio not giving the role to Andrews, who clearly had earned the right to the part.  Still, I can't say that casting Audrey Hepburn was a mistake.  (Interestingly, Julie Andrews and Marni Nixon would appear together shortly afterwards in THE SOUND OF MUSIC, with Nixon playing a Nun.)<br />More perplexing, however, were other casting deliberations.  It seems inconceivable that anyone other than Rex Harrison could play Henry Higgins, yet the studios considered other actors.  Among many others, Cary Grant and George Sanders were both considered for the film.  Grant was actually quite a good singer, and although he never made film musicals, had performed in a number of musical productions before entering the movies.  Still, the thought of Grant singing versus Harrison's inimitable spoken performances of his songs does not make one wish Grant had gotten the role.  Harrison is so perfect that one imagines his playing the role an act of fate.  Almost as amazing is the fact that Warner Brothers contemplated having James Cagney play Alfred P. Doolittle rather than Stanley Holloway, who played the role on Broadway.  Again, I love Cagney, but the role belongs to Holloway.  Having anyone else star in the role would have lessened the film.<br />So, in the end, while one might feel regret that Julie Andrews was left out of the production (though paradoxically happy that Audrey Hepburn was included), the cast of MY FAIR LADY ended up close to perfect.  And with the wonderful performances, the great sets, the extraordinary songs (including my favorite, &quot;The Street Where You Live&quot;), and the marvelous costumes, what room for complaint is there?ll, I can't say that casting Audrey Hepburn was a mistake.  (Interestingly, Julie Andrews and Marni Nixon would appear together shortly afterwards in THE SOUND OF MUSIC, with Nixon playing a Nun.)<br />More perplexing, however, were other casting deliberations.  It seems inconceivable that anyone other than Rex Harrison could play Henry Higgins, yet the studios considered other actors.  Among many others, Cary Grant and George Sanders were both considered for the film.  Grant was actually quite a good singer, and although he never made film musicals, had performed in a number of musical productions before entering the movies.  Still, the thought of Grant singing versus Harrison's inimitable spoken performances of his songs does not make one wish Grant had gotten the role.  Harrison is so perfect that one imagines his playing the role an act of fate.  Almost as amazing is the fact that Warner Brothers contemplated having James Cagney play Alfred P. Doolittle rather than Stanley Holloway, who played the role on Broadway.  Again, I love Cagney, but the role belongs to Holloway.  Having anyone else star in the role would have lessened the film.<br />So, in the end, while one might feel regret that Julie Andrews was left out of the production (though paradoxically happy that Audrey Hepburn was included), the cast of MY FAIR LADY ended up close to perfect.  And with the wonderful performances, the great sets, the extraordinary songs (including my favorite, &quot;The Street Where You Live&quot;), and the marvelous costumes, what room for complaint is there?
B0000009S3|5.0|I bought this album when it originally came out on vinyl.  I thought it was amazing then, and it still sounds as fresh today as it did over thrity years ago!<br />I remember how stunned I felt, almost ten years ago, when I heard that Frank Zappa had died.  It was an international tragedy!  Zappa was unique.  He was irreplaceable.  There was no one else in his league!<br />Zappa could do it all, and do it all well.  He could sing, play excellent guitar, write lyrics, and, most importantly, WRITE music!  He was as much a part of the lineage of Bach, Beethoven, Stravinsky, etc., as he was part of the lineage of Guitar Slim, Hank Ballard &amp; the Midnighters, etc.  <br />Zappa was able to write his own musical scores.  No other rock 'n' roll bandleader of Zappa's era had this skill.  Because of it, future generations will be able to read and perform Zappa's music for many more years (centuries) to come.
B00008LOS1|5.0|With apologies to Brian Wilson, the failed project LIFEHOUSE gave birth to one of the great albums in the history of rock, when Pete Townshend, forced to give up work on his new rock opera, pulled the remnants into this utterly spectacular album.  I imagine that some will find the additional disc valuable and other will not (as reflected in the reviews here), but I will give the producers of the new set kudos for trying.  But the extras can't obscure the fact that this was a breathtakingly gorgeous album, the peak of the Who's career.  Although Townshend completed TOMMY, the music of that project simply can't compare with the brilliance of the individual songs from WHO'S NEXT.<br />The Who never played better than on this album.  After extended tours playing TOMMY, they had coalesced into a stunningly tight group, and Roger Daltrey had, if anything, perfected his chops as a vocalist.  One of the more impressive aspects of the album was the brilliant use of synthesizer by Pete Townshend.  Other bands were using the machine (like King Crimson, Yes, Todd Rungren, and others), but these bands didn't sound like rock bands, despite labeling them as &quot;art&quot; or &quot;progressive&quot; rock bands.  Interesting music, perhaps, but not rock and roll.  Townshend was the first to use the synthesizer in ways that those of us who disliked art rock could love, and his mastery of its use would remain unsurpassed until perhaps Allen Ravenstine's innovations with Pere Ubu.  For me, the synthesizer in &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; remains its greatest use in the history of rock.  Sure, there were greater keyboard virtuosos out there, but no one else used the synthesizer to greater effect.<br />The musical diversity on this album is amazing, and there isn't a weak number on the album.  Although the Who turned out a huge number of important songs over the years, a significant number of their best numbers feature on this album.  &quot;Baba O'Riley,&quot; &quot;Bargain,&quot; &quot;My Wife&quot; (John Entwistle's greatest song ever), &quot;The Song is Over,&quot; &quot;Going Mobile,&quot; &quot;Behind Blue Eyes,&quot; and the anthemic &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; are almost a greatest hits disc by themselves.  The last song is not merely the Who's greatest song, but one of the ten greatest numbers in the history of rock, and very few songs have more dramatic impact, as can be shown by the large number of filmmakers who have used it at key moments in movies, none more memorably or better than Spike Lee's ironic use of just about the whole song in the climax of SUMMER OF SAM (ironic because the people who were certain that Adrien Brody was &quot;Sam&quot; were self-deceived, and therefore fooled by themselves).<br />One project I would love to see would be a CD set that collects all the songs from various albums that we know were considered for inclusion in LIGHTHOUSE.  It would mean excluding a couple of songs from WHO'S NEXT, and including numbers like &quot;Pure and Easy&quot; and others.  I did a cassette like this once, but I'm sure the folks with access to all the master tapes could come up with something more interesting.; &quot;My Wife&quot; (John Entwistle's greatest song ever), &quot;The Song is Over,&quot; &quot;Going Mobile,&quot; &quot;Behind Blue Eyes,&quot; and the anthemic &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; are almost a greatest hits disc by themselves.  The last song is not merely the Who's greatest song, but one of the ten greatest numbers in the history of rock, and very few songs have more dramatic impact, as can be shown by the large number of filmmakers who have used it at key moments in movies, none more memorably or better than Spike Lee's ironic use of just about the whole song in the climax of SUMMER OF SAM (ironic because the people who were certain that Adrien Brody was &quot;Sam&quot; were self-deceived, and therefore fooled by themselves).<br />One project I would love to see would be a CD set that collects all the songs from various albums that we know were considered for inclusion in LIGHTHOUSE.  It would mean excluding a couple of songs from WHO'S NEXT, and including numbers like &quot;Pure and Easy&quot; and others.  I did a cassette like this once, but I'm sure the folks with access to all the master tapes could come up with something more interesting.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This album definitely took several listens to get accustomed to, but holy crap!  I've not had a set of songs move me this much for some time.  This album is politically charged in the most obscure way.  While Paz may have complimented the band's aesthetics, I do believe Twiggy was a far more worthwhile and contributing replacement.  This album has such an eerie and powerful aura, it screams of retribution!  These are the songs I had hoped to hear when &quot;Mer De Noms&quot; was released.  I guess it just took awhile for the band to polish up.
B00000IBRI|3.0|are these people on crack?  i gave the film three stars because i was entertained - but not in any way that affirms anything about the film's greatness.  dvd_smurf is right when he says, &quot;stalking killer leaves bug trail.&quot;  it just about sums up the entire film.<br />okay, granted the film has many lush scenes, but i found it difficult to suspend my disbelief.  maybe it's because the film is a bit outdated with all the 80s dialogue and dress.  (the best is when sophie's boyfriend tells her after a late night tryst that he has to leave her because of some regiment duty - i found that a bit random...er, say what?)  i hardly found the film that horrifying - just a little gory and a bit predictable.  yes, i screamed at times, but i hardly left the film feeling like i had to look over my shoulder because i had spent the other half of the film laughing hysterically (some parts were just hilarious).  the ending did freak me out with all the squirmy stuff, but i also burst out laughing in the midst of screaming because well, some things were just titillating.<br />the movie was interesting but not in your conventional horror film sense.  it was more like an acid trip through time into a decade of different styles.  it wasn't necessarily 80s though it had some 80s moments.  the film had a hitchcock tint to it, though i wouldn't defame hitchcock's awesome talent by putting argento on the same plane of comparison.  IMO, no one has come close to matching hitchcock.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|This album is nothing like Is This It.  Nevermind the reviews thus far.  This takes more getting used to and in the end that is a more enjoyable album.  Is This It was so likable from the start, but this one needs more digging to really get into it, and that's just after a few listens, so who knows what 20-30 listens will bring?  They've matured brilliantly and it's exciting to know this is only two albums into a bands career that will last for a dozen records at the absolute least, many many many more if you think about it logically. People want highlights it seems.  The album is a highlight, so don't bother with finding particular tracks.  This is far and away the best album of the year by a young band.  You gotta give space in any year that Lou Reed releases an album, because he takes the highest spot by default.
B000002TYK|4.0|1.) This is a Call - 9 / 10 - This is a terrific opening for the CD, it gets you ready for an audible trip of a fantastic CD.<br />2.) I'll Stick Around - 9 / 10 - This is vintage Foo Fighters sound right here. They've carreid this sound throughout all of there CDs and I simply love it.<br />3.) Big Me - 10 / 10 - This is a song that I can play no matter what mood I am in. This just has a great tune and happy beat.<br />4.) Alone + Easy Target - 9 / 10 - Another one of the songs on this CD I enjoy.<br />5.) Good Grief - 9.5 / 10 - I love the screaming chorus to this song and the fast tempo and beat.<br />6.) Floaty - 7 / 10 - This is not one of the better songs on the CD. It is a very different type of song that stands out against the other tracks, which can be a good or bad thing. Still a decent song, however.<br />7.) Weenie Beenie - 8.5 / 10 - This song's anything but melodic until the chorus. The guitar riffs are very cool. Another very different song that will stick it, I just happen to like this a little more than Floaty.<br />8.) Oh, George - 6 / 10 - This song isn't really different, it fits in with the style of this CD, but it just doesn't really appeal to me all that much.<br />9.) For All The Cows - 10 / 10 - VERY DIFFERENT. This song is terrific, and goes right along with Big Me. Another great, slower song.<br />10.) X-Static - 8 / 10 - A decent song, but it's not one of the better songs, in my opinion.<br />11.) Wattershed - 7 / 10 - A fast and unforgiving song that burns through the lyrics, but ultimately gets really repetitive towards the end of this song, and the chorus isn't all too special either.<br />12.) Exhausted - 6 / 10 - A wierd and somewhat annoying ending, to an otherwise excellent CD, thanks to all the distortion and static on this track.<br />Overall - 8.5 out of 10 - This CD picks up so much steam at the beginning and then loses some of it towards the end with some &quot;Miss or Hit&quot; tunes that will please some and annoy others. This is still a great CD and all is worth a buy if you can find it stores, I had to get it off of E-Bay.
B000002HH9|2.0|I have to agree with all of the negative reviews of this album. It just lacks the 'edge' that other albums from The Cure seem to have.<br />Music-wise, it's a good album. The band is definitely in form on this release. But the songwriting is bland and at times uninspired.<br />This was actually the third Cure album I bought, and I remember when I first listened to it, I didn't HATE it, but it simply didn't have the passion that such albums as Disintegration have.<br />To me, Wild Mood Swings is, to Robert Smith, what 'Zwan' was to Billy Corgan. A collection of well-structured, but uninspired songs that are neither 'great' nor 'terrible'. <br />2.5 stars.
B000002KAT|5.0|Five stars doesn't even give this album justice. If you don't like this album, then perhaps you don't like brilliant musicians like Van Morrison. I thought &quot;Moondance&quot; was fantastic, but &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; puts it to shame. Morrison reminds everyone how beautiful music can be to our ears. He reminds us that the flute is a wonderful instrument. He reminds us that we want to get lost in music, and with his music it's like the wonderful journey you never want to end. &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; is 45 minutes of sheer bliss, not a single track to throw away. The music is sweet, so sweet it could bring a tear to our eyes to know that such music ever existed.
0385504209|5.0|The information in this book is absolutely fascinating. Information that would shatter the foundations of what churches have been teaching for centuries.  Read this book!  It will leave you wanting to find out more about the Holy Grail and the strong possibility that Jesus was a mortal man.  Anyone who gave a negative rating to this book is either uneducated or closed-minded.  This is a brilliant book, with a movie to be directed by Ron Howard on its way.
B000066NW0|5.0|I think by now we're all aware that Avril Lavigne is NOT punk, is NOT rock - she is pop.(I just wanted to make it clear that I am not delusional)<BR>Since I first listened to this album I loved it. Here's my evaluation of the songs:<BR>Losing Grip - 5/5, This song has a lot of emotion, she is angry and hurt. I think that a lot of people would be able to relate to this.<BR>Complicated - 4/5, an uplifting tune and easygoing lyrics, one of those songs that you can't help from singing over and over again!<BR>Sk8er Boi - 3/5, cheerful melody, lyrics that LOADS of people can relate to. people made way too big a deal about the spelling (it really bugs me that everytime I see the word 'skater' its got the damn '8' in it)<BR>I'm with You - 5/5, I really love this song, its sad and has a very lonely feel, you can understand how Av was feeling when she &quot;CO-wrote&quot; this song.<BR>Mobile - 4/5, this gives us a window into Av's busy and confusing life.<BR>Unwanted - 4.5/5, this shows how it feels to rejected, its angry, its loud, it wants to be heard!<BR>Tomorrow - 4/5, a slow song. harmonious tune + Sweet lyrics = great song.<BR>Anything but Ordinary - 5/5(my FAVOURITE song),in my opinion this song is a masterpiece! it expresses a strong will be different and not just 'one of the crowd'. A really catchy tune that you'll be singing for months.<BR>Things I'll never say - 4/5, a love song, typical teenage romance, very sweet. I find the lyrics touching, their is a lot of emotion.<BR>My World - 5/5, Av's life. I love singing along to this song. Obviously totally unique because no one else would have had her life.<BR>Nobody's Fool - 3.5/5, a rap song with memorable lyrics, shows that Avril doesn't want to be anyone but herself. Love the line 'but I fear that your only tellin' me what I wanna hear but do you give a damn, understand that i can't not be who I am'<BR>Too Much to Ask - 3.5/5 this is about a bad relationship, i recommend this song to anyone who's been hurt.<BR>Naked - 4.5/5, this is about Av having her true feelings exposed, I really like this song because I'd love to be able to open up and be myself all the time. <BR>Avril's vocals sound great throughout the album. She sound different live, everyone says that she can't sing live but I acually think she sounds BETTER live! This album is a must-have if you like this kind of music. It's on the same lines as Alanis Morissette's 30 million selling debut album 'Jagged Little Pill'. Av's music inspired me (and many others I'm sure), I love singing and now I've found songs that I like singing. More people should appreciate Av's music for what it really is, some people like it and some people hate it, but I LOVE it!
B00000K2SE|4.0|Sometime in the future, human beings create artificial intelligence that ends up going to war with its creators - and wins. Human beings, instead of being destroyed, are kept alive in pods, their bodies being used as batteries to generate power for the artificial intelligence. The world we see around us is an illusion, created by the artificial intelligence for a reason I cannot for the life of me fathom. If all artificial intelligence needs is human bodies for batteries, why bother going to all the trouble of creating an incredibly sophisticated illusion? What is the point? Why not just keep the human race unconscious? This is a real weakness in the plot and kept nagging at me throughout the film. Since I couldn't buy into the central premise, I found it impossible to believe what was going on. However, I did enjoy the spectacular set pieces. The trick photography - which is what these computer generated special effects really are - is breathtaking, and I kept wondering to myself, \\"How did they do that.\\" The fight scenes are quite something. Keanu Reeves acquits himself convincingly but Laurence Fishburne excels. An enjoyable lot of nonsense but the end left me with a severely scratched head.
B00006BXI0|5.0|After listening to some selections off of &quot;Dark Chapter&quot;, Michael Romeo's solo album, I was quite impressed. Romeo seemed to combine metal, neoclassical, and progressive influences flawlessly to create some really astounding guitar compositions. And he could really shred! To say the least, I was intrigued. I consider myself first, a music lover, second, a musician, third, a guitar player. At the time I was heavily into technical guitar virtuoso music, and Romeo easily fit into that category. I soon learned that Romeo had later joined the progressive metal band &quot;Symphony X&quot; that had whipped out many albums. And that brings me to where I am right now. <br />Divine Wings of Tragedy wsa my first Symphony X purchase, and not my last. Like Romeo's &quot;Dark Chapter&quot;, Symphony X chiefly combines metal, neoclassical, and progressive styles into one. As those are my favorite genres of music, I was blown away. As a note, many reviewers attempt to compare Dream Theater to Sym X. I believe they are very different in their approach to creating music and therefore will not go there. Ok so lets go to the song rundown:<BR>1) Of Sins and Shadows - This is essentially a straight heavy metal song, with a simple yet addictive main riff, powerful vocals, and mind-blowing solos. As throughout most of the metal songs on the album, the keyboards add another dimension to the music to keep you on your toes. Great lead track.<BR>2) Sea of Lies - Another infectious main riff for another metal song. Interesting transitions between bridge/chorus/verse riffs. The interlude consists of a mind blowing arpeggio tapping section and more flawless soloing. <BR>3) Out of the Ashes - Great heavy neoclassical intro with intricate keyboards and guitar. Another straight metal song with an invigorating chorus. At 3:40, its the shortest song on the album. Grabs you and doesn't let go.<BR>4) The Accolade - Ok well track 4 gives you a break from the pounding metal to give you a taste of their progressive side. The Accolade features beautiful lyrics/vocals and impeccable instrumentation. The keyboards really make this song in my opinion; the bridge from the interlude back into the verse theme is just beautiful. You better love this song. <BR>5) Pharaoh - Back into the metal aspect of the band, yet retaining the progressive aspects, pharaoh has some interesting passages that really show you the versatility of the band. The chorus has some awesome guitar and vocals. If anything, the songs gets somewhat repetitive later in the song with the 3+ minutes of soloing, but overall a great track.<BR>6) Eyes of Medusa - Similar to Pharaoh. THis has a really eerie keyboard intro thing going that I really dig. Interesting classical breakdown later in the song. A bit repetitive at the end, but also a solid song.<BR>7) Witching Hour - This intro blows you away with an intense neoclassical intro thats touched upon many times throughout the song. Great vocals and impeccable instrumentation. Very heavy and invigorating song.<BR>8) Divine Wings of Tragedy - Wow. 20+ minutes of epic beauty. It would take an essay to describe this one. It pretty much shows all that the band is capable of. Amazing.<BR>9) Candlight Fantasia - Captivating guitar/keyboard intro. Beautiful piano and chorus work. Explores many moods within the song making it one of the more progressive works of the album.<br />Well thats that. This album never lets go from start to finish. Divine Wings lies between V and Odyssey in presentation (V is very different from Odyssey, though both are masterpieces). Divine Wings is in the middle of the Sym X spectrum and therefore would be a great starting album for most listeners.
0066620996|5.0|Good To Great is more than good . . . it's great. Sounds like Tony the Tiger, but what can I say? There's just isn't much in it that is not applicable to growing a great business and to prospering in life as a whole. And maybe that's the genius of this book: Its subtitle could be, &quot;Why some people make the leap. . . and others don't.&quot;
B0000CG9N8|5.0|This album is one of the, if not the very best I have ever heard in my life.  Muse's songwriting is unparalleled in the modern rock world, and their sound, while comparable to Radiohead or Coldplay, manages to be their own, entirely.  As an aspiring musician, I can say that muse writes the way I would if I could.<br />Track By Track:<BR>Apocalypse Please: A tense track about impending doom, ending with crashing rachmaninoff style chords<BR>Time is Running Out: Funky rock beat, clearly a single.<BR>Sing for Absolution: My favorite on the CD, a pure love song careening into obsession (our wrongs remain unrectified/and our souls won't be exhumed)<BR>Stockholm Syndrome - Named for a condition in which a person held captive grows attached to his or her captor, this continues the heartbroken soliloquy, with a song about trying to forget the past.<BR>Falling Away With You - A sweet guitar song about dying love<BR>Hysteria - This beat, built off a driving bass guitar riff, complete with the screaming guitar foreground, is the best rock on the cd.  No, in the world.<BR>Blackout - A quiet song about growing up.  Pretty guitar, and a haunting chord progression.<BR>Butterflies and Hurricanes - A trancy guitar and keyboard intro leads into one of the most powerful songs on the CD, heralding trying times, and ending with the same power piano from the first tracks.<BR>The Small Print - Another singlish song.  Classic muse, singing about not having your expectations met and selling out.<BR>Endlessly - Disco sounding beat about eternal love.<BR>Thoughts of a Dying Atheist - Probably my least favorite song, this one isn't as amazing as the others, but is still good.<BR>Ruled by Secrecy - Quiet, beautiful, haunting closing track.  Thoroughly amazing as a closeout to muse's third album.
B00005JLYW|1.0|I can't remember the last time I felt so uncomfortable and uneasy in a film than while watching Charlie's Angels Full Throttle, and it has been a very long time since I felt so happy to see the credits roll!<BR>Far from meeting my expectations, this second adventure of the Angels was a very badly written and directed film (by original director Mc G), and this is why, <BR>First of all, the action is the backbone of these films,often lightened up with humour and some sexiness.The decision of director Mc G to show every fall and jump in slow motion was very annoying and ruined the whole action sequences. They did appear very 'digital' without being impressive or exciting.<BR>The humour was supposed mainly to come courtesy of the great John Cleese, but yet again Mc G fails miserably to invest funnily in such a comic talent, and Cleese does look uncomfortable.<BR>Bosely's character played by Bernie Mac appeared too dim witted for no apparent reason.<BR>Moreover, I cringed at the many references to other films, supposedly to add a cheeky humour: Cape Fear (the prisoner with tattoos bent on revenge),Terminator (the naked kneeling posture of Arnie), and the Matrix. <BR>Had this been a parody like Scary Movie or Naked Gun, then these references would be expected and funny, but it is not and I found them out of place.<BR>In addition, the directing style is very pretentiously mediocre instead of the 'hip' and 'cool' it is supposed to be. It is fine if the viewers have the attention span of a goldfish, but regardless of their age group or tastes, they have not.(It is time some directors and studios treat their audiences with greater respect.)<BR>Another point is the long list of cameos appearing in Full Throttle: Bruce Willis, Carrie Fisher, Eric Bogosian, Jacklyn Smith, Olson Twins, Pink, and Robert Foster. My only explanation for this is simply this film looked much more promising on paper and an expected huge hit due to the success of the original.<BR>The only redeeming factor in this movie is Demi Moore who makes a fresh comeback playing a sort of 'fallen' angel. She is still gorgeous and very sexy! <BR>Avoid this movie and save yourself time and money on a better film!
B00005JKLZ|1.0|With all the hype this movie had, it was one of the biggest disappointments ever. Two hours of my life that i wish i had back.
B00003CXXP|3.0|I have grown so accustomed to Hollywood being intellectually condescending to its audience that I hardly noticed it in this film. Almost every Hollywood schlock shoves a blatant message in the audience's face, then spells it out for them. It kind of reminds me of 80's sitcoms, at the end of each episode then the mood gets &quot;really serious&quot;, and the synthesizer mood music kicks in as the sitcom father delivers &quot;the more you know&quot; crap to his son who went bowling without permission.<br /> But, I will not categorize A.I. quite so harshly. I really really enjoyed this film on a certain level. In fact, it's sort of the type of thing I've been waiting for from Hollywood. Hardcore Kubrick fanatics won't like it because of Speilberg's soft edge. (I refer to A.I. as &quot;Kubrick lite&quot;) And average movie watchers who are just looking for an entertaining popcorn movie will find it too Kubrickly twisted. At least, that's what I got from my friends who saw it. Typical responses were sort of muddled. A typical statement would be, &quot;What? What the crap was that?&quot; It's a bit too weird to capture a broad general audience. <br />But this odd category that A.I. falls into is exactly what I like about it. It could have easily been a sappy Hallmark film, but it has a bit more depth to it. It has an alluring mystery quality that keeps you hanging on. I think a PG-13 would have been better than PG, but that's just me. I'm not really sure what they were trying to prove by rating it PG. Kids definitely would not enjoy this film. Kubrick for kids? Not quite.<br />  I think the overall messages of the film are not muddled like so many films of today that try to self-righteously make statements about the condition of man. (Ahem,...um...&quot;Matrix Reloaded&quot;, anyone?) Rather, it's sort of a &quot;what-if&quot; play pretend scenerio that imaginatively offers one possibility of the long-term dangers of worshipping science and technology.<br />I wish I couldgo into more detail about performances, Jude Law, Robin Williams, Speilberg, Kubrick, Hale Osmont, but I'll keep this fairly to the point. I think this film is well written, it's interesting, and the special effects are stupendous and flawless. <br />I also want to make a special note that one of the things that sold me on this film is the brilliant and astounding conclusion. Just when you think the film is over, and everything is concluding nicely, it goes the extra mile! It gracefully expands the story to show the scenerio 2000 years into the future. Just when you think the film is over, new bizarre characters are introduced (ultra post-modern artificial intelligence beings with subtitles) that take the film to a whole new level of daring dreamworld. That's what most of my friends complained about. (&quot;What was that ending?!?&quot;) But, I'm just a low-budget college student who enjoys watching films that go to the next level in certain areas. This film did for me. Peace out.
B0000CABBW|5.0|One of the rarest things in movies is a kid who comes across as a real kid on screen.  The performance of Henry Thomas in &quot;E.T.&quot; had even more to do with that film's success that the animatronic alien and &quot;Whale Rider&quot; is graced by a similar performance by young Keisha Castle-Hughes.  But there is also a captivating story that challenges the audience rather than simply following convention.  No wonder this film kept winning audience awards from Toronto to Sundance.<br />The story is of young Paikea Apirana, a Maori girl of New Zealand.  The day she was born both her mother and her twin brother died.  Her father, Porourangi (Cliff Curtis) is the eldest son of the chief, Koro (Rawiri Paratene), who has been awaiting the birth of his grandson, convinced the boy will grow up to reunify the Maori and lead them into the future.  But Koro has no need for a granddaughter.  His son, who is an artist and not a leader, leaves New Zealand, his father, and his daughter behind, but not before one final act of defiance: he names his daughter Paikea, after the legendary ancestor of their people who rode the whale from Hawaiiki to this land.  Koro tells his wife (Vicky Haughton) to take the baby away, but she thrusts the baby into his arms, demanding he acknowledge his granddaughter, telling her husband, &quot;She likes you.&quot;<br />The story continues a dozen years alter.  Pai's father returns for a brief visit to renew the ancient conflict with his father by bringing news of a pregnant girlfriend in Germany.  In a burst of anger Koro tells Porourangi to take Pai with him when he leaves because she is of no use to him.  Pai overhears this and while we would expect her to be devastated, she is not: she knows her grandfather's heart better than he does himself and even to be with her father she will not leave Koro and her community.  Without ever forcing the matter director Niki Caro, who also did the screenplay from Witi Ihimaera's novel, makes it clear that young Pai is the future of her people and wise beyond her years.<br />At one point in the film Pai says recalls her family history and adds, &quot;But I was not the leader that my grandfather was expecting.&quot;  This is certainly true, but the great irony of this 2003 film is that Pai a leader beyond the old man's expectations.  She proves this not only in the wonderful climatic scene of &quot;Whale Rider,&quot; but during the most poignant and heartrending scene, when she gives a speech at a school concert that makes it clear that before she becomes a teenager she already knows exactly what her people need in terms of leadership for the future.  She also knows that she is keeping faith with her ancestors and her ancient namesake.<br />It is clear from the start that &quot;Whale Rider&quot; is a very good film.  It has the tone, the characters, and the story line of one.  But where it becomes a great movie is where it sets up the pivotal moment in the film, the point at which Koro will recognize the truth about his granddaughter and acknowledge that she is the leader he has been awaiting.  All of the pieces are in place and I would not be surprised if many viewers already have tears running down their cheeks.  But instead of the providing the obvious, &quot;Whale Rider&quot; transcends the awaited moment and gives us something larger and more wonderful.  We should not have been surprised because the film had an earlier opportunity to bridge the gap between Koro and Pai, as she has been successfully completing on her own all of the tests her grandfather is giving to the young boys of the village in his search for a new leader, but her grandmother, in a moment of understated epiphany declares, &quot;No.  He is not ready yet.&quot;<br />The obvious impulse is to call this a magical film, but that misses the mark for me on two scores.  &quot;Whale Rider&quot; is not only mystical instead of magical, it has a grounded sense of reality as well.  Both Pai and Koro speak of their family and their people as going back countless generations to the ancient ones.  How else do you explain a climax that transcends mere metaphor and visual beauty?  &quot;Whale Rider&quot; should not be considered a children's movie, because few children of Pai's age would be able to appreciate the depth of this exquisite film.ak of their family and their people as going back countless generations to the ancient ones.  How else do you explain a climax that transcends mere metaphor and visual beauty?  &quot;Whale Rider&quot; should not be considered a children's movie, because few children of Pai's age would be able to appreciate the depth of this exquisite film.
B000022TSY|4.0|This is an enormously famous movie, one that has achieved iconic status.  That means it's great, right?  Well, not necessarily.  It's an incredibly amateurish and uneven flick, with gaping holes in the plot, in the dialog, in the editing.  The performances are (quite literally) stoned and dazed.  But in this birds nest of oddness there are enough true gems to put it firmly in the forefront of classic cinema.  These are the scenes we've all seen before: the famous &quot;This used to be a hell of a good country&quot; scene at the campfire comes to mind.  That soliloquy alone is worth the price of the DVD.  I think it all boils down to the fact that there is basically nothing worth getting too sentimental about from this time period.  The crazy crack pot adolescence of the American nation doesn't bear too much scrutiny or it becomes painfully obvious that if you weren't stoned, you didn't get it, and you won't get it now.  In other words, you have to believe it to see it.  I do believe some of it, sometimes, and this movie helps me glimpse that small part.  But it also shows me how painfully vaccuous and dreary and empty and pointless so much of the youth counterculture truly was.<br /> Any way, good flick, and it rings with an historical authenticity that is almost unequaled.  Its great contribution is that it was made at the peak of the era, and commented on that era very eloquently.  Usually the good commentary doesn't come along for many years, but Easy Rider pretty much hits the nail on the head.  Plus the bikes are great.<br /> I highly recommend a very similar film called &quot;Vanishing Point&quot;, which is a better film, and another dose of very authentic and high-proof 60's/70's nihilism.  It ends just as happily, too.
6305313687|4.0|this movie was written by a certain david mckenna. he grew up and went to my high school together. a couple of years ago i had a chance to talk to him after a very chance encounter in santa monica. dave explained that his script was completely rewritten after he sold the rights to it. <br />the original ending was the most important section of the film and it was completely altered. the original script calls for a accidental murder of the character danny, and a more thoughtful exposition of the thesis of the film, which is principally about fear and how fear shapes our societies, and a small view into how this might come about. <br />  dave explained that the edward norton \\"skinhead\\" character's realization of ignorance and fear was much more fully and subtley developed than in the final cut. this is unfortunate, and i think that dave's original script would have made a more meaningful movie.<br />  the idea of portraying a charasmatic white power neo-nazi is absolutely controversial, but in analysing the movie ( even the final product ) i think it is very clear that the \\"logic\\" behind nazi theories shown is extremely faulty. in fact, the inspiration for \\"derek\\" to embrace these ideas is absolutely linked to his personal and emotional experiences and not his logical mind. if you want to judge for yourself, watch the film closely!<br /> all in all, this film was well directed, and in my opinion very well acted. certain parts could have been made more realistic, like the basketball sequence. (ed norton is not a basketball good player by any standards...but that is trivial). <br />  this is a movie that interested me, and if you watch it remember that it was not intended by the writer to play out exactly as it does.
B0000AUHPB|2.0|The first 30 min of this movie consisted of people talking and plotting a robbery. The idea is to create a giant traffic jam in Turin, rob a gold transport and get away by car (ridiculous). One particularly slow-paced and insignificant scene had Michael Caine and a friend visit an old lady with many cats. At this point, I had completely lost interest in why they were there and how it related to the rest of the movie, so I decided to &quot;picture fast-forward&quot; the next 30 min, which seemed just as boring and unnecessary for the appreciation of the last ~40 min of getaway footage. <br />There is a strange sub-plot with a prominent imprisoned criminal that can safely be ignored. <br />The getaway sequence includes some technically interesting driving footage, but other parts are not technical, just having the cars driving down crowded sidewalks at 40 mph...where's the fun in that? In terms of a car chase, I like the believable one from Bullit much better...what happens in The Italian Job is too arranged.<br />Michael Caine is not involved in the driving and his talent is wasted on the hopeless &quot;filler&quot; plot in the first 2/3 of the movie.
B00005JLD4|5.0|The story, set in 1931, is of three young Aboriginal girls in Australia who are &quot;half castes,&quot; --the offspring of an aboriginal mother and white father. They are abducted from their mother(s) and sent 1500 km to be raised in a government-run facility in a thoroughly misguided attempt to remove them from the possibility of having offspring with full-blooded aborigines.<br />When they arrive at the facility, they are immersed in all things Anglo, and are even told to &quot;stop talking that jabber&quot; when speaking in their native tongue. The purpose of the facility is to turn out young girls who can work as maids and perform other menial jobs.<br />It is a horrifying -- and TRUE story.<br />The amazing part of the tale comes shortly after they arrive at the facility. They escape into the outback, and over the course of a couple of months, walk back to their village of Jingaloo and their families, using the 'rabbit-proof fence' as a guide.<br />The filmmakers used three aboriginal girls who had never performed before, and who were familiar with many of the ways of the aboriginal people in order to provide an air of authenticity.<br />It was superb, and the accompanying music was haunting and beautiful.
B000092ZYX|1.0|this is a band that had a wonderful single over a decade ago called Creep. it was beautiful. then they went art rock and everything that they have released after that has been painfully dull, overbloated, overhyped, extremely simply, and amaturish. radiohead is a great way to make yourself want to hurt someone or go into a coma. they are way overrated. they are talented, but rarely use that talent. just because something is popular doesn't mean that it is good. it just means that most of the idiots agreed on something. radiohead is a one hit wonder
B000002UAU|5.0|Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, the evolutionary, nay, revolutionary 1967 album by The Beatles, is one of the best, if not THE best, rock recordings ever.  From the fantastic and iconic cover art by Peter Blake to the interesting idea of the \\"concept album,\\" Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band broke away from The Beatles' previous \\"I Want To Hold Your Hand\\"-styled songs and took the Fab Four into new musical territory.<br />According to the liner notes included with the booklet, the conceit of the album was that The Beatles had morphed into an entirely new and different band, hence the title \\"Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.\\"  Geoff Emerick, the group's recording engineer, explains: \\"The Beatles insisted that everything be different, so everything was either distorted, limited, heavily compressed or treated with excessive equalization.\\"  This pure \\"studio album\\" was definitely avant garde for its mid-1960s era audiences, and even staid TIME magazine was impressed enough to give it a laudatory cover story.  And even though many bands and singers since have adopted the \\"concept album\\" format (Billy Joel's \\"An Innocent Man\\" comes to mind) and Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Heart's Club Band has been imitated, it still stands heads and shoulders above the crowd.<br />The crowd...oh, yes. The famous cover with all those people on it.  Because the album's concept was that it was a concert by this new band, the people on the cover, including Karl Marx, Mae West, Laurel and Hardy, George Bernard Shaw, and Alistaire Crowley, are the audience The Beatles would have liked to have.  Interestingly, the acerbic wit of the group, John Lennon, would have also included Jesus, Gandhi, and Adolf Hitler, but this was nixed as a result of John's comments about The Beatles being \\"more popular than Jesus,\\" a statement that led to some churches promoting Beatle album burnings in the United States.<br />Controversy and technical trickery aside, though, this album (one of the earliest Beatles records to be released in CD in the 1980s) is quite wonderful to listen to.  Considering there are only 13 songs on it, it's hard to believe the group and the recording engineers put over 700 hours of work into it, but the sheer creativity and variety of styles justifies all the effort.  Starting with the title track, written and sung by Paul McCartney (in a clear departure from ballads like \\"Yesterday\\" and \\"Love Me Do\\") in a more hard-rock style, and ending with \\"A Day In The Life,\\" with its mysterious lyrics and use (for the first time in rock history) of a full orchestra in a crescendo of musical thunder, The Beatles take the listener on a musical roller-coaster ride.  All four Beatles get their moment...Ringo Starr getting to sing the lead in \\"With A Little Help From My Friends,\\" while George Harrison gets to showcase his chops as a songwriter/lead singer in \\"Within You Without You.\\"  The album also includes the charming, almost retro \\"When I'm Sixty-Four,\\" the often misinterpreted but always mesmerizing \\"Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds,\\" \\"Getting Better,\\" which is heard now in Philips' electronics commercials, and the melancholy \\"She's Leaving Home.\\"<br />The CD includes a very informative retrospective article, the lyrics, and reproductions of the original 33 1/3 RPM LP's cutout artwork. And although it's almost 40 years old, its musical content still sounds uniquely original and relevant.  It's worth listening to.Beatles records to be released in CD in the 1980s) is quite wonderful to listen to.  Considering there are only 13 songs on it, it's hard to believe the group and the recording engineers put over 700 hours of work into it, but the sheer creativity and variety of styles justifies all the effort.  Starting with the title track, written and sung by Paul McCartney (in a clear departure from ballads like \\"Yesterday\\" and \\"Love Me Do\\") in a more hard-rock style, and ending with \\"A Day In The Life,\\" with its mysterious lyrics and use (for the first time in rock history) of a full orchestra in a crescendo of musical thunder, The Beatles take the listener on a musical roller-coaster ride.  All four Beatles get their moment...Ringo Starr getting to sing the lead in \\"With A Little Help From My Friends,\\" while George Harrison gets to showcase his chops as a songwriter/lead singer in \\"Within You Without You.\\"  The album also includes the charming, almost retro \\"When I'm Sixty-Four,\\" the often misinterpreted but always mesmerizing \\"Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds,\\" \\"Getting Better,\\" which is heard now in Philips' electronics commercials, and the melancholy \\"She's Leaving Home.\\"<br />The CD includes a very informative retrospective article, the lyrics, and reproductions of the original 33 1/3 RPM LP's cutout artwork. And although it's almost 40 years old, its musical content still sounds uniquely original and relevant.  It's worth listening to.
0380789035|1.0|I bought this on the strength of it's reception of the Hugo award and was initially very excited to read it.  However, I ended up very dissapointed.  As many others have noted: the characters are weak; the writing is poor; and the plot is about the most plodding I have read in a long time.  The last point is perhaps the worst ... it was just not an entertaining read.  This book is not a page turner.<br />I note many other reviewers at the other end of the spectrum:  a 'seminal' novel, a dark sense of humor, amazing allegory, 'you have to think to read it', etc.  I just can't relate to these...I find it difficult to believe they were reading the same novel.  I particuarly don't understand the 'humor' aspect of many comments...I found nothing funny at all in here, not in the least.  If you want funny (and an excellent book overall), I would recommend Cryptonomicon by Neal Stephenson.
B000002UUX|5.0|cause he certainly isn't a thrash fan.<br />&quot;My general mood on this album was that I was listening to a compilation of guitar riffs that had no direction and lacked a consistent tone. There were to many change over riffs here which made the songs lack character.&quot; - Craig Revees<br />Everything you just said about the guitar styles is what makes thrash thrash.<br />&quot;Dave mustaines vocals are awfull in my opinion as its very Whiney and nerdy which doesnt compliment the thrash guitar tone at all.&quot; - Craig Revees<br />I agree that Mustaine's vocals aren't great, but who listens to metal for the vocals?  The guitars take center stage here as they should.  Metallica's vocals aren't much better.<br />&quot;It's so obvious that Mustaine was copying the Kill em all and ride the lightening riffs here.&quot; - Craig Revees<br />You've got it backwards.  Mustaine was Metallica's original lead guitarist.  Metallica copied him.<br />&quot;They are just another mediocre metal band that is lost in the mix. Thats why they are temporarily put out of commission because of their low fan base.&quot; - Craig Revees<br />Did you just make this up?  Go to their site and get the real reason they disbanded.<br />If you're thrash fan you'll love this CD, period.  Heck it's only $10.99!  At that price why wouldn't ya buy it?
B00006AFUR|5.0|Well, <BR>I already wrote a review about this great cd and band. If you want to see their video Capricorn (it's very good) I dowloaded it on kazaa. You can definately tell that the singer is Jared Leto from Urband Legend and Requiem for a Dream. (He bleached his hair on top and flipped it over, and the rest is shaved, it looks great.) He is soooooo gorgous. I love his voice. They better make a second album. Cuz there isnt anything else like them out there.
0440539811|5.0|The first time I ran into this book was when I was browsing the Sci-Fi/Fantasy section of my local book store, being interested in the whole notion of *Global Conspiracy* I immediately noticed the book, but opted to buy Chuck Palahniuk's &quot;Survivor,&quot; but made a mental note to go back and buy Illuminatus! <br />I completely forgot about it, untill several weeks later when I got an E-mail from my ex girlfriend telling me to check out this book. The odd thing is, she now lives in Basel, Switzerland - for those of you who don't know, this is the birthplace of LSD. <br />I went out, bought the book, and began to read it, and fell in love with it. <br />The book is hard to get into, and I don't think anyone can be faulted with tossing it aside in frustration, but this is also the joy of the book. You are forced to adapt to the bizzare anachronistic piece of work, wheter it is jumping to different points of view, mid paragraph, run on sentances that never end, concepts and ideas that are *zany* to say the least, by the end of the book, you are no longer reading a book, but looking, through a window, into another universe all together. Welcome to a universe where magic, mysticism, conspiracy, and great drugs all blend together to create a psychadelic trip into everything and nothing all at the same time.<br />If you are the kind of person who takes everything seriously, this book might not be for you, and thats not a knock on anyone, its not a matter of being *open minded* or *conservative* or whatever meaningless buzz word you attach to people, but merely a matter of being able to look in the mirror and get a good belly laugh. Its hard to really criticize a book that refuses to take itself seriously, going beyond sarcasm, satire, and farce, Illuminatus frequently breaks the 4th wall, and reads like the longest inside joke since the bible. <br />Illuminatus is definitely the poster child for the *Anti Anti-Novel* and definitely is not for everyone. So sit back witha beer and a spliff, unplug your phone, and get ready for one of the most interesting trips you've ever had. Not to mention, for months afterwards, you'll still be having flashbacks.
0553103547|5.0|I found this book to be an entertaining read. It's well-written, and appears to be well-plotted (though we'll see if this is truly the case when the series finally wraps up). It fills a fairly unique niche in the fantasy genre, having a more earthy feel than most of the books currently out there. The principle characters are fairly distinct in terms of personality, which is always a good thing.<br />As far as what it's about, imagine a book about nobles vying for power in a setting reminicent of medieval Europe. Being the start of the series, this book essentially chronicles the fragmentation of a unified kingdom. At present, the fantasy element is fairly low (no hoity-toity elves or mindless armies of orcs), but will likely increase as the series progresses. The book contains a fair bit of sex and violence; I found the former to be a bit distracting in the couple of times it popped up, but that's a matter of preference, I suspect. Unfortunately (for me), these erotic spasms continue to erupt in books 2 & 3 of the series.<br />Still, this is one of the better series to come out in a long time. While it won't change your views on life or anything, it's a thoroughly engaging read. Well worth the price of admission.
0385504209|1.0|After wondering for a few months why New Yorkers were so happy with this work of literature, it wasn't until reading it that I began to appreciate why it received so many plaudits. It's another piece of Catholic bashing that many Manhattanites are more than happy to indulge.<br />Perish the thought of &quot;challenging&quot; their faith or ancestry, they scream like banshees. But they're always very anxious to support works that are outright falsehoods ridiculing a faith that is responsible for the conception of human rights as it exists today.<br />I've got no problem with people lying about my faith under the guise of challenging it, it's been done for 2000 years. Christianity will prevail because it's the truth and doesn't offer special treatment by virtue of genetics.<br />But don't claim special protection when scrutiny is directed at you instead. And don't find yourself so frustrated when you search for friends and don't find them in your time of need(knowing your history, it won't be long).<br />We're accustomed to turning the other cheek but this is getting ridiculous.
B000089RVX|4.0|I have to admit evanescence is a pretty talented band. But for the people who compare them to linkin park.. well you've obviously only heard Bring Me to Life, and (no offence) to the person who said linkin park doesnt use complicated piano, female vocals or guitar solo's you've obviously have only heard Linkin Park's singles.. listen to Reaniation it includes about all of that and does a damn well job of it too. Anyway I'm pretty sure Evanescence is going to gain more and more success in their future if they keep up what they already have been doing.
0316286850|1.0|I bought this when it first came out and returned it because the book doesn't live up to how it was promoted at that time: This is NOT a text book and will teach nothing about how to apply make-up. It does have good pictures of excellent work done on famous people and it give s brief biography of Mr. Aucoin, but it makes no attempt to explain how and why he did what he did. It is a nice portfolio but not a text book. <BR>Go to Mary Quant or Bobbie Brown for that.
B00006CXXU|5.0|What can I say, other than this is the absolute best mainstream album I have ever heard! It will not bore you with repetitive rhythms, and just plain old bad, monotone singing/rapping. Christina Aguilera has a lot of knowledge of the voice, and gracefully moves from chest to head resonances. She really knows how to use her voice for this style of music- unlike Britney Spears and some of these other singers who sound a lot like some kind of screaching animal. Another plus- expect to really connect with the words and relate to a lot of the songs on this disc! Brava to Christina Aguilera! I am a Juilliard trained, working opera singer and I really love this cd! It is a nice release for me.
B00005V9HH|5.0|Well I went to go see this film at the movies because it had a A-Class set of actors and there was nothing better on the list, well the first half was really confusing and it had me srcatching my head (I was thinking I'd wasted my money) But! well hey' when you get to the end it all becomes clear WOW I said this is the best movie I have ever seen... I wish I could go back and watch it for the first time again... Acting is top knotch, the script is wicked and the movie as a whole is great!!!
031286504X|5.0|The story 'I AM LEGEND' is a must for any vampire library and is the story used to make the film, 'The Last Man On Earth'.  It is dark, tragic and enjoyable to read.  Robert Neville is as close to a real person that a fictional character can get, a person trapped between the logic of his mind and the new dark age that has fallen outside his house, a new age of vampires.  This story ALONE is a great reason for buying this book, but wait, there's more.  10 other stories within its covers will delight and entertain you.  In fact, as most of them have been on TV(or the big screen) in one form or the other, they already have.<br />Richard Matheson is one of the major sources for many horror stories dealing with the undead, having influenced such authors as Stephen King and 'I AM LEGEND' is one of the many books that inspired the creation of 'Vampire: The Masquerade'.<br />Even the cover of the book I have, is cool, good artwork, so why not buy it?
0312319517|5.0|It's a pity Forsyth is barely known to most readers beyond his first and famous &quot;Day of the Jackal&quot;.  Some fourteen novels later, we find our author can be invariably counted upon for suspenseful stories, exciting action, and often ironic outcomes.  Before &quot;Avenger&quot;, his just prior book of five novellas, the &quot;Veteran&quot;, exemplifies his knack for good story-telling and twisty endings, becoming one of our personal favorites of the year.<br />All these rewarding and entertaining qualities are back in this latest novel.  Forsyth takes a little while, in a series of almost self-contained short stories, to give us the background of our leading characters, as well as educate us on some of the U.S. Intelligence machinations prior to 9/11. But the story soon takes off for real as Army Vet Calvin Dexter, who we learn is the self-appointed mercenary of justice called The Avenger, hunts for a murderous Serb.  The challenges he must overcome, including the target's virtually impenetrable physical security, leave us in wonder of the man's cleverness and guile.  The end is to say the least both satisfying and heavily ironic -- for if this tale were indeed true, it would have actually, and of course accidentally, facilitated the terrorist attacks by Bin Laden.  You won't be disappointed for a minute with this latest Forsyth thriller!
B000088E6P|1.0|Save your money, don't buy Get Rich Or Die Tryin'. I'm only giving him one star because they won't allow me give him No star. 50 cent is simply an overrated scumbag that owes his success to Dre and Eminem. Plainly 50 is a FOOL!!!! Let's have a brief rundown of the messed up tracks on that album. <BR>01-Intro : Coin dropping, indicating a 50cent coin, creative but STUPID.<BR>02-What Up Gangsta : Great beat (thanks to d producers) Weak rhymes, lame lyrics, terrible song.<BR>03- Patiently Waiting : 50 cent gets murdered by Eminem slick rhymes and captivating flow. when 50 begins to drop, song mood changes, and makes you want to skip the track.<BR>04- Many Men : &quot;YEPA! They want to kill me, many many men,&quot; Trash like that is what you will hear. All that over-muscled idiot talks about is getting shot.<BR>05- In Da Club :&quot;U can find me in the club.&quot; Am i looking for you?<BR>06- High All The Time: Another senseless track with a great beat, but alas 50 cent's rapping screws up the track. He can never be the next best thing, excluding sales.<BR>07- Heat : What the hell is this guy talking about <BR>08-If I Can't : Another track with good instrumentals, fifty busts fairly well in this song, but still makes no sense. He seems to just pen what come into his head that rhymes, leaving him lacking a message.<BR>09-Blood Hound : So terrible, I reserve my comments.<BR>10-Back Down : Ja rule diss, weak rhymes, but and engrossing beat. 50 doesn't even intelligently diss Ja rule. He makes stupid statements like &quot;You is a pop-tart sweetheart, you soft in the middle.&quot;<BR>11-P.I.M.P : You heard it? What do you think?<BR>12-Like My Style : Surely enough, another great beat, but still lyrically weak and lacking of meaning.<BR>13-Poor Lil Rich : This song is so sickening i don't think i've ever heard it from A to Z. 50 is just tooo weak.<BR>14-21 Questions : This man has been shot, stabbed, sent to jail, and he ends up rappin about stuff like &quot;If i wrote ua love letter would you write back?&quot;<br />15-Don't Push Me: Amazing beat, Eminem and Lloyd Banks drop some serious rhymes and flows in this one. But 50, though and improvement from other rhymers, he still can't match up to the other rhymes on this track<BR>16- gotta make it to heaven : And this rate, he won't even make it to the gates.<BR>(Bonus)<BR>17-Wanksta : You heard it ain't you? Notice the way the talked about a shawty and about then talks about his homeys and then disses a gangsta. This man has no focus on what he's rapping about.<BR>18- U Not Like Me: Catchy Chorus, nice beat, okay rhymes.<br />All in all , run from this CD. u can learn nothing from 50 as an aspiring rapper, but if you just want to dance, then by all means get this album
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|alright so the strokes are really good. despite being labeled as the saviors of rock and roll (which is wrong, not one band can save rock and roll, but gradually it is getting better thanks in part to radiohead and the like.)<BR>   i got the strokes first album a while back, and found the tunes easy to go along with, and the music just flows along. but i kind of just stopped listening to the cd after a while and listened to a lot of different things (radiohead, flaming lips, nirvana, led zeppelin, cowboy junkies, shryl crow, The Dandy Warhols, Interpol) and when i went back to the Strokes, i found that their sound wasnt as punctuating as i remember. i couldnt find out what was missing from the music, but after awhile i discovered the missing layer: drums. <BR>    bands like Interpol (another N.Y.C. band that is quite good) use drums that just pound, and add a completely new bassy layer to the music. bass guitar is nice, but with out the sound of deep drums, it sounds sparse. sometimes the drums for the strokes sounds good, but mostly it sounds like someone tapping on a wooden table with their palms. <br />but i must admit on Room on Fire, they've improved. these new wave of bands are really making a difference and at least override a lot of that crazy heroine rock(Korn, Staind) and electronics/guitar/rap/screaming and yelling music (Linkin Park) that is played incesantly on the radio today.<br />Best Bands right now:<BR>1.Radiohead<BR>2.Interpol<BR>3.The Strokes<BR>4.The Dandy Warhols (really REALLY good stuff, just amazing, buy Thirteen Takes from Utter Bohemia or whatever its called) <BR>5.The Flaming Lips<BR>6.Spoon<BR>7.Cowboy Junkies<br />lots of others
0790729628|5.0|One of the few science fiction films in the last 20 years to rival Ridley Scott's Blade Runner is Steven Spielberg's 2003 effort Minority Report. Guess what: they're both adaptations of stories by Phillip K Dick.<br />I think Minority Report is in large part homage to Blade Runner (as is the Matrix, actually): the futuristic city, transport and all pervasive advertising is all there, but Spielberg (whilst making an undeniably wonderful film) hasn't mustered anything like the design, style or brooding atmosphere of Blade Runner: Scott's use of backlight (used to great effect in picking out the retinas of the replicants and - ha - Deckard) and constantly swishing spotlights, invading and infusing ones privacy through venetian blinds and grilles, holes and apretures, creates a real sense of resigned paranoia.<br />It's hardly a case of substance over style, though: the material, being Phillip K. Dick, is first rate - Dick's interest in exploring the irony of the human condition is well tapped, to leave you with a great deal to ponder as you leave the theatre. Is Deckard a replicant, then?<br />Performances are exemplarary throughout, particularly Sean Young and Rutger Hauer as superhumans with a real achilles heel. Even the Vangelis soundtrack, which no doubt went through a period in the early nineties of sounding horribly dated, has come back into fashion, and suits the mood of the film admirably.<br />Classic cinema.
B0000CABBW|5.0|In a New Zealand coastal community, the long-awaited arrival of a Maori tribe's next leader is frustrated when the male grandchild of the Maori Chief dies in childbirth, along with his mother, leaving a surviving twin sister. The infant's father, Porourangi (Cliff Curtis) names the girl Paikea after the first Maori of legend who came to New Zealand on the back of a whale, the name intended for her deceased brother. Unable to face his father's expectations and tribal life after the death of his wife and son, Porourangi leaves New Zealand to pursue a  career abroad and leaves his young daughter in the care of her grandparents, Koro (Rawiri Paratene), the tribe's Chief, and Nanny Flowers (Vicky Haughton). The precocious and fearless child, whom everyone calls Pai, wins the heart of her grandparents. But her grandfather still openly laments that Pai is not a boy who could inherit the responsibilities of chief, and he is anxious about his people's fate without a leader to guide them. When Pai  (Keisha Castle-Hughes) is 12 years old, she begins to think that she might be that leader, in spite of her gender. And her refusal to yield to the traditions which prohibit her from assuming a leadership role threaten to irreparably damage her relationship with her grandfather.<br /><br />&#34;Whale Rider&#34; is inspired by the children's novel of the same name by Maori novelist Witi Ihimaera. It was adapted for the screen and expertly directed by New Zealander Niki Caro. This is a very lyrical film that is perfectly paced, so the audience never has a chance to get bored. The characters are all down-to-earth people who are nevertheless not simplistic, and each is sympathetic in his or her own way. The beautiful imagery of the New Zealand coast and the Maori traditions are a pleasure to watch. But the film deals with the universal themes of the traditional coming into conflict with the new and the younger generation with the old. The entire cast is excellent. And newcomer Keisha Castle-Hughes is nothing short of astounding. Her portrayal of Pai is luminous and completely convincing. She pulls the audience into this story the minute she appears on screen. &#34;Whale Rider&#34; is an enchanting film which both children and adults will enjoy.<br /><br />The DVD: Bonus features include: theatrical trailers, tv spots, deleted scenes, a &#34;behind the scenes&#34; documentary, a documentary of the construction of a Maori war canoe for the film, 5 tracks from the film's score, and a photo gallery. I recommend both documentaries. One is a &#34;making of&#34; sort of thing, with interviews with the film's director and cast. The other is called &#34;Te Waka: Building the Canoe&#34; and explains how artists used both traditional and modern methods to construct a ceremonial Maori war canoe for the film in less than a month. The 5 complete tracks from the film's score are also a very nice bonus and may help you decide if you want to purchase the film's original score by composer Lisa Gerrard.s is nothing short of astounding. Her portrayal of Pai is luminous and completely convincing. She pulls the audience into this story the minute she appears on screen. &#34;Whale Rider&#34; is an enchanting film which both children and adults will enjoy.  The DVD: Bonus features include: theatrical trailers, tv spots, deleted scenes, a &#34;behind the scenes&#34; documentary, a documentary of the construction of a Maori war canoe for the film, 5 tracks from the film's score, and a photo gallery. I recommend both documentaries. One is a &#34;making of&#34; sort of thing, with interviews with the film's director and cast. The other is called &#34;Te Waka: Building the Canoe&#34; and explains how artists used both traditional and modern methods to construct a ceremonial Maori war canoe for the film in less than a month. The 5 complete tracks from the film's score are also a very nice bonus and may help you decide if you want to purchase the film's original score by composer Lisa Gerrard.
B000035Z3K|5.0|&quot;Dracula,&quot; aside from being one of my favorite movies, is one of the best DVDs that I own.  It is really incredible that so much is packed onto a single disk, and shows up the &quot;2-disk Special Editions&quot; as the marketing ploys that they really are.<br />Incredibly, there are two full versions of the film &quot;Dracula,&quot; the famous Bela Lugosi/Tod Browning version, and the Spanish-language version that was filmed at the same time.  In addition to this, a complete alternate score is included, composed by Philip Glass and played by the Kronos Quartet.  If that were not enough, there is a featurette by David J. Skal, that is a very interesting history of Dracula on film, along with a complete commentary by Skal.<br />While others may argue differently, to me the superior version, indeed the best Dracula of all times, is the Bela Lugosi/Tod Browning version with the updated score.  Glass supplies exactly what was missing from the original filming, and transforms a potentially hokey, outdated film into a masterpiece of Gothic Horror.  It is amazing to see what a new score can do for a film.
B0000C7PSW|5.0|This album is overwhelming, absorbing, lush, idiosyncratic, difficult, gorgeous.  The guy has chutzpah putting an album like this together.  He's so unabashedly daring in sampling from musical resources dating from 1803 to 2003.  Who does that now-a-days?!  Granted, his over-the-top style can be hard to take if you are a meat and potatoes kind of music fan.  But if you've ever loved the excesses of say, Terry Gilliam, the Beatles White Album, classical impressionist musicians such as Ravel and Debussy, and early '70s Frank Sinatra, hey, you may enjoy this album.  This is an album of excess.  It's indulgent.  Some of the above reviewers have criticized it for being inaccessible.  Who cares if not everyone gets it? There is too much accessible music out there--let's have something that enhances our artistic sensibilities; that challenges us.  PS-- If you've ever lived in or near the Lower East Side in Manhattan, you know where he's coming from.
0060537639|1.0|I picked this book up during a long layover at Heathrow.<BR>Amusingly, the English title is &quot;1421: The Year China<BR>Discovered the World&quot; (as opposed to &quot;America&quot;).  The<BR>publishers know their target markets, I guess.  At first<BR>glance, it looked to be a semi-serious popular history<BR>of the last voyages of the great Chinese exploration fleets,<BR>a topic which interests me, so I bought it.  What a<BR>disappointment! The author mutilates logic, history, biology,<BR>and linguistics to support his notions of what the Chinese <BR>might have done. The Chinese navigators probably did do <BR>some of the less ludicrous things that Menzies suggests.  <BR>But the intellectually dishonest style of the book actually<BR>makes me *less* inclined to believe it. I would recommend <BR>this book only to real fans of  pseudo-science, who will <BR>find many hours of amusement playing spot-the-fallacy in <BR>the 600-odd pages.  You have been warned.
B00005NI5Y|4.0|&quot;Love and Theft&quot; is first and foremost a work of aging poet. Bob Dylan's voice is as rugged as ever (and more worn-out than ever) and his songs-poems speak volumes as usual. The album, considered by both Amazon.com and Rolling Stone editors the very best long-player of 2001, ends up as a testimony that Dylan, despite his limitations (still not many of them) can still cut it.<br />A work of aging poet? Yes, the songs work more than poems than songs, as they don't contain verses and choruses (or bridges, for that matter) in traditional sense, but rather stanzas, even four or five in one song. Once you hear the first stanza, you know what a song is like, because afterwards only words change, the music repeats itself several times.<br />This may be a setback, although musically, the album is so varied that it still is a compelling listen even for those who don't care much for Dylan's contemporary folk. In fact, &quot;Love And Theft&quot; is as eclectic as it gets (albeit not so coherent -- and dark -- as its predecessor, &quot;Time Out Of Mind&quot;). Swing of &quot;Summer Days&quot; works really well, as does hard rock of &quot;Honest With Me&quot; and blues of &quot;Lonesome Day Blues&quot;. Folk ballads &quot;Bye And Bye&quot;, &quot;Po' Boy&quot; and &quot;Moonlight&quot; are the closest tracks to one another, with &quot;Moonlight&quot; being the most beautiful moment of the album.<br />Unlike &quot;Time Out Of Mind&quot;, this recording did not win Album of the Year Grammy, although it was nominated. The prize went to the soundtrack &quot;O Brother, Where Art Thou?&quot; Personally, I think that the choice was right, and I think that of the albums nominated, U2's &quot;All That You Can't Leave Behind&quot; is also a bit better than this album. Yet, I understand why some people, mostly music experts, love &quot;Love And Theft&quot; so much.
B00005JKC3|5.0|Two points I'll make.<br />1. Ang Lee is a genius<br />2. This is a dark movie<br />Ang Lee brings comic book sensibility to the big screen in the best way possible. Never before have you seen a movie done this way. Yes, this is a dark film. Yes, it deals with serious subjects. But that's the Hulk right? Yeah, he's a comic book classic, but he's also a metaphor for humanity itself.<br />This movie got dissed far too much last summer, hopefully this DVD release will change a few people's minds.
B00005JL0I|5.0|Though it superficially follows the Ian Fleming novel, this is my favorite Bond movie.  It's actually three directors' spoof of the Bond movie craze.  Watch for puns, side gags, and double entendres (I think I spelled that right.)
B00003CWL6|5.0|I went through a situation in my life that was very similar to what Lester was faced with. Instead of just keeping his mouth shut like everyone else, he went unconventional. Quitting his job and lusting after a teenager while smoking pot were his way of saying &quot;F*** You&quot; to those who would try to keep him trapped in their expectations of what they wanted him to be. I love this film because so many people in America are trapped in mundane lives like he was at the beginning of the movie. Everyone has to live in the same kind of neighborhood, send their kids to the same school and soccer fields, go out to eat every Friday, and pretend like this makes them happy. That's why we have the highest divorce rate in the world. Sure, he was killed in the end, but he was looking back at a time when his life was so simple. Look closer at your own life. Look closer at this movie.
0790733226|5.0|When I tell people this is one of my favorite films they look at me absolutely perplexed. I find the major complaint is that the alien turned out to be Jodie Foster's Dadio. I'm pretty sure I don't need to start detailing how it was actually an alien disguised holographically as her Father. It was quite obvious I'm sure to anyone who saw the film.    To those people I ask, what would you rather the alien had been? I mass of prosthetics and make-up? It would have been ridiculous.
B00005B36H|5.0|..because we hace more thant 1300 of them so everyone can choose.what can i add from myself about &quot;lateralus&quot;?<BR>well - it is definitly the best Progressive-metal album that came during last 10 years - it blows away even the hardcore and difficult Dream Teather albums!<BR>when it came two years ago i was thrilled and shocked that anyone could make such an amazing and original music - during this time the only so popular Metal bands were Limp Bizkit,Linkin Park or Crazy town which sucked a lot to me.<br />So if oyu like much more melodic and simple Num-metal stuff don't get this album - you might not understand the power of this music.if you are opened for all kinds of music it is  surely recomended to you.if you nevcer heard about tool this is the time!
B000059PQ2|4.0|I stumbled upon the twisted and surreal world of Dario Argento completely by accident. I am a horror movie affecionado and when I got my DVD player (soon upgrading to Blu-Ray) I was eager in purchasing as many horror films as possible- well at least the good ones. Unfortunately that's when I realized they're aren't that many good ones out there at all. Aside from the obvious classics - &quot;The Exorcist&quot;, &quot;Poltergeist&quot;, &quot;The Shining&quot;, &quot;Halloween&quot; etc I couldn't bring myself to purchase the other, countless horror trash- sure they make an entertaining viewing when they're shown on T.V but spending your hard earned cash on them is a little harder to do. That's where Dario comes in. Amazon.com steered me in his direction during my countless Amazon.com horror movie searches and I'm glad they did. Since then, I've purchased many of his more popular films namely &quot;Deep Red&quot;, &quot;Suspiria&quot;, &quot;Tenebrae&quot;, &quot;Inferno&quot;, &quot;Phenomena&quot; and &quot;Opera&quot;. Hollywood rarely makes movies like these anymore and the movie that comes to mind that is comparable in style is Brian de Palma's &quot;Dressed to Kill&quot;.<br /><br />&quot;Inferno&quot; is Argento's second entry in his Three Mother's Trilogy, the first being the now classic &quot;Suspiria&quot;. The story takes place in New York City where a beautiful young woman stumbles upon a book written by an alchemist who was responsible in building the dwelling places of the three infernal mothers. These three otherworldly women are evil sisters who control the world and are set in Germany, Italy and the US- New York City. Anyone who dares to investigate the book is brutally murdered by diabolical forces. Many critics have complained about the confusing plot of &quot;Inferno&quot; and not many have understood it. They have complained about the plot holes and confusing plot twists and with good reason. Even repeated viewings won't help answer many of the unanswered questions that remain however, the film is so stylish and so beautifully filmed, you almost have to surrender to its mysteries. For the Argento curiousity seeker, I recommend viewing the film as is, without digging too deep into the story. In my opinion, a good horror/suspense film should always leave you with questions unanswered. Do you really want every little detail explained to you like most, if not all of today's horror films? I don't. Argento does not give in to the viewers curiosity and created this tantalizing tale with twists, surreal images and style to boot. Even critics have commented on the visually stunning set pieces which include a flooded ball room holding many sinister secrets, ghostly drapes, twisted stairways, dark corridors with glowing eyes peeping through and like &quot;Suspiria&quot;, a whole array of visually stimulating colours are thrown in to assault the senses and they adorn the film to great effect. Whatever you think of the story, there is no denying Argento's trademark style is at it's best in &quot;Inferno&quot;.<br /><br />&quot;Phenomena&quot; is another Argento gem that needs to be viewed and not just by horror fans because it is not really a horror film. It's more of a disturbing fairy tale with the classically beautiful maiden, in this case the very young Jennifer Connelly, a murderous monster (or two), and several million insects. The story deals with a gifted young student who is sent to an all girls school in Switzerland. The beautiful Swiss landscapes is suddenly stained red with the blood of these innocent young girls as a monstrous killer lurks within the picturesque landscape. However little does our killer know that our heroine is able to control, through the use of mind power, insects who she manages to manipulate in order to find the killer. She is referred to in the film as &quot;Beelzebub - Lord of the Flies&quot;. Throw in a very smart Chimp with a straigh-razor, several thousand maggots, a detective fly,Argento's special brand of horror magic and you have a wonderfully morbid fairy tale. Other pluses include the gorgeous Swiss location, a  beautiful Jennifer Connelly in the beginning of her career and a film score which adds to the films dream-like quality. All combine to make &quot;Phenomena&quot; beautifully eerie!<br /><br />Both of these films are greatly recommended to anyone wanting to break out of the ordinary mold of your standard Hollywood horror movie. The plot to both of these films are extremely over the top, maybe a bit on the confusing side, hardly believable but it takes someone like Dario Argento to make all of these odd elements work. They all come together like some sort of surreal, abstract painting to be viewed and enjoyed with an open mind.Argento's special brand of horror magic and you have a wonderfully morbid fairy tale. Other pluses include the gorgeous Swiss location, a  beautiful Jennifer Connelly in the beginning of her career and a film score which adds to the films dream-like quality. All combine to make &quot;Phenomena&quot; beautifully eerie!<br /><br />Both of these films are greatly recommended to anyone wanting to break out of the ordinary mold of your standard Hollywood horror movie. The plot to both of these films are extremely over the top, maybe a bit on the confusing side, hardly believable but it takes someone like Dario Argento to make all of these odd elements work. They all come together like some sort of surreal, abstract painting to be viewed and enjoyed with an open mind.
B00005UEAR|5.0|It is amazing for a band to create a number of different albums and have none of them sound much like the previous. Dream Theater has done just that. Each disc combines hard-hitting music that makes you want to drive 100 miles an hour with soft and depressing balladry to calm even the most hyper.<BR>Many bands today accuse progressive artists for intentionally making things too complicated for the purpose of sounding awesome. Well, anyone who can read odd times and such knows good and well that Dream Theater does not fit into this pathetic excuse for emo rock bands to use against their superiors. In fact, I haven't found a single band that follows that category, though I haven't heard everyone.<BR>And don't even get me started on those people who complain that Mike Portnoy does too much behind the drumset...<br />Questions, complaints, whatever:  noleafclover@mad.scientist.com
0743455967|5.0|Do not expect this book to be a technical manual on writing fiction.  It will not give you rigid rules for writing.  However, if you go into it with that understanding you will surely be pleased with \\"On Writing\\" by Stephen King.<br />King said it himself that he wanted to write a book about writing, but he wanted it to be conversational.  He wanted it to feel like you're listening to him answer questions at a conference.<br />He opens with an oddly-charming and inspirational auto-biography.  If you are even marginally interested in the man's writing you will enjoy this section.  He talks about himself as a young man and his single mother and genius brother moving around the country and making ends meet.  He discloses the relationship he built with his wife Tabitha whilst a hippie writer in college.  He describes the feelings of losing his mother, rearing his own children, and the elation of his first major success in fiction writing.<br />The second section is \\"On Writing.\\"  King speaks generally about the craft of fiction writing.  He describes his work day routine and contrasts it with some others (most interesting to me was Vonnegut, I think, who never edited because he would put the words on the page exactly how he wanted them, typesetting and all).<br />King's key is to read a lot and write a lot.  Beyond that, I read between the lines to see a man who is fascinated by humanity.  He talks to people, experiences life, and he uses that in his writing.  He may not have come out and said it that explicitly, but it is apparent and really sort of inspiring.<br />King's remarks on language, dialogue, and editing were very enlightening and thought-provoking for me.  I will certainly remember what he said as I read fiction in the future.  He has given me some new ways to analyze what I read.<br />Finally King concludes with the tale of the van that hit him as he walked along the highway.  He describes the injuries and the rehabilitation.  I was underwhelmed by this final section, but perhaps that is because we already know so much about what happened.<br />In summary, \\"On Writing\\" is:<BR>a) a unique and memorable book you can breeze through in an afternoon,<BR>b) an absolute must for King fans,<BR>c) recommended to everyone.
0553812173|5.0|The book Gardens of the Moon is enjoyable.  It's often compared to both Martin and Jordan, and to be quite honest, if you like both Martin and Jordan (or either), you will love this series as a whole.<br />There are few great fantasy writers out there that have good enough plots, characters, and intrigue to keep you going, and Erikson is certainly up to the task.  This book is difficult to follow at first.  You are thrust into the middle of things to an extent, and there is little explanation of all the events going on around you.<br />My first take on reading this book was that Erikson is a 9 year old dungeon master pitting too many super powers against each other with little control, rules, or thought.  However, this illusion dies away as you read on through the series.  At the time of this writing, there have been 4 books released, and the wonderful thing is each book brings you new understanding of all the books before hand.  If permitted the time, I'd love to read this series a second time, because I'm sure all the books would take on so much more meaning. <br />Anyway, of fantasy authors I've read (and I've read virtually all of the major ones), I'd say Erikson easily is top 3.  If you're into fantasy you've almost certainly read Jordan and Martin, and so you really have little to lose by picking up Erikson.  Many people don't enjoy this book as much on first inspection.  I emplore you to read through book 2 before making any decisions on Erikson as an author though.
B00006879E|5.0|not long ago i went to see matchbox twenty and maroon 5 backed them up, as soon as i got back i looked for the album because they were absolutely amazin would recommend anyone to go and see them live, the music is upbeat lively individual, and live they  had that much charisma well worth it go and buy it!!!
B00006JJ1O|4.0|Settled between two years that contained large amounts of quality music, the year 2002 seemed to be a musical slump (with a few notable exceptions). One of such exceptions was the controversial group Tatu. Consisting of Russian teenagers Yulia Volkova and Lena Katina, the group was marketed as a lesbian couple facing the challenges of the unforgiving world. Some people believed the ploy, while others passed it off as a gimmick. The truth? Well it was a bit of both. One of the girls is bisexual, while the other is straight. But in all honesty, that doesn't even matter. What matters is the quality of the music on their albums. While the songs are intended to be about the girls and their relationship, they can be applied to any relationship; a fact that was overlooked while most people were debating about the sexualities of the singers. <br /> <br />\\"Not Gonna Get Us\\" sets up a common, recurring theme throughout the album: misunderstood relationships. Here, the girls sing about forbidden love and running away to escape the negative attitudes of others. Seeing as the girls could not speak much English when this album was released, it would be unreasonable to expect the most complex of lyrics, and of course they would not have had any hand in writing the songs. With that said, the lyrics have a touching sort of simplicity that conveys the message more accurately than complex lyrics would have. True, the song is repetitive because the chorus is repeated so much, however the overall atmosphere conveyed by it is beautiful in a melancholic kind of way. Following this was the single that introduced the girls to the American public, \\"All the Things She Said\\". The lyrics are touching and the vocals, though neither girl has a particularly amazing voice, convey the message perfectly. The song talks about confusion over feelings you were made to believe you should not have had in the first place. (\\"And I'm all mixed up/Feeling cornered and rushed/And they say it's my fault/But I want her so much\\"). This song has a sort of timelessness. Even four years later, the message  and the overall sound could easily fit in with today's music. <br /> <br />\\"Show Me Love\\" has seemingly odd lyrics at first, however after hearing them several times they make sense. The girls both sound genuinely lost while singing this song about loneliness and what seems to be a broken relationship. The first verse sets the tone perfectly: \\"This was an accident/Not the kind where sirens sound/Never even noticed/We're suddenly crumbling.\\" Despite the fact that the girls probably have little idea what they are saying, they have a knack for injecting the perfect kind of emotion into their songs. They generate real sympathy, while singing about situations applicable to nearly any relationship. \\"30 Minutes\\" begins eerily with one of the girls whispering \\"Mama, Papa, forgive me.\\" It then proceeds to describe the girls attempting to make a difficult decision. To me, it sounds either as if they are deciding if they should come out, or possibly if they should break up to please the beliefs of others. Sung beautifully, this song also contains a creepy background of carousel music and children laughing.  <br /> <br />A cover of the Smith's \\"How Soon Is Now?\\" follows, and garnered much criticism for supposedly ruining the song. I personally think it is a huge improvement, because the original was far too slow and droning for my tastes. The lyrics apply quite well to the girls' (alleged) plight of their relationship being misunderstood. (\\"I am human and I need to be loved/Just like anybody else does\\"). Following this is \\"Clowns (Can You See Me Now?)\\" which has the most complex (and confusing) lyrics of all songs on the album. Nonetheless, it is a great song and the girls sound great together. Despite the baffling nature of the lyrics, they are quite poetic, thus making for an overall well-done song. \\"Malchik Gay\\" (which means \\"Gay Boy\\") takes the opposite approach. Instead of talkingabout the relationship between the two girls, it discusses one of the girls falling in love with a gay boy. Although the song is upbeat, the girls sound genuinely lonely and convey the hopelessness of the situation accurately. The last English song is easily one of the highlights. \\"Stars\\" showcases Lena singing beautifully in English and Yulia rapping in Russian. This atmospheric and emotive song easily is the best vocal performance (even though only one of the girls actually sings) and is an excellent end to the new material on the album.  <br /> <br />The last three songs on the girls' debut are Russian versions of \\"All The Things She Said\\" (\\"Ya Soshla S Uma\\", \\"Not Gonna Get Us\\" (\\"Nas Ne Dagonjat\\"), and an extended version of \\"Show Me Love\\". The Russian songs give us a more accurate impression of the girl's talent, as they sing with much more passion in their native language. The girls obviously connect better with their songs when they actually understand what they are singing, and both of these songs are as good as (if not better than) their English counterparts. \\"Show Me Love\\" remains essentially the same, except that the chorus is repeated several extra times. To some, this would become extremely irritating however I think that it works quite well.  <br /> <br />Overall Mark: 4.5/5 <br /> <br />If one puts aside the controversy of the girls' sexualities, they have provided an excellent English debut, especially when you take into account that they could barely understand what they were singing. There is definite room for improvement, as vocals in particular are good but could be much better. What astounds me most is that although these girls had absolutely nothing to do with the lyrics, their lyrics are much deeper than most native English singers. The Russian versions of the singles in particular showcase the girls' potential, although all songs have a depth and passion to them. All songs are effective in conveying the messages about relationships that can apply to nearly every situation. Thus, the girls have created an exceptional debut that is easy for most people to relate to.   <br />
0788821075|5.0|I Like It Because It Has Got My Fav Songs In It The Artists Are Roy Orbison And Roxette Bye!
1591391105|5.0|I am the CEO of a successful holding company involved in diversification.  I was drawn to this book because I was looking for a roadmap for leaders to jump start their success.  This wonderful book provides the necessary critical strategies.  I recommend that leaders on all levels read this book and another, Optimal Thinking: How To Be Your Best Self to understand the shortcomings of suboptimal thinking in corporate culture and to create a team of optimizers who optimize every situation.  Five stars for each of these books!
0783226063|3.0|it must be said...Oh crap, it's a classic. Have to make this short as just about to watch a katey hepburn classic on tv - this is a film I've seen several times, twice at cinema, several times on tv and video also 1/2 times on dvd.<br />This time I will deal with te accusation of weak blacks in the dvd transfer (no, not a racial issue).<br />In the &quot;making of dune&quot; by ed naha, the DOP stated that it was his intention that there be no true blacks in his film....always browny blacks. If you've ever seen this at the cinema you'll realise this was so.<br />Will continue soon, must get back to kate.<br />Doc
B00005JKC3|2.0|This movie could have been great,but they had to stray from the comic book orgin with a crazy story about Banners dad blowing stuff up and injecting himself with the chemicals that are passed to his son and help create the Hulk. This is all found out through split screen antics and alot of flashbacks that detract from the film. The movie is at its best with The HULK in action,his c.g. persona is quite beliveable and the action scenes are great. The actor playing Banner was mis-cast. He seems unlikeable from the start and we are tormented ourselves as we keep flashing back to his childhood. The first 40 miniutes are wasted why they try to describe all of this and how the HULK was created. I swear, the guy playing Banner was as stiff as a board in his acting except when we were treated to the transformation of The HULK. Good and bad.
B00006879E|5.0|It's rare that you find an album where you like every song.  This is one of them.  The vocals are awesome and I enjoy every tune.
B00008DDXC|5.0|Real Great follow up not only tops the first movie in spades but blows away any sequel that has been out in a couple of years. Daniel Radcliffe and the rest of the gang deliver great performances and the special effects are far and beyond the first movie. I hope the next movie can live up to this.
B00005JLT5|1.0|How can anybody admire, or even watch, a movie made by an alleged rapist who fled the US to escape justice?  Until he comes back to face the courts, and to do his sentence (whatever it may be) like a man instead of a coward, his movies should be ignored.  Talent does not matter.  Neither does the important subject matter of the Holocaust.  That's it.
B000006IUQ|2.0|This movie is so hokey and predictable, I can't believe it was written by the same mind who gave us &quot;Glengarry Glen Ross.&quot;  I have so many problems with this film, but I'll just list the main ones: (1) unoriginal plot (disaster strikes on a trip into the wilderness.  Only the 999th movie to give us that lame storyline.) (2)  After the &quot;PLANE CRASH!!!&quot;, when the big bear is killed, all of a sudden there is no more bear threat.  it's like there were only two bears in that whole wilderness.  With all the bleeding going on between those three guys, bears would have been having a festival with those nimrods.  (3)  Then, it was so implausible to me that Alec Baldwin's character, Bob, would try to kill Anthony Hopkins' character, Charles, who had singlehandedly killed a bear and saved their lives --- because he, Bob, was SECRETLY in love with Charles' wife, the beautiful supermodel back at the warm cozy hunting lodge!  Wouldn't he at least have waited until he was a little bit closer to being found?  (4)  Later, when Bob is injured and bleeding badly, he fades out for a second and Charles says &quot;Don't die on me, Bob!&quot;  Hello!  Is that not the most hackneyed line in show business?  and (5) my personal favorite:  just when Bob is playing his deathbed scene --- cue the helicopter to appear through the mountain fog!  They're saved!  All is well!  But, (6) Ooops!  Bob just died while the helicopter was buzzing the mountainside!  Then, when it mercifully fades to black, we see &quot;The producers would like to thank 'BART THE BEAR' for his contribution to this motion picture.  Puhleeeeeeze!  Just a horrible, unoriginal film.  The only redeeming features were two performances:  First and foremost Anthony Hopkins.  He made chicken salad out of you know what.  And believe it or not, supermodel Elle Macpherson, in the small role of Charles' wife, is not bad.  It was a revelation to be a supermodel come through with an understated performance with some nice depth even when she's not speaking; it was very nice.  As far as the other actors, they were all right, but nothing great.  Alec Baldwin did his usual grimacing, shouting and gnashing of teeth; nothing new from him.  I stayed up until 3:30 in the morning watching this thing, waiting for it to become a good film.  I kept telling myself &quot;This is Mamet.  Come on!&quot;  A total disappointment.  At least the cinematography was good.  And the music was quite good.  But the rest of it: A big ole stinker.  But I am giving it 2 stars, just because it's Mamet, and I'm sure if I know Hollywood, they probably made him put in some of that junk.
B00009TB5G|5.0|Lord of the Rings is one of the best films of all time. The Fellowship was amazing and the Two Towers was just as good. The fanboys that complain about the films not being as good as the books dont realize that its VERY difficult to compress the book version of the story into a movie. <br />Peter Jackson did a very nice job considering alot of the stuff from the books had to be cut from the film. But that is ok, because seeing these on film ingulf you into the story. Tbe actors, scenes, and graphics are amazingly good. <br />That is what's so great about the extended edition! You will get to see many of the scenes that had to be cut in the original movie. Plus you get tons of behind-the-scenes footage and bonus stuff.  In one word... FANTASTIC!
0804106304|1.0|The Joy Luck Club is perhaps the worst book I have ever read.  The plot, focusing on four Asian women and their children, is an utmost disappointment.  The book has no particular plot-line, and each of the small stories is as bad as the one before it.  Don't waste your money on this book!
0446530891|4.0|David Baldacci burst on the scene with his action-adventure novel ABSOLUTE POWER; while his next four books included some elements of mystery they were all basically in the genre of the original work. However, when SAVING FAITH was followed by WISH YOU WELL, an intensely personal story of Applachian hardship and its effect on all the lives that it touched, it was clear that he possessed more versatility as an author than his early work had indicated. He then returned to the action-adventure genre with the successful LAST MAN STANDING, an incredibly suspenseful but overly long story involving the unraveling of a very complicated mystery (four star review of 9/18/02). He then once again demonstrated his versatility with THE CHRISTMAS TRAIN, a delightful novel with marvelous character development in the guise of a mystery (five star review of 11/20/02). SPLIT SECOND returns to his original genre but with sporadic intense action interspersed with a complicated mystery involving two Secret Service agents whose careers were each destroyed in the &quot;SPLIT SECOND&quot; that it took for the presidential candidates whom they were guarding to be the victims of foul play. <br />On September 26th, 1996, Clyde Ritter was killed by an assassin while campaigning for President; that assassin was then immediately shot to death by Agent Sean King. But as Baldacci observes, &quot;three men had actually died that day, and King had been one of them... [but King] had it far worse than the others...they went into their coffins and were forever mourned...after his death his burden was that he had to keep right on living&quot;. Eight years later, King has gradually constructed an &quot;unspectacular&quot; life for himself, but this life is suddenly disrupted by a seies of killings in which he becomes a suspect. At the same time, Agent Michelle Maxwell's Secret Service career is destroyed when John Bruno, the candidate whom she is guarding is mysteriously kidnapped and a fellow agent in her detail murdered by individuals whose motivation is a complete mystery. Michelle becomes obsessed with the simalarities between the Bruno and Ritter incidents and eventually convinces Sean to join forces with her in attemting to locate John Bruno and investigate the highly improbable fact that there is a connection between the recent killings in his community and the events involving Bruno and Ritter. A romantic complication and additional intrigue and plot complications are provided by the appearance of Joan Dillinger, a fellow agent of Scotts who was at the scene of the Ritter assasination and is now working for a private agency hired to find John Bruno.<br />Needless to say, the plot is complicated, and it is often unclear which events are truly connected and what are just surprising coincidences. While I really enjoyed the story and found it hard to put down, it had some flaws which after some deliberation kept me from rating it five stars. First, the narration switched between the first person and the third person, and while the technique was very effective it was irritating at times. Sean King would be the narrator and yet suddenly you would not be privy to certain thoughts that he had or conclusions which he had drawn. Since this was offset by information provided by the author that Sean did not have available, it was like the reader was trying to solve the mystery with different (although overlapping) clues than the characters in the story. Second, while the story was very clever and internally consistent some elements were quite unlikely or farfetched. Third, while in retrospect there were some clues available to the reader as to the eventual solution to the mystery, the misdirection and withholding of some crucial information make it overly difficult to anticipate who the mysterious central character &quot;Buick Man&quot; really is and what his motivation might be. Last, the ending was quite contived and abrupt, although it does seem to indicate that we might meet Sean and Michelle again. So, I highly recommend this book to those readers who want a blend of mystery and action in the typical Baldacci style, and felt that it benefitted from the fact that it was more concisely written than LAST MAN STANDING.<br />Tucker Andersen
B00005JMD3|5.0|This was probably the best action movie I have ever seen... Actually it's probably the best movie I've even seen.  With an  oustanding preformance by, Colin Farrel.  This fast paced movie keeps you going. [...]
B000001FS3|5.0|WHATEVER to all the cynical, clueless teens and 20 somethings on here that are dragging down The Joshua Tree's should be 5-star rating to a 4.5 by '2 and 3-staring' this album with an I'm too cool &quot;This album is overrated man&quot; attitude....gimme a break....whatever?!?! -- put down your mouse and go listen to some commercially over pretentious Creed already will ya?!?!....listen, if it were possible, The Joshua Tree should get 10 stars....and if you like U2 and are reading this to find out more about this album before purchasing it....all I gotta say to you is how in the world do you like U2 and not own this album already!!....get it ASAP will ya!!!!....listen, The Joshua Tree solidified U2 as one of the greatest Rock 'n Roll bands of all time....and more so than the rawer War and the much more 'produced'/successfully experimental Achtung Baby (both of which I also LOVE by the way!), it still truly DEFINES U2 to this day - as evidenced by their very similar latest release All That You Can't Leave Behind....it's easily one of the 20 greatest albums of all time period end of story....the opening trio of Where The Streets, I Still Haven't Found &amp; With or Without You may be the best opening three songs on any album ever made....and the rest is excellent as well....Red Hill Mining Town may be the most underated U2 song out there....In God's Country and One Tree Hill are also superb....just one question? -- when are they going to digitally remaster it already?
B000002UAX|5.0|I love this album, really, the Paul's job is amazing, i think that the majority of the great songs are written for him.<BR>i love Helter Skelter, Back In the US,  BlackBird, Martha my Dear, Ob-la-di ob-la-da, Rocky Raccoon, Why don't we do it in the Road, I Will, Birthay, Mother Nature' Son...<BR>The george's job is amazing too...: while my guitar gently weeps is a gem.<BR>i love too John's songs : Happiness is a Warm Gun, Revolution 1, Julia, Yer Blues (typical john's rock/blues style), Sexy Sadie, Dear Prudence<br />The geniality made music
B0000A1RJI|5.0|'Can't improve on any of the glowing praise previously bestowed upon this great score.<br />Because of its brevity, I anxiously await the FULL treatment.<br />C'mon, Disney, it's a major success and is deserving of a remastering and revamping.
B000060P79|4.0|Simple Plan has released an awesome CD; every track well worth your time. There is a fun kind of bubblegum sound to it while at the same time there also a serious tone. Even though it might not have the most meaningful lyrics (ex. &quot;My Alien&quot;) for you to ponder, you can't help resist the great melodies present all throughout the tracks. You won't be disappointed if you purchase No Pads, No Helmets...Just Balls.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|With this CD, the Strokes have proven to me that they have what all my favorite bands have always had--an ineffable, magical quality that transcends the words, chords and riffs. There have been many bands over the years who I've really wanted to like, who are so close to brillance it's enough to drive you mad--they should be great, but aren't. The Strokes, on the other hand, should be just another garage band, but somehow..., they're more than that. They could go on to be the Beatles, as far as I'm concerned. Don't misunderstand, this CD is not a great leap forward; it's just another collection of clumsy, quirky, but great songs. They're off in their own orbit, already unique and special, I just hope they keep making records and see it through. They haven't tampered with the sound yet, so if you liked the first one, stop f-ing around and get this one. You have to, you don't need me to tell you that....
B00005JKZU|1.0|The scenery is beautiful, but this film really wasn't much better than the first.  It's too bad the one interesting character, Bilbo Baggins doesn't appear in this movie, since none of the characters are very interesting or bright.  In addition, there is a lot of sexism in this film. The elf king's niece is virtually the only female in the entire film and she really offers nothing to the film.  The war scene in the end was silly to the point of being laughable.  It's the males who jump into battle while the women are herded into these caves and wait for the men to finish their battle.  Even the war itself is over a lot of tripe over power and who will get the so-called important ring, which Frodo is trying to get to Mordor.<br />Frodo is supposed to be the hero of the film, but struck me as rather dull and insipid and it's idiotic the way he and his yes-man Samwise use Gollum to lead them to Mordor, yet they treat Gollum like trash most of the time.  I can see why Gollum resented them and the only reason he grudgingly leads the hobbits is because he wants the ring for himself.  Gollum is rather funny when he mentally battles himself over the ring.<br />Sam's a bit dull, but at least he has more integrity than Frodo, who wallows in self-pity on how burdensome the ring is and we can see Frodo is getting rather small-minded and selfish over the ring and even attacks Sam over it.<br />People compare Frodo to Harry Potter, but Frodo is nowhere near as intelligent and expressive and deep as Harry; throughout most of the movie, even though they go through all these \\"adventures,\\" Frodo seems stuck on the bug-eyed, bewildered shock expressions; unlike Harry, Frodo's face doesn't capture much soul or feeling.  A recent *Mad* magazine spoof on this movie captured Frodo's look perfectly, making me laugh...\\"the bug-eyed stunned look\\"; that look sure stayed plastered on Frodo's face for almost the whole two and a half hours.<br />A few redeeming qualities were the moving trees; that made me laugh and Gollum; he was rather funny as well.<br />Also, the movie is supposed to be fantasy and magic, but I really saw very little true magic or fantasy; to me, it struck me as a hackneyed medieval movie full of cliched lines about battles, \\"honor\\" and \\"destiny\\" with a few pointed ears and hobbits thrown in; even the elves looked too normal to be truly magical.  If you really want to see true magic and supernatural forces in action (as well as original plots and true equality between the sexes), the Harry Potter movies are better for it.hat made me laugh and Gollum; he was rather funny as well.<br />Also, the movie is supposed to be fantasy and magic, but I really saw very little true magic or fantasy; to me, it struck me as a hackneyed medieval movie full of cliched lines about battles, \\"honor\\" and \\"destiny\\" with a few pointed ears and hobbits thrown in; even the elves looked too normal to be truly magical.  If you really want to see true magic and supernatural forces in action (as well as original plots and true equality between the sexes), the Harry Potter movies are better for it.
B00009UW0N|5.0|I own 1,2,4,5,6,7 &amp;8! I don't own 3! I don't like it.
B00005QIPH|5.0|all the people who put this down are just too picky. who cares if it sounds like the velvets? personally, john cale and his viola kinda ruin the velvets anyway, and take away from the greatness of such classic songs like &quot;heroin&quot;. anyway...the strokes are doing something that is good....they are practically changing music back to the way it was and it should be, along with other great bands (brmc, dmb, coldplay, etc.) buy this album...it reminds me of bob dylan a little bit, especially the title track
B00005JL2O|2.0|I liked Austin Powers I and II but this third one is a total bummer. This movie was made simply to put Hollywood's big shot celebrities and MTV pop culture up on a pedestal. Many of the big shot names made brief and absolutely pointless appearances. Second of all, it doesn't continue off as a sequel to the last movie the way Austin Powers II did. Whatever became of his girlfriend/sidekick (played by Heather Graham) from the last Austin Powers movie? That's a total mystery. <BR>Perhaps a couple of scenes (not too many at all) are funny, but the story line just has no point to it. It becomes very difficult to keep up with because they keep taking time out to throw in these unnecessary scenes featuring famous celebrities, which becomes just plain annoying after a while. <BR>Last, but not least, not only is Beyonce Knowles a bad actress, but she also makes for a poor sidekick for Austin. Her good-girl professional image is not Austin Powers material. What were they thinking??? C'mon folks, Austin Powers is supposed to be the man! He always gets the girl in the end. What happened here??? He had a sexy, attractive woman like Beyonce Knowles next to him and he was scared to even try anything! Did Austin lose his mojo or what? WHATEVER??? <BR>If you wan't real hilarious, tongue in cheek Austin Powers, I recommend getting the first and second of the series. This one, you can skip.
B0000640VM|4.0|Really, I liked this movie a lot (it's one of my favorites), however, why does it seem to me like dobermans are always the bad guys? Being my favorite breed of dogs, dobermans are almost always (if not always) given a bad rep in the movies, and I don't think it's very nice. Maybe if there were a couple nice dobes in movies out there, people wouldn't misjudge them as much as they do.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|I think the reason that people didn't get or hated this movie, is the fact that the story line wasn't the same predictable paint by the numbers plot/formula/story that people are used to watching nowadays.  As soon as the the plot thickened, certain people tuned out cause they couldn't follow the story or couldn't accept that it was the exact opposite of what they believed THE MATRIX should be.  I praise the Wachowski for having the cojones to write this!! <br />The movie truly changes your perspective of what you believe THE MATRIX is supposed to be. The first movie was mind bending, so why would you think that this one wouldn't be?? The first one didn't give you a clue of what the 2nd has to offer, and it shouldn't anyway!! That was the whole point of this narrative, what you think is real isn't/your preconceived ideas are wrong.  <br />When I saw the despair on Morpheus' face as it dawned on him that what he believed in was a lie, that sinking feeling, I think that was  exactly what the people who hated this movie felt.  I felt that way when the Architect was explaining the whole \\"Circle of life\\" thing to Neo, that it was all pointless, that everything Neo did was predestined, that he didn't have a choice in the matter, it was all pre programmed.  The Architect was proven wrong, when Neo chose Trinity.  If they mentally stuck long enough and digested the implications of the last showdown with Neo and the machine's, they would've seen that here was the whole pivotal point of the movie!! That Neo's abilities/powers/mojo is able to cross over from the MATRIX to the real world!!! I thought that was an excellent \\"kick in the pants\\" twist.  That also brings to light the parallel cross over of Mr Smith, when he \\"possessed\\" the human, obviously there will be more to this in REVOLUTIONS.  <br />Furthermore, IT'S ONLY THE 2ND PART!!! Don't expect a conclusion when you are in the middle of the story!! DUH!  It's like when some people said \\"TLOTR: the 2 towers\\" left you hanging, of course it did!!! AARRGGHH!!<br />So, I suggest that you watch the movie for yourself. Think. Chew over it. If you have to watch it again, WATCH IT! Then you'll understand that this is an awesome movie!  Don't take my word for it go see it!! Again if you have to! Darn it!
B000001ZS4|1.0|Seeing so many 5 star reviews for this CD is flat out laughable.  I was disappointed that I couldn't give it zero stars.  I am a long time electronic music fan but this CD is like one really long extended mix of some horribly cheesy TV show theme.  Don't waste your money.
B00005OM4N|3.0|Britney Spears goes for an edgier, more diverse sound on her third album, Britney.  With her disco track \\"Anticipating\\" and her re-make of \\"I Love Rock `n' Roll\\", Britney puts a modern twist on retro tunes.  Tracks like \\"I'm a Slave 4 U\\" and \\"Boys\\" have more of an electro funk hip-hop style.  Going for something edgier, she has even added the words \\"hell\\" and \\"damn\\" into her lyrical vocabulary.  Don't worry Britney fans; with tracks like \\"Overprotected\\" and \\"Bombastic Love\\", Britney hasn't completely forgotten her bubblegum roots.   According to the album, Britney's growing up, she's not naive, and she's not going to be taken advantage of.  Britney is indeed growing up, but she still has a lot of growing to do.  Her vocals don't rival Whitney's or Mariah's, but they do show some maturity on the album's only ballad \\"Not a Girl, Not Yet a Woman.\\"  If you are in the mood for some catchy choruses mixed with eclectic beats definitely give Britney a chance.
B000002UDD|5.0|The most underrated thrash metal album of all time opens with a whirling, precipitous instrumental that truly creates the sensation of plummeting helplessly Into the Lungs of Hell.  Set the World Afire, although not a particularly catchy tune, is a showcase of shredding, dissonant riffs.  Anarchy in the U.S.A. exemplifies how Megadeth, bestowed with proficient musicians no matter what the line-up, eclipses the original anytime they cover a song.  Mary Jane is a haunting track replete with melodrammatic emotion, a paragon of what a metal song should be.  One of the week points of the album is the lackluster chorus of 502, while the rest of the song runs smoothly and evokes quite well a sense of speeding recklessly down the highway.  Although the beginning of In My Darkest Hour is reminiscent of For Whom the Bell Tolls, the more dynamic and sincere Megadeth ballad will make you forget the Metallica hit.  While seemingly incomplete, Liar is nevertheless a worthwhile listen and maliciously fun.  Although not as impressive as So Far, So Good...So What!'s grandiose overture, the final track, Hook in Mouth, closes the album on a nevertheless high note by combining catchy lyrics with a spine-chilling guitar solo.  Megadeth's third release is certainly not without its foibles.  Flaws in production have left the drums in the lurch.  Due to the departure of the skilled jazz musicians Chris Poland and Gar Samuelson, the groove that characterized the band's first two records has diminished.  Yet, So Far... So Good... So What! is saturated with raw innovation and nimble guitar virtuosismo, which make it one of the best thrash albums of all time.
0783225792|4.0|As stated above, &quot;Casino&quot; is another in a long list of director Martin Scorsese's classic films that can be described as a &quot;must see&quot; for fans of the mob movie genre.  As is usual with a Martin Scorsese mob film, it is &quot;loosely&quot; based on the true story of Frank &quot;Lefty&quot; Rosenthal.  Although the film is not quite as fast paced as &quot;Goodfellas&quot; or some of Scorsese's other works, it is definitely a very worthwhile endeavor to watch this movie.<br />The star of this film is of course, Robert DeNiro in the lead role of &quot;Ace&quot; Rosenthal and his performance is as spectacular as usual, lending heavily to his &quot;mob&quot; persona.  Joe Pesci does another outstanding job in the role of Nicky Santoro.  The truly outstanding performance of this movie and probably her best performance ever came from Sharon Stone in the role of Ginger Mckenna/Rosenthal.  In no uncertain terms, she truly out did herself with her performance in the role of a woman who went from one end of the extreme to the other.  I find it truly surprising that she didn't win an Oscar for this performance.<br />The score for the film fit perfectly with every scene, adding beautifully to every moment of the film.<br />The Premise:<br />&quot;Casino&quot; tells the tale of how the mafia came to power within the Las Vegas casinos and the town itself and then, given its &quot;nature,&quot; ultimately brought about its own end by resorting to their usual practices, leaving big corporations to take over and turning it into an &quot;adult Disneyland.&quot;<br />&quot;Ace&quot; Rosenthal a Jewish man who has very close ties to the mafia because he grew up with Nicky Santoro, is given the opportunity to go to Las Vegas and run the Tangiers Casino, based on his past performance as a great earner for the family.  The &quot;family&quot; is quite pleased due to the amount of money they start bringing in and in an effort to continue making that kind of money; they send Nicky Santoro to Vegas to help protect &quot;Ace.&quot;  <br />Here is where the problems begin due to Nicky Santoro's sadistic nature and his less than subtle style and he soon starts receiving a lot of &quot;Federal&quot; attention.  At the same time, &quot;Ace&quot; is trying to hold together his marriage with Ginger, who is an alcoholic and she cannot truly shake her childhood friend Lester Diamond who is a degenerate gambler and cocaine addict.<br />Taking these pressures and the continued pressure from the bosses for their skim, the movie culminates into a classic and memorable mob movie ending.<br />Although I wouldn't rate &quot;Casino&quot; as highly as &quot;Goodfellas,&quot; I highly recommend this film to any and all fans of the genre.  {ssintrepid}<br />Special Features:<br />This is the one true disappointment of the DVD as it is woefully lacking in special features; which ultimately is fine considering that's it's all about the movie in the end.<br />- Production notes<BR>- Actor bios<BR>- 1 Theatrical trailer
B000000H6D|5.0|It's a reality no metal, prog or gothic fan can escape the greatness, beauty &amp; power of 2 epics such as &quot;Christian Woman&quot; and &quot;Black No.1&quot;. All these guys are dam good musicians, and the voice and charisma of Peter Steele is, for me, only compared with Andrew Eldritch, mind and soul of The Sisters Of Mercy.<br />But there is more in this album besides those 2 classics, and that's why it becomes so solid: Summer Breeze, We Hate Everyone and the title track Bloody Kisses (A Death In The Family) can also be listened over and over again. Humor is no doubt present throughout the album but never in a stupid way, only with the tune becoming softer.<br />&quot;Bloody Kisses&quot; is probably the best way to start knowing this unique band. Definitely for me it was.
B0000AM6K2|3.0|Call it 3.5 stars.<BR>Don't be misled, this album borrows more from the Jackson Browne school of music more so than any soul, funk, or rock (that I love) - this is purely pop music.<BR>But the thing is, I hate Jackson Browne. Why do I like this?<BR>Maybe it's the irresistable catchiness of some of the songs - &quot;Slaveship&quot; is stupid and inane, but I really enjoy it. Maybe it's the startling breadth of the sonic collage that Rouse puts together - &quot;Comeback (Light Therapy)&quot; contains virtually every instrument under the sun and jumbles it into an irresistably funky foot stomping tune. Maybe it's his smoky, coffee-house voice - it's the only thing that stops &quot;Under Your Charms&quot; from being the ham-handed stupid song it actually is.<BR>You'll notice that I've referred to two of my three favorite songs on the album as &quot;stupid&quot;. That's the thing - none of these songs, when held up to the light, should actually work, but Rouse finds something, anything, redeeming in these tunes and (for the most part) delivers them from the scrap-heap (where many would wind up in the hands of a less-devoted artist).<BR>As previously criticized, the lyrics here are ridiculous (but come off it - what were you expecting? I knew just by looking at the cover that I wasn't buying Bob Dylan). Rouse's music and delivery, however, is committed and excellent.<BR>Is this review just one giant back-handed compliment? You bet. I'd love to see what someone with this much talent could do with better material.
B00004RFFS|4.0|Alright. I'm not going to put a long winded explaination of the movie. With 200+ reviews, I think you know what it's about.<br />For being an adaption of the book, it's very well done.<BR>Granted, the first time I saw it, I saw Tom Cruise and went &quot;HUH&quot;? But after reading &quot;The Interview with the Vampire&quot; and comparing it to the movie, and later Stuart Townsend's role as Lestat, I thought Tom Cruise did a damn good job at playing Lestat. He got it closer than Townsend did.<br />The movie has quite a few similarities to the book, but some things we cut out.<br />However, the acting was good and I'd recommend this movie to anyone.
B000002ADT|5.0|It doesn't matter if you listen to Britney Spears, Napalm Death, the Rolling Stones, Marvin Gaye, Limp Bizkit, Garth Brooks, or Chopin. You'll like this album.<BR>If you've ever been alienated by the diffuse, seemingly scattered nature of Jazz (particularly with famous artists such as Charlie Parker or Dizzy Gillespie), fear not. This album is the standard-bearer of &quot;Cool Jazz&quot; - a more melodic, more ear pleasing style. The band is a veritable who's who for the Jazz uninitiated - Miles Davis, John Coltrane, and Cannonball Adderly on the same album? Even those completely unfamiliar with the genre know these names.<BR>There is no excuse for EVERYONE to not own this album in some form - it's the single most influential album in virtually every form of modern music, and you need to hear it.
6304711875|5.0|If anyone says that this film is boring, dull, or anything else like that, I ORDER you to shut them up. Scream plays with you like 'I know what you did last summer' or 'Halloween' never could. This movie IS the original teen slasher, a mix of humour and suspense, that will leave you terrified all night. Although it is not as good as its sequel, Scream 2, I feel that Scream is much funnier, and more clever.<br />The movie is about a group of teenagers, and one by one people in their high school are being brutally murdered. Neve Campbell plays the starring role as Sidney Prescott, a teenage girl who is being stalked by the killer that murdered her mother. The movie also includes Countney Cox, as annoying and persistent News reporter Gale Weathers, and David Arquette as the dim-witted cop, Dewey. The film also features a cameo performance from Drew Barrymore, who's appearance made the film a smash hit, even if she was only in it for 10 minutes!<br />All in all, this film is a masterpiece from horror director, Wes Craven. You HAVE to see this film. I INSIST!
6305949980|5.0|Since this film was released ten years ago, it still garners acclaim the world over, and justifiably it should.  Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas is a true feast for the senses, from the atmosphere to the state of the art stop motion animation, this film is pure joy from beginning to end.  The story revolves around Jack Skellington, the king of Halloweentown who soon tires of his day in, day out Halloween themed shenanigans.  When he stumbles upon Christmastown, he plans to bring his own version of Christmas to everyone by impersonating a kidnapped Santa Claus.  While the film is aimed at a young audience, teens and adults will eat up everything that is presented here.  And even though some of the film may be too macabre for it's own good towards young children, The Nightmare Before Christmas is still a rousing film that actually will satisfy the entire family.  This Special Edition DVD presents the film with a fantastic DTS track, and includes a number of extras including two short films from Tim Burton.
B000002KXV|5.0|In 1982,Donald Fagen's band Steely Dan disbanded so he recorded his solo debut THE NIGHTFLY in the Steely Dan style. It sounds as if Fagen's Steely Dan partner Walter Becker participated in this recording,even though he actually didn't. Every track except RUBY BABY was written by Fagen. RUBY BABY was a hit for Dion in 1961. Fagen's cover of the song was of course,Steely Dan style. I heard many songs from this album at my workplace over the satellite feed. Oddly,I never heard the title track prior to purchasing this album. That was the very same with MAXINE. I.G.Y. was the only Top 10 hit from this album. Minor hits include NEW FRONTIER,RUBY BABY,GREEN FLOWER STREET,THE GOODBYE LOOK and WALK BETWEEN RAINDROPS. Valerie Simpson of the R&amp;B duo Ashford and Simpson sings background on some of the songs. This album also marks Fagen's debut on the Warner Brothers label. His albums with Steely Dan are on the ABC label,except for 1980's GAUCHO,on MCA(MCA purchased ABC records in the late 70's). On the cover,Fagen portrays a disc jockey playing records at the radio station.
B00001U0GQ|2.0|When I purchased the &quot;Director's Expanded Edition&quot; I assumed this would, indeed, be an enhancement.  But how dissappointing; the cuts are unexplainable and the additions laughable (such as at the end in which Chingachgook gives a long winded speech...so uncharacteristic of his character).  Now I've seen the original on VHS several times, and that version is just wonderful!  Knowing what was in the original and then watching this DVD version was such a let-down.  I have a hard time believing the Director would actually butcher his own work.  If you loved the original, you'll be disappointed with this version...
B00006JDS4|5.0|This is a five star film with brutal honesty and is the product of the director's real life encounter with a rape victim. Other open minded reviewers have done this film justice, I just wanted to point out a few things about the small minded review put foward by PETER below:<br />1. The scenes are extended to make the audience feel as though they have gone through an ordeal and to fully express the pain and horror of the crime! But you seem to think a PG rated sequence lasting 10 seconds be more honest?!<br />2. This movie deserves royal DVD treatment more so than any of todays mainstream garbage as it clearly makes more of an impact than any major studio's tame market friendly drivel which is put out as modern horror. Many companies such as Anchor Bay, Blue Underground, Shriek Show ect have made it their buiness to put uncut lavishly produced DVD's of films like this out as there is a gap in the current market that can only be filled by classic genre films. Don't belive me? They have remade Texas Cahinsaw Massacre!<br />3. I'd like to know how you can critize the intelligence of other reviewers when in another review you gave a CD by boyband FIVE 4 stars?! There is a lot of sybolism in this film and if it went over your head then no one else is to blame but yourself! You show your true intelligence by quoting a previous review which is clearly written by another small minded reviewer who hates the film and is satirical mocking the films fans as an example of a 5 star reviewer?! Try reading that review again and this time you might get that they are against it too! Unfamiliar with the concept of satire are you, Peter?<br />4. As an international customer I found your xenophobia (get out the dictionary Peter) quite distasteful to say the least. If you don't like foreign film directors then stick with Titanic and Pearl Habour and write reviews on how brilliant and important those films are and leave the genre films to true genre fans!!!<br />I just hope that I've helped any one else who is reading these reviews and is deciding on whether or not to give this contraversial film a chance. Ignore condesending reviews like Peter's and see for yourself. This film is definitely not for everyone and I am sure that there will be intelligence people who won't like it due to it's confronting nature. It's best that you take a look for yourself, make up your own mind and please do not let the ideals of a very vocal and dim witted group who have continued to persecute this film from it's initial release to this day lead you to dismiss the other level to this film beyond it's harshness.
0060976624|5.0|I always know I'll like someone if they liked this book.
B00004XONN|5.0|Ever since Radiohead positively destroyed the traditional notion of a rock record with OK Computer, their fans basically split into two groups: the ones who loved the 'Bends' feel to tracks such as 'Karma Police,' and the ones who loved the blips, gurgles, and narrative cohesiveness on tracks such as 'No Surprises.' With Kid A, Radiohead jumped head-first into the technophile crowd, creating a record which is at once breathtaking and positively stunning.<br />I've been debating over how to describe 'Kid A' to all of those who've never heard it, and I can only come up with one thing: Some records work better when you have the album cover in hand. Thom Yorke once said that 'Kid A' was like staring at the mountains on the cover and imagining what was to come, and 'Amnesiac' was like being down in the mountains and seeing what was there. This description seems to be the best one, as the album truly sounds how the cover looks.<br />The headphone-quality sound of this record is phenomenal. Every stutter, gasp, and synth buzz blossoms around you, and it's warm tones and subdued energy compliments just about any situation. But none of the electronic litmus-test features would have been any good without a traditional song-structure cohesiveness. With the exception of a song like 'Treefingers' which is by far the most unconventional track on the whole record, 'Kid A' is an extremely melodic piece wrapped in a bubbling electronic package. <br />In addition, the emotional depth of some of these songs is just heartwrenching. On 'How to Disappear Completely' you can feel the desperation in the vocals, and the lightly-brushed guitar and moaning synth create the sonic landscape of the narrator's warm place. With a mantra like 'I'm not here/This isn't happening' you easily get lost in the attempted escape, the panic and quiet screaming.<br />There are also extremely well-crafted pop-songs here too, such as the high-noon feel of 'Optimistic' and the twisted jazz-frenzy of 'The National Anthem.' 'Idioteque' buzzes with all of the heartbeat and electro sneer of a sure-fire dance track. <br />But the climax, undoubtedly, is the subdued, rolling 'Morning Bell' that hums subconsciously with a synth-pop extravagence. The stuttering drum line coursing through the song's veins provides a brittle framework for the bleeping electro bursts and Thom Yorke's calm wailing to 'Release me.' <br />The epic nature of this record not only lies on the abundance of good material, but on the lack of filler as some records tend to rely on. The result is a refined, ten-track masterpiece that will serve as a cornerstone for the band's true creative energy. Many people complain that there are no 'Dark Side of the Moon' albums anymore, but they just weren't looking deep enough. This is Radiohead's opus. Enjoy.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|Funny and irreverant--Shrek will surprise you with its original story and memorable characters.  Eddy Murphy, as &quot;Donkey&quot; is outstanding!  Mike Meyers and Cameron Diaz contribute great performances as well.<br />Buy it.
0140177396|3.0|The story of mice and men is a very interesting one. Once you start to read the book it isn't understandable because of the slang, but, as you read on it gets harder to put down. You think you know what's about to happen but it turns out the opposite.<BR>The only problem I think was all the foul language. I wouldn't recommend this book to young readers.  <BR>The story setting was in the 1930's, around the depression years. The book is about two poor men looking for work,totally opposite characters. One was smart,and small built, while the other was big,strong and mentally handicapped.<BR>The Author writes about how the mentally handicapped were treated in those days (1930's)and also how ignorant people were.<BR>I don't see much difference in our society. We sure can use some improvement.<BR>The writer accomplishes his point he was trying to get across,but, I did not like the slang, I didn't understand some of it. I had to read a few sentences twice before I got a sense of what he was trying to say.<BR>Overall  I rate this book a 7 out of 10(10=very good). I give it this rate because it is suspensful,has Irony and the ending isn't what you suspect. What lowers the rating is the jargon and cursing.
B00005K3OT|5.0|Expecting greatness about a film based upon sweet confection?  You won't be disappointed!  This is a wonderfully entertaining film, beautifully photographed and acted, which features strong female lead characters.  Refreshing.
B0000VCZK2|5.0|A little confused. How exactly are there used copies of Quadrilogy when it hasn't been released as yet? As a big Alien fan,I check in here to get the skinny and lo and behold...bogus skinny.Come on Amazon,get with it.How about a release date instead of &quot;used&quot; prices?
B00003CWL6|5.0|Great music, a compelling story, and three dimensional characters make this a classic American tale.<br />Highly recommended.
B00005J6UP|5.0|I went to the website a few days ago and discovered that they are getting the cast back together for a reunion movie, Goonies II.  You can even read the script for the new movie which hasn't released the date of its filming or anything, but just wanted you goonie fans to know! (By the way, sadly a few of the original cast members have passed away.  I can't recall exactly who, but one of the Goonies web sites says.)
076790592X|4.0|I usually read books pretty fast when im interested in them, but with Tuesdays with Morrie, it took me a little bit longer. I did like the book overall because it gave me a different aspect on how i view life,  death, my family, and people around me. Morrie is a great person to look up to, and was a great mentor to a lot of people. I try and take less things for granted, but I can't be like Morrie, and appreciate everything, I'm going to make some mistakes in my life. That's whats life is all about: trial and error. You have to make mistakes, then learn and grow from them. but from Morrie, I learned to make less of them. He was a good man, and Mitch potrayed him well in his book. I wouldnt read it again, just because it was a little boring after a few tuesdays, but its a great book for anyone to ready if they need a boost in their self esteem, or are going through a life crisis and are going down the wrong path in life. Being a teenager, I know alot of us live very dangerous and carefree lives, and im going to try and use what I learned from morrie about death, to try and slow it down and appreciate life more.
B0000039PW|5.0|This album was and is the best, it is raw, gangsta and very chill. His sound, beats and lyrics are crazy. It's a shame he died so early. But after this album he was READY TO DIE! He gave hiphop a new dimension.
B000066NW0|5.0|Zwalinka Wojciejowiecz, who currently sings under the stage name \\"Avril Lavigne\\", has been regaling audiences for generations (she made her debut with the Krakow Philharmonic in 1942) with that phenomenal, beguiling siren voice and those eerily haunting, thoroughly unclassifiable compositions of hers. Like Picasso, she is an amazingly protean artist, capable of instant and totally convincing chameleonic transformations of persona. From the exalted position of Grande Dame of Modern Slavic Opera, to the authentic country twang of Oklahoma Hayride Gal, to the savage lead singing for the brutal Korean punk rock band Eat Sh*t & Die!, she has consistently astonished her loyal fans and dazzled the critics from Vladivostok to Venezuela. Now, the 73-year-old diva has achieved the most remarkable transformation yet: She is utterly convincing as a teenaged pseudo-punk/corporate bubblegum pop princess. (How does she do it? Plastic surgery, make-up, and lens filters can't account for the astounding verisimilitude of her new persona. Hell, despite her advanced age, even I'd do her!) But she doesn't just stop at superficialities: To make the transformation complete, she has buried all traces of her talent, taste, and intelligence, and sings songs so plastic, in a voice so ordinary and computer-filtered, that her mimicry of modern American pop culture is simply perfect. This is the kind brilliantly satirical social commentary only a GENIUS could have given us. <br />Bravo, Madame Wojciejowiecz! Bravo! You have done it again.
B0000AM6K2|4.0|The album sounds like what the cover and the title suggest: the 70s. There are enough sparkles of trilled, rapid fire flute, flanged guitar and roaming deep bass to fill an adult film soundtrack and enough of Rouse's smoky vocals to thrill those who weren't even around before the 80s. <br />It's a huge leap from the quiet more introspective Rouse of past outings, in fact, it's one of the most remarkable changes in years that an artist has made in their sound from one album to the next.<br />In short: it's hard not to like. The guy's got a great voice and the music is vibrantly lush and full of excitement. The songs mix seemlessly into a sexy mass of 70s perfection that sounds as fresh now as it did back in 1972.
B000099T2L|5.0|I didn't think I'd like this CD, but it grew on me.  I like the diverse array of music styles, and how her voice sounds different on almost every song.  She showed a lot of growth!<BR>Favorites are:<BR>Speechless<BR>Naughty Girl<BR>Yes<BR>Signs<BR>Dangerously In Love 2<BR>Baby Boy<BR>That's How I Like It<BR>Be With You<BR>and the duet with Luther Vandross<br />Good job, Beyonce!
B000089RVX|5.0|I love this CD, I listen to it everyday, I actually broke down and bought it, instead of downloading copies of it. I love the edgy feel, and the contrast of pitch that amy brings into it, its great- and any one who doesn't think so is welcome to kiss my a**.<BR>Evanesnce is great!
0156027321|5.0|The Story of Pi is a most unusual and endearing novel.  It concerns the childhood of Pi, who grew up in India,learning to  care for the animals in his father's zoo.  When Pi was 16, his family decided to emigrate to Canada.  They boarded a cargo ship with the zoo animals, which had been sold to American zoos, but the ship sank. Pi was the lone (human) castaway, and he found himself sharing a lifeboat with a Bengal tiger, a hyena, an orangutan, and a zebra.  Who survives and how make for a most entertaining story, which Pi tells with great humor, compassion, and wisdom.<br /><br />I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It is a quick read, and I immediately read it a second time.  The author has created a loveable character in his hero; reading his thoughts was a joy.  I recommend The Life of Pi to those who enjoy stories about courage told in simple, yet quite often profound, terms.
B00005QDW1|2.0|I was a huge No Doubt fan, I thought &quot;No Doubt&quot; was a cute album, &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot; was just a fun rockin album, &quot;Return of Saturn&quot; was just a masterpiece, both musically and lyrically. Then comes &quot;Rock Steady&quot;. I thought &quot;Hey Baby&quot; was alright, I listened to the entire album, and I admit its sort of a &quot;fun&quot; album but No Doubt's sound has totally changed. &quot;Running&quot; and &quot;Underneath it all&quot; are probably the best songs here. But the lyrics are just.. silly in comparison to the beauty of &quot;Saturn&quot;. It is a decent CD but not up to par with No Doubt's full talent. I was dissapointed with the &quot;new style&quot; of music here, if anything get Tragic Kingdom or Saturn to truly hear some of ND's greatest shining moments.
6305546797|5.0|John Carpenter's Halloween is a complete classic. The sequels are also pretty decent as well. Not only is this movie a classic but anchor Bay's line of halloween DVD's are outstanding. The Halloween limited edition in particular which is currently out of print, probably has the best transfer out there. The sound quality is also upgraded to Dolby 5.1 The special feaures such as the The &quot;Halloween Unmasked&quot; Feature is interesting, along with trailers, and tv spots. This limited edition also comes with the tv version that has 12 minutes of added scenes not shown in theaters. Since Anchor Bay releases so many different verisons of the halloween dvd the best verisions you should own is the limited editon and the 25th anniversary edition. The 25th anniversary is the only dvd that comes with the Jamie Lee Curtis and john carpenter commentary along with a new documentary entitled &quot;A Cut Abouve the Rest&quot; and a 25 years later re-location spot. The divimax transfer is also really nice, looks like the movie was made 5 years ago. All in all this a great dvd and a classic horror movie everyone should own.
B000002LFZ|5.0|This is a compilation of Fleetwood Mac's greatest hits from 1975-1988.  They prove with their seems-to-be-simple-but-it's-not sound that they are one of the greatest bands.  Every catchy track is equally as good as the other.  This takes the audience to a journey through their lives beginning when they hit mainstream in the US: hardships, feuds, love, anger, and much more.  Lindsey Buckingham's guitar sound remains ahead of its time and untouched to this day(picking with his fingernails).  Stevie Nick's mesmerizing voice remains of the most unique and unforgettable instruments.  Buckingham and Christine McVie also offer wonderful lead vocals.  The stand-out tracks are &quot;Dreams&quot;, &quot;Go Your Own Way&quot;, &quot;You Make Loving Fun&quot;, and &quot;Don't Stop&quot;, originally from their highly successful album &quot;Rumours&quot;(18 million US sales, over 30 million worldwide).  Their originally unreleased track &quot;No Questions Asked&quot; remains listen-worthy.  This is the only track on this album without Buckingham(he quit in 1987) and with his replacement.  &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; is a must-have for any Fleetwood Mac fan.  Those who love this this album will also love &quot;The Dance&quot;, their comeback live album released in 1997.
0141439831|5.0|After reading over 150 classics as part of my study of books for students of English as a Second Language, I rate this book in my top 8! It will sit along with Dickens' The Pickwick Papers, Dickens' David Copperfield, Cervantes' Don Quijote, Spyri's Heidi, Wyse's Swiss Family Robinson, Old Yeller and Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings on my BEST BOOKS of all time shelf. Thackeray's command of English is awesome. I LOVE the way he talks to us as readers throughout the book. It makes you feel like he's talking to you. Fantastic style. At times the book slows a little with details of British life in 1815-1825 and side character issues, but from Chapter 35 on it truly becomes a superb work in English Literature. Chapter 35 stands as a devasting view of the effect of war on the people back home. Truly brilliant! His emotional descriptions and characterizations(expecially the names of people!) are superb. His subtle wit is among the best I have read. Just put aside 2-3 weeks to read and enjoy this superb example of writing as English can be. Thackeray calls it the &quot;vanity of human affairs&quot; (Vanity Fair). It truly is. I had left this as the last book to read among my classics collection. This was a stroke of luck, because it made me reflect on all the other books and realize Thackeray is a much underrated writer and unfortunately died before he could write more... Be patient and enjoy a good read...
B000084T18|2.0|Before the review is written here is my official discliamer: I like rap, I like other music too. I will not just boo hoo and album because it is mainstream or because affiliations with cretain artists.<BR>This album however is rather medicore, it shows no sign of lyrical talent and Dre's 'dope' producing is being wasted. I think the song that I am referring to is PIMP, well anyway this song was some of the weakest rhyming that I have ever heard. The rhyme sceme is simpler than 80s Eric B and Rakim. He rhymes to the E for like a whole stanza. Anyway even if the lyrics are weak and unitelligent, they are often catchy adn even as I am mocking in da club I am still singing along and waving my hand around. My singing along is however impaired by the unitelligeble lyrics. i cannot understand half of the words on this album. Overall this album is somewhat catchy, yet overall very weak.
0553208845|3.0|In Siddhartha, Hesse has used the life story of the Buddha as the loose template to write his own story about spiritual yearning and maturation, much as Kazantzakis would later do with his masterpiece The Last Temptation of Christ.  This book does not describe, nor does it attempt to describe, Buddhism or Hinduism.  I have seen many readers describe this book as &quot;wonderful for understanding Eastern philosophy&quot; (as though there is an &quot;Eastern philosophy&quot;), or &quot;a terrific introduction to Buddhism&quot;.  This book is certainly neither.<br />In my opinion this book is far from a masterpiece.  It is quiet and competent, modest in scope, and mostly serves as a launchpad for a rather facile philosophy.  Readers who have never considered the significance of the transitory nature of the world or the futility of blindly following desire may be struck by what it offers, but these perennial motifs are universal and somewhat obvious.<br />I suspect Siddhartha is appealing to many who are looking for a reflection on these topics in a form that is short, light, and easily digested.  A lightweight offering.
038572179X|5.0|Atonement is a novel of finely drawn characters and compelling descriptions.  The novel is divided into four sections, each quite different.  In the first section, Briony, an imaginative and and self-righteous 13-year-old girl involves herself in he budding romance between her older sister Cecilia and Robbie Turner, the Cambridge educated son of the family charwoman.  The individuals in the family, their roles and relationships are carefully and convincingly described.  We truly believe in Briony, and her actions with their unjust and terrible outcome seem genuine to us.  <br />The results of Briony's actions are followed through the desperate evacuation of the British army at Dunkirk and the arrival of the wounded at a hospital in London, where Briony is working as a nurse.  Finally we meet Briony again as an old woman who has become a well-known writer.  In telling Briony's story, McEwan reveals some secrets of the writer's experience:  as a child with a calling to invent stories, as a young writer submitting her first attempts for publication, and finally as an experienced writer checking the accuracy of her prose.
B00008LDPU|2.0|soem were interesting in regards to filling in the gaps of storyline, but all in ok, just an OK dvd living off the name of movie.
B00006V9A0|1.0|This kind of CD is what Kurt Cobain would have hated. Cleary this was manufactured to target the teenybopper audience who loooovvvvveddd Smells Like Teen Spirit. Meanwhile, there is a horde of unrealeased material, and this greatly anticipated new nirvana CD contains one unrealeased song, only as a feeble attempt to lure actual Nirvana fans. Just download &quot;You Know You're Right.&quot; And as appears by many Amazon reviews the record company got just what they wanted, the people who loved Smells Like Teen Spirit loved this CD. As for a great introduction to Nirvana, how about buying one of their actual albums, preferably In Utero, the one all of the members of Nirvana thought was their best and is their best. It's Nirvana without the slick treatment of Nevermind. For good compliations, look no further than Pavement's re-release of their seminal debut, &quot;Slanted and Enchanted: Luxe and Reduxe&quot; That is a kind of album that the Nirvana camp should have been released. This is just a waste.
B00005JMFO|5.0|Words cannot describe all of the utterly charming aspects to this movie. It is neither frivilous or vacous, but it is mature and funny! I am preordering this item today, even though I just saw the first showing at my mall.  This is the kind of movie you get involved in. This is the kind of movie you don't want to end. This is a truley timless piece.  So, from this rave review, i guess you can guess I really enjoyed it and think YOU will too. I promise!
0385504209|3.0|Definitely written for the newspaper article attention span masses, the 1 to 3 page chapters will keep most readers locked<br />in.<br />The rest of the audience is no doubt:<br />*  Conspiracy theorists<br />*  Feminists thinking that there's a message somewhere in the book<br />*  Religious righters searching for a reason to post another `my lord and saviour' passage on the internet<br />*  Mystery novel fans - like me<br />Couple of good twists and an easy read.  Forget all the hype and enjoy a decent book for the heck of it.
B00005OC06|3.0|We have a strong cast here (almost the strongest possible) : Karajan conducting the Vienna Philharmonic; and then there is Domingo, Freni &amp; Ludwig etc. There is criticism on the other opera for having a Japanese Madama Butterfly. Yes, there is point there particularly when the latter is at that age and of that huge size. But on the other hand, Freni is the very opposite of any Japanese or indeed any oriental sense of a beauty, particulaly so on that make-up, and than there are so many close-up of her face which dispelled any mysterious sense of beauty of the East ... <br />The setting is comparatively dull: a huge Japanese house by the side of a desolate slope. The house is too large by general Japanese standard and the slope can't possibly remind us of their religious love for beautiful gardens, nor their Shintoism... <br />For the singing, well, Domingo will not disappoint you. Neither will there be much surprise for you. I have some reservation for the part of Freni, the phrasings are often on the verge of breaking. What really is disappointing is the support from the orchestra. Karajan is supposed to have enormous experience in opera works, even before he dictated the Berlin Philharmonic. Well, it's rather mechanical and without much life: as a dancing partner, he is hopeless. If Furtwangler is to get an A+, the most he can get is a C+ when Karl Bohm &amp; Solti will at least get a B+/A-.  Karajan is much better on his own, and certainly at his best doing Mahler, where we don't sense any living organism nor direction, but just volume and colours. Its sad to say that here Mahler's criticism of Puccini, dispensing him as just a composer who knows some orchestration ( and no more ) seem well justified...  <br />As a whole, I rate this DVD somewhere between 3 to 4 stars. But in view of the strong cast and the legitmate expectations thereof, I only give it a 3 stars, and I can't really recommend it with all my heart.
B00007GZQZ|4.0|Even if nothing else in this movie were good, the scene where the bathtub crashes through the floor and Tom Hanks' ensuing reaction of maniacal disbelieving laughter (he honestly must have hurt himself laughing like that) makes the entire movie worthwhile.  Even though I haven't seen this movie in awhile, just thinking of that scene makes me laugh.  As an added bonus, the rest of the movie is great too.  I'd rate the scene with Shelley Long and the raccoon as a good runner-up for funniest scene.  There are so many others though... one of my favorites was really an audio-only scene.  The frazzled couple had turned the lights off after a somber discussion of marital fidelity and Tom Hanks roars at Shelley Long in the dark, \\"You WHORE!\\"  His inflection is perfect and that line just always makes me laugh.  Don't miss out on this priceless comedy if you haven't seen it yet.
B000002J03|5.0|\\"Led Zeppelin II\\" is the second release from this legendary band.  This album digs deeper through their experimental side that made them famous.  They combine with soft rock, hard rock, blues, and folk in most of their tracks. Some are more pronounced than others.  Jimmy Page introduces the audience to his further guitar sounds.  His most famous is the violin bow sliding on the electric guitar strings as stated on their most successful career single \\"Whole Lotta Love\\".  John Bonham becomes more crazy on the drums as heaviest expressed on \\"Moby Dick\\".  Robert Plant's voice is more soulful on this album than their previous.  All these extended band traits prove that they evolved as musicians as they always did.<br />Their hard rock edge is most stated on \\"Whole Lotta Love\\" and \\"Living Loving Maid (She's Just a Woman)\\".  Surprisingly, their hard rock didn't develop through loud volume.  It developed by attitude.  They experiment with lounge blues rock on \\"What Is And What Should Never Be\\" and \\"The Lemon Song\\". Their blues side is most stated on tracks \\"Bring It On Home\\" and instrumental \\"Moby Dick\\".  \\"Bring It On Home\\" proves that their influence toward blues music digs deeper than common blues.  Bluegrass combines with their well-known rock sound.  Their soulful side is most expressed through the ballad \\"Thank You\\".  Every track contains many twists and turns, sometimes switching genres, keeping the audience alert and anxious to their next sound.  <br />Any fan of Led Zeppelin and of hard rock should purchase \\"Led Zeppelin II\\".  It offers an experience to never be forgotten by anyone.  These nine tracks are only one reason why VH1 listed Led Zeppelin as the number one greatest hard rock band of all time.  Those who love this album should also purchase the original 1969 record.  It'll give the listener a deeper experience that Led Zeppelin intended.
0446310786|5.0|Ever since I read this in 10th grade, it has been my favorite book.  I have read it several times and each time, I find something in there that is new.  It is definately a timeless classic.<br />I think having Scout narrate the book as an adult looking back on her childhood isn't a new concept, but this is the kind of story that it works great in.  Seeing Macomb County through the eyes of a young child gives it a bit of nostalgic innocence.<br />If you want to see the movie, read the book first.
B0000AR8NK|5.0|&quot;Reality&quot; is David Bowie's thirty somethingth album released in his thirty plus years of his career.  He proves on every track that he remains the king of reinvention.  On this album, he experiments with different sounds: classic rock, hard rock, electronica, and pop.  Which ever genre is most pronounced in the individual track, he performs it wonderfully.  He includes some new and unique musical elements in his covers of classic songs: &quot;Pablo Picasso&quot;(Jonathan Richman) and &quot;Try Some, Buy Some&quot;(George Harrison).  Every track proves that he continues to evolve as a musician, even after many years.  This level of musicianship on &quot;Reality&quot; expresses one aspect of why his influence is so widespread.  Expect a well-deserved Grammy nomination for Best Male Rock Performance for his latest single featured on this album.
B00008H2LB|5.0|I've been an avid listener to linkin park for a few years now.  Althought meteroa was a disappointment after hearing the bitter lyrics of hybrid i was amazed of what the cd had to offer.  Each song is tied into each other, how many other bands have ever done that?  With each song you get a feeling of the what the song is about, i connected with every song just as  i did listening to hybrid theory.  Although i wasn't into rock at the time, this band was exactly what i wanted to hear.  Linkin Park is one of the bands you think no one else likes until you hear them screaming the lyrics of easier to run or crawling at a packed arena.  Even if you don't like the music methods you have to admire the admeration each fan dedicates to Linkin Park.  I am a die hard fan and my only regret is that i haven't been able to go to a concert
B00005JKC3|5.0|Now, before we get 'you know what into a twist' - this babe cost an arm and a leg ~  but .......... didn't dear old Ken Russell do it SO MUCH BETTER in \\"Altered States\\" ~ and yeah - I do know that this is supposed to be a cartune ...<br />Bana emotes very effectively as the tortured soul, Oscar winner Conneley seems out of place somewhere between 'two minds' [script problem] BUT NICK NOLTE saves the day in a 'to be overlooked' Oscar Nom performance ~ this thesp. has what it takes and should be nurtured back to brilliance ~ this guy hold the very shaky genes [jeans...] together - and mentioning that  .... willy is not quite free in this one and could never be ... nevermind...!<br />Our talented director is very very limited with this one.<br />The ONLY saving grave is Bana's poutyness, and the magnificent [and surely to be overlooked] editing - quite, quite unique.<br />Nah ~ better see \\"Freud, the Secret Passion\\" and/or \\"Altered States\\"<br />def a 5-
B0000C9V3T|3.0|I don't like violence.  I don't like samurai stuff.  I don't like kung-fu crap.  BUT, this is one of the most visually stunning, creative films that I've ever seen.  I was taken to see it by my daughter and son-in-law, and I cringed when it started.  But, I'm also open to new experiences.  Thank the gods I stayed!  This is not a movie; this is film, in the creative, artistic tradition of Bergman and Antonioni and Felini.  The music is fabulous and is only rated low because of the missing tracks.  I would gladly pay double for a full soundtrack.  I'll certainly buy the DVD.  For those who complain about the violence, get past it and look at the art.  This is not a film to take children to, but I don't want to have nothing to see besides that which is suitable for a 3- or 6-year-old.
0375410341|5.0|Anyone who, after reading this book, dismisses it as &quot;pretentious&quot; or a &quot;concept&quot; book, clearly is unable to appreciate good horror fiction when they read it.  That's too bad - by not understanding this excellent work they're missing out on a novel that is many heights above the vast majority of modern horror novels.  By dismissing the format as a gimick, you fail to understand that the novel, like the house, is larger on the inside than the outside.  The ideas that Dainelewski presents here go far beyond a simple scary story, which is what those who would compare this to the Blair Witch Project are missing as well.  The BWP, while it is an interesting cross of film genres, is still in its essence just a film.  House of Leaves seems to have the intellectual impact of a play, the raw emotion of music, and the artistic beauty of visual art while being wrapped in the bonds of a novel.  It doesn't merely cross genres, it crosses mediums in a way that few works of art are able to - and that's why it's worth the read.<br />That, and  it's one<br />*h e c k*<br />of a scary story.
0440234743|5.0|I really enjoyed this book it has a good message, and is a great story. The story starts off fast and doesn't slow down. It is a story about a very rich man, Troy Phelan, who has built a company that is worth 11 billion dollars, but in the process he has alienated everyone of his family and friends. Troy commits suicide but just before he does he changes his will and leaves all his money to a daughter named Rachel no one knew he had. The daughter is a missionary in Brazil and the lawyer sent to find her, Nate, is going through struggles with alcohol,the IRS, and family problems. Nates adventures in Brazil are exciting, and his meeting with rachel helps turn his life around. You see on the one hand rachels love of God and detachment for material things and on the other hand the greed and self centeredness of troys children. The courtroom drama is also very good. This is a well written and thought provoking book.
B00003CXB4|1.0|While this is one of my favourite Disney movies, I have just purchased the DVD after YEARS of waiting and will be returning it promptly -- until the day Disney decides to use some of their money to put out *quality* products.  Let's face it... the Disney company must have enough money to rule the world by now.  They own several resorts, a cruise line, a town called Celebration, an island in the Bahamas... so that begs the question... why are their special effects so cheap and how could they do such a terrible job transferring this movie to DVD?  Did we rush this DVD out just to make more cash without putting in an effort?  I dunno... the other special features seem pretty good.  But you don't have to be a technical wizard of any kind to notice the spot (during both the special edition AND theatrical versions) where the layers switch and Mufasa's voice is actually blacked out during his sentence.  His lips move... but nothing comes out.  The scene occurs approx 11 minutes into the movie, where Zazu delivers the morning report.  Whether you're watching the spoken or sung version, right after the &quot;pounce&quot;, a freeze-frame that switches DVD layers causes the background laughter, sound effects and Mufasa to be muted, taking it from &quot;That was very good!&quot; to a disappointing &quot;...ry good&quot;.  Even the children made sour faces and asked: &quot;What was that?&quot;  Instead of explaining the challenges of the DVD-making process, I think I'll just wait until Disney learns how to cut movie properly.  These switches are usually done between scenes or at a pause in the scene where viewers don't notice.  But then THIS coming from a studio that claimed it was an original story when anyone familiar with Shakespeare will tell you it's Hamlet... much as Lion King II was Romeo and Juliet.  As always, the movie itself gets ten stars, but the DVD gets ZERO as far as I'm concerned.
B00004RFFS|2.0|For the most part, I didn't hate this film.  However, Tom Cruise should NEVER have been cast as Lestat, imo.  He almost looked the part, but he just didn't play it well (there are parts in the film where his acting is like a rake across a chalkboard).  Also - Antonio Banderas as ARMAND?  Armand, the 15 year old auburn/red haired vampire?  Granted, Antonio played the role VERY well.  However, were the casting crew members on drugs when they decided how to cast this?  Bradd Pitt and Kirsten Dunst were both really good.  On the whole, just about everyone was (except for Tom Cruise).  Still - really slap-shod job on the whole.  The book is far, FAR better than the film.  Sadly, &quot;Queen of the Damned&quot; which is basically &quot;Vampire Lestat&quot; and &quot;Queen of the Damned&quot; all jam packed into one film (with creative liberties GALORE) was STILL better than this one, imo.
0140277447|5.0|Japanses should be put on war trials!
B00008NG5V|5.0|this is ur cd if u are into the whole hanging out at the beach/lake with ur friends kinda scene. Perfect to chill and drink beer with. Great chill cd. Therefore, i must also recommend Jack Johnson's 'Brushfire Fairytales.&quot; Both cd's are absolutely fabulous! the mood is very bluesy-folk, rhthmatic acoustic music which goes well with the mellow hanging out environment. i cannot stress how great this cd is!!
6305205620|5.0|&quot;CUNNING STUNTS&quot; was the first concert video filmed with the DVD format in mind, and it looks that way, too: great sound and picture, alternate camera angles and loads of special features. Only flaws: splitting the show onto two discs instead of putting the whole show on one (like the VHS version) and not including the video clips from LOAD, RELOAD and GARAGE INC. with the special features. Other than that, a killer concert from Metallica!!!!!
B00005JMFO|5.0|My wife and I saw this at a preview last night and both loved it.  Since there are a lot of different stories going in, with characters crossing paths and interconnected in different ways, it took a few minutes to sort them all out.  <br />Once we did, though, it was worth it.  Most of the stories deal with some sort of romantic love (first love, lost love, unrequited love, etc.), but a few dealt with familial love or long-term friendship-type love.  Because of this, it sometimes felt uneven (Porky's crossed with You Can Count On Me), but on the whole was one of the funnier movies I've seen this year. <br />There were many moments that stuck with me on the ride home--I keep wanting to share them in this review, but they would spoil the surprises.  Also, loads of great performances from people I've never seen before--the kid who plays Liam Neeson's son Sam; the woman who plays Colin Firth's housekeeper Aurelia; the woman who plays Natalie, the Prime Minister's assistant; all were standouts in a very funny movie.
B00007BK2N|5.0|When I read the bio's on the Mondays I laughed, but seeing it visually explained in 24 Hour Party People is PRICELESS.  Not only did these actors have striking resemblances to the musicians, they were good actors as well.  The time on the film runs a little long, but when will you ever have another film directed at these music legends?  The cameos were exceptional...OH, and the classic kicker of Sumner seeing Shaun for the first time - this is a must buy for any Joy Division/New Order or Happy Mondays/Manchester fan.
B00005JLXE|4.0|The staff here and in a lot of media venues, take movies like this, &quot;way too&quot; seriously...It's a comicbook made movie....<BR>get it? I loved the &quot;fun&quot;...as i have Spiderman, Superman,<BR>and the Batman films...Nothing &quot;deep&quot;...no &quot;subplots&quot;...just &quot;FUN&quot;. One BONUS..here is Jennifer Garner...She is GREAT in the role of Electra...if you enjoy ALIAS...you'll like her here too! A<BR>fine looking lady, who can kick some ...! Well, you know...!<BR>A VERY ENTERTAINING MOVIE!
0375823360|4.0|Enjoyed this series.  Wasn't as easy for me to read as some other books, but the stories are great.
B0000C0FJB|2.0|The 2002 Vapor Trails tour was RUSH's best since the Signals tour.  Amazing setlists, energetic, passionate performances, and exceptional sound.  It was with great anticipation I awaited Rush in Rio.  I've loved RUSH for over 20 years and I couldnt wait to see the show.  However, I attended the RIO DVD premiere in a Virginia theatre and it was there where i began to grow concerned.  The sound was decent at best. Two days later I got the CD and my fears were confirmed.  <BR>The sound of this CD is atrocious.  It sounds like an above average bootleg.  I agree with other reviewers who contend that Different Stages is far superior.<br />If you read Neil's liner notes, he admits that this CD was an afterthought, and that their primary purpose was to make a DVD. Sad to say, it indeed sounds like an afterthought.  The crowd is downright annoying, and the mix shouldve reduced them.  This certainly couldve been done.  Just listen to the excellent Iron Maiden Live in Rio cd.  <br />The good news is that all signs point that RUSH will possibly have a new album and tour in 2004.  Judging from Vapor Trails - which i think is the best CD since Signals, this band is better than ever.  We've got hope on the horizon!
B00005R1N3|2.0|** CORRECTION: I have honestly grown to love this movie, and it goes with my other top fave movies. **    I think I was so disappointed because I was expecting too much out of the film, because it was held in such high regards. I had to watch it again for myself to appreciate it. I would changed my 2 star rating to a 4 star rating. Still, I have to leave my old review:     Am I missing out? I think I have the same DVD that everyone else has. Covers sure are decieving these days. This movie was far from \\"scary as hell\\". Only a short list of 70's horror is considered great, and this is not one of them. I guess I am the only one that picked up this DVD and was greatly disappointed. It got such great reviews, as you can see here, but I was the least bit scared. I actually laughed through out pretty much of the film. I must admit though, that ending was a good one. I wasn't expecting it. All in all though, if you score it cheap, like I did. I picked this baby up at a Flea-Market for $5, then the loss isnt that great. Lastly, I guess this movie is loved for its cinemegraphic style, and the boundaries it seem to break for a 70's movie. I like the vulgarity of it, also.
B00000JCB2|4.0|I'll be the first to admit it: I am something of a music snob.  My CD collection looks like your typical college radio playlist, full of indie artists (and major label artists who get zero promotion).  By all accounts, I'm supposed to condemn Limp Bizkit as a group of no-talent hacks who only became popular becuase MTV played their videos incessantly, an idea that is more than backed up by the fact that CHOCOLATE STARFISH AND THE HOT DOG FLAVORED WATER sold more than 5 million copies despite being unbelievably awful.  And yet...<br />I have to admit that I like SIGNIFICANT OTHER.  Unlike CHOCOLATE STARFISH, this record actually seems focused: Fred Durst knows exactly why he's angry (his girlfriend left him), and the result is that this actually feels like a complete album, as opposed to a collection of singles.  I'm not saying Limp Bizkit is perfect, mind you (they'll take away my music snob license if I do), but almost all of the songs are entertaining, including (to my surprise) non-single tracks like \\"No Sex,\\" wherein Limp Bizkit come dangerously close to making a song with actual substance.  Durst's ability as a vocalist is limited, but he knows how to use what he's got effectively, and he has a very good band to support him.  Don't get me wrong, SIGNIFICANT OTHER will never rise above the level of \\"guilty pleasure,\\" but it's probably the best guilty pleasure I own.
078322799X|5.0|Well, now that Peter Jackson is a household name, maybe more people will finally see this movie. I saw a Laserdisc version (years ago) that had extra footage, and an incredible amount of extras......This is the version that should be seen, but for now this DVD will do. An underated movie that somehow got lost back in 1996...delightfully different....with that Peter Jackson twist that makes it extra special. Great storytelling, and great visuals, effects, and camerawork, along with perfect casting makes for a wild ride. More people should see this movie!! The extended version I remember seeing was way better....but impossible to find, and only on Laserdisc. We need a nice new DVD version (like the Laserdisc, with over 4 hrs. of extras, and 10-15 min. more footage in the film) , and now that Mr. Jackson is on top of the world, we might get it! I'm waiting!!!! May as well put out another version of &quot;Forgotten Silver&quot; too...another lost, underrated Peter Jackson film that deserves to be seen by more people.....<br />Great storytelling!
B00009TB5G|5.0|I am one of the so called Tolkien purists, reading \\"Lord of the Rings on a regular basis.  However, I find it hard to understand the low star comments from some of the contributors.  Peter Jackson has painted a picture of middle Earth totally in balance with the vision of Tolkien.  He has tweaked the story, but has totally kept the essence of it alive. I was in awe of both films as every view described by Tolkien unfolded on the screen exactly as I had always imagined it, Helms Deep, the Golden Hall,and Fangorn Forest for example.<br />The film leads exactly from the ending of the \\"Fellowship of the Ring\\" and begins to greatly enhance the characters as they head to the inevitable finale.  The Wargs, which really belong in the first film, are stunningly realistic, and the Ents are also totally convincing, although not used exactly as Tolkien described, their portrail on film is perfect.<br />In Criticising Frodo and Samwise's relationship, Samwise is actually the stronger of the characters in the book and the film reflects that, and Frodo's increasing weakness also follows Tolkien's story. Gollum, quite simply, DOES have a personality disorder, he loves the ring, and yet desparately wants to care for both himself and Frodo.<br />The Two Towers delivers on every level, effects are, of course superb, and characterisation is perfect.  The climax leaves the viewer desperate for the final installment, Helms Deep's battle is unsurpassed in movie history (until the next film!) and I truly believe J R R Tolkien would have happily shook Peter Jackson's hand had he had the chance to watch Jacksons version of his tale unfold.<br />Johnny
B0000C7PQK|5.0|When you read a book, do you want to go back to the bookstore to find one JUST like it? I wouldn't. I'm a fan of variety and change, and not the same stuff over and over. The new CD contains the promise of a new experience. When I think back to all of Enigma's previous albums, each one is like a book, carrying its own unique story, and the journey continues with the latest release.
B000000OAC|3.0|It pains me to say that this is a mediocre effort by Queen, that they seemed to shove between A Day At The Races and Jazz (both underrated albums).  On this 1977 release, you get the overplayed We Will Rock You/We Are The Champions as the album's beginning.  Later on comes a slew of awful awful AWFUL songs: Sheer Heart Attack (this one might be good if covered by The Ramones... it's not Queen), All Dead All Dead (this one gives me headaches), Spread Your Wings (ZzZzZzZ), and Fight From The Inside (Roger's songs remind you of Montrose, but not as good.)  Then there's Get Down, Make Love (not bad, but listen to the version on Live Killers), Sleeping On The Sidewalk (blah.), Who Needs You (who needs that song?). Ah, but this album does have 2 songs that save it.  It's Late and My Melancholy Blues are both INCREDIBLE!  And don't let my review fool you.  I love Queen.  And this music is not bad, it's just not up to standard.  This album was self-produced and has sort of a basement sound to it. (Think Metallica - St. Anger.)  Overall, not a bad album, but definitely not a Queen album I'd recommend.  Get Sheer Heart Attack, A Night At The Opera, or Jazz instead.  You'll thank yourself for it.
B00005JMFO|5.0|If you love Four Weddings and a Funeral, Nottin Hill, and British humor on the big screen, you will love this new movie.  The writing is clever and there's plenty of dialog. The characters are interwoven and it takes a bit of time to figure out how each person is connected.  That's half the fun.  Hugh Grant is delicious as the new prime minister of England.  And look for a great cameo by Billy Bob Thornton as the rakish United States President.  Liam Neesom has a marvelous role as a grieving step father.  He mixes well with his small step son who is having love problems of his own.  A witty script and great acting lead to a memorable moment at the theater.  Don't miss this one if you want an entertaining evening at the movies!
B00005JKZU|5.0|O.K., I've read the books.  I know that J.R.R. Tolkien is in a class by himself as a writer of The Lord of The Rings trilogy.  No movie, could ever replicate the intricacies of that epic work.  Tolkien spent his entire life writing LOTR and the Simarillion.  <br />Peter Jackson has attempted to translate Tolien's literary fantasy to the screen.  The first attempt, The Fellowship of the Ring, was good, entertaining and pleasant.  The second, the subject of this review, The Two Towers, is a masterpiece. Jackson, did not attempt to translate every detail of the book onto the screen.  that would have been artistic suicide.  The LOTR was originally meant to be one book.  Tolkien's publisher divided into three  because it was so long.  Jackson took The Two Towers  and made it exciting and suspenseful without sacrificing the essence of Tolkien's writing.  <br />The characters are exactly as I envisioned them.  Aragorn is a bit more fleshed out than in the books, but it works.  <br />This movie is beyond enjoyable.<br />Highly recommended.
B00005JKC3|2.0|I TOOK MY 5 YEAR OLD TO SEE IT IN THE THEATER . THEY SPENT SO MUCH TIME BUILDING YOU UP THAT THERES HARDLY THAT MUCH HULK .
B0000A14WB|5.0|Overall, this DVD-A is amazing.  The mix just blew my mind.<br />I am having a problem with the dts 5.1 mix.  It seems to be corrutpted or something as my audio processor can't lock onto the signal.  Anyone else having this problem?<br />Thanks for any info you may have.
B00005QK39|5.0|The songs on Script for a Jester's Tear (a fantastic album title, by the way) grapple with tried-and-true themes like substance abuse (\\"He Knows You Know\\") and relationships gone wrong (the masterful title cut). Even if those were the only themes tackled, these songs completely satisfy as lead singer Fish's poetic and introspective lyrics require repeat listening to completely absorb. Fish always has something to say and is never at a loss for a clever way to do so. He lashes out at the cultural elite in \\"Garden Party\\" with phrases like \\"smiles polluted with false charm\\" and \\"social climbers polish ladders, wayward sons again have fathers.\\" In the phenomenal album closer \\"Forgotten Sons,\\" Fish attacks warmongers \\"who order desecration, mutilation, verbal masturbation in their guarded bureaucratic wombs.\\"<br />Musically, it sounds like the rest of the band shuffled through instrumental bits and pieces until they found suitable background noise to accommodate whatever Fish retrieved from what one guesses is a vast collection of journals and diaries. That isn't to say that the music doesn't adequately complement the lyrics (the title track exemplifies how the music can enhance the drama of the vocals), just that neither appears to have been crafted with the other in mind.<br />With a proclivity for complicated imagery and dramatic flair, it's no wonder that Fish and the boys drew frequent comparisons to the Peter-Gabriel-fronted-Genesis years. Still, while the style and sound may be similar, Marillion still deserves credit for launching a European progressive rock band in the early-`80s that crafted a voice for itself that can't be compared to anyone else.
B00005JH9W|5.0|Does anyone know who the distributor of this DVD is?  Please don't tell me that some politically-correct types are the reason this has still not come to market.  This is the only DVD I can think of that I really want to own (I'm not a buyer of movies, but this one is special).  We should inundate the distributor with requests for the release of this DVD, or find out who's holding up the show, so we can think bad thoughts about them.  Let's go, damnit!
B00005QK3B|5.0|Formed in 1978, Marillion didn't have any chart success until October 1982 when \\"Market Square Heroes\\" scraped the bottom of the British charts at an unforgettable #60. With their first studio album, they soared into the top ten, as with the follow-up album and a live album after that, but comparable success with singles alluded them.<br />That all changed with \\"Kayleigh.\\" Without betraying his lyrical prowess, lead singer Fish penned a commercial tune that went all the way to #2 on the British charts and proclaimed itself one of the best \\"I want you back\\" songs ever written. That song, and British top ten followup \\"Lavender,\\" fueled the album to the top in England and on American shores landed the band an opening stint for Rush.<br />Childhood dares to traverse the dangerous ground of \\"concept album,\\" going so far as to not even insert breaks between songs. The result is a cohesive, focused, and seemingly autobiographical effort that takes the listener on a rollercoaster ride through the initial depression of a breakup, the subsequent acid-induced fall into the abyss, and the final realization that, as he sings in \\"Childhood's End?,\\" \\"I can do anything and still the child/'cos the only thing misplaced was direction and I found direction/There is no childhood's end.\\"<br />The album shines brightest the middle, when the album's focal character is falling apart. In \\"Blind Curve,\\" Fish sings, \\"it's getting late for scribbling and scratching on the paper/Something's gonna give under the pressure/And the cracks are already beginning to show/It's too late.\\" In \\"Lords of the Backstage,\\" Fish explores the burden of maintaining a relationship under the stress of becoming a rock star, stating \\"a lifestyle with no simplicities, but I'm not asking for your sympathies/Talk, we never could talk, distanced by all that was between us/A lord of the backstage, a creature of language/I'm so far out and I'm too far in.\\"<br />With Misplaced Childhood, Marillion not only pulls off their master stroke, but creates a classic that even the most celebrated bands would struggle to top.eir master stroke, but creates a classic that even the most celebrated bands would struggle to top.
B00005JLEU|5.0|For years Hayao Miyazaki has been making amazing movies yet it is only now with his academy award for this movie that he is getting the attention he deserves. With Studio Ghibli expanding its office space and &quot;Hauru No Ugoku Shiro&quot; on the way next year I highly recommend that you watch this movie as well as all of Miyazaki's other works because this is, in my opinion, one of the greatest animated movies of all time. I wonder why Disney doesn't make movies of this calibur anymore, they should learn from Miyazaki and give all of his movies a wide release instead of the sorry excuse of a theatrical release they gave this excellent movie. If you like animation and have an imagination then you definitely should buy this movie regardless of your age.
B000002UAR|5.0|In a mere 35 minutes, Revolver leaves a profound indentation on the ears of all listeners. This album soars over all parameters of the pop spectrum, leaving the most beautiful trail of colors in the sky. Flushed with 60s rebellion, psychedelia, maritime whimsy, loneliness and romance, Revolver (in my opinion) shines forth as the most brilliantly rendered, inclusive, manifold record of the 20th century. I really don't think anyone can name a more passionate body of music.<br />From the opening count of Taxman, this album envelops and charges all emotions. Taxman is one of the most eloquent, creative songs against the status quo, particularly the situation of unscrupulous and excessive taxation. With spectacular harmonization and an influential theme, Taxman is one of the greatest opening songs ever recorded. Following Taxman is one of the loneliest songs of The Beatles discography, Eleanor Rigby. Another cult classic, this song is an empathetic look at a few of the forgotten people of our world. A telling story, Eleanor Rigby has become a widely renowned song. Father Mackenzie was an answer on Jeopardy the other night! The next track is entitled I'm Only Sleeping. Surprising as it may be, this is my favorite track on the album. I've never heard a more musically poignant song about something as simple as sleeping. It's a gorgeous tune, listen after listen. The fourth number is the raga-inflected Love You To. Although not one of my favorites, it's still an important song. Pushing the envelope into the Far East, the dreamy, shimmering citars add a peculiar, other-worldy effect to the album. Like coming home from a life-long trip to a loved one, Here, There &amp; Everywhere, the following track, furnishes a stark, unbridled flurry of love for your heart. I think it's one of the greatest love songs ever written. On a lighter yet equally enjoyable note, Yellow Submarine proceedes with a whimsical telling of a happy family in a Yellow Submarine. She Said She Said comes next. This song makes me feel wonderful. I can't really write about any specifics other than the thrilling &quot;When I was a Boy&quot; line. It's just an intelligent, expressive pop sing with a very different, pleasing sound. Good Day Sunshine, the following song, is most accurately described by its title. I'll leave it at that. And Your Bird Can Sing comes next. This number is a fantastic, upbeat, poprock track colored with dazzling guitar solos and intricate harmonization. For No One reverts back to the lonely feel of Eleanor Rigby, but on a less grave note. With a graceful horn and a lovely piano, For No One is yet another touching, remarkable song on Revolver. The next track, Doctor Robert, shakes things up a bit with a fetching beat and a surreal, evocative hook. I Want To Tell You follows Doctor Robert with more lively, feel-good music, most noticeably heard by the trotting bass and the zestful piano. Got To Get You Into My Life commingles a spirited horn section with an elaborate, anthemic rock song to yield a very detailed, very awesome song. Sadly all albums must end, even Revolver. Tomorrow Never Knows serves as the coda, and is a fine closer indeed. Probably the most psychedelic song of the album, it's a kalaidoscopic journey through the Beatles incredibly limned images.<br />As a passionate fan of music, I'd be crazy to not recommend Revolver to everyone. For those of you who haven't heard this yet and are looking for a special album, you've absolutely come to the right place. Revolver will stay with you for life. Please give it a chance. It's truely a wonder.
B00005JLEU|5.0|For years Hayao Miyazaki has been making amazing movies yet it is only now with his academy award for this movie that he is getting the attention he deserves. With Studio Ghibli expanding its office space and &quot;Hauru No Ugoku Shiro&quot; on the way next year I highly recommend that you watch this movie as well as all of Miyazaki's other works because this is, in my opinion, one of the greatest animated movies of all time. I wonder why Disney doesn't make movies of this calibur anymore, they should learn from Miyazaki and give all of his movies a wide release instead of the sorry excuse of a theatrical release they gave this excellent movie. If you like animation and have an imagination then you definitely should buy this movie.
B00004U2EZ|5.0|The original is always better, other versions maybe be good but it could never do justice to the original. I think, all singers are perfect. My favorite is Daniel Lavoie, at first I didn't like his voice, but then... He has such metal, cold voice, but sometimes gives such gentle notes, that it's just break your heart. All others are perfect. I can't find right words :) But I must say, that Daniel Lavoie and Garou not just singing, they are telling a story with their voices. <BR>In live version I was a litlle disappointed with Helen Segara, she has a stone face, but she sings good. If you want to buy, just buy it, you will not regret. It's not just a musical, it's something beautiful and undescribable.
B00005JLEU|5.0|For years Hayao Miyazaki has been making amazing movies yet it is only now with his academy award for this movie that he is getting the attention he deserves. With Studio Ghibli expanding its office space and &quot;Hauru No Ugoku Shiro&quot; on the way next year I highly recommend that you watch this movie as well as all of Miyazaki's other works because this is, in my opinion, one of the greatest animated movies of all time. I wonder why Disney doesn't make movies of this calibur anymore, they should learn from Miyazaki and give all of his movies a wide release instead of the sorry excuse of a theatrical release they gave this excellent movie. If you like animation and have an imagination then you definitely should buy this movie regardless of your age.
B0000C0FJB|4.0|Today I went shopping to buy the Rush in Rio DVD but it was sold out so I figured why not just buy the CD to last me until i buy the DVD. I paid 20 bucks for this CD but it was worth it and it wasn't worth it. The sound quality makes this a 10-15 dollar CD but the 31 tracks and 3 discs make this worth the price. The reason why I knocked down one star was because the sound is terrible. The crowd is louder than the band is and the guitars are heard more than Geddy's voice is. I would have preferred a better sound mix, because it sounds like they compressed the 5.1 mix from the DVD into a 2.0 surround mix for CD and it makes it terrible. This CD is only for those who are hardcore Rush fans, people who don't own DVD players yet (how many are there of those I wonder). BUY THIS ANYWAY because if you are reading this, then you are pretty much a hardcore fan. But if you have a DVD player get it on DVD!
B0000C9ZLD|3.0|Maybe they can become the next Beatles. Not bloody likely. The Beatles were innovators, while The Strokes are still coming off as imitators (albeit excellent ones). Their latest breaks no new ground. It actually sounds like a near twin to the first lp.Compare their second effort to bands like Pavement or REM,(both critics faves)second lp's and The Strokes aren't even in the same ballpark. Apeing the Velvets and Television is a nice gimmick, but two lp's is enough. Enjoyable, but throughly disposable. Buy it, but don't worship these prep-school poseurs.
0345451325|5.0|This book just plain old kicked [behind]. It had lots of action. I would recomened it to anyone who likes the game or wants an awsome   <BR>           - action - adventure - scifi -    <BR>                     <BR>                        book
B0000D14JV|5.0|When I saw this movie, I just started to laugh. I never started laughing. It was really funny and I think that everyone who likes comedies should get this movie.
B00000IQW0|2.0|Battlestar Galactica was first seen in the USA as a three-hour premiere on a Sunday night.  I watched that broadcast from 8pm to 11pm.  Later this edited version was released to theatres in Sensurround.  Hopefully the series boxed set will contain the complete film.
B00005JKC3|5.0|The movie is a perfect tribute to the hulk franchise, it isn't filled blatantely with crappy action scenes (like M:Reloaded) and it sure as hell doesn't have any corny storylines (like Spiderman), it succeeds at being a drama that keeps the audience thinking and it builds up tension till we see Bruce lose control. I can't imagine the hulk being anyother way. For all the people that said negative things about this movie, I've got one question to ask- Do you even read Hulk comics, because if you did you would see how awesome this movie really is.
B000089RVX|1.0|I really don't see how there is anybody out there who actually thinks that any of this groups songs are good.  I'll give them credit for halfway decent music, but that's not the reason I gave it such a low review.  The reason for that is because the lead singer has one of the worst voices that I have ever heard.  It's like listening to fingernails on a chalkboard.  This girl's voice is something that the world should have to hear again, or have even heard in the first place.  It just goes to show you how talentless a band can be these days.  I really hope that it doesn't get any worse than this.
0553277472|3.0|Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance is the most challenging book I've ever read.  It's not one I would have chosen on my own, nor is it like any other I've ever picked up.  The characters are not developed, yet they don't need to be.  Ideas are expanded upon in great depth, but from angles that have never crossed my mind.  The story jumps from novel to Chautauqua, and back again.  The novel-like parts follow a boy and his father on a cross country motorcycle journey, while at the same time the Chautauqua becomes a battle between one man and the distant memory of another, seemingly fighting for the same body.  Somehow the two-novel and Chautauqua-fit together.<BR> <BR>My feelings on this book are mixed.  I can't decide if I like it.  A few times I'd enjoy delving deeper into this \\"insane\\" man's mind, while most of the time I'd be ready to bang my head against a wall and set the book on fire.  Many of the thoughts that at first intrigued me got analyzed to death, making it difficult to continue.  However, in spite of struggling through the difficult and boring parts that appeared so often, I'm actually somewhat proud of myself for reading this.  Parts of it made me think; I even found myself questioning subjects that arose.<br /> I'm not sure if I should recommend this book.  I don't want to be responsible for someone going insane, yet many other books will seem like a piece of cake after reading Zen. Without the novel parts to ease my mind, I would not have been able to make it through this whole book and still be sane.  It is extremely repetitive and if I never hear the words Quality or rationality again I think I'll be very grateful.
B00005JMFO|4.0|Like Four Weddings and a Funeral, Notting Hill, Bridget Jones Diary and About a Boy all rolled into one film. <BR>Moments in this movie are wonderful and charming. There is a lot of nudity and it undermines the film, that is why it loses a star in the rating. It is beyond most R rated films in both language and nudity. <BR>It is a series of storylines about new relationships that in many cases are good enough to have stood alone and some that should have been cut from the movie altogether.<BR>What works is the overall concept and if you can get past all the nudity (mind you, if you are a fan of nudity there wont be nearly enough for you here) you have a funny and moving look at relationships. <BR>The story of the father (Liam Neeson) and son is outstanding; Hugh Grant's Prime Minister story is charming; Colin Firth's story is nice; the story of a singer and his manager is funny and Emma Thompson breaks your heart. The musical score is great.<BR>Aside from the fact that you should not see it with your kids or your Mum, it's quite good actually.
6305003882|5.0|The name Jim Carroll may not be familiar to mainstream, radio-friendly listeners, but to those who know about rock poetry and Punk Carroll is one of the genre's greatest word-players along with Patti Smith and has recorded two especially noteworthy works, &quot;Catholic Boy&quot; and &quot;The People Who Died,&quot; which sound like wonderfully gritty hybrids of beat poetry and Punk rock. &quot;The Basketball Diaries&quot; is based on Carroll's novel of the same name which is a testament of his days living in the streets of New York during which he became addicted to heroin, saw friends either die or spiral down into self-destruction and eventually found his talent for words as an exit out of the hell he was trapped in. As a movie, the story comes alive with a powerful impact. Director Scott Kalvert does not make the movie into an obvious anti-drug message, instead the story of Carroll's teen years is simply just...told. There is almost a documentary-like realism in how scenes are put together, nothing feels false but instead chillingly real. Anyone who has lived in an environment like this or attended high school in the more gritty, violent sections of a city can instantly relate to the people and events. The actors bring these characters to live with great believability, Leonardo DiCaprio broke through with this role, but even his recent work in films like &quot;Titanic&quot; and &quot;Gangs Of New York&quot; seems more tame compared to his brilliant, effective performance here. The scenes where Carroll is addicted to heroin and lives in the junkie underworld are performed by DiCaprio with a vivid realism that is disturbing. One reviewer here complained about the movie missing a plot, plot is not something central here, the story is central and it is the story of a very talented young man gripped by addiction in a world where vices and the darker side of life can easily suck you in. And of course, there is some great music here by Soundgarden, The Doors, The Cultand a great highlight which is Carroll performing &quot;Catholic Boy&quot; with Pearl Jam. In the history of rock music there are many popular stories of addiction from Iggy Pop to Scott Weiland, Carroll's is brought to life in a movie that breathes and doesn't need to throw the message in your face, the message is right there in the story itself.
B00004XONN|5.0|This album, like any other really, cannot be rated as an album on first listen. Any good band makes an albums for which your love and appreciation grows with each hearing. No other album I've listened to suits this idea as much as Kid A. The first time I heard this, it was just a strange collection of sounds. This seems to be most people's first impression of it, that it's not as much music as modern art for a new millenium. This view of the album persisted for awhile. My dislike for Kid A's inaccessibility seemed to grow with time and I eventually stopped listening to it altogether, getting into Radiohead's other numerous masterpieces. But this album kept on getting into my consciousness. I decided to give it another spin.<br />My opinion immediately changed. I loved it and my love has only grown with time. This album is not pure technological ramblings; it's beautiful art rock with a technological backdrop. From the opening synth notes of 'Everything in its Right Place', this album sets a mood. An unsettling mood, yes, but one that burrows into your mind and makes a lasting, even profound impression. This song moves into the oriental xylophone chords and obscure, subtle beat, and obscure, technologically-muffled lyrics of the title track. The next track, 'The National Anthem,' thunders right along with its catchy bass riff and horns that start off relatively normal but soon digress into a blaring wall of sound. Next comes 'How to Disappear Completely,' among the most haunting and beautiful songs on the record, a song that hints at isolation with the world around and wanting to escape. This is followed by the relaxing (believe-it-or-not) guitar sounds of Ed O'Brien. 'Optimistic' is the song on here that sounds most like prior Radiohead tracks, never a bad thing. A nice little section at the end of this song leads into 'In Limbo,' a haunting piece with spiralling lyrics and guitar. A bid at genius techno beats follows with 'Idioteque,' and Radiohead succeeds by great bounds. 'Morning Bell' is an interesting song to say the least. It's about divorce; keep that in mind when Thom sings of 'cutting the kids in half.' It's not as morbid as it seems. The album closes out on a heavenly note with the album's most beautiful, touching, amazing, and overall best song, 'Motion Picture Soundtrack.' This song is basically Thom singing over organ and harp. The highlight of the album is probably the most heart-wrenchingly lovely line ever penned: 'I will see you in the next life.' The way this line is crooned falsetto over the spiralling music can't help but make you feel emotional.<br />This is an album that grows on you over time. Mind you, it can take a lot of time for this appreciation to kick in. Musically, this is the most fulfilling, if not favorite, album I have ever bought.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|One of the most anticipated albums of the year. Usually when that is the case, the album disappoints because of the pressure. Not here. This album far and away exceeded my expectations. Though the Strokes used the same producer, and same songwrighting technique on this album as they did on &quot;Is This It&quot;, &quot;Room On Fire&quot; is a much more sophisticated album. Tracks like &quot;Whatever Happened&quot; and &quot;Reptilia&quot; very much recall the immediacy and fast pace of many tracks on Is This It, but treats like &quot;Automatic Stop&quot; and the gorgeous, almost Motown inspired &quot;Under Control&quot; show a new, slower side of the band that I think is extraordinary. And there are some great catchy pop tunes on here like &quot;Between Love and Hate.&quot; I cannot recommend this album highly enough.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|On their first album, The Strokes pondered, &quot;Is This It?&quot; Critics and many others wondered the same thing; could this band be the future of rock as we know it? As a big fan of the first album, my answer is yes, this is it.<br />Have The Strokes evolved the sound between albums? No, but that is not important to the slightest degree. What I wanted with this album and I'm guessing many other loyal fans wanted was a relative repeat in feel for the album and that's what the band has delivered. I don't care who says that repeating a prior album's formula is lethal; the result is pretty da*n good. What has evolved is their already major talent, especially in the cases of vocalist Julian Casablancas and guitarist Nick Valensi. Casablancas radiates pure attitude, something a lot of bands could stand to have, and the way his emotion can change from indifference to bottled rage at the drop of a hat is phenomonal. (Witness 'The End Has No End.') Plus, Valensi's guitar work has grown from simpler pluckings on the first album to frenzied attacks on Room On Fire. (Witness 'Reptilia' and '12:51.)<br />Explaining what's good about this album is like explaining what's circular about a circle. Even after making the very similar Is This It, the material still seems fresh. Many complain about similarities between The Strokes and their predecessors, Velvet Underground. I personally don't see the similarities except the vocal distortion, the sound of the guitar solo on 'You Talk Way Too Much' maybe, and the fact that both bands are from New York. And anyway, what's the big deal? Everything that comes out today has been done before. The possibilities for modern rock don't seem to be expanding greatly; nothing today could be classified as totally original, not even Radiohead or The Flaming Lips really. Old music is becoming new again for a new generation that hasn't experienced it like the old generation has, and with The Strokes at the helm in seems fresh. The only people who will blame them for copying other groups are thinking too hard.<br />The Strokes have done something any band dreams of doing: releasing a second album that improves upon its predecessor. Sophomore curse, my foot! If it's a good band, the second album is bound to be good, nothing to it.
0380789035|4.0|Gaiman's Sandmen graphic novels and comics exhibited a fertile and grand imagination. What's interesting about Gaiman's massive book are all the influences he sites and thanks at the end; Harlan Ellison, Terry Prachett and many, many others. Those influences are telling in American Gods. You can just about see the influences leaking through the cracks including Ellison's Deathbird story cycle. What it most reminds me of, though, is a cross of Stephen King's The Stand and his Gunslinger series. Gaiman still manages to create a work that is uniquely his own despite the melding influences evident in his work.<br />American Gods focuses on an interesting premise; when people stop believing in gods do they die or just retire? Gaiman's novel posits a conflict between the gods of old (Odin a number of mythological gods from Celtic culture and many, many others)and the gods modern America has created; the gods of the media and technology battle the gods of older, forgotten cultures. Caught in the middle of this is a cypher of a character named Shadow. Just released from prison for an assault, he's looking forward to seeing his wife and resuming his old job at a work out facility. Suddenly, he's faced with no past or future; his wife is killed in an accident and the job prospect dries up.<br />He's recruited by a character he meets on an airplane (&quot;call me Wednesday&quot;). Wednesday seems to know more about Shadow than Shadow himself. Although he isn't interested at first, the job and character intrigue him. He takes it and suddenly finds himself thrust into a weird world of gods who have become con artists to survive and a pawn in a battle between the forces of what was and what is.<br />Gaiman's style throughout most of the novel reminds me of Stephen King. That isn't necessarily bad; Gaiman's strength is in his use of metaphors and similes. It's in his ability to tell a story with a convoluted narrative without the reader losing track of the point of origin and the point of destination. Again, the similarities are more to Ellison and King than any of his other contemporaries.<br />What American Gods lacks, though, is strong character development. Shadow is merely a cypher for much of the story. Yes, we know things about him but he's more important for what he represents (a character for the reader to identify with as the narrative becomes stranger) than what he is. In King's finest work his ability to distill and create memorable characters can outshine some of the silly plots. While Gaiman is still finding his way with creating complex characters that function within the tapestry of the narrative, it doesn't detract from the strong metaphorical stories he creates.<br />I wouldn't say that Gaiman has arrived as a novelist yet. He shows considerable promise. While there's still some debate as to whether American Gods deserved the Hugo Award for best novel, I can't think of a better structured, dense and entertaining narrative for the year it was nominated. I'm looking forward to Gaiman's further novels. Hopefully he can mature into the writer his work promises he'll become. From all indications, I'd say that it's a safe bet he'll be writing entertaining, interesting stories for some time to come.point of destination. Again, the similarities are more to Ellison and King than any of his other contemporaries. <br />What American Gods lacks, though, is strong character development. Shadow is merely a cypher for much of the story. Yes, we know things about him but he's more important for what he represents (a character for the reader to identify with as the narrative becomes stranger) than what he is. In King's finest work his ability to distill and create memorable characters can outshine some of the silly plots. While Gaiman is still finding his way with creating complex characters that function within the tapestry of the narrative, it doesn't detract from the strong metaphorical stories he creates.<br />I wouldn't say that Gaiman has arrived as a novelist yet. He shows considerable promise. While there's still some debate as to whether American Gods deserved the Hugo Award for best novel, I can't think of a better structured, dense and entertaining narrative for the year it was nominated. I'm looking forward to Gaiman's further novels. Hopefully he can mature into the writer his work promises he'll become. From all indications, I'd say that it's a safe bet he'll be writing entertaining, interesting stories for some time to come.
B00006LHYC|1.0|At her previously released Italian albums Laura Pausini had 3-4 tracks that were melodic and memorable, the rest of songs was not distinguishable from mainstream of mass-produced pop. Arguably, her best album for today is \\"Ritorno da te: the best of Laura Pausini\\", a compilation of her better songs. Her english debut is very disappointing. Why would anyone buy another Ceiline Dion styled artist in the music market already saturated with Ceiline Dion alikes?
0790749815|5.0|One of Hitch's best and most effortless suspense movies has the benefit of a brilliant, witty script by the late Ernest Lehman and star performances by Cary Grant as the put upon Thornhill (whose initials are R.O.T. a nice representation of what's happened to his world), the sexy Eva Maire Saint, the menacing Martin Landau (in his first film role)and the charming but deadly James Mason.<br /><br />Grant plays Thornhill an advertising executive who, through a case of mistaken identity (he raises his hand calling for someone to come take a telegram at the exact moment that a telegram is announced for Mr. Kaplan). As a result, he's kidnapped, taken to the country retreat of a diplomat by the name of Vandamm. Vandamm (Mason)believes that undercover agent Kaplan has too much information about his spy ring and plans.<br /><br />He has his men get Thornhill drunk and they put him behind the wheel so he can have a fatal auto accident. Fortunately, Thornhill survives. He's determined to find out who Kaplan is and what Vandamm really wants. From there Thornhill's life spirals out of control as Vandamm tries to have him killed during the famous cropdusting sequence and convince his lover Eve Kendall (Eva Marie Saint)to become involved with him and, later, betray him. There's so many twists and turns in this hairraising classic that you have to see the film to appreciate the beauty of the direction, writing and performances.<br /><br />This new spruced up digital transfer looks terrific. Warner evidently had the film digitally restored (not quite as painstaking as the restoration for Vertigo, Rear Window and Lawrence of Arabia but considerably less expensive)so that the colors are closer to the original release prints from 1959. The soundtrack has been beautifully remixed for 5.1 Dolby Digital. While the soundtrack can't completely take advantage of the remix, it sounds terrific. There's also a really good feaurette on the making of the film featuring Landau, Saint, Lehman and Patricia Hitchcock.<br /><br />The inclusion of Ernest Lehman's nicely detailed audio commentary is a nice extra as well although it's clear that some of the same comments show up again in the documentary.  Bernard Herrmann's marvelous music score is isolated on one track so that music fans can hear the original score in all its glory.<br /><br />North by Northwest was the next to last in a string of classics directed by Hitch during the 60's (Hitch only made one movie in the 60's that comes close to his best films and that's the brilliant, dark The Birds). After a string of great movies and box office smashes including Rear Window, To Catch A Thief, Vertigo, The Trouble With Harry, Strangers On A Train and other lesser known works, North By Northwest was a brilliant conclusion to a decade that showed enormous growth in Hitch's directing ability and style. Psycho which would come out the following year would continue Hitch's groundbreaking approach to cinema as well but North by Northwest was the last of Hitch's complex thrillers to capture the public's attention.Patricia Hitchcock.<br /><br />The inclusion of Ernest Lehman's nicely detailed audio commentary is a nice extra as well although it's clear that some of the same comments show up again in the documentary.  Bernard Herrmann's marvelous music score is isolated on one track so that music fans can hear the original score in all its glory.<br /><br />North by Northwest was the next to last in a string of classics directed by Hitch during the 60's (Hitch only made one movie in the 60's that comes close to his best films and that's the brilliant, dark The Birds). After a string of great movies and box office smashes including Rear Window, To Catch A Thief, Vertigo, The Trouble With Harry, Strangers On A Train and other lesser known works, North By Northwest was a brilliant conclusion to a decade that showed enormous growth in Hitch's directing ability and style. Psycho which would come out the following year would continue Hitch's groundbreaking approach to cinema as well but North by Northwest was the last of Hitch's complex thrillers to capture the public's attention.
B000002BSG|5.0|you've got to buy this CD. i'm a HUGE jamiroquai fan, and this is his best CD yet (Return of the Space Cowboy being a very close second). Best songs on the CD are virtual insanity ; cosmic girl ; and alright. jamiroquai never fails to cheer me up. this CD always puts me in a good mood. don't buy this CD if you're not into funk &amp; dance music, but even if you're not generally a fan of that genre (i'm more of a hip-hop and r&amp;b type), you might like this CD. i encourage you strongly to buy all their CDs !!!!
B00004RFFS|3.0|Anne Rice's Vampire Chronicles are sensual and voluptuous books, full of heavy gothic prose and powerful images. The movie of her first novel, 'Interview With The Vampire' is none of the above, but still manages to be a decent enough film, although it lacks any resemblance to the mood of Rice's original writing.<br />The plot follows the adventures of fledgeling Vampire Louis de Pointe du Lac (Brad Pitt), as told to a reporter (Christian Slater), one night in New Orleans. He starts from the beginning of his undead life and brings us right up to the present day, and introduces us to a host of grim characters along the way, the most prolific of which is Lestat, played with horrible boyishness by the hopelessly miscast Tom Cruise.<br />The movie has many good points. Neil Jordan's style of direction suits the mood of the film very well, and in some places, excels (the Theatre Des Vampires sequence is particularly memorable). Also excellent is Pitt, in his role as Louis. He remains as faithful as he can to Rice's pedantic, melancholic Vampire as the oddly lacklustre script allows. The soundtrack is also deserving of a mention, as its lavishness complements the gothic mood of the film beautifully.<br />The majority of glowing reviews for 'Interview', however, don't take into account the original novel, and it's here that the film fails. The character of Lestat DeLioncourt is that of a tortured and malevolent boy-monster, and yet Tom Cruise plays it with such high-camp gusto that we wonder if Warner Bros. gave Anne Rice money to retract her Tom Sawyer comments when she saw the initial screen tests. In Cruise's hands, Lestat becomes something like a Leslie-Nielsen style vampire, all fangs and drama and no substance. Similarly, Kirsten Dunst, who has now matured into a good actress, gives an overstated and hammy performance as Claudia, who, in the novel, is wise beyond her years, an unnatural and immortal monstrosity who eventually brings about the destruction of both Lestat and herself. And Antonio Banderas should never have been given the role of the Ayrean 16-year old Armand. He still speaks with a heavy Latino accent and is clearly a hispanic man in whiteface. He's nothing to do with the character of Armand.<br />That said, 'Interview' is still a very good movie, though it fails to deliver the same punch and atmosphere as the original novel. It's a solid story, with many good points, but for anyone who's read the book, it's a shame that so much potential was cast aside in favour of Hollywood-style Overstatement.
B00009W0U4|3.0|Irreversible is a disturbing movie, and you can compare it to Cannibal Holocaust, Last House On The Left or Salo for the way it reflects violence. But Gaspar No's work is very good, because he tries to make the situations very real. There are a lot of scenes that will haunt you for days, maybe for weeks and months, and the last sequence may cause you a headache.<BR>The image of the DVD is more clear that if you see the movie in a theater, specially in the now infamous extinguisher sequence (very well filmed), when one guy's face ends like the ones of that characters in Lord Of the Rings, those monsters who ara chasing Viggo Mortensen. The cinematography, editing, acting and soundtrack are very good. I recommend the movie a lot, but only to those who are prepared for it; you can close your eyes if you want to, but if you stay till the end, you'll be satisfied. You'll see a different movie.<BR>Unfortunately, I have to say that the work of lions Gate on this DVD is BAD, BAD, REALLY BAD. There are no additional scenes, nor the making of the special effects. I sent an e-mail asking what happened to this material and they told me that they can't answer individual e-mails. Buy the european edition, not the awful Lions Gate DVD.
B00005R23X|4.0|In the early ninties, several superb horror movies like 'Candyman' lost column inches and theatre audiences to 'Bram Stoker's Dracula'. On a tide of publicity it swept through the cinemas, touted as the most faithful adaptation of Stoker's novel ever produced, and while critics remained stony-faced, audiences loved it.<br />And with good reason.<br />With the exception of Keanu Reeves, who really should be banned by the UN Supreme Court from ever making another motion picture, 'Dracula' is definitely the best Vampire movie ever made. It remains extremely faithful to Stoker's original novel and its strength lies in Francis Ford Coppola's visualisation of Stoker's 19th Century London-based Count.<br />Big Names like Winona Ryder, Gary Oldman and Anthony Hopkins turn out excellent performances, but the real stars of this movie are the visuals used in production. Gowns are big and complicated, sets are lush and wholly convincing, and set-pieces like Lucy Westenra's Tomb scene and the opening sequence set in Transylvania are exquisitely realised and very engaging. Put simply, 'Bram Stoker's Dracula' is a wonderful movie for its visual beauty alone, and coupled with some strong performances, becomes a wonderful series of powerful images and sequences linked into one excellent production.<br />The Superbit version of the DVD is really the only version worth owning, as the quality is almost unimaginable. Hook up some stereo speakers and indulge!<br />Note: Keanu Reeves is the only reason I can't give this movie 5 stars. He's awful. In fact, he's worse than awful. But thankfully, he can't spoil the film. His part isn't big enough!
0575073217|4.0|For 'the-well-read-man' there is nothing new in this book, most of it being derived from Iain M Banks': Use of Weapons, Against a Dark Background, and Look to Windward; a smattering of William Gibson's: Neuromancer; and some of K. W. Jeter's work - probably Noir. A great deal of the book is concerned with scenes of gratuitous violence, containing just enough material to maintain a thread to the overall narrative. <br />The plot is a basic Raymond Chandleresque romp, which serves to imbue the characters with some motivation... <br />Richard Morgan's prose is unusually good for a British author, comparable to the better US writers such as K. W. Jeter, and devoid of the flowery and redundant elements that mars many of his contemporaries. It's unfortunate that the logical elements of this book aren't as well considered. The most obvious failing was Reileen Kawahara not figuring on the virus she supplied to Takeshi Kovacs being turned on herself, as it subsequently, and conveniently was. <br />There was too little background to the history of the cortical-stack, robbing the story of useful technical details, which would have been more insightful than the Catholic church coming in for some stick - yet again. Another failing was any substantial insight as to why being un-sleeved for a length of judicial-time was of consequence, since the impression was given that unless you were being tortured / interrogated in virtual, you were more or less unconscious for the period. The only significant aspect to any punishment being that you would probably end up in someone else's body or a synthetic of dubious quality. <br />Alternate Carbon is a reasonable book. But is too derivative for 2003. More effort could have been made to make it a more plausibly coherent and interesting read, at least, and with more interesting and convincing nomenclature and associated technology for the twenty-sixth century.
0385504209|5.0|Brown's writing is clean, precise, and detached, conveying information efficiently and minimizing its narrative presence in the story. The plot is appropriately full of twists and turns, with plenty of cliff-hanging action and a highly satisfying resolution, although some of the inventions seem a bit much (not only must there be a self-mutilating monk/assassin, but he must be an albino self-mutilating monk/assassin to boot). The character development is pretty much what you'd expect from an action-packed thriller - which is to say, minimal, unless it provides an excuse for more ass-kicking adventure. The focus is upon the ingenious puzzles-within-puzzles that Brown has devised, rather than the characters who try to solve them; for this type of story, that's not a problem, although it does limit the book to entertainment rather than literature. A fast-paced, suspenseful, and surprisingly intelligent thriller, The Da Vinci Code deserves its good reputation. Also recommended: Lovely Bones by Sebold, The Losers' Club by Richard Perez
B00005JLRT|5.0|It's a great movie. The specil effects, characters, and the plot was excellent.  The whole Idea of a weapon that can destroy a planet is unthinkible. Captain Picard and his crew go out to save the day, but at a large cost. Our beloved Commander Data bit the dust. I never knew that Star Trek could be emotional. All in all, if ya didn't like it . . . Go to hell!!!!
B00006AW2M|3.0|Recorded when most of the band was high and/or in jail, TSMR is understandably kind of a mess. The press jumped on it with both feet at the time and declared it awful, as did many of the less progressive fans of the band at the time.  However, I think this was a necessary stage in the development of the Stones and really one of their more experimental albums.  Many people cite the Beatles as an influence on here, but the overdriven and hyper-reverbed chords that open &quot;Citadel&quot; sound like pure Syd Barrett to me, and &quot;2000 Light Years From Home&quot; also seems more than a little influenced by the Madcap from Cambridge to these ears. And if you pretend &quot;2000 Man&quot; is on a Kinks album, say &quot;Something Else By The Kinks,&quot; it's an interesting exercise. But who knows? I always wondered if the whole album wasn't a little bit of a parody of &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; instead of an attempt to make their own version.<br />What is true is that there's very little of the scroungey rock rebels of the first albums here. Poor old Brian Jones puts in a terrific performance here, adding all kinds of instrumental flourishes.  It's his creepy mellotron and electronics that turn &quot;2000 Light Years From Home&quot; into what it is, and his use of &quot;non-rock&quot; instruments (especially on the underrated &quot;Gomper&quot;) helps make the album sonically quite intriguing.<br />Granted that Bill Wyman's &quot;In Another Land&quot; is awful, but it's comically awful.  And in any case he's forgiven, because on the rest of the album his bass playing is phenomenal.<br />The standout tracks, as others have said, are &quot;Citadel,&quot; &quot;She's a Rainbow,&quot; &quot;2000 Man,&quot; and &quot;2000 Light Years from Home.&quot;  But overall, this is really worth spending time with.  None of it is as awful as the Stones' fans (and the Stones themselves, apparently) believe it is, and there are more than a few genuinely interesting musical moments.<br />Lyrically, underneath the psych gloss, you can definitely hear a bunch of scared young men thinking about the trouble they're in and being a bit paranoid about it.  &quot;Citadel&quot; in particular stands out in this respect, with the acid-edged imaginings about confinement in steel towers and Jagger's uncharacteristic pleading, &quot;Please come see me in the Citadel.&quot;  Is he speaking from his futuristic city? or from a jail cell? (Which was a real possibility for both he and Richards at the time.)<br />In any case, it was an experiment for the Stones, and overall it didn't seem to work for them.  This was partly because of how the album went against their &quot;image,&quot; and partly because they were not as skilled at psychedelia as the Who, the Beatles or Syd Barrett's Pink Floyd.  But I still think this is a very worthy album and I find it very addictive in its own strange way.  But make up your own mind, give it a fair shot, and I think you will find a lot to like here./>Lyrically, underneath the psych gloss, you can definitely hear a bunch of scared young men thinking about the trouble they're in and being a bit paranoid about it.  &quot;Citadel&quot; in particular stands out in this respect, with the acid-edged imaginings about confinement in steel towers and Jagger's uncharacteristic pleading, &quot;Please come see me in the Citadel.&quot;  Is he speaking from his futuristic city? or from a jail cell? (Which was a real possibility for both he and Richards at the time.)<br />In any case, it was an experiment for the Stones, and overall it didn't seem to work for them.  This was partly because of how the album went against their &quot;image,&quot; and partly because they were not as skilled at psychedelia as the Who, the Beatles or Syd Barrett's Pink Floyd.  But I still think this is a very worthy album and I find it very addictive in its own strange way.  But make up your own mind, give it a fair shot, and I think you will find a lot to like here.
B0000C9ZLD|2.0|the Strokes are a Decent Band but upon hearing this Album there isn't much difference with there first Album.I don't get all the Buzz about them.I've seen other Bands such as them from the past with less Hype or attention.I have yet to hear a Knock Out Song from either of there Albums.
6305648522|5.0|Cinema Paradiso is a beautiful coming of age movie. Worth seeing just for the film montage in the last scene.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|As a guy who listened to a great deal of The Strokes' debut Is This It?, I can safely say that band's new LP Room on Fire marks a natural, but significant growth. Although there is quite a bit of carry over from their last effort (see &quot;The Way It Is&quot;, &quot;I Can't Win&quot;, &quot;You Talk Way Too Much&quot;), the Strokes reveal more of the talent that had critics in 2001 hailing them as the &quot;saviors of rock.&quot;  <br />While drummer Fab Moretti and Nikolai Fraiture remain unspectacular but steady, the rest of the band, especially lead guitarist Nick Valensi and frontman Julian Casablancas only continue to improve.  Valensi's ringing, synth-like guitar is a highlight throughout the album.  His sound lends a unique feel to tracks such as &quot;Reptilia&quot; and the single &quot;12:51,&quot; while Casablancas's effortless croon makes &quot;Under Control&quot; truly special.  I firmly believe that this album proves deeper and more rewarding than even their smash debut and I eagerly await their next effort.
B00005JM0B|4.0|I didn't see either Terminator 1 or 2, but thought Terminator 3 was quite good.  The entire film really holds your interest, and the plot is quite decent.  Arnold Schwartzenegger looked great, and acted well.  The only reason I am rating it four stars, instead of five, is that the ending left me feeling disappointed...they sort of stopped in the middle, as if they are planning to make Terminator 4.
0345451325|5.0|A Review by Jeff<br />If you have played the game Halo, then you'll probably want to read the book Halo: The Fall of Reach. The book tells about what happens before the game. Kind of like background information that helps you understand how the covenant came to be. The planet Reach is a planet that's like a giant military base. The covenant is trying to take over the planet to get the location of earth and wipe the world of the human race. So that the covenant can expand there race.<br />The first thing I like about the book is how it doesn't go all the way into detail which leaves you imagining. Like for example it says the \\"creatures\\", instead of saying the slimy or green creature. The second is how the planets and star systems are real which took a lot of research to find the distances and planet names. For example the planet Reach isn't really a real planet name but it's a real planet with a different name. The third is how the author crated the covenant race. All the characters were created by himself which took him a lot of time. For example the aliens are all different with different personalities.<br />I would recommend the book to anyone who likes science fiction or anyone who has played the sci-fi shooter Halo. It has very good description and you actually learn a lot about astronomy and some elements. Even if you like fiction you should read this book.
0446677450|5.0|I loved this book.  My dad was &quot;rich dad&quot; but wanted me to live poor dad's teachings.  He didn't think that women should be business owners.  So in my early 40's I found myself divorced, living from paycheck to paycheck without income producing assets. This book really fired me up. I agree with Rich Dad that the single most powerful asset we all have is our mind, and I have dedicated myself to become a consistent Optimal Thinker.  I read Optimal Thinking: How To Be Your Best Self which has given me control of myself and showed me how to make the most of every situation and how to make the most of my life.  I have formed a corporation and am buying fixer uppers below market and flipping them.  Thank you Robert and Sharon.  I have doubled my net worth since I read these books.
0141301155|4.0|A Review by Danney<br />A young boy by the name of Charlie Bucket living in a low poverty level of an area; in a small wooden house being shared by six other relatives. Young Charlie and his family aren't making a whole lot of money considering that only his mom and dad work. One day Mr. Willy Wonka presents to the public a contest that will allow 5 winners to go into his very own factory and at the end of the day they will go home with a lifetime supply of Wonka candy. Will our Charlie Find a golden ticket and win?<br />I like how this book is very creative with all kinds of things. Like the snozzberries, the edible marshmallow pillows, and the all favored Ommpa-Loompas. I like how the book is very descriptive about what is happening with all of the little children. The climax isn't to suspenseful but the most suspense you get is when something happens to a child. I think Mr. Wonka is very energetic for his old age; but he brings the children to their type of dream worlds, filled with magic and candy.<br />I personally recommend this book to anyone who likes fantasy and humor. The book isn't hard to read and it is fun for children of all ages.
B0000AXE8I|4.0|Yeah this was a cool movie, one star of of five from the horrible... horrible, zion scenes.  Well i like movies that have good action and make you THINK... But obviously these days people dont like to think thats why they enjoy the new star wars movies and chick flicks etc.  People who dont like this movie obviously dont like to think very often.. I know its hard you pimply faced nerds... but how bout trying it and interpreting it... like, for yourself
0440224764|4.0|A Review by Jason<br />One day a young lawyer from Memphis -Patrick- snaps. He fakes his own death in a car crash and disappears. Six weeks later ninety million dollars disappears from the firms account. The only person that could have taken the money was Patrick. The firm began its journey to find Patrick. It took them through the Brazilian Rainforests, France, and finally to the small Brazilian town of Ponta Pora. There is only one person who knows were the money is not who you think it is...<br />I like how the book holds you in your seat without wanting to get up to do anything else. It is suspenseful and exciting. John Grisham is a magical writer who makes you \\"see\\" the characters in your head. There are so many points of view here, and from many different places in the world. It brings excitement in every page as you race through the Brazilian Rainforests, the small town of Ponta Pora, and the streets of Memphis. It has theft, murder, the law, and the FBI. It has a ear-shattering climax that explodes.<br />I give this book a four star rating. It has a good plot and is a great story. I would recommend  this book to people of all ages and who like to read big novels.
B000089RVX|5.0|The lyrics and music on this albmun are some of the best I've heard in a long time. While every song has great merrit on it's own, you realy need to listen to the CD from start to finsih to get the most out of it. Songs flow from on to the next with a constient tone, yet each song retains it's induvidual identity. <br />It should be noted the songs on this disc have a very dark theme. They deal with loss, rejection, betrayl and death. Songs on these topics are common in popular music. However, when you combine a passionate lead singer with great background vocals and a generally exellent sound you end up with something less common in recent musical ventures: an albumn worth buying.
B00005JLYW|1.0|This is the worst sequel I have thus far seen in the last few years !! ABSOLUTELY TASTELESS AND RIDICULOUS ! LEt there never again be an ANGELS sequel !! <br />Waste of cash, to even rent !! I would give it no stars if I could ! <br />Rajah
B00000G3Q4|4.0|The first time I saw this was years ago, and I hated it (horror wasn't my thing) but I picked it up again and watched it and I loved it! It's one of those films that tries to scare you with blood and gore and it ends up making you laugh at its attempts. Ash and his friends have traveled up to a somewhat abandoned cabin, where they find a tape player in the basement and play it..... So that resurrects the evil dead. Then one after one they get possessed then its up to ash to kill them. There is some cool gore scenes including full body dismemberment with an axe and an AWESOME eye gouge. Sam Raimi is now a high director in Hollywood and to think (everyone says this) he was making gore fests back in the day. After this buy the second one and army of darkness for the whole set. This movie is great to gross out your squeamish friends and even better to introduce you to the splatter genre.
B00000DFMM|5.0|Claudia Brucken &amp; Suzanne Freytag. The most deliciously tantalizing combination in electronic pop history. The band just wasn't the same after Claudia left. But this album is truly magical. If Kraftwerk invented the genre and gave life to it, Propaganda breathed emotion &amp; passion into it. Solid synth work, and absolutely gorgeous vocal arrangements. They tried being like Kraftwerk.....but they did so much better than kraftwerk could ever hope to. (God strike me down for my blasphemy!) Featuring Trevor Horn's slick production, and contributions from celebrities such as: Glenn Gregory (Heaven-17), David Sylvian (Japan), and Steve Howe (Yes), this album is a literal who's who of musical talent. It's a crime that this album didn't do better in the States. A true Gem of 80's &amp; pop music perfection. This album is the prefect way to introduce new listeners to the synth music genre. I was sold the first time I heard Duel &amp; Dr. Mabuse. Americans may have invented the Synthesizer. But the Germans perfected it. And this album is living proof. Fans should also check out Claudia Brucken's work with Act, and Spirit Feel. And I can't WAIT for her very-soon-to-be-released &amp; much-anticipated collaboration with Paul Humphreys of OMD. Should be out in early 2004 I hear. Buy this album....and it will get stuck in your CD Changer. I guarantee it.
B000066NW0|2.0|Well there is very little to say ,describe ,or criticise that someone else hasnt already said . No this isnt Punk rock in the way that the Ramones or the Sex Pistols were punk rock. But if you call the real commercial MTV bands like Good Charlette punk rock then you will probably also think of Avril as being punk  (and you should like this album if pop-punk is what you like). And when you think about it how can anyone thats coming out now be \\"real punk rock\\" if they werent even alive when Sid Vicous died .(If you like old school stuff just do yourself a favor and dont buy this ).<br />Im also going to agree with some that have said Avril has little talent . If you listen or actually go see her live she just stands there and drones through her songs with little emotion ,depth,or range to her voice(the word monotone comes to mind).Which doesnt really fit with whatever crazy ,bad-girl ,punk type of image shes trying to send out .look at it this way do you think that any real , honest punk rockers would take the same stage as Michelle Branch? or be played on the same radio stations as Sugar Ray and Sheryl Crow(or even get any airplay at all)also as far as good band go that fan from Dis forgot Social Distortion (and I know they mix country and rockabilly with punk but they aren't mtv and are a lot better than anything Avril Lavinge will ever release!)
B00005JLYW|4.0|This movie gets 7 thumbs up from our household.  My 20 year children liked it, mom and I liked it and the little ones liked it.  The only foul language we noticed was from the mouth of Bosley.  To bad.  There is sexual inuendo, but it is subtle enough for younger viewers.  <br />The action and the rock and roll music are terrific.  This movie is fun to watch, almost as much fun as the original.
B00005JM02|5.0|Finding Nemo is with out a doubt the best Disney film since The Lion King. A tender and very funny story about a clown fish that is searching for his kidnap son. The animation is sharp and the voice acting is spot on. This is the best-animated film since the Lion King this movie almost comes close to toping that Disney epic with its sheer brilliance. <br />Definitely a must buy.
B000099T2L|1.0|Ok, this album was pretty awful. (before you freak out, I'm not Lewis Tatem, he's my dad, and I wrote the review of the DEJ7855 sony cd walkman, and the one about the animatrix dvd, and By the Way by the red hot chili peppers) In fact this album verges on horrible. But the track &quot;crazy in love&quot; is well worth the disc. All the other songs, excpt. &quot;baby boy&quot; suck. This disc is good if you are a 14 year old amuter DJ, for junior girl scout meetings (me). Otherwise, just buy the &quot;crazy in love&quot; and &quot;baby boy&quot; singles.
076790592X|5.0|Tuesday's with Morrie is absolutely fabulous! Not only do we fall in love with Morrie but we sympathize with Mitch on levels we thought we never could. It's the perfect analysis of man in his most vulnerable state. It's beautiful and motivating. Morrie make us all want to be a better person.
B00004Z459|5.0|Hybrid Theory is a good album. It's one of the few albums that your can actually listen to every single song. You should buy this album,and Meteora (I haven't bought Reanimation yet, but it's bound to be good) if you want non-swearing rock music that is high quality, and dosn't sound like N*Stink.
B0000AXE8I|2.0|My mother grew up in the rural South she hardly knows anything about video games but she's an action film junkie.  When the opening scene to this movie came on her first words were &quot;What is this?!  A (bleeping) video game?!&quot;  That basically sums up the look of the whole movie.  It's like one long drawn out video game cut scene, you're half expected to pick up the controller and wait for your chance to play.  You figure why not go ahead and make the whole film like &quot;Final Fantasy:TSW&quot; and just use the actors voices.  I read and heard every bad review about this movie and even so I thought I would still like it because I never took the first one seriously, I choose not to find enlightenment in a movie on a theme I've read about millions of times already so I wasn't looking for more half a**ed philosophy about mankind.  But even so the movie still stunk.<br />The fight scenes are quite enjoyable to watch but after a while it's like &quot;whatever&quot;  Neo is a God and you know he's gonna get out of whatever danger that comes his way.  This movie has nothing on the first film.  The first film had an actual story and an edge, plus it had a element of realism.  Reloaded has been washed over by the money hose, everything about this movie says 'Hey look we have more money now!' There were even SFX added in scenes where SFX wasn't even needed,  like the slow down in the chase scene starting the freeway chase scene, it's like the directors were saying &quot;Hey you know what would be cool?!  How about we slow it down a little then speed it back up again!&quot;  And the 'bowling ball knocking down the pins' Sound FX in the million Smiths vs Neo fight scene was useless and cheesy.  These filmmakers have to learn that more money doesn't mean better story.  But what story really?  Nothing in it made sense and I've read reviews here from so called &quot;enlightened&quot; ones who are calling everyone else &quot;morons who don't get it&quot; yet in their reviews none of them won't even explain what they get from this movie besides SFX.  These filmmakers really need to watch &quot;Lord of the rings&quot; and &quot;Star Wars&quot; to learn the art of a full movie trilogy, you keep expecting some kind of a resolution to get you to the next part but before you know it the screen goes black and &quot;To be concluded&quot; pops up.<br />Also The robots should win, sorry but the Zion scene was the worst part ever, 250,000 machines are coming to wipe them to kingdom come and all they wanna do is get their freak on after a dull as h*!! speech?  Speaking of the speeches they were boring the crap out of me, everyone was speaking in lifeless voice as if they were either trying to be 'too cool' or they just lost all feeling somehow.  The movie was lifeless period, the characters, not even the fight scenes had life.  You can't feel for any of them and you wonder who the real machines are.  the only character I actually do like is Mr. Smith, he's the only reason to watch really and he's hardly even in it.  Also the Orcle lady was a good actress but that's it.ews none of them won't even explain what they get from this movie besides SFX.   These filmmakers really need to watch &quot;Lord of the rings&quot; and &quot;Star Wars&quot; to learn the art of a full movie trilogy, you keep expecting some kind of a resolution to get you to the next part but before you know it the screen goes black and &quot;To be concluded&quot; pops up.<br />Also The robots should win, sorry but the Zion scene was the worst part ever, 250,000 machines are coming to wipe them to kingdom come and all they wanna do is get their freak on after a dull as h*!! speech?  Speaking of the speeches they were boring the crap out of me, everyone was speaking in lifeless voice as if they were either trying to be 'too cool' or they just lost all feeling somehow.  The movie was lifeless period, the characters, not even the fight scenes had life.  You can't feel for any of them and you wonder who the real machines are.  the only character I actually do like is Mr. Smith, he's the only reason to watch really and he's hardly even in it.  Also the Orcle lady was a good actress but that's it.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Ok, I bought this album before I bought Hybrid Theory. Although this is a good album, Hybrid Theory is much better. I can't remember all the song names, because my friend Dong Kyu Lim has borrowed mine, but I do remember most of them were good. If you like Chester's general style, he's much better on Hybrid Theory. But if you like Mike more, on this album, he's sooo much better than he is on Hybrid theory, especially on the track &quot;Nobody's listning&quot;, which in my not so humble opinion, is the best track on the album. So, if you like Linkin Park, or just want a good rock album, buy this album. (along with By The Way, by the Red Hot Chili Peppers, and Hybrid theory)
B0000AI45P|5.0|Good review Kevin Orton but one important correction: Fred Sonic Smith of the MC5 is not the same person and in no way related to the Fred Smith who played with Blondie early on before joining Television. No way would a guitar player like Sonic Smith be reduced to bass duties!<br />As for the bonus tracks, if you don't like them on the same disc, well the program button on your CD player has to earn its keep somehow, doesn't it? Listen to the two halves separately if it bothers you, and enjoy each for the incredible listening experiences they are. Thanks Rhino for finally doing Television the justice they have long been denied on CD.
B00004U8P9|5.0|This is the best movie ever!!!! The cast is outstanding.  How often do you find greats like Tim Curry, Susan Saradon, Meatloaf, and so many more.  The soundtrack is absolutely astounding.  I think this movie is a superb example of satire.  Get it today!!!!
B00008EY9G|5.0|this movie kept me on the edge of my seat.......it was very scary!!!!
B000066NW0|5.0|This cd is the best. Avril Lavigne has an awesome <BR>voice. Her album is filled with lots of cool rock/pop tunes.<br />1. Losing Grip- 4.5/5 This is a pretty good rock song.It's about how her boyfriend betrays her and now she feels invisible to him. <BR>2. Complicated- 5/5 This is a great pop song. it's my favorite.<BR>3. Sk8er Boi- 5/5 This is my second favorite song. This is a great fast song.<BR>4. I'm With You-5/5 This is a slower song than the first three. Avril sounds soo good in this song. It's my thrid favorite song.<BR>5. Mobile- 4/5 This is more of a rock song. It's about how everything is changing.<BR>6. Unwanted-3.5/5 this is a fairly good song. It's about how she goes over to her boyfriend's house for dinner and his parents don't like  her.<BR>7. Tommorow-4.5/5 this is a slower song then the others. it's a relly good song.<BR>8. Anything but Ordaniary- 5/5 Really good pop soong. One of my favorites.<BR>9. Things I'll Never Say-5/5 This is kinda of the same tune as Anything but Ordaniary.good song<BR>10. My World-5/5 I love this song. It's definatly one of my favorites. It's about her growing up in her hometown.<BR>11. Nobody's fool-4.5/5-I like this song. it's a rock/pop song with a little bit of rap.<BR>12. Too much to Ask- 3.5/5 It's an O.k. song.<BR>13. Naked-4/5-Good tune. I think it's good.<br />Well all in all i'd rate this cd 5 stars. I'd definatly recommend it.
B0000AFX64|3.0|I just bought the &quot;complete series&quot; of BSG, and just want to let it be known....There is no reason to buy the &quot;feature film&quot; dvd version, because it's all included in the &quot;complete series&quot;.  In fact, the &quot;complete series&quot; has many more scenes not on this version. The only thing that makes this worth buying is the excellent picture quality.  It looks MUCH better than the new &quot;complete series&quot; version does.  Surprisingly, Universal didn't seem to clean up the episodes as much as they could/should have. I watched the 2 side by side, and noticed this in NOT true widescreeen either.  It seems the top and bottom portion of the screen were blacked out purposely to make it appear widescreen.  If you compare the 2 versions, you'll notice you see the exacts same things on the left and right side of the screen.
B00008J2DQ|1.0|Worst thing i've ever heard. Pure garbage. Can you say generic? It really deserves negative stars but it won't let me do it. I'll give it a negative 4 billion stars.
0066214122|4.0|You could say that this is a modern day version of the classic THE ANDROMEDA STRAIN Michael Crichton wrote many years ago (also a fine movie). But here, instead of an alien virus menacing humankind, it is a villan of humans' own making, nanotechnology out of control, which in this book consists of microscopic machines on the rampage. The neo-Luddites should love this book. I suppose that, considering the vast potential and sheer power nanotechnology will probably give humanity someday, I can understand that we should be wary of this technology, proceeding with caution and with appropriate controls in place. <br />Judging the novel solely in it's literary merits, I found the story engrossing and well written, although at times a bit far-fetched. Plot and character development were superb, it will keep your interest, and it is an excellent addition to the genre of disaster novels. In addition, interspersed throughout the book are little tidbits on different aspects of science, you can learn and it is not overbearing.
B00005R2M3|3.0|Shakira's english language debut it's really far from the genious lyrics that she delivers in her Spanish records, but it's understandeable, she learned the language in almost one year, and that's hard, she tried to make the best lyrics she could deliver.   The example of &quot;Whenever, Wherever&quot; the best cut of the whole album, need it a lil' help from Gloria Estefan, but this song works well.  But many songs failed to reach that cleverness and playfulliness that her songs in spanish gave, written poorly, with easy words, like &quot;Ready For The Good Times&quot;, &quot;Rules&quot; and &quot;Fool&quot;.  But after all this album features a pure POP-rock attempt that could reach many people and create a new fan base for Shakira, that surely will deliver a great sophomore album.  The highlights are &quot;The One&quot;, &quot;Underneath Your Clothes&quot; and &quot;Te Dejo Madrid&quot;.
0446677450|2.0|To save you the trouble of buying this book, I will explain what Kiyosaki's basic philosophy is. In fact, this will save you the time and money you might have wasted buying all of the books in his series (I have read 4 of them). Kiyosaki's guiding philosophy is to live like his rich dad and not his poor dad. Poor dad lived by the mantra of &quot;Go to college. Get good grades. Get a good job.&quot; He ended up living paycheck to paycheck and his job was his only source of income. Rich Dad's approach was to buy things like businesses and real estate, that would generate income. He suggests you live in the quadrants of &quot;Investor&quot; and &quot;Business Owner.&quot;<br />I am currently an MBA (masters degree in business) student and I'm interested in finance, so I was very curious about this series, which a friend recommended to me. <br />However, once you get beyond Kiyosaki's basic philosophy, these books become very frustrating, because they are so short on specifics. Specifics such as &quot;How can I actually do this??&quot; My brother, who is an accountant, read the series also, and had the same gripe. You come away thinking he told you something, but wondering what it was.<br />Other reviews have mentioned how terrible the writing is, but hey lets not hold that against him, he's not a writer. <br />Another fundamental gripe I have with Kiyosaki is that he got rich by being very lucky, and his way isn't the only way to do it. With the booming real-estate market, prices have gone up to such an extent that it is harder to find rental properties that can be profitable, unlike when kiyosaki was first investing. Also i know PLENTY of rich people who work a safe, secure job. Lawyers, doctors, CFOs and i-bankers to name a few.<br />I would recommend reading this book, and possibly &quot;cashflow quadrant&quot; just to expose yourself to his basic ideas. Then you will have to figure out a way to apply them on your own, a daunting prospect. But do yourself a favor and stop there, because you will get nothing practical out of the rest of his books.<br />Finally, hey we're not all going to be rich, so don't get all worked up over books like this. If you have a family who loves you, good friends, and a place to rest your head, you're already rich.
B000001EYW|5.0|Barry, Maurice and Robin Gibb are legends. This album is awesome and among my highest rated of their amazingly long list of enjoyable music they have given us in their 35 year career. 35 years! Wow, who else can we say that about? They truly are icons and this album is not a disappointment to any fans or those who haven't given them a listen since the disco days. The songs such as Alone and Still Waters will not disappoint. I Could Not Love You More still brings a tear to my eye every time I hear it, which is often. Lover's Prayer is another awesome song.  What can I say? They're all great. Have a listen, the Bee Gees are the among the greatest songwriting team ever (alongside Lennon &amp; McCartney) Now with the passing of one of that team (rest in peace sweet Maurice) who knows what the future holds. So, grab up this CD and hear the amazing sounds and songs of a legendary group, you won't be disappointed.
630280082X|5.0|Well, not really (just in case ol' Scratch is reading this) but I can't understand why this film is NOT on DVD when so much marginal crap IS.<br />This film rocks from start to finish. It deals with the dreams of an old man and an upstart kid, both of whom learn big-time<BR>lessons. It's a road picture. There are broken hearts and lost souls.<br />And there is music.<br />Personally, I think Steve Vai is perfectly cast and with Ry Cooder added in, a DVD with crystal-clear sound is sorely needed. <br />I highly recommend this film - even on VHS - for its entertainment, music and message.
0385504209|4.0|Certainly The Da Vinci Code is a very easy read indeed. Each chapter is a cliff-hanger, so it's nearly impossible to put the book down in good conscience. It is a thriller on a higher level than most, it is intellectual to some extent. To many readers, it opens up a whole new way of perceiving history, and it is sure to augment your interest in art history. However, it is a book somewhat intended for the mass market. To intellectuals, it is a good read about an interesting subject; to the less informed it's an epiphone.<br />I must admit that in places, Dan Brown goes a bit overboard with his message, but the main gist of the book is captivating. It isn't that his message is something new; movies like The Last Temptation of Christ deal with a similar subject, but Dan Brown puts his message in a form much more friendly to the masses by writing a hard-to-put-down thriller. Even if you don't agree with Brown, it's still a good read.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|Don't listen to any of the criticisms for \\"Room on Fire\\"--I don't think people are actually *listening* to the music. Rather, I'd say many are guilty of condemning the record even before hearing it. And upon hearing it, they're caught up in the hype of feeling whatever it is that they think they're supposed to feel because this is a sophomore record, b/c of the high expectations of it, and whatever else. Bottom line, \\"Room on Fire\\" is a fabulous step forward. What you have here is a more mature, more sonically complex band; and if you say that they're simply \\"good imitators\\" of music, then you're simply not being fair to The Strokes or to yourself. ALL music that is made is influenced by something else, and I certainly don't feel like The Strokes are plagiarizers of anyone. In fact, the constant comparisons to the Velvet Underground's third LP make a little sense when looking at \\"Is this It\\", but Television's \\"Marquee Moon\\"? Huh? <br />That aside, \\"Room on Fire\\" sounds like a band on fire; their detached, even bored tone of \\"Is this It\\" has been replaced with a more direct and passionate one. Casablancas has a classic voice, but that was already evident on \\"Is this It\\". What surprises and really impresses me are the guitars on this album--they're actually playing this time! I think the band as a whole has gained quite a bit of confidence in their skills, and what has resulted are 11 very good songs, songs that on their surface are somewhat left-of-center, but manage to unravel in such a way that a catchy pop tune is still very much a presence.<br />It's truly a versatile record: \\"12:51\\" is a good choice for the single, w/hand-clapping and the whole bit. \\"Under Control\\" is almost a song to slow dance to; \\"Reptilia\\" and \\"What Ever Happened\\" are great examples of The Strokes' newfound fiery passion; I could go on and on.<br />I really think \\"Room On Fire\\" will age well and prove itself as a modern rock achievement. So take them seriously; they deserve it.
B00004STPT|5.0|The music is inspirational and I love all of them.The last one, Now We Are Free, is DEFINATELY my favorite (Which was by Enya...).I think I can acually feel the music and I want to merge with it...(sounds crazy but its true)
B00006CXXU|5.0|In Christina's &quot;Stripped&quot; album she shows us everythin inside her, thats why its titled &quot;Stripped&quot;, its not covered up by bubbly gum pop and hot lyrics to attract many, but stripped down to who she really is and is an excellent album!  All songs on her belong becomming singles, even some interludes are capable of introducing a song.  If I were her, I would spend a long time creating each as a hit.<BR>   During the past year, this album payed off by making her know to the world and have 5 #1 smash singles to top the chart:<br />Dirrty- October 2002<BR>Beautiful- November 2002<BR>Fighter- April 2003<BR>Can't Hold Us Down- July 2003<BR>The Voice Within- October 2003<br />    I think that her next single should be &quot;Keep On Singin My Song&quot; for Thanksgiving/Christmas 2003 and before New Years, introduce &quot;Soar&quot;.  <br />   This is an excellent album and deserves to have all songs be made singles within the next few years.
B0000399WI|5.0|1)Outstanding!<BR>2)Superb!<BR>3)Excellent!<BR>4)A True Classic!<BR>5)Buy it, you'll love it! - One of the finest films ever made.... period!
B00000F6LQ|4.0|good movie. not exactly laugh-out-loud, but has some shining points. best scene is definitely the artur/knight fight, where arthur cuts off all his limbs.
B0000028M7|5.0|This CD is a classic. You cannot call yourself a metal fan without owning a copy of Dirt. Period.
B000006IUQ|5.0|The Edge is a very much underrated film that sadly did not get the proper recognition it deserves, for it is an above average multi-layered movie that works very well on many levels, all equally well written and directed.<BR>New Zealander Lee Tamahori, with the excellent Once We Were Warriors to his name,and writer David Mamet manage to make a movie that offers much more than its genre might suggests, both on the drama and thriller levels.<BR>First there is the breathtaking Alaskan wilderness, spaces so vast they are equally inviting and menacing.A Napoleon general, lamenting the disaster that befell the French army once said: 'The vasteness of Russia devours us'. In the Edge you will too get the impression that the beauty of this untamed nature can also devour: break the bodies and souls of our heroes, Anthony Hopkins and Alec Baldwin, both offering their most underrated acting best.<BR>Three men are lost in the middle of a wilderness after their plane crash.The hope for an early return/rescue is dashed by the misleading spaces and a huge and determined Kodiak bear.One man, played by Harry Perrineau gets to know first hand about this determination,leaving Hopkins and Baldwin, bewildered, and weary,to try and escape with their lives.<BR>This is when the film really starts. It becomes a journey of incredible hardship that will strip both men of their 'social' selves and replace it with the need to survive that will take them to the 'Edge' of endurance on one hand, and the depths of their own souls on the other. The animosities, tension and grudges that laid hidden between the two men emerge as a powerful and consistent force that mark their relationship from then on.<BR>David Mamet has managed to write the 'Edge' that any human being can face whether lost in an unforgiving wilderness or anywhere else for that matter.It is simply how human beings  change,and how social niceties is slowly eroded when the need to survive becomes the single driving force. This is a finepiece of writing!<BR>Of course there is the thriller angle in the film..the bear, the master and primary predator of its environment,chasing two men that have been stripped from all the power and control they once possessed and taken for granted.<BR>The direction and cinematography of these scenes are of top  quality.<BR>So if you want to watch gorgeous scenery, be scared of this huge and beautiful animal,or witness the changes incredible circumstances that trigger in men, then the Edge is the film for you eyes and mind, a journey that can easily be revisited in the safety of your own home.
B0000019PA|5.0|Lyrically, musically, and sonically this is one of the best records I own. Jeff Mangum's voice is both haunting and beautiful and every instrument used on this record is perfectly placed and recorded.  I believe this was probably tracked on a 1 inch 8 track recorder and the fidelity is amazing. You either &quot;get&quot; it or you don't. I try to stay out of the heads of those who don't understand whats transpired on this record because I seldom understand anything they do. This whole record is a moment caught on tape, a perfect picture of something so touching and disturbing at the same time. After years of listening to it, I can still put it on and something new will move me every time.
B00005ASOC|5.0|To me, a classic is something that you can watch and watch again no matter when without the story, the setting, the dialog, and the theme becoming tired and aged. This one fits my criteria completely.<br />The ending, although conventional and without surprises, is still extremely uplifting and leaves you with a good feeling afterwards.<br />The haunting mood of the sound track - hope among the hopeless - fits the movie hand in glove.<br />You have to be an extremely cynical person not to like this movie.
0156012197|5.0|According to my Thai translation of \\"The Little Prince,\\" this book has been translated into 140 languages and has sold 50 million copies.  However, as the little prince himself might be the first to note, that's just the way grown-ups think: they are only interested in numbers.  :-)<br /><br />This is an enchanting story, with a completely improbable cast of characters: a French aviator downed in the Sahara, a little prince who comes from a tiny kingdom on another world, the rose he loves, three tiny volcanoes -- all, hopefully, extinct --- a fox, and a poisonous snake.  Oh, yes, there's a sheep as well, and a glass cover to protect the rose, and a muzzle to keep the sheep from eating the rose.  The last three only exist as drawings which the aviator makes for the little prince.<br /><br />Sometimes I think that any artist who creates a masterpiece tends to tear up the rulebook and start afresh.  Don't misunderstand me: tearing up the rulebook is not enough, in and of itself.  It is also necessary to have something vivid and important to say.  Saint-Exupery wrote his masterpiece in the form of a book for children, but it is surely not a \\"book for children\\" any more than \\"The Lord of the Rings\\" is.  It is a charming book, which will very likely move you to laughter and tears --- and perhaps both at the same time.<br /><br />As for choosing an English translation, this strikes me as a molehill which a number have people have been trying to turn into a mountain.  Here, you decide:<br /><br />------------------------------------------------<br /><br />\\"On ne voit bien qu'avec le coeur. L'essentiel est invisible pour les yeux.\\"<br /><br />Woods: \\"\\"It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.\\"<br /><br />Howard: \\"One sees clearly only with the heart. Anything essential is invisible to the eyes.\\"<br /><br />--------------------------------------------------------------------<br />The French is not all that difficult. \\"One only sees well with the heart.  The essential is invisible to the eyes.\\"  You might think that \\"invisible to the eyes\\" is pleonastic, but it has to contrast to the \\"seeing\\" which is done with the heart.  If you want to fight over \\"bien\\" == well, rightly, clearly -- or \\"l'essential\\" == the essential, what is essential, anything essential --- well, I won't take part in that fight.<br /><br />Much more important than the translation: the book!!  It's a great one, and it does not grow old!!<br /><br />My favorite: \\"How to Tame a Fox.\\"s.\\"  You might think that \\"invisible to the eyes\\" is pleonastic, but it has to contrast to the \\"seeing\\" which is done with the heart.  If you want to fight over \\"bien\\" == well, rightly, clearly -- or \\"l'essential\\" == the essential, what is essential, anything essential --- well, I won't take part in that fight.    Much more important than the translation: the book!!  It's a great one, and it does not grow old!!    My favorite: \\"How to Tame a Fox.\\"
0385504209|1.0|This book is a hate crime masquerading as a novel.
0440211727|5.0|I saw this movie a few years ago and after reading the book, I couldn't believe just how much more descriptive the book is.  Some sections are actually quite disturbing.<br />On a hot summer day in Clanton, Mississippi, two rednecks beat and rape ten year old Tonya Hailey.  After hearing about what has happened to his only daughter, Carl Lee decides to take justice into his own hands by killing the two rapists.<br />Carl Lee is then brought to trial for the murder of the two men. Everyone from the Klan to the NAACP gets involved.
0140277447|5.0|When I graduated from high school fifteen years ago, John Hershey's, Hiroshima and The Diary of Anne Frank were required reading.  I believe that Iris Chang's, The Rape of Nanking should certainly be added to that list.  The reading of the horrors inflicted upon the Chinese citzens of Nanking and the areas surrounding the city from December 1937 to the spring of 1938, disturbed and moved me in a way that few books have ever done. The magnitude and intensity of the slaughter is simply mind-numbing and the injustice of the world's continuing apathy is truly maddening.<br />  This said, I must admit that I generally find national apologies to be meaningless, especially when all the perpetrators and victims of an atrocity are deceased.  The only meaningful apology can come from an admitted perpetrator to a known victim.  Since the vast majority of the Japanese people living today did not participate in the event and likewise most Chinese were not victims either, I feel that such an apology would in general, be equally meaningless.  However, a public acknowledgement of this particular event as well as responsibility for starting an unjust war would go a long way to removing the historical stain that the nation of Japan continues to bare.
B000089RVX|5.0|first off, i would've done this much earlier but i thought i already had! anyway, Evanescence just plain rules. This is one of the few actual new sounds that are out there, not just some recycled sound that so many other bands are resorting to. Amy Lee has an amazing range for her voice (and age, for she is 21-22!) and Ben Moody's guitar solo's/pieces have so much emotion packed into a three minute song! I would have to say my favorite songs on this CD are Going Under, My Immortal and Whisper. Going Under and Whisper because of the fast beat and rocking solo's, and My Immortal for Amy's voice and her soulful lyrics. this CD is definitely worth your money!<br />if you go to [...] you can hear a &quot;band version&quot; of My Immortal, like Evanescence does on tour. It's definitely worth it, its a streaming audio file over Real or Windows Media. spectacular!
B00005JKG7|5.0|How do you follow up the immensely popular and genre-shifting classic HALLOWEEN?  Carpenter could've rushed HALLOWEEN II, but wisely chose THE FOG as his follow-up.  Given a much bigger budget than its predecessor, Carpenter gives us some gorgeous scenery, scary scary fog, a haunting score, and a dilly of a ghost story.  Adrienne Barbeau has a great voice for an easy listening radio program, and her performance is admirable considering most of it is solo.  Jamie Lee seems happy to lose the virginal Laurie and play the floozie-ish role.  Janet Leigh, Jamie's famous Psycho mommy, is over the hill in her role as the town's &quot;unofficial&quot; mayor, and offers solid support.  Nancy Loomis and Charles Cyphers return from &quot;Halloween&quot; also and Loomis is fun, Cyphers again proves he's only a presence, little more, but he's not in it too long anyway.  John Houseman is the perfect ghost story teller; Hal Holbrook, like Leigh, dives into his role with that great actor on vacation role, and the ending will knock your head off!!!!<br />THE FOG is not destined to be the classic HALLOWEEN has become, but it is a frightening film and proved young Carpenter and Debra Hill (his co-writer and producer) knew what they were doing.  Unfortunately, the only other real winner for Carpenter is his remake of THE THING.  His last movie, GHOST OF MARS, is an atrocity.<br />But sit back and enjoy this with the lights off.  You'll never like sea chanties again!
6305291446|4.0|Besides from the origional, this is the best addition of the Halloween series! It is along the lines of WES CRAVENS NEW NIGHTMARE. Jamie Lee Curtis did an amazing job in this movie. <br />Laurie has a family now and teahces at a prep school, and Michael finds her. As claas trip over the weekend leaves 4 kids alone in the dorms ( Lauries Son included ), so there aren't a lot of deaths, but the ones that do occure are done brillantly. After her sons life is threatened, Lauries decides to face her fears and fights her brother. My favorite scene in this movie is when Laurie is in the lunch room and is under the tables and Micheal is on top of them looking for her, then he starts to up turn them. anyways-Laurie takes the ambulance that Michael is in and drives him to where ( it's not made clear where ) and he gets out of the body bag and runs her off the road and they are both flung from the van and michaelis pinned against a tree and the van and Laurie takes an ax and....<br />This is the best fo the series except for the origional, and I even beg to differ with that! Some say this movie is boring. All I can say is, it has class, and most horro movies with class don't go over well. If you grew up with the origional, this will definitaly please you! It's one of the best horror movies around!
B000000W5P|5.0|I was amused to hear that the lyrics from one song can turn a talented musical band into a bunch of racists.  I suppose the other lyrics regarding other types of girls went unnoticed.  Interesting nonetheless.  This album is filled with so many songs that ring true to the Stones and can bring even the newest devotee into the fold.  They're raw, they're sexually charged, and they're brutal.  Isn't this what we love about them?
B000000I3O|5.0|this band is the best punk rock band i like.this cd is great because it has cool songs.my favroiet songs are were eagles dare,holywood babloyn,bullet,die die my darling,mommy can i go out and kill tonight,and she.all the songs are great but these are my favroite songs.i think you should get the following cds: amirican pyhco,legacy of brutallity,and static age.i think you would like the following bands afi,tiger army,the addicts,the melvins,alice in chains,peral jam,the cure,nirvana,black flag,black sabbath,led zepplin,and the dorrs.
B00009UW0N|5.0|WHAT CAN ONE SAY about a movie that even after 25 years continues to terrify and spook you?  &quot;Halloween&quot; is like one of those nightmares you have where everything is so normal you can't believe it could happen.  Carpenter and cinematographer Dean Cundey have created such an eerrie, &quot;Normal&quot; environment, that it's what makes this classic what it is----the boogie man lives, and even the numerous sequels after it, cannot erase the impact this horror classic has made...the score is one of the best horror film scores (along with Hermann's PSYCHO).  One of the best!
B00003CXAE|4.0|I saw this when I was only a little boy, but to this day I can still pop it in the DVD player or the VCR and enjoy the music and acting and just the wonderful vibe it puts out. This was origionaly a musical on broadway and I think Hollywood did a smart thing by making it into a movie and it has become a classic.<BR>Ovewr the summer, Danny and Sandy meet, and seem like the perfect match, but when they suprisingly meet up at the sma eschool the following fall, Danny must keep up his reputation with the T-birds as a tough, macho guy, and at a pep ralley, meets Sandy and makes a fool out of himself saying that the Danny over the summer is gone. Now Sandy wants nothing to do with him and forms a friendship with some off the wall pink ladies and one night, Rizzo goes off and sleeps with kenicky ( spelling? ) and gets pregnant and later in the movie this becomes a big thing at a drive in. And so the story goes with Danny and Sandy going through ups and downs of a relationship, and then singing about them, and I have to say that the end still gives me goose bumps. I don't know what it is, that fact of Olivia newton-john in tight clothes or the singing and fuzzy feling, but it is a great scene. <BR>This is definitaly a good moive and any one of all ages can enjoy it and understand it, except for some language. It is a truely great piece of work!
6304698658|5.0|First of all, to all the nit-picky reviewers complaining about the lack of widescreen or more special features, the special edition of this movie just came out. So go get that, and spare us your tired diatribes.<br />Now, onto the movie. To me and my family, nothing says &quot;christmas&quot; like Christmas Vacation. In my house, it is NOT the holiday season until we've watched it a couple of times. It's a holiday classic, not to mention a comedy classic. It reminds me a lot of christmas at my house. It's the best christmas movie ever made. Period. END OF SENTENCE!!<br />We all remember the Griswolds, don't we? Well, it's christmastime, and Clark (Chevy Chase) wants nothing more for his family than the best christmas ever. Of course, if your IQ is higher than your shoe size, then you should know it's not exactly smooth sailing. Burnt-out bulbs, oversized trees, and Ellen's wacky Cousin Eddie are just a few of the many mishaps along the way to the 25th. So many memorable scenes, so many memorable lines. (Check out the scene where Clark encounters a VERY attractive saleslady in a department store while shopping for lingerie. Priceless.)<br />All in all, this movie IS christmas in my household, and it should be in yours. Definitely buy this on DVD. Don't even think, just do it.
B0000025DI|5.0|I hold this album in the highest esteem.<BR>One of his best. Next to only Blood on the Tracks, Planet Waves and Blonde on Blonde.
B00003CXDG|3.0|I am a huge Tom Cruise fan, so I'm a little biased, but I like this movie.  It's nothing that will make you think too much, just Tom Cruise blowing stuff up, wearing masks and pulling off incredible martial arts moves.<br />A little predictable, but fun and worth owning.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|This cd deserves 6 stars. For those of you who haven't heard them, they sound almost like a Thrice/Rage Against the Machine mix. A lot of fast tempo, intense songs. Expect a lot of pace changing and mood changing. That's why this band is so good. I'd recommend this cd before their other two if you're the kind of person that doesn't give bands as long a chance as they deserve. My favorites include Enfilade, Arcarsenal, One Armed Scissor, Cosmonaut and Non-Zero Possibility. There is not one bad song on here.
0066214122|4.0|The formula for &quot;Prey&quot; is vintage<br />Chrichton - a new wonderful technology is invented.<br />Then someone makes a shortcut in order to meet<br />some deadline or to make some investors happy.<br />Then things start to go horrible wrong. Death<br />and mayhem follows.<br />  Here nanotechnology is the new cool technology.<br />The mistake is putting your designer organisms<br />out in the wild, free to breed and evolve.<br />  So, the plot is pretty predictable,<br />but somehow it doesn't matter as suspense builds.<br />Finally, you do become desperate to know how our hero<br />is going to make it out of the mess.<br />  Its all so believable: Surely, nano organisms designed<br />by humans are just waiting to happen.<br />And surely, they will by accident be released<br />into the wild.<br /><br />  Making us believe this isn't hard, but there<br />is more than just one dumb nano robot in the<br />Crichton plot. Actually there are a whole lot of<br />nano robots! And they are not dumb, as they coordinate<br />their intelligence in a swarm.<br />Working together to accomplish some goal.<br />  Each robot programmed to follow simple rules,<br />but with emergent clever behaviour at the swarm level.<br />Really, really clever swarm behaviour.<br />  But, Ok, as things gets more complex, and more<br />scary, there are a lot of weak links in Crichtons chain<br />of reasoning. But what did you expect? Afterall, it<br />is a work of fiction!<br />  Pretty good work I would say.<br />-Simon
B00005JL78|4.0|This is a great movie!  I'm impressed, not only is this movie action packed, but it has a well developed plot.  This movie presents an interesting vision of the future.<br />Tom Cruise has another strong performance, but he's not the only good actor in the movie.  Good character interaction and great special effects make this movie very engaging and fun to watch.<br />I would say that this movie is a must see, must own.
0385504209|5.0|This book is one of the better books I have read in some time.  A good book gives you a plot that makes you want to keep reading. A very good book makes you think about the book when you set it down and days after reading it.<br />The DaVinci angle is very good.<br />Only complaint of the book is the main characters never sleep or eat and solve some of the great mystery on the fly.  The author could have allowed them a break somewhere between Europe and England for a bath and potty break.<br />The main character is awoken at midnight after a long day and never stops.<br />I enjoyed the book and hopefully you will also...<br />Also noticed where the main stream media are starting to talk about if Jesus was married now, I bet this book has raised that question.
0790736233|2.0|Considering the subject it tackles, I always felt that Carl Sagan's `Contact' was a little bit of a let-down. It would be unreasonable to look for something of the order of Childhood's End let alone of Stapledon, but Contact trivialises itself in too many ways. When the author presents us with the undeniable evidence (fictional of course) that a major civilisation is consciously trying to reach us, to base a lot of the story round the issue of trying to obtain funding is sheer bathos. Also, to a European reader the whole issue of science-vs-faith is a complete non-issue seemingly introduced to play to a certain kind of American gallery, and even from that standpoint it is hard not to find ridiculously implausible the status the book gives to vested religious interests, to say nothing of an auto-da-fe being made the qualifying criterion for participation in the project.<br />The film could have alleviated some of this, but the production elects not to and instead throws in a variety of gratuitous downers of its own. It should be said at this stage that the film abruptly hoists itself on to a higher level towards the end, from the point where the alien machine first appears. Until then the camera-work is dull and average, the situations are void beyond belief of imagination, (the romantic theme in particular seeming a blatant crowd-pleaser), the dialogue is as flat and artificial as could be, and the only remaining hope was that the acting might raise the level a bit. No such luck. McConaughey is downright awful, but Foster and the rest of them are very little better, and it took a machine to rescue the production. The thought crossed my mind that if I had been the alien intelligence I would have hit the off-switch and looked for a more promising culture on Betelgeuse, Algol, Polaris or in another galaxy altogether.<br />I'm a bit of a sucker for light-shows, and my level of interest and involvement rose sharply when the alien machine started up. The actual alien contact is notoriously vague and inconclusive. There is nothing basically wrong with the idea as far as I am concerned, but it should have been developed in some way. Instead we are brought back to earth with a bump and the focus shifts back to the less-than-gripping topic of congressional hearings, this one featuring some perfectly farcical conduct by the committee chairman.<br />The story has the basic makings of real greatness, the film has some undoubtedly gripping sequences - so could I honestly manage to award it a third star? Not really. Not with any integrity or fairness to other productions.tact is notoriously vague and inconclusive. There is nothing basically wrong with the idea as far as I am concerned, but it should have been developed in some way. Instead we are brought back to earth with a bump and the focus shifts back to the less-than-gripping topic of congressional hearings, this one featuring some perfectly farcical conduct by the committee chairman.<br />The story has the basic makings of real greatness, the film has some undoubtedly gripping sequences - so could I honestly manage to award it a third star? Not really. Not with any integrity or fairness to other productions.
B000001FI7|5.0|A classic of its times. As someone originally from the UK, others should bare in mind that there was a fusion of musical styles, at this point in time, and this album is one of the best efforts at this. Their next album, in my view, Portishead, is equally as good. The reason why Portishead will be remembered is that, even today, their music sounds as fresh and original as it ever was. They were truly an influential band.
B000002P5R|5.0|1970 was a hard year for Jimi Hendrix, he had a worldwide tour going on and on the side he was recording in the studio for his fifth album First Rays Of The New Rising Sun. First Rays Of The New Rising Sun spans from 1968 recordings to 1970 Hendrix's final recordings. This is one of my favorite Jimi Hendrix CD's. Since Hendrix never lived to finish this album Experience Hendrix(Jimi Hendrix's family business)gathered all the recordings and released it in 1997. The best songs on here are Freedom, Izabella, Angel, Dolly Dagger, Ezy Rider, Beginnings, Straight Ahead, Hey Baby(New Rising Sun), and In From The Storm. This album will be an enjoyment to a hendrix fan. Enjoy!
B00005JKDR|4.0|I never planned to see this movie in the theater; I got talked into seeing it by a first date.  The problem with today's multi-screened theaters is they give viewers too many options and choices.  Have you ever taken a bunch of children to the movie theater only to find they all want to see something different?  The end result is usually a King Solomon-like decision where you please some and disappoint the others.  After viewing the entertainment section of my local newspaper to find a film my first date and I would both enjoy, I came to the decision to see the remake of &quot;Ocean's 11&quot;.  However, when we arrived at the theater, my date noticed that &quot;Monster's Inc.&quot; was also playing at the same facility.  &quot;Monster's Inc.'s&quot; subject matter contrasted sharply to that of &quot;Ocean's 11&quot;.  Although I really wasn't in the mood to see a film like this, I had to compromise and give in to her demands.  I was surprised to see that although this was basically a children's movie, it had some mature subject matter cleverly intertwined within it all.  To view it at home, the choice between DVD and VHS videocassette is clear; get the DVD.  The DVD version has added features like different languages and subtitiles as well as behind-the-scene features that show how the movie was made.
B000066NW0|1.0|i would have given this cd 0 stars but unfortunenately, i cannot.i dont have this cd,i dont want it and i despise avril so much she makes me sick to my stomach.not just my stomach, my whole entire body.any1 who is smart knows what i am talking about.this &quot;punk&quot; looks has to go.for anyone who compares the music to punk is absolutely insane.it drives me so crazy i cannot even continue to write this review...goodbye.
B00003CXA4|5.0|Ben Kingsley was an excellent choice to portray one of history's most celebrated martyrs.  As with all other films of this type, a familiarity with the history of the nation and life of the central character is necessary to fully appreciate the quality of the picture.  Viewing this film is like watching history come alive; everything presented here so vividly accounts for the life of the man who vigorously sought non-violent ways to obtain the independence of his country and people.  Watch it, and see why it was the Motion Picture Academy's choice for Best Picture.
B0000AXE8I|1.0|I hated this movie beyond all reason, I don't even know where to start in describing it's utmost stupidity. First of all almost all of the dialog in it was pointless rambling, which had nothing to do with anything. the relationship between Neo (who now is seemingly &quot;superman&quot;) and Trinity (the ugly man-woman) is extremely corny. The world of men- Zion, which I had pictured in my mind to be a sophisticated and futuristic haven, turned out to be nothing more then a hole in the ground filled dancing cavemen, it was horrible. It's was not at all like the original Matrix, which broke boundaries of what is real and what is not. the whole point of this movie, the only goal was to get through a stupid door.
B00005OM4N|5.0|I LIKE IT AND IT'S GOOD DISC I HAVE ALL OF HER DISCS
B00009V8Z9|4.0|When I first bought this album I had decent expectatiosn for it, and after I listened to it a few times I learned to love it. It is an awesome album with a sound similar to John Mayer, Howie Day, Maroon 5, and others. Gavin has a great voice and he is very poetic. His lyrics are great,and each song sounds different. Some of the songs that I liked best and thought were the stronger, better songs on the album are &quot;Chariot&quot;, &quot;Meaning&quot;, &quot;Just Friends&quot;, &quot;Chemical Party&quot;, and &quot;Crush.&quot; Overall this is a great album that I think music lovers should buy.
B000088E6D|5.0|Michael Buble has the voice of Frank Sinatra with a young, sexy, new twist.  You will fall in love with his rich, deep, voice just like my family and I did.  We saw him perform and the Ronald McDonald House Charity Dinner and he stole the show.  His voice will make you fall in love with his playful and love struck lyrics.  He is found a great nitch in the music business that needed to be filled.  Michael Buble will be a leader in the music industry, buy his CD and find out why.
B00003CWMI|5.0|I am a huge fan of sci fi movies, but haven't seen many modern ones because I avoid R ratings. When I found this at the library and saw it was PG, I thought it would be good to watch with my 7 year old. I would not recommend this for a child under 12 because of the sexual innuendos.<br />This movie was very thought provoking. (What really makes us human and if we could possibly build robots to be like us.)<br />Robin Williams personality brought the right flavor to this complex robot.<br />It had the right blend of humor and drama for the subject matter.<br />The special effects were well done.<br />It was underrated. <br />I would purchase my own copy to watch again!
0385504209|5.0|I read Dan Brown's \\"The DaVinci Code\\" with great enjoyment and admiration for his imagination and mix of true and fictional information. I'm sure you will enjoy it too, so long as you keep in mind that this book is merely a fictional mystery novel, not the result of a search for the truth, in this case, true religious history. And, I'm happy to see from a previous review (the one Nov.1st with cypher title [acronym?]) that there are \\"at least two\\" \\"DaVinci Code\\" readers who have had the pleasure (and enlightenment) of reading Norman Thomas Remick's \\"West Point: Character Leadership: Thomas Jefferson\\" which IS the result of a search for the truth, in this case, true history of a hitherto secret America/West Point/Thomas Jefferson nexus. I agree with that reviewer who said if you found the unique presentation of Dan Brown's \\"The DaVinci Code\\" enjoyable, you will also find the unique presentation of the Remick book enjoyable. I did, in both cases, and am happy to be one of \\"at least two\\" who knows.
B00005K9LK|5.0|Back in the 70's and early 80's, Judas Priest was one of the best bands in heavy metal. This is real, 100% metal, not speed or thrash crap, and not nu metal. This is real hard rock metal. Priest was not a big act until &quot;British Steel&quot; in 1980. After that, they bacame the biggest English metal group going. Zeppelin broke up, Purple was long gone, and Sabbath was spinning it's wheels. Priest took the throne. In '82, they released this, their greatest album. Rob Halford proved that he had the best set of pipes in hard rock. With the news that Halford is back in Priest, you should pick this one up, if you don't already have it. It's a real classic. You don't have to play speed metal at 1000 miles and hour to rock. Old school metal hits the spot.
B00004Z459|5.0|This is a great cd. The music is excellent, it has a sweet cover design, and any rock/rap fan should have this cd.  It's that good. This cd contains songs such as Crawling, One Step Closer, Points of Authority, Papercut, With You, In the End, Forgotten, and more. Great musical choice.
0767830555|2.0|While the film's end makes you think, some may conceive Travis Bickle (De Niro's character) as more of a hero. He is supposed to be the psychopathic lonely man, not the vigilante. While Scorsese and Paul Schrader give us a fascinating study into the descent of madness, the film moves too slowly at times (Don't get me wrong. Attention to detail is everything; I just think it could have stayed a bit more focused on the storyline itself, because the storyline is interesting). De Niro did a fine job, but all in all, the controversial ending wasn't good. :(
B00007L4OM|5.0|This was a solid film. A lot of people didn't care for it because they believed it to be rather hokey, to me that's what made it great. Watch it in French with English subtitles or you lose the feel of the film. Michele Muller and Ryoko Hirosue boast great cameos, but Jean Reno showed why he is one of my favorites in Hollywood these days. His role as Hubert in a dilapidated combination of rogue cop and gentleman bring's the viewer back to why &quot;Leon&quot; was such a fine film, Reno's acting. This was great and one that you generally find by accident, a great accident.
B00005221L|5.0|This is one of arney's earlier films, and let me tell you it ducking rocks. It is like Commado but Sci/fi and better music, better acting, and not really any corny catch phrases. The movie also has some pretty darn cool special effects. This movie is also the best predator movie out there, predator 2 was ok but it didn't have arney in it.
B00009V7T2|5.0|First off, this is quite possibly the greatest album I have ever heard. The Mars Volta's style of writing and performing is a step ahead in the evolution of music. Although it is already recognized by many now, in around ten years, radio stations will whip out this album again, and it will be played like mad. <BR>   The whole album is a sixty-one minute roller coaster of sorts. You will hear some extremly heavy, yet melodic, music. You will also hear some soft, and very melodic, music. The first time you listen to it, listen to it straight through, no pausing, or stopping (although you will probably won't want to), because this album is really meant to be heard all at once or you will lose the feeling in it. Just like one hour-long song. But, if I must pick a favorite, I would have to say &quot;Televators&quot; or &quot;Drunkship of Lanterns.&quot; Although &quot;Take the Veil Cerpin Taxt&quot; is an excellent closer.<BR>   Although, as you know, Omar and Cedic are from At the Drive-In, the music has really grown beyond that of ATDI's. It is much more melodic, and well written. It just seems like there is a connection or a bond between the bandmates, and that makes the music mix well together. De-Loused in the Comatorium just seems to flow through each song with no stop.<BR>   All together, I'd say this is the best album to be released in the past few years, or maybe even decade. It is a must buy for anyone who is a real fan music. Perfect 10 out of 10.
B00009TB5G|5.0|This is the real version you should buy, don't be tricked into buying the low down version. I bought the low down version cause my parents wanted it right away. boy did they pay, they were so disappointed with the special features, the thing is... there weren't any. They had like 3 tv show documentaries, and thats about it, photo galleries.<br />I bought my family the extended version last year, and they loved it, i'm going to buy this extended version when it comes out for myself since my parents got the lowdown one. Also this version is actually less money than the shorter version is right now. So this one is basically more bang for the buck.
0553277472|2.0|I thought this book was one of the hardest books I have ever had to read.  If I hadn't been forced to read Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance, I would have probably only read around the first twenty pages and put it down.  There were many concepts in the book I didn't understand at all.  There was one idea about quality that was pretty interesting at first.  If you think about the term quality long enough, you start realizing  you can't put a concrete definition to it.  After awhile though, the author kept questioning quality and what it was which made it very long and drawn out.  Many people actually liked the book, but the ideas he talked about were way over my head.  I almost felt like I was wasting my time reading the book because I did not understand so much of what I was reading.  The whole setting of him riding on his motorcycle with his son was actually pretty interesting and how there was conflict between their relationship because the author was fighting a battle with himself and his other half, Phaedrus.  If you are an avid reader though and like a challenge then I would recommend this book to you.  If not, don't read this book.
B0000AQVCL|4.0|as mentioned in other reviews there are too many gentle songs. they have potential though.
B00005YW4H|4.0|Her voice and lyrics mezmorize. It also has a calming affect.
B000092ZYX|5.0|If you loved Radiohead up to and including OK Computer, but then found your love dwindle with Kid A and Amnesiac, you can trust that Hail to the Thief feels like the fourth album, not the sixth. I really liked hearing Kid A being used in films as soundtrack pieces, but I just didn't listen to it like I did it's predecessors. And I can't truthfully say that I gave Amnesiac the chance it probably deserved, but damn, I just wasn't into that style at the time, as deserving as it may have been. Radiohead has come out with a complex piece of understandable artwork with HttT, and I reccomend it to those who listen to music a little deeper than the general population. It is sad. It is depressing. It is beautiful. Those who's listening seldom strays from the top 40 will not like this album as it is not something that you listen to with your friends before going out to the bar. Who knows though? It may open up a new musical window for you to look out of if you give it an honest listen. It is deep. This is headphone music at it's finest. That being said, I feel the urge to address the people out there who say &quot;Radiohead sucks&quot;, &quot;Pink Floyd sucks&quot;, so on and so on, band slamming left and right. Why do you feel the urge to slam that which you do not understand? You have got to chill. If you can do better, do it and just shut up about it. Do you think that the bands you love would defend your views? Do you think you would feel the same way if you got to know the musicians you slam as talentless? Thank-you. That is all.
B0000BYM3K|4.0|I have been a longtime IM fan.  They have had ups and downs over the years.  The trend for IM in the 90's, after an already long and wonderful career, was a gradual but steady downward one, their sound finally becoming a bit repetitive.  The awful nearly unlistenable pits were finally hit with the albums &quot;X Factor&quot; and &quot;Virtual XI.&quot; <BR>But wait!  In 2000 something completely unexpected happened to the band.  Their former lead singer and guitarist (Dickinson &amp; Smith) returned to the fold, revitalizing the band in ways impossible to understand.  The magic is back ad it's for real.  2000's &quot;Brave New World&quot; is one of the cream of the IM crop, I'd place it at #2 or #3 on my list headed by 1982's &quot;Number of the Beast.&quot;<BR>Any way you cut it, &quot;Dance of Death&quot; is now #4 -- Yep, it's that good!  I do agree with other reviewers who insist one need multiple listenings before judging.  In my experience it only gets better.<BR>May Iron Maiden continue in their efforts!  They are on one of the hottest streaks of their career, still making great music, stretching their winning formula and pumping in suprizing energy, creativity, and musicianship.  <BR>And somehow, McBrain is doing his best drumming by far these days (??)
B0000DFZZC|4.0|One of the best movies I've seen in a long time.. I think people fail to see what this movie is realy about..If you don't have a tear in your eye when George wolf and the biscuit break away from the admiral in the final stretch of the match race, than I think your realy missing the moment.. And you should be in full cry mode when Red Pollard breaks through the pack to win the Santa Anita Handicap.. Sure they could have talked more about events in the book,like Charles Howards other son, he's not mentioned once, or his friendship whith Bing Crosby, and how the biscuit had a rival with his horse. And lets not forget the Awsome performance by the Great Jockey Gary Stevens as the Ice Man himself George Wolf.. I think Gary was the perfect part for George and would have liked to see more of him.. His riding for the finish line in the match race was poetry in motion.. But all in all this movie is summed up in the end when they say this is about a horse that changed the lives of three men when in actuality it changed a country. It gave people light at the end of a dark tunnel, and showed with the right love and the Heart to do your best you can overcome anything. At least thats what I got out of it...
B0000AXE8I|1.0|This movie is a terrible waste of money and your time.  The acting is just a notch above an X-rated movie (to give you an idea, Roy Jones Jr. - a professional boxer - is as believable as the rest of his cast members).<br />The love story between Neo and Trinity is enough to make you puke.  They're constantly being shown saying how much they love each other, yet there's nothing believable about it.  <br />The dialogue is poorly written and carried out.  Characters never talk over the top of each other and are always waiting to say their lines right after another actor...its not natural!!!  Tense scenes usually have a character saying something like \\"Damn\\" or \\"Oh No\\"...<br />Morpheus spits out cliche proverbs like a mad man in this one, corny as can be.<br />Oh, and worst of all, the fight scenes!  Completely boring.  5-minutes of fast punches where everything is blocked and nobody dies.  They're especially boring because you know when you see it that nothing is going to happen to the characters, it's just a waste of time...<br />I gave this One-Star not only because it's a bad movie, but also because it's a pretty mediocre DVD.  For a special fx movie you'd think they'd want to offer a top of the line picture quality and DTS sound.  I guess they kept those features out of the DVD to get you to buy the boxed set collection next summer...
0156027321|1.0|I hated this damn book so much it almost put me off reading for life. I got half way through it and then it out with the rubbish, were it belongs.
B000092ZYX|5.0|I'm listening to the Bends now which I just bought (hard to find, is a 1995 Cd) and have listend to Ok Computer (bought recently as well :), my 1st albums with radiohead are Amnesiac and later Kid-A,so obviously I never experienced their more guitar-leaded era till recently.I love the Kid-A and Amnesiac and stunned by their creativity of experimental music in the two albums.What make me like them more is when I listen back to the Bends,Ok Computer and compare with their recent works,I saw their innovative, each album so unique with powerful tunes and one important point is no repeat stuff, for some of us who hope RH should play music like the Bends or Ok Computer (for those who dislike Kid-A) should try to keep an open heart and grow with the RH, I'm proud to have all different CDs which can be listen over over again.<br />Anyway, HTTT is one of my favourite CD in 2003,For those who rate this album one star,perhaps you have diffrent taste, I glad they produced  a great album again,no hype, no overrated but the music speak themselve.<br />Btw I'm from Asia :),I saw a lot reviews on this album and RH in my native language,all with great remarks,is probably the best 2003 album.<br />For those who have not owned this album,go and get it.I highly recommend it.
B00005PJ6M|5.0|This movie (and it's predicessor &quot;Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure&quot;), is a most non-non-non-non-NON-henous! It has it all, time travel, death, possestion, martains, good and evil robots, humor, and or course....RUFUS! I first saw this movie with my friend. He brought it to my house to watch on DVD, and so glad I am! Ever since then I have loved both films. I totally like Bogus Journey, over Excellent Adventure. It has more of a plot, some HILARIOUS moments, and an awesome guitar solo at the end by Bill, followed by a great song, &quot;God Gave Rock And Roll To You&quot;. I recomend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good, laugh-a-minute film on a Friday night! Well, Party on dudes!
B00005JMFO|5.0|I've already seen this movie twice, even before it's actually been released. It is such an amazing feel good movie, with a terrific cast and a touching story line.<br />Everyone I know who has seen it, has loved it. It's good for so many ages, and because there are so many different situations in the movie, almost everyone can relate to one of them.<br />You'll come out of the movie knowing love is one of the most amazing emotions one can experience.<br />So, again, an amazing movie. (!!!!!)
1400034779|5.0|I left Africa at the age of 6, never to return. Until I read this book, my memories were few and far between. What a special thrill then, for the first time in fifty years, to taste fresh sugar cane in my mouth, thanks to Alexander McCall Smith's loving evocation. Sights, long forgotten, the smell of Africa came flooding back, as I raced through the pages of this book.<br />In terms of detective fiction, I am no virgin. Wilkie Collins, Conan Doyle, Christie, Chandler, Hammett, Rankin, Paretsky, Deaver, Cruz Smith et al crowd bulging bookshelves all around the house. How refreshing it was to discover a new and subtle voice. These pages are not littered with corpses, gratuitous violence, car chases or soft pornography. In a lecture last week, I heard Alan Plater say, that in all his years, he had never seen a fight, let alone a crime. Why should he then litter his screen plays with events of which he, and I suspect most of the rest us, had no experience? <br />If you want to experience a vicarious thrill, don't look for it here. There is more than enough mystery in the normal run of life. Precious Ramotswe can get the answers to the questions she needs to ask without the use of a gun or a blackjack. Heroes and heroines don't have to be misfits on the edge. They don't have to be perfect. They can have very simple dreams, yet their stories can still be riveting.<br />It says something about this book that, without all the usual suspects, I  still could not put it down until I had finished and that I raced out to buy `Tears of the Giraffe' as soon as I had.
B0000A14WB|5.0|A worthy purchase.<br />Value for money is what this DVD-A is all about.<br />3 versions of this classic album, Video footage and a booklet with good info on the recording process and personel.<br />One thing that I was surprised was the fact hardly any Beach Boy play a note on these tracks.<br />Nevertheless it's a masterpiece.<br />Worth getting.
B00004XOWM|1.0|My GOD. This guy can't sing! If you want realatively good limp bizkit, which isn't even great, listen to three dollar bill yall. That's good. <br />I admit, I was one of the 11 year olds that listened to this because i thought that i was a real metalhead and i was cool since i listened to this torrid filth. Now that i've matured a bit more, I have realized that this music is the AntiMetal. Yes, AntiMetal. Limp bizkit has so many bad points that i can' list them all...<br />A: They have Fred Durst. Enough said.<BR>B: see above<BR>C: see above<BR>D: They have a DJ. No metal that's metal has a DJ. Except Slipknot. But that's not a really big part of them, so they pass. Now, onward...<BR>E: The have RAP. No metal that's metal includes whole verses of rapping, except the one's who scream/talk which can be classifed as rapping, but other than that, No. Linkin Park, Ech. Limp Bizkit, Ech. Mudvayne (Dig, Under My Skin) and Slipknot, Not Ech. <BR>F. Method Man is on this cd. Method Man and Redman. Abso-LUTE-ly not. No metal that's metal....wel i won't go there. <BR>G. They just SUCK.<BR>H: Korn did it so much better, even inviting rappers.<BR>I: Ever heard the song Hotdog? THat's what called intentional provocativeness. That song mas more than 46 uses of the word f**k, if i'm not mistaken. <BR>j. See G.<br />As you can see, Limp Bizkit is nothing but cornball buttmonkeys trying to make a quick buck, and a quick (what rhymes with buck?) Also, Wes Borland is gone.<br />If you want metal that's better than this, see Limp Bizkit's first album, Marilyn Manson, TOOL, TOOL, TOOL, and TOOL. And Korn, among others.<br />This isn't good.
B00003CXB4|4.0|Upon my 100th viewing of the Lion King, I can't understand exactly why I like this movie so much. Maybe, it's because it was the first Disney animated movie I saw in a movie theater, rather than as a Blockbuster rental. Another reason may be that I like the soundtrack. Also, Timon is one of my favorite characters from the world of Disney sidekicks, and it was an original story that was dramatic, epic and, in many ways, inspired by Shakespearean lore. Actually, to this day, I still claim this to be my favorite movie of all time and it is...<br />However the DVD is another story. Although it is filled with extensive footage, behind-the-scenes documentaries, music videos and production material...there is a video featuring the so-called stars of the Disney Channel performing (only God knows why) a new rendition of \\"Circle of Life\\". The movie was also altered...yes, this is not exactly the same version you saw back in 1994, but rather the IMAX version which includes: a different Disney logo color, a radically changed crocodile scene during the \\"I Just Can't Wait To Be King\\" sequence, and the not-so annoying SFX dust particles edited so that people will stop saying that the word formed by this particles was \\"SEX\\". The 3-D Zazu? Well, eh...is Lion King a 3-D movie? NO. But of course, doing new 2-D animation for the DVD wouldn't have been cool enough, which brings me to the rather unnecessary addition of \\"The Morning Report,\\" a song so short and inconsequential it might as well had not been added at all. Other than that, the DVD as a two-disc set is not a bad addition to your collection. Great sound and picture quality, not to mention the first widescreen presentation of the film! The movie itself is too good to be ruined by some of these little nuisances, but Disney should try to respect this and many of its franchises a little more than just average.
B00000JNNY|5.0|I have always wanted to buy this cd, and one day, on a shopping spree i decided to hand over the cash.    Ever since, this CD has never left my discman. I hate math, and these awe-inspiring songs have helped me through algebra.   I DEFINETLY suggest this CD to anyone who needs to add a classic to their collection.
B00005JM09|4.0|This movie was very entertaining.  Being an avid fan of the first two in the series I really didn't know what to expect.  The previews really didn't look that good.  However, I was presently surprised.  The chase scene through the streets of LA was unbelievable.  Arnold was actually hilarious.  Was it the best in the series?  Better then the 1st, almost as good as the 2nd.  Overall a really enjoyable movie that keeps you entertained throughout.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|I feel that a few of the negative reviews of this CD do to what they call poor quality sound is vastly over-exaggerated and to me, as well as others, is not true.<BR>This disc being Rush's fifth live disc gives us and whoever saw them during the 'Vapor Trails' tour or any of their live performances a great momento to probably one of the greatest, if not the greatest 'live' rock acts in the business. <BR>Playing three live shows in Brazil for the first time to over 125,000 very excited and very enthused Rush fans, the band plays their hearts out and you can hear it in this recording of the final show in Rio de Janiero.<BR>For one, their not playing in an auditorium or a inside concert arena. They're playing in an outdoor soccer arena that holds tens in thousands of people, which you can definitely hear on the discs.<BR>Secondly, the band's crew had to deal with some very bad weather for the first two shows when they were there.<BR>Overcoming all of these obstacles, the finished product for the final show is just amazing.<BR>These discs catches the essence of the great Canadian power trio live. A celebration of the return of the band after a five-year hiatus and their triumphant first visit to Rio. <BR>If you saw Rush during this tour or any Rush tour, you know that the tickets worth the price of admission. So are these discs!
B00005JMFO|4.0|Just saw the sneak preview here in Houston and Colin Firth was a 10, as usual.  There just wasn't enough of him and there was way too much of Hugh Grant.  This was a warm-hearted, hilariously funny film.  The one exception which made me rate it at a 4 is an unfortunate scene, and totally unneeded, in which Hugh Grant's character, the Prime Minister, calls the U. S. President a bully and appears to challenge or stand up to him.  Obviously the English don't think their leaders are capable of making good judgements on their own.  They must think they can be influenced or bought.  I feel sorry for them if this is truly their opinion.  This scene had nothing to do with the story or storylines of any of the 8 or 10 interwoven lives involved in this love story.  It was obviously out of place and just as obviously politically motivated.  I was very sorry to see this lovely story with such a lovely theme stoop to such low political levels.  It was very unfortunate. Just as we were proud to stand up for Britain during WWII, I would hope they are proud to stand by us in our time of need.  This scene was especially inappropriate as the beginning of the film uses the calls made by the victims of 911 as an example of love and then Richard Curtis includes this hateful scene.  It ruined the film for me and I was sad to see it, because the rest of the film was great.  Of course, any film with Colin Firth in it is always worth seeing.
0393057658|2.0|Mr. Lewis is a talented writer, and he is clearly a thoughtful observer of the people and events he chronicles.  It is therefore disappointing that on its most basic level, this book is not reporting but propaganda.  A thoughtful reader will, I trust, discover that its premise is flawed in two respects.<br />First, it is reductive in the extreme.  The model which, we are given to understand, Billy Beane employs to such great effect, treats a baseball game as nothing more than a generator of &quot;market information.&quot;  Mr. Beane is noted, among other things, for hardly ever watching a game himself.  We might expect the same from Mr. Beane's Socrates, Bill James.  One wonders if Mr. James feels that the games themselves are, like the management of the Cleveland Indians, &quot;dumb.  You know, not bright, slow.&quot;  If the reader wanted to be similarly reductive, he or she might consider the implications of the following coincidence:  one of the most important features of Mr. Beane's &quot;market information&quot; model is the base on balls, which, he acknowledges, was the one offensive achievement which escaped him as a player.  <br />The second flaw in the book's premise is that the model is internally inconsistent.  One might ask, for example, whether Paul DePodesta really believes his computer when it tells him that a team of nine Scott Hattebergs will score more runs than any other team in the major leagues.  But one needn't resort to hypothetical questions to discover the flaw.  A team that wins 100 out of 162 games has a winning percentage of .617.  A team that wins three out of five games (i.e., a division playoff series) has a wining percentage of .600, and a team that wins four out of seven games (i.e. an LCS or World Series) has a winning percentage of only .571.  Surely a team that is so carefully constructed to accomplish the first ought, in six years of trying, to be able to accomplish at least the second, if not the third.  It rings hollow for thearchitect of the team, who has been portrayed as a thoroughgoing rationalist, to throw his hands up, bleating &quot;My s--- doesn't work in the play-offs.  My job is to get us to the play-offs.  What happens after that is f-----g luck.,&quot; and Mr. Lewis to endorse this contradiction with the high-sounding but fatuous observation &quot;The baseball season is structured to mock reason.&quot;  By reaching such a conclusion after more than two hundred seventy pages of careful analysis, Mr. Lewis becomes what he has beheld.
B00006879E|5.0|Maroon 5 is a combination of rock, pop, and funk. There is no other way to explain their awesome music without listening to it yourself. This album has something for everyone, including a catchy and funky &quot;Harder To Breathe&quot; and a beautiful slow song &quot;She Will Be Loved&quot;. This is some of the the best music that has been around in a long time, coming from some real talented kids. You'll love it.
B000084T18|5.0|This is a album that really gives you something. It pushes you straight to the top. It takes you on a journey to undeground world and shows its uglyness. 50 cent is real OG. <BR>  CD is full of raw power and hard work. If you want to courage yourself this is your cd!
B000063DGC|5.0|After Randy Rhoads' tragic death in 1982, Ozzy compiled a number of live performances showing Randy's talent for playing in the moment.  Randy Rhoads is one of my favorite guitar players.  He was so innovative.  The best guitar players aren't afraid to put themselves out there, and do something original and wild, even if they're not sure how it's going to turn out.  One listen to this album, and you can see Randy fits that description.<br />I've always liked Ozzy Osbourne, but the main focus of this album (for me, anyway) is Randy Rhoads, as it is a tribute to him.  All of the songs from \\"Blizzard of Ozz\\" are here, and only a few from \\"Diary of a Madman\\".  I would have liked to hear more from the latter, but oh well.  Ozzy is in good form, as he could still sing well back then.  The rhythm section is good (a good rhythm section is important, and this one does the job), and they support one of the best lead guitarists I've heard.  <br />The album opens with a performance of \\"I Don't Know\\", which is a much more intense and energetic live song.  When Randy hit that first bend of the solo, filled with vibrato, I almost died.  The classic \\"Crazy Train\\" is played, with added fills and little bits.  \\"Mr. Crowley\\" is another highlight, with some added improvising at the end.  \\"Suicide Solution\\" is one of the biggest highlights.  Firstly, the fills Randy adds are crazy, and then he gets a solo spot, which is outstanding.  He switches between lightning fast pentatonic and harmonic minor shredding to dimished scale runs and classically influenced arpeggio bits.  It's inspirational, not just because it's fast or anything.  The Sabbath covers are OK, not really what I wanted to hear, but good nonetheless.  The classic ballad \\"Goodbye to Romance\\" is here, and it's very good as well.<br />Any fan of Randy-era Ozzy needs this album, as well as guitar players looking for inspiration, or just amazing playing.
B0000CEB62|5.0|Well not exactly this was release before the Real World started on MTV . This is a great documentary style film on the \\"Music for the Masses\\" tour. The film starts with a contest for lucky fans of the group Depeche Mode to win a ride along with the group. This called for a ground breaking Ideal in the music industry, to shoot a film about what happens. This is far more interesting and entertaining then most documentaries that are released and the great thing is actually feeling like being in the journey. This film ends up at the rose bowl performance and give a little detail what happens behind the curtain at a concert of every caliber. Excellent and post modern ideal coming from 1988 (and was released in 1989).
B000053VJI|5.0|I had already been very impressed by the original Latin sound of Guerra from his CD &quot;Ni Es Lo Mismo Ni Es Igual.&quot; It is hard to describe but his music seemed to have a certain edge that I don't hear from most musicians. I am no listening to &quot;Grand Exitos&quot; for the FIRST time as I write this. That is how compelling and exciting his music is. I have listened to four songs and I am already convinced.  This guy takes it to another level with his crisp arrangements, his joyous melodies...I hear a lot of African (Senegal/Congo) here with the fast guitar riffs. I guess that is only logical, given the obvious link between Africa and Latin America.  I agree with everyone else here: this is one great CD.  My son just walked in and recognized Track 4 &quot;Visa para un sueno,&quot; saying, &quot;we learned this in Spanish last year.&quot;  Well, this makes a great addition any curriculum, Spanish, music, or learning about the world in general.  Bravo, Juan Luis!
B000002H33|5.0|master of puppets is great.Great early thrash.here's my description of the songs.<br />1.Battery-A really good song(like all of them).Very fast and a classic among thrash songs.I favor th chorus very much.<br />2.Master of Puppets-Well, who hasn't heard this one?Really long song,about nine minutes.And it's good that it's long because it's a very colorful song. And the interlude is very melodic<br />3.The thing that should not be- A slower song which is very heavy. It's a bit haunting at times but it shows that metallica is made of metal.<br />4.Sanitarium- God this song rocks. The guitar riff on the chorus is one of their best.<br />5.Disposable Heroes- Absolutely thrash.A violent song of war. Very typical in this type of metal. I love the super fast guitars.<br />6.Leper Messiah- a slower song. Probably my least favorite on the album but a great song nonetheless.<br />7.Orion- Awesome.One of my favorite instrumentals in metal. I love the middle part where Cliff does his bass solo. Well it's kind of a solo.Well the bass stands out and it short but it sounds amazing.<br />8.Damage Incorporated- THIS SONG IS A THRASH ANTHEM. every metalhead in the world should like this.Absolutely SICK.This tells you that metallica doesn't take crap and they will smack you. It doesn't matter if you are into korn or hatebreed. All should worship this song. Few, if any, can do better than this.<br />Not a single song is boring and I love all the songs. Pick this up. This album goes up with Ozzy,Sabbath,SLayer,Pantera,Iron Maiden,Megadeth
B00006V9A0|5.0|Nirvana is the greatest rock band ever, and while this CD does a good job of choosing their best songs. Unfortunately the CD is painfully short and has some glaring omissions. Songs like molly's lips, aneurysm, and on a plain, to name a few. Still it's almost worth the price of admission just to here you know your right, it shows they were only going to get better. It's so sad. <br />My advice to you is to download You Know Your Right and create your own greatest hits CD. But for people new to Nirvana this is a great album to buy. <br />I also have a few closing thoughts for Fred Dursts Numba One Fann. Nirvana is the greatest band ever and they were the influence for every one of your so called tRU grunge bands. Also, how did you manage to think that an album called Very best of is a debut album. Another thing, Dave Grohl- your drummer with no heart in his drumming- is considered to be one of the best drummers ever. One more thing, who does Fred Durst (aka the biggest poser in the world) have tattooed to his chest? KURT FRIGGAN COBAIN. The only thing that gives me a headache is people who think Nirvana is in the same class as Clay Aiken or Good Charlotte. Another thing, anyone who can watch American Idle and call themselves a &quot;tRU&quot; grunge fan is the biggest Hypocrite in the world. By the way, you gave your second favorite CD of all time 1 STAR.<br />The sloppiness makes me sick.
B00005V3Z4|5.0|This movie is perfect. It obviously doesnt use traditional plots and such. Donnie goes throught october being guided by his hallucinations. He is 'coached' on what to do and is told the day when everything will end. He obeys his instructions which set up everything to go wrong (people die) but yet he can die for them. Its like everything happens just so he can make a choice. Very philosophical.  Will definantly make you think.
B00005JKC3|4.0|I had mixed expectations when I rented &quot;The Hulk&quot;.  It had been Marvel Comics' first post-&quot;X-Men&quot; film that flopped at the box office, and many critics had said it was overlong and far too slow.  And so I was very impressed with how much I enjoyed &quot;The Hulk&quot;.<br />I have to assume that when everyone said the film was too slow, they were referring to its first 45 minutes.  It is true that viewing the first part takes a little patience, especially getting used to Ang Lee's sometimes bizarre camera tricks.  However, these beginning scenes are important buildup, and- unlike for &quot;Matrix Reloaded&quot;- I never thought that I was being had with unecessary scenes that were there only to drag out the running time.  &quot;The Hulk&quot; has much higher goals in mind than other comic book films out there, so all of these beginning scenes of character development and talking actually increase the overall quality of the film.  It is true that it's a while before we finally get to see the Hulk, but in a way keeping him off the screen for that long makes his inevitable appearance that much more dramatic and thrilling.<br />Once the action does kick into gear, it hardly ever lets up.  Contrary to what other reviewers have said, the CGI-ed Hulk is quite impressive looking, and the scene where he throws the army tanks and planes around like toys is one of the most memorable I've seen this year.<br />Almost all of the major characters are complex and conflicted, so we feel for them and care what happens to them.  For example, two characters who are technically villains- General Ross and David Banner- both show moments of sympathy.  The guy who plays Bruce Banner (Eric Bana) is adequate, though this wasn't an Oscar performance.  Jennifer Connelly is good as his girlfriend, who is also the only person that can calm the Hulk down.  I thought that Nick Nolte gave the most interesting performace- David Banner is completely insane, both sympathetic and dispicable.<br />If the film does have a weak spot, it's the ending.  I'm still trying to figure out exactly what happened in the final battle between Bruce and David Banner.  I understand the outcome, but I'm not sure how or why.  Director Ang Lee probably could have made this whole scene clearer.  Also, the movie is a little on the long side, though as I said earlier not a whole lot obviously needed to be cut.<br />So overall, I found this to be an enjoyable and interesting movie, up there with &quot;X2&quot; and &quot;Spider-Man&quot; as one of the best comic book adaptations of the current decade.  In some ways, it was even superior to those films.  For those of you out there that haven't seen it, I would recommend it.  For those who don't like it, I won't try to change your mind, but there's no way that &quot;The Hulk&quot; was a complete disaster.  I for one will be sad that it did so poorly at the box office, because now there won't be a sequel.
B00007GZRE|3.0|I really just bought this DVD for the one episode, 1969, where Teal'c gets hair and they meet hippies.  Fun times.  But there's a hidden gem in here:  &quot;One False Step&quot; is a real cracker-upper.  Those aliens look like teletubbies!! watch for it and you'll see what I mean.  The early episodes of this show are so fun to make fun of!  Here's another question to giggle over:  why do they never leave Canada?  Ever considered it?  Announcer: &quot;Meanwhile, back in northern canada, our crew was facing some mighty opposition...&quot;
B00003CXE7|3.0|The production of the movie is fine, but I am not understanding what is this movie going to tell me. Two men die and the woman speaks a lot at the end of the movie, but that has nothing to do with the main theme.
B00005JMFR|5.0|This movie better clear up the million of questions from reloaded.  Or else you guys might never achieve to getting a real life.  I have a theory for you guys,  chicken go cluck cluck, cow goes moo.
1558908420|3.0|When I first saw this flick I was pretty disappointed, but upon a second viewing it feels like the star power involved with the film lead people to expect too much from it.  It was intended as Sylvester Stallone's return to serious films but, as it wasn't well received at the box office, Stallone's career has floundered in other lacklustre efforts. It reminded me of when Stallone did his most interesting work in the 70's, in F.I.S.T., Victory, Rocky (which many people don't realize he wrote) and even First Blood. He's almost unrecognizable here as Freddy Heflin, the Sheriff of a small Jersey town that's populated by New York City cops. Overweight and weary-looking, the Sheriff always wanted to be an NYC cop but an injury that left him partially deaf, while saving the life of Annabella Sciorra, prevents that. Harvey Keitel is a corrupt cop who makes Garisson NJ a safe haven for his fellow police officers. When his nephew 'Superboy', played by Michael Rappaport, gets involved in the shooting of two young black teenagers, there is a cover up by Kietel to avoid a possible racial incident. Robert DeNiro is the Internal Affairs officer investigating the scenario and Ray Liotta is a former colleague of Kietel's, who acts as Stallone's confidante.  Stallone is really likeable here, as a lumpy, wishy-washy sheriff whose authority is never taken seriously because he never displays any backbone.  This is the Stallone that I liked from the first Rocky movie; humble and easy-going, not the testosterone-pumped megastar of the 80s. There's a sense of sadness and loneliness that reveals as much about the actor as the character he's playing. The scene where he's in his room alone, listening to a sad Bruce Springsteen song, reveals in Stallone a talent that has been sadly neglected in the various blockbusters he's starred in. Ray Liotta, however, steals the film from everyone else. He takes a despicable character and makes him the most out of him.  He's so good at playing unwashed, ill-natured characters that you can almost smell the grease coming off him. Unkempt, overweight and quick-tempered he's entirely believeable in his portayal of a cynical cop who has had enough of the corruption. His is the most human and complex of all the movie's characters.  Liotta should be a star.  Kietel is suitably menacing as the ringleader of the crooked police crew.  Everything he does is to protect his own interests and he mercilessly rids himself of anyone who stands in his way.  Unfortunately, a lot of the parts in the film are minor and DeNiro, Sciorra, Rappaport, Robert Patrick and Jeneane Garofolo are woefully underutilized. It's precisely because of the overabundance of talented cast members that the film gets hampered by it's own ambition and audience expectations.  It would have worked better with more unknowns.  The story in itself is well crafted and the revelations of the extent of police corruption smacks of truth. The ending is somewhat unsatisfying, but the film was truly a lot better than the reviews it got at the time suggest.  Poor Sly.  This really could have been a wonderful rebirth for him.
B0000070QN|5.0|I bought this CD about a month ago because of the great reviews, as well as the sound.  I am a big fan of early '90's metal/rock and I can't beleive I had not heard of this band at all.  The best song is \\"No Justice\\" and I never seem to get tired of hearing it.
B00003CXAA|5.0|For me, the greatest film ever made is The Godfather, Part II. This is a sequel that accomplishes everything that the first movie accomplished twice over, thanks to the intersecting storylines which show the parallels between the rise to power of young Don Vito and Michael's attempts to invest in Cuba and eliminate his enemies. Although Michael wins all his battles in the film he loses most of his family, and the surprise party scene and subsequent final view of Michael sitting on a bench show a defeated man who is nothing but a wasteland of sadness. To call him a shell of a man would be overstatement. Where The Godfather (and the Vito storyline in Part II) were ultimately comic in that the situation worked out for the protagonist in the end, the Michael storyline is perhaps the most profoundly tragic ever on film. It is the stuff of Greek tragedy, Oedipus Rex, or Medea. Even though Michael deserves his fate because he has done some wretched things, it is impossible not to feel sympathy for him. This is human tragedy at its most poignant and powerful, and that it works so famously is no small testament to Al Pacino and Dianne Keaton as Mike and Kay Corleone, as well as John Cazale as Fredo, Lee Strasberg as Roth, Robert De Niro as young Vito, and Michael V. Gauzzo as the unforgettable Frank Pantangelli. All are wonderful here, and the storytelling is at its peak.<br />Its predecessor, however, is generally revered as the greatest movie ever made. I put it at number two. The Godfather is the ultimate gangster film, but it is ultimately a film about the human experience. Destiny, family, passion, betrayal and redemption are only part of what's explored here. Also magnificent are the standout performances. Brando as Don Vito, Pacino as Michael, Caan as Sonny, and Duvall as Tom Hagen are all fantastic, and all were nominated for Oscars. Coppola brings all the elements together in such a powerful way that The Godfather is a film that commands praise and attention. Its combination of sensitivity and raw power are mesmerizing. Perhaps the greatest problem with the film is, ironically, its own success. It is an iconoclastic film, and so many of its words and scenes are so deeply engrained into the cultural lexicon that it is not possible to fully enjoy the film the way it was meant to be enjoyed. That said, even overexposure doesn't rob much of it from being a hauntingly poignant yet satisfying movie. The horse's head scene is still very potent. Ultimately, this is a movie which would be the best movie ever had the sequel not been made.<br />Although the third installment has been much maligned, it is not a bad film. It is just not as good as the first two, and it really can't be helped. This movie's central theme is redemption, and Al Pacino gives perhaps his most touching performance as Michael Corleone, who really hates what he's become and tries to make amends through charity and faith, but can't fully escape his past. While flawed, it's certainly worth watching, especially for the other wonderful performances from Joe Mantegna, Dianne Keaton and Andy Garcia.<br />Now this DVD set is impressive. The films look great and sound even better. There are plenty of extras about the making of the films. But the best part of it for me was the deleted scenes. Sure, many movies promise deleted scenes, and there are usually a few that were probably scrubbed for technical malfunction or are competely worthless to the story. This set, though, contains dozens of scenes, many of which are absolutely wonderful and added to the story. For once, I actually would have liked to have seen an edition of the film with the deleted scenes inserted. There is only one from Part III, though, and it's just an extension of another scene in the film. I guess they didn't cut much from the movie.<br />If you haven't seen these treasures of American culture, make them the next movies you see. I guarantee it, you won't regret it.
B00009L1UP|5.0|This is one of the best-there is nothing else to describe.  Every single song is great and that is very hard to find.  The best songs are &quot;Jet City Woman&quot;, &quot;Thin Line&quot; and &quot;Hand on Heart&quot;.  &quot;Empire&quot; is one of those CD's where you can still listen to it many years later and it sounds just as good and even BETTER than what is being produced today.
B0000C7GG2|5.0|For me, Absolution is the best album of the year! When I first heard it, I wasn't sure about it. It took me a long time to like it... but then more and more songs came to my mind and now I love every song. Later, the live-concert convinced me to call Absolution best album of the year...<br />01. Intro<br />02. Apocalypse Please - very strange song! Wonderful piano... very depressive 4/5<br />03. Time Is Running Out - First Single! Maybe the best song of the Album! 5/5<br />04. Sing For Absolution - Beautiful Song... again, very depressive 4/5<br />05. Stockholm Syndrome - What a Song!! It's the heaviest song on the record. very catchy drums and heavy guitar-riffs... wonderful and depresive chorus... my fave!! 5/5<br />06. Falling Away From You - nice chords, wonderful vocals 4/5<br />07. Interlude<br />08. Hysteria - Great bass-line, nice rocksong, and head-bang-chorus! I love it... 5/5<br />09. Blackout - it reminds me of a folksong of a little france province :)) and you can dance waltz... 3/4 beat! I like it very much 4/5<br />10. Butterflies &amp; Hurricanes - very powerful... that song begins very soft and slow... then a nice transition leads over to a catchy part! After the beautiful pianopart, which shows Matts abilities on the piano, the final sets in! Great Song!!! 5/5<br />11. Tsp (the smallprint) - I like the verse most of the song... cool melody!! heavy chorus! 5/5<br />12. Endlessly - bluesy sounds, very depressive again... I know many people who like it very much... It's not the best but I nevertheless like it! 3/5<br />13. Thoughts of a dying atheist - I think it's the song with the happiest chorus... again a great rock song 5/5<br />14. Ruled by secrecy - Dreary! nice way to end an album! I like this song worst, but it still has nice parts! 3/5<br />I want to apologize my english :D my native language is german... sorry
B00007KQA3|3.0|I've enjoyed reading the novel. It was such a great story. Although, it brings kind of depression into the mind of the reader, it would kind of affect one's thinking when comparing what the writer thought during the 50s and looking back at our days now. The movie is faithful to the novel, except I expected more living backgrounds and scenery. I mean, I'd expected more like &quot;brazil&quot; than this one. The music is good, but could have been better if done in Dutch as to bring the taste of WWII into this. Well acted, but I didn't like the actress(forgot her name) since she could have lived her role better than this. The movie is not long, though its very precise and there's not one minute wasted on nothing. I'd expected more personal scenes for the main guy, to remind you of the book. This movie is only recommended for those who read the book first, and who are into the dark futuristic genre (a clockwork orange,Brazil,etc).
B000066NW0|5.0|LET GO is an incredible piece of rock music from one of the best new voices I've heard. For a long time I've privately lambasted modern acts for not having anything new to say or a new way to say it. Avril Lavigne's album is a bright silver lining on an ever darkening cloud. Avril's voice is the most striking feature of the entire album. From hard rock, acoustic pop and balladry, she can sing it all and hits each note full and strong. Her versatile singing is shown to best effect on my favorite song of hers, &quot;I'm With You.&quot; Her melodies are creative and all catchy, even on the darker sounding songs. This is an album which will not sound horribly dated in years to come. The production is clear and vibrant. Avril is a musician to watch. I'm eager to hear her second album.
B000089RVR|4.0|Dido's latest CD is a very relaxing and soothing work. Her voice has matured and it shows through perfectly. Get this CD if you want one to relax or chill to some music. It's not for a person looking for upbeat music. (Though Sand In My Shoes is) The reason I didn't give it a full 5 is because a couple songs sound pretty similar which is never a great thing. (Especially with how much money they have you pay for CD's these days!) However, this is worth checking out.
B00004XQ83|4.0|What else is there to say? Even people who are not big bluegrass or country fans will enjoy this album. One star off for having 4 different versions of &quot;Man of Constant Sorrow.&quot;
6304698658|2.0|I would be ashame if I was Warner Bros. for releasing this DVD. Warner Bros has managed to put one of the best movies of all time on to one of the worst DVD's of all time. What a joke. Full-screen, no features.? Come on. And of course they release another DVD of Christmas Vacation 9 months later with some features. So now consumers have to buy the other if they want widescreen and features. What a joke. Give us a little better WB.
B00005LMBK|1.0|I purchased this album expecting great things and received none. With the exception of &quot;Clint Eastwood&quot; (the only song I was familiar with prior to listening to the rest of the album), all the other songs are disposable. I expecting a mix of rap and alternative rock. Instead I heard a couple of rap songs, a couple of alternative songs which weren't anything special and the rest being junk. A majority of the tracks just wander aimlessly and sound more like noise than music. I couldn't even listen to this whole album once although I did at least listen to sections of all the songs.<br />I bought it, barely listened to it once and I am selling it immediately. The majority of reviews I've read about this album rave about it. It's just lost on me.
B00008MNYS|1.0|Im shocked, Robbie has tried to be so arty but it hasnt worked, bring back the old robbie, your not moby you know!!!
B00005RFAI|4.0|I didn't care for Pink's first album, but MISSUNDAZTOOD is vastly superior. Pink takes chances going more for a rock and roll sound on this release. From the driving acoustic beat of the title track, to her duet with Steven Tyler on the bluesy &quot;Misery&quot; (which works quite well) and the incessant rockers &quot;Just Like A Pill&quot; and &quot;18 Wheeler&quot; Pink has the vocals and the songwriting chops to carry this material to a much higher level of creativity than most of her &quot;peers&quot;. The rap part of &quot;Respect,&quot; the music of &quot;Family Affair&quot; and &quot;My Vietnam&quot; (which kind of drags, in my opinion) are the only songs I can't get fully behind. Otherwise this is a great listen. And I listen to the weaker songs as well 'cause it complements the album as a whole which so few singers and bands are trying to accomplish.
B0000B3B95|2.0|The CGI Hulk was very impressive, for the 18 minutes you got to see him during the 2 hr. 18 min. film.  The movie explains pretty much nothing and gets more confusing as it goes.  Constant picture-in-picture type scene splits make it even more confusing.  Bad transitions between scenes dosen't help either.  In a nut shell, no plot, confusing story and no ties to the original Hulk story.  The only way I would reccommend you see this film is on DVD when you can pick the scenes with the Hulk in action and watch them to your delight.
B0000C0FJB|4.0|I, for one, am glad Rush decided to put out a new live album/dvd so soon after Different Stages. Not to say that Different Stages is bad, but I saw Rush on both the Test for Echo and Vapor Trails tours, and have to say the VT tour blew the previous one away. I remember sitting in the audience and thinking it would be great if they released a live recording from the tour, because the band sounded a lot tighter. In person, and on cd, the Test for Echo tour, from which most of Different Stages was taken, was somewhat sloppy. The song selection was great, but the band was just a bit out of sync.  <BR>Also, the new material from Vapor Trails is fantastic live, and I think having that great new material to work with inspired Rush to play a lot better on this tour. <BR>As for the Rush in Rio cd itself, the sound quality on the dvd is definitely better, so if you're going to get one or the other, I'd go with the dvd. <BR>Still, I love the cd. Yes, you can hardly hear Geddy's vocals on the opening track, but, hey, he had 60,000 crazy Brazilians singing along with him. <BR>If you want a live recording where the crowd is completely mixed out  and the sound is polished up in the studio, don't buy this cd. This is an honest recording that gives you the true scale of the event. <BR>Also, this is the first Rush live cd where all the material is taken from one show, which really does a better job of putting you there than a hodge-podge compilation of songs from different stops along the road. <br />Personally, I think this is Rush at their near best, and I'm glad they treated us fans to it.
B00009W0U4|2.0|Director Noe is convinced that he's brilliant, but he's an adequate gimmick-peddlar at best. The back-to-front narrative is hardly interesting (although the film would have been totally run-of-the-mill without it), and the rape scene is precisely what you'd expect from a 9-minute single-take rape scene. Only those who walk into this film expecting it to be sunshine and farts will flee in terror, but never fear - you'll be shocked for the first fifteen minutes and that's all. The rest of the film is so nauseatingly ordinary and its last sequence so unbearably stupid that you'll mourn the fact that you've already witnessed the horrible things that are going to befall the characters.<br />A sequence involving a man whose head is smashed in with a fire extinguisher is exceptional (meaning that it's very well done) - but it's ultimately just another gimmick in this grab-bag of dumb art-house tricks. <br />I'd recommend renting it, but it's certainly not worth owning. Especially since its purpose is completely exhausted after a single viewing.
0385504209|4.0|Among the many reviews written, there is a lot of controversy about the accuracy of the \\"facts\\" in this book. The section on Fibonnaci numbers and the Grand Proportion is certainly accurate, and just this little tidbit is more fascinating information than you'll will find in the whole of most fictional best sellers. Like many readers, the book has inspired me to learn more religious history. But the main, undeniable fact is that Christian theology has done a lot to rate better than half the population as inferior and perhaps downright evil. The holocaust of witch burnings supported if not initiated by adherents of Holy Muthah Church deserves some light shined upon it. While the writing in this fast paced and engrossing read may be flawed (lack of character development, clumsy expository diaglogue), if this book causes even a few men to question and/or reconsider their bigoted attitude toward women, then hooray for Dan Brown!
0385504209|5.0|I have to admit I haven't been able to sit down and read a book straight through in a long time. I have wanted to read many of the books I own and complete several the series. I decided though to get myself back into the mood of reading...I'd get a book on the top 10 list of books being read.<br />I am glad I chose The Da Vinci Code as my icebreaker into reading. What I found the most fascinating was the references to actual artwork, songs, movies and even the word assocations. It was a good story with many twists and turns to the story to keep you interested. This is a piece of fiction, and some people have noted that they found some references offensive. I could see how this book my set some people off but really you have to understand it's only an opinion. Everything can be interpreted in many different ways. What I am going to take away from this book is a fascination for symbolism, codes and really a higher interest in art. The book references many real locations, I hope to someday actually see them.
B00009V7RF|5.0|This CD goes everywhere I go, to the car, to work &amp; back home. Not since Sublime have I found a CD I could listen to the whole way through. My favorite tracks are Lets Get Retarded, Shut Up, Hey Mama, Latin Girls, The Boogie That Be &amp; an extended version of Where is the Love. Even the hidden track rocks!! If you're just getting back to buying your music (darn) make this CD the first you pick up.
B00005JLYW|3.0|It's not surprising that the reviews for a movie like this are so hit-and-miss. The movie generates most of its energy from the enthusiasm of the performances, however ludicrous they might be if you insist on making sense out of them.<br />The 'angels' are all on top-form and are pretty well fitting in their roles. But Demi Moore's fallen angel Madison Lee is one of the best villains I've seen in a while, she's creepy in her wickedness! Moore may be 40, but she can still seer up the screen even if only in unnecessary beach bathing scenes with a Lamborghini.<br />What really shines amidst the high-octane action though is the fantastic soundtrack. Loads of cool numbers that lend the film its breakneck upbeat pace.<br />The plot is certainly the glaring weakness, a bare skeleton for the film to stick to. The story of a list of people using the Witness Protection Programme certainly isn't what 'Charlie's Angels' will be remembered for. Action sequences and CG are expected to be perfect in today's high-tech world, thus, all visual points are well choreographed and conceived.<br />All in all, 'Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle' is good guilty fun. It's not Godfather or Se7en, but it isn't as brainless and inept as some of the reviews will have you believe.<br />Recommended.
B00005QGAT|5.0|This is my absolute favorite of all Michael's amazing albums. All of the songs are well thought through, from the background music to the lyrics. Fan or not, you will love this album.<BR>1. Don't Stop Til' You Get Enough: Michael rocks in this song. Michael wrote this song, and he did an excellent job. You can't help but get energetic when you hear this.<BR>2. Rock With You: Michael shows his vocals in this song. He holds a strong note after the bridge, and the song is an easy going, but not boring listen.<BR>3. Workin' Day And Night: Love this song! Michael sounds great! It's a fun and fast song. Keeps you movin'.<BR>4. Get On The Floor: I really love this song, especially the chant. Michael sounds adorable.<BR>5. Off The Wall: Title song. I love that the end when he sings &quot;Living Off The Wall, Ain't So Bad At All&quot;. It's a really good song.<BR>6. Girlfriend: This song is very cute! Makes Michael seem innocent and guilty at the same time.<BR>7. She's Out Of My Life: This is one of Michael's most beautiful songs. The bridge is so deep, and then the last verse is great. At the end, you can hear Michael cry.<BR>8. I Can't Help It: I really love this song. It's very relaxing, again not boring.<BR>9. It's The Falling In Love: This song is a duet with Patti Austin. They both sound great. Catchy disco sound.<BR>10. Burn This Disco Out: Great way to end this genius album. Very upbeat, made for dancing.<BR>I strongly suggest you get this album for yourself, or any music lover. It's a history making album, starting the biggest music career of all time.
0385504209|1.0|If the kind of utter falsehoods put forth as &quot;fact&quot; in this piece of nonsense were included in a novel where the religion in question was Judaism, most thinking people would be condemning it as anti-semitic and they would do so justifiably.  Yet for some reason it is politically correct to accuse the Catholic church of just about anything.<br />I am not a Catholic, I am a Mormon, and I am very disheartened by the favor this junk seems to be enjoying with the public.  It is accepted that authors can use creative liscense in works of fiction, but  Mr. Brown should be ashamed of himself for his assertion that the information he bases this silly premise on is factual.<br />Yes, I have read it.  It was a choice for my book club and I am very sorry that it was.
B0000AQVCL|5.0|this album rocks. simply put. this is a must buy for anybody that likes good rock n' roll.
B0000073BG|4.0|I am delighted that this fine recording is available on CD now, along with my 2 other Renaissance favorites, NOVELLA and LIVE AT CARNEGIE HALL. I remember hearing S&amp;OS for the first time in the summer of 1975 as a featured album on Lincoln, Nebraska's then-FM rock station, KFMQ (oh, for the glory days of free-form FM rock radio of the 70's...). I sat &amp; listened to the album from start to finish, having heard OF Renaissance before, but up until that point, I was unfamiliar with their music. I have to admit I was intrigued with Side 1...A Trip to the Fair didn't do much for me, but I enjoyed the reminder of the first side much more. It was not, however, until I heard the Scheherazade Suite that I truly sat up &amp; noticed for the first time that everything I'd heard about Renaissance was basically true. I was (and still am) a huge fan of progressive rock in those days, being a devotee of Yes (my favorite band of all time for the last 31 years), King Crimson, Emerson Lake &amp; Palmer, Jethro Tull, Focus, Genesis/Peter Gabriel, Pink Floyd, Triumvirat, Trace, The Moody Blues, Jade Warrior, &amp; Van der Graaf Generator. This album was the best marriage of progressive rock &amp; neo-classical music I'd ever heard since DAYS OF FUTURE PASSED. I could not get ENOUGH of Annie's beautiful, angelic voice (which I would place in the pantheon of other great female voices like Maire Brennan, Enya, Loreena McKennitt, Connie Dover [from Kansas City], Kate Bush, &amp; Joni Mitchell) and her amazing vocal range. The band itself were phenomenal as well...the beautiful blends of acoustic guitars, the lush keyboards, everything. I knew right away that this album was destined for greatness and would forever be regarded as a classic in the annals of progressive/art rock. <br />I cannot recommend this album highly enough...and the only reason it garnered 4 stars instead of 5 is because, imho, Side 1 does not quite live up to the MAJESTY of the Scheherazade Suite of Side 2. No matter, though...taken as a whole, it is a stupendous recording and should be in every prog/art rock fan's collection. I would also like to take this opportunity to warn you all of a grossly inferior recording of Renaissance live in concert, which was recorded by the King Biscuit Flower Hour in 1977. Look for my review of Volume 2 of this 2-CD set, and fasten your seatbelts. Forewarned is always forearmed.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|I really think that the people that felt that Reloaded was &quot;disappointing&quot; or &quot;fell short of expectations&quot; or whatever are just a bunch of whiners with about a sixth-grade reading level.  This movie ruled!!!  I didn't have any trouble understanding the words or understanding the significance of the things that happened, not even Neo's new-found ability to use his powers in the real world.  He can do that because - hello??? - it's a movie!  All the scenes were fine by me; I wish each one could have lasted about four hours each!<br />To sum up, all I can say is: &quot;Umm, yeah, if all of you weak-minded dufuses could just go ahead and get a clue, that would be great.&quot;
0385504209|5.0|I loved this book. Not only are you getting an exciting suspense thriller you're getting information that can only light a darkened hallway of new choice in religion and history. This book will thrill you and educate you.
B00005JLYW|1.0|I sat down with a large bowl of popcorn, hoping to blow off a couple of hours of a cold fall afternoon. After about 20 minutes of this wretched mess, I was finishing my popcorn with one hand and holding down the fast forward button with the other. I really did not want much from the film, just to be entertained.  However, while the first Charlie's Angels film was mildly entertaining, but this movie manages to be both insipid and boring.  Trust me, the other, more detailed, negative reviews here are not writers trying to show off by trashing a harmless movie, \\"Full Throttle\\" really is as awful as they all say .
B00005JLTM|2.0|Compared to the first movie, Matrix Reloaded, was disappointing in terms of how much time was wasted on fight sequences. These struck me as dazzling displays of special effects (in the tradition of Crouching Tiger, Sleeping Dragon), but with a sense of &quot;what's the point?&quot; On the other hand, I was fascinated by the development of the conflicting worldviews of Morpheus and the computer overlords. <br />If the third movie lives up to the first movie, then the second movie will simply be a necessary stepping stone to get there, but if the third fails to measure up, I think I'll stick with just the first movie.
B00000DCHI|5.0|Here is a two-disc collection,like the LP,of Billy Joel's compositions. This set released in 1985,contains two original tracks,YOU'RE ONLY HUMAN(SECOND WIND) and THE NIGHT IS STILL YOUNG. The earliest songs are from 1973's PIANO MAN. They are the title track and CAPTAIN JACK. The latter song is not on the LP. From 1974's STREETLIFE SERENADE is THE ENTERTAINER. NEW YORK STATE OF MIND is slightly different,instrumentally,from the TURNSTILES version. Also from TURNSTILES is SAY GOODBYE TO HOLLYWOOD but the live version from SONGS IN THE ATTIC is on Disc 1 of this album which covers 1973 to 1977. It should have belonged on Disc 2 which covers 1978 to 1985. SONGS IN THE ATTIC was recorded in 1980,released in '81. Six on the nine songs from 1977's THE STRANGER,which went platinum,are on Disc 1. They are the title track,MOVIN' OUT(ANTHONY'S SONG),JUST THE WAY YOU ARE(a beautiful jazz style love ballad),SCENES FROM AN ITALIAN RESTAURANT,ONLY THE GOOD DIE YOUNG and another love ballad,SHE'S ALWAYS A WOMAN. Now for Disc 2:It begins with MY LIFE,then BIG SHOT from 1978's 52ND STREET,which went platinum also. From 1980's GLASS HOUSES are YOU MAY BE RIGHT,IT'S STILL ROCK AND ROLL TO ME and the contemporary DON'T ASK ME WHY. That album was a million-seller also. SHE'S GOT A WAY was appropriately placed on Disc 2. This is a live version from 1981's SONGS IN THE ATTIC which became a hit that year like the live version of SAY GOODBYE TO HOLLYWOOD that same year. SHE'S GOT A WAY was recorded ten years earlier for Billy's debut album COLD SPRING HARBOR,which there are no tracks from that album on this collection. From 1982's THE NYLON CURTAIN are ALLENTOWN,GOODNIGHT SAIGON and PRESSURE. In 1983,Billy had another million-seller,AN INNOCENT MAN. From that album are TELL HER ABOUT IT,UPTOWN GIRL and THE LONGEST TIME. Then there are the two original tracks.
076790592X|3.0|Tuesday's with Morrie does a very good job of teaching some of life's most difficult lessons in a very calm and simple manner.  Mitch Albom and Morrie meet every Teusday approaching Morrie's death in hopes that Mitch will pass his final `class' and learn the important ideas that Morrie is attempting to teach him.  Morrie who has become terminally ill, yet still not afraid of death, inspires not only Mitch and his close friends, but everyone who has watched and listened to his every idea.  Ted Koppel for Nightline interviews Morrie, and he becomes a very well known and loved person.  Morrie realizes that he is ready to die, and he tries to explain to Mitch how a person must experience every year of his/her life then move to a different portion of it.  Throughout the story, Morrie and Mitch discuss a variety of life's most complicated subjects ranging from love, happiness, and marriage to aging, fear, and death.  This book has a very insightful approach to life and death for anyone who needs guidance through any sort of rough situation.
B00005KHJM|5.0|This is supposed to be a &quot;horror&quot; movie.  The &quot;horror&quot; being what we are led to believe.  This film depicts this in so many degrees. What is not seen is what is to be believed.<br />Upon arriving in the Scottish Isles, a local Bobby, if you will, is sent to investigate a supposed dissapearance of a local girl.  As the film unfolds, she turns out to be the missing harvest queen of such which is diminished the year before.  Yeah, shades of Harvest Home abound, but, this film was ahead of that and too original.<br />Not for the kiddies or those who appose Druid or Celtic practices...this is best left on with the light on.
0553277472|2.0|Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance is a very difficult, but helpful book.  Although it may not be the most exciting or entertaining story, the concepts discussed by Pirsig in this book are very helpful in learning many of life's important lessons.  The way Pirsig approaches his ideas is also somewhat peculiar and confusing, yet he will always find a way to tie up any mixed up thoughts.  He has an interesting outlook on how the concepts he explains pertain to almost every aspect of a person's life, and he uses them when performing maintenance on his motorcycle.  On Robert and Chris Pirsig's journey across the country, they face their fair share of difficulties between each other that they must overcome.  At the end of the book, Chris begins to see a split personality in Robert who is deeply taken by the teachings of Phadreus, an ancient philosopher.  The conquering of this and many other troubles also teaches readers important lessons about people's relationships.
B00005KHJM|5.0|This is supposed to be a &quot;horror&quot; movie.  The &quot;horror&quot; being what we are led to believe.  This film depicts this in so many degrees. What is not seen is what is to be believed.<br />Upon arriving in the Scottish Isles, a local Bobby, if you will, is sent to investigate a supposed dissapearance of a local girl.  As the film unfolds, she turns out to be the missing harvest queen of such which is diminished the year before.  Yeah, shades of Harvest Home abound, but, this film was ahead of that and too original.<br />Not for the kiddies or those who appose Druid or Celtic practices...this is best watched with the light on...
B000000WFU|5.0|I first came across this cd when I learned that my choir was to sing the first track, &quot;Adiemus.&quot; I instantly fell in love with it. The arrangements of the music and voices is simply beautiful. It is perfect background music for a relaxing day. Every time I practice &quot;Adiemus&quot; with the choir it is so much fun. I love the entire cd and look forward to singing &quot;Adiemus&quot; at our winter concert. I hope more people discover it and enjoy it's unique sound.
B000000I0I|5.0|For the few of us who were or are aware of Mike Oldfield at all...this classic is a staple for any listener of his music.<br />Don't be fooled by the supposed African drummers on this...this reeks of total Celtic music.  Hergest Ridge is, in my opinion, a langoured effort at Tubular Bells, Part II, this music here...is quite original and most refreshful.<br />The haunting cover alone with the still face showing through a rain streaked window should be a clue in itself.  This musician is growing...and looking into the inner self to express himself musically.<br />I could be a real critic here and point out certain key factors in this masterpiece...but...since this flows from start to finish...that would be rude.<br />If you want to hear somone come off as subtle as a slegehammer banging into the sand...this must be heard.  Released at a time when Art Rock was en vogue...this truly was the herald of them all.<br />Truly haunting and a good listen to when you are alone and in the mood to be surrounded by beauty, this is a welcome relief to the chaos that surrounds us.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|This dvd sent chills down my spine. I've been a Rush fan for many years and being a drummer myself, I can appreciate a great performance when I see it. I've seen them live 3 times and this is the best ever !!!! I just wish I would have been in RIO when this was recorded.<br />Although I would agree with some of you that the Bass levels in the mix are a little up in volume, I still can't get past the phenominal show they put together on this DVD. <br />If you are a Rush fan and want to see the best concert I think I've ever seen them perform (prob due to the fact of 40,000 people chanting to them, like gods) then you have to buy this DVD. It's amazing. You won't be dissapointed , believe me... I wasn't<br />Take care,<BR>Rob<BR>[...]
B000000I0J|5.0|Mike Oldfield started out very young...full of ideas and complex musical manipulations.  Tublar bells is a seminal work at best...in fact if you listen close enough...he seems to try to hard...overlapping layers of sound and ideas.  Platinum is a return to his more basic approaches...and yes...he pulls it off in spades.<br />The first side is rich with guitar riffs nice synths and percussion...it almost reminds me of Ommadawn gone rock.  That it is now on cd now is a life saver to the vinyl copy I have had from Europe all these years....I can't remember how many times I fried some speakers during certain parts of this.  Yeah...it's that good.<br />Side two is a little more subtle...until you hear Punkadiddle...it's somewhat a bit tongue in cheek at the music industry at the time.  Nice thrashing chords on guitar but seemingly hidden only to those in the know. <br />In all this is a perfect gem from a man who can and does create music in his on way...very recommended hearing.
B00005JM0B|5.0|This movie was great. It followed t2 perfectly, even though they killed sarah connor its still good cus she had to die sometime. The dvd is awesome.A must buy.
B00007LTIB|5.0|RELAYER is a masterpiece. Full-on keyboards, desperate guitars, the very Lord-of the Rings vocals of Jon Anderson and new guys Alan White and Pat Moraz influence on the process of recording. Buy this now.
0385504209|5.0|If you are one of the 27 people left in the U.S. who has not read The DaVinci Code yet, please do!  I ended up having to allow 1 hour reading time to 1/2 hour internet time to look up<br />Dan Brown's references.  It was so exciting.  His historical<br />notes were intellectually stimulating.  I also purchased 3 books<br />of da Vinci's paintings.  I wanted to see how accurate his<br />story was.  Oh my, yes it seemed so true!  Not only is the main character a symbologist, so informative, he hooks up with<br />the daughter of the murdered curator to form a team that totally<br />piques our curiosity.  I have gotten my nephew at NYU, my best friend, and assorted others to read this book.  I also pass on my printed web-pages and da Vinci books.  Many are those who are not into top-ten fiction.  However, they have ALL said this is one of the best novels they have ever read!  Read, enjoy,<br />and access the internet for confirmation.
0060528737|5.0|This is one of the best books I've read for a while. You really get drawn into the story line with Garth's grand style of writing. It is definatly easy to relate to the characters Lirael and Sam. Since his books seem to get better as they go on in the trilogy, I really hope Garth writes another book. I'm dying to find out what happens to Nick and Lirael and really want to know what Sam is capable making.if u havent begun to read the series yet, start reading them! Sabriel was awesome and Lirael is just as good, but id just read them to be able to understand what happens in Abhorsen! this is probably the best book ive ever read.
B00000612G|1.0|This is not Richie Sambora from Bon Jovi, nor is it Richie from his last solo album &quot;Stranger In This Town.&quot; This album is horrible and most of the songs sound like they should be sung by Sting. What is the point or direction of this album? I do not get it, somebody please explain it to me. Where is my guitar hero? Where are the killer riffs and solos at? Most of the music is softer than Mariah Carey and most of his singing sounds like he is on his knees crying out to the Heavens above, trying his best to sound like her too. Ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B0000C0FJB|5.0|This CD is full of energy.  It is exaclty what the liner notes claim it to be-an official bootleg.  The quality is as such, but the performances are amazing considering that this show went off without a soundcheck.  I don't mind the crowd noise so much because it really adds to the energy of the overall performance.<br />I would certainly recommend this CD to anyone that likes the spirit of a live Rush perfomance.
6304675453|5.0|Scream and Scream 2 were really great. The series consists of horror/comedy movies. They were the first of the slasher films that had characters that had watched other horror movies. For example, the killer gives a girl a test on horror movie villains, one movie-freak tells everyone the rules of how to survive a horror movie, and so on. There are references to movies like &quot;Carrie,&quot; &quot;Nightmare on Elm Street,&quot; &quot;The Exorcist&quot; and many more. So it is pretty cool to watch kids realize that they are actually in a horror movie situation and try to figure out what to do. The third movie is pretty good as well. Even if the movies don't scare you all that much, they are all really likable, and I would reccommend them to any horror movie buff.
0792165020|5.0|The Talented Mr. Ripley is an intense and powerful film that possesses beauty in its every aspect. Matt Damon's acting is superb. Jude Law is both charismatic and incredibly handsome, and he and Gwyneth Paltrow make the quintessential preppy couple. Everything in this movie is sun-soaked and flawless and set to moody jazz music. It is a delight for the senses. <br />Strangely enough, the best thing about this movie is the homoerotic tension between the male leads. It may be unconventional, but their chemistry is both believable and sexy. This is something rare in mainstream film, whether the characters are homosexual or heterosexual. There is more passion in the scene where Tom and Dickie play chess together than the entirety of many straight film romances. <br />If this makes you uneasy, you won't like this movie. If you like fast-paced, action-packed thrillers, you won't like this movie. But if you don't have the patience or the open mindedness for this movie, you are missing a truly extraordinary experience.
B0000CABBW|5.0|This film is simply astonishing. It is so simple, and yet, sweet, and ultimately, profound. Somehow, it encapsulates in a timely fashion what has become the greatest challenge to ALL of our tribes, the painful and challenging encounter between the modern world, and the archaic realities.    Each of us blindly and steadfastly carries on the traditions of the culture into which we were born. For many, loyalty and adherrance to tradition and ceremony give them their most important sense of identity and the greatest meaning to their lives. To suggest that they abandon these traditions, or alter them, can be the most threatening experience they can know.    And yet...A crab, a snake, even a toad must shed its skin in order to grow larger. If evolution and growth mean constant change, how can one be rigidly loyal to a tradition and yet nurture and support helpful, healing growth? This issue lies at the heart of this story.     When one is deep in a tradition, it is easy to forget the original, monumental events that gave rise to the perseverance of the tradition in the first place. These events are always seminal. They are primary. They frequently define the prevailing fashions in terms of shock! and awe! They are generally a significant and dramatic breakthrough of some kind. Then comes the repetition of blind submission to the symbols of the original events.    In this film, the conflict between hide bound adherance to the old, and natures attempt to create something new and fresh, give rise to a great struggle between the present and the past that ultimately is only reconciled when the mighty voices of the Old Ones speak, with ultimate authority, what can only be the final word on the subject.     There is so much to be enriched by, spiritually, in this film that it is almost too much to bear. Exquisitely beautiful, haunting, there are subtle lessons upon which one may reflect at great length.  It is a film to drink deeply.
B00005JKC3|5.0|&quot;HULK&quot; by filmmaker Ang Lee isn't a film for everyone.  It's not for the kiddies, it certainly isn't for comic purists, and people looking for dumb blockbuster-style fun will be sorely disappointed.  However, Lee has re-envisioned the comic book opera by treating it with as much seriousness as it deserves (it's a *drama*, folks!) and come out with something new and refreshing, not to mention reflective of a better time for moviegoing--specifically, he's recalled the genre of the 1930s-40s Universal horror film, i.e. &quot;The Wolf Man&quot; and &quot;Frankenstein&quot; certainly, though updated it to the 21st century--pretty much only in its vastly superior special effects and budget.<br />Bruce Banner, introverted scientist, has spent his life subconsciously working toward the answers to questions that have plagued him since childhood--&quot;Who am I, why am I here?&quot; and the answers--in the form of an egomaniacal father and a misunderstood manifestation of Banner's brutish id--frighten him, justifiably so.  Monsters abound in the script (in different ways--David Banner, Bruce, Talbot, Ross), and nobody's totally innocent or entirely 'good' or 'evil' as such, they're three-dimensional iterations that really make you think.<br />When the Hulk displays his vast powers for the camera, he's every bit the creature from the comics, leaping vast distances through panoramic desert vistas, exploding through labyrinthine corridors of a government base, smashing and destroying a lab by virtue of his size just as well as his fists--it's all terrific eye-candy.  The film dares you to understand his all-too-human conflicted nature--the Hulk, flawed much like us, cannot forget the past his father inflicted upon him, just like the nanomeds that combined with the gamma radiation and Banner's own biology to create him, will not, as their often fatal flaw, forget.  As referred to in a terrifically illuminating deleted scene, they remember all too well.<br />&quot;HULK&quot; is a first-rate, instant classic from director Ang Lee and a studio I did not believe had the potential to make a film so terrific ever again.  Watch it and enjoy the human drama at its core; give it a chance.  Time will tell whether Lee's auteurship really impacted this film positively or negatively, but I've already got my mind made up that it sits at the forefront of not only the comicbook genre, but also 21st-century filmmaking as a whole.
6304806426|5.0|This film is a must see, it is absolutley one of the best film ever to come out of Hollywood.
B00006690G|1.0|My friend who saw bought this cd thought it was great...but he read a newspaper right after it...10 years later...BAM!!!herpes...thats never left me ever since
0671027387|4.0|Rachel Sexton is a NRO intelligence officer. Early on in the novel she is \\"invited\\" to a meeting with the President. Apprehensive about President Herney's motives since her father Sen. Sedgewick Sexton is the primary opposition not only in the upcoming election, but in virtualy every political standpoint. Especially NASA spending so Rachel reluctantly attends the meeting to be asked to endorse NASA's latest discovery...<br />This novel is about many things but the one that hit me in between the eyes is AMBITION. Both political and personal. Dan Brown always seems to have something to say in his novels besides the main plot and here he seems to ask loudly how far would some people go to attain their ambitions.<br />I disagree with one review about writing Dan Brown novels while most of the statements he made may be true I disagree, in that this novel the good guys didn't wear white caps and bad guys black.<br />What I mean is everyone involved in the story seemed to vary in shades of gray for nine tenths of the novel. With the exception of Tolland and Rachel Sexton whose character's were pretty pure. Everyone else though seemed to do what was neccessary to do what was right in their eyes even perhaps was not right in the majority's eyes. An experienced thriller reader could perhaps guess who the ultimate villian was but by clouding the supporting casts motives I feel Brown did a superb job of building and maintaining suspense. One minor flaw is I felt his characters could've been built a bit more as I found them maybe not 2 dimensional but bordering on 2.5 dimensional, whereas as a reader ideal characters in fiction are of course 3 dimensional haha.<br />Although this book is about NASA (to a great extent) and its discovery, it is not rocket science. It is among the upper echelon of thrillers I would say ( as was Angels & Demons, I havem't read da Vinci code yet, but when reading it I would suggest to both Sunday readers (those reading fiction for pleasure like drivers' liesuely driving through the country admiring the scenery.) and more critical reader's (who for whatever reason if they are going to review a book or not.) to take this novel for what it is which I claim is an exciting thriller indeed.s' liesuely driving through the country admiring the scenery.) and more critical reader's (who for whatever reason if they are going to review a book or not.) to take this novel for what it is which I claim is an exciting thriller indeed.
B00001U0E1|5.0|I have to say that I think Gwyneth Paltrow is radiant.  <BR>So I'm biased. <br />This was written by Tom Stoppard, who I think is possibly the best living dialogue/screenwriter.  There's depth there. This movie is an open, breathing life.  <br />I felt I was in the hands of a master from the first act onward.<BR>About halfway in events started to occur in a sort of collage, with Gwyneth playing Romeo and all the cast knowing that she was not what she appeared.. The number of characters and variables in play is something rarely attempted and quite disarming and enchanting when done right..  This was a very ambitious and beautiful project.  <br />I only wish it had a happy ending. But as with the Play within the play only one conclusion.  And so the audience sees both the euphoria as well as the breakup.  We've all been there.  The human condition and the movie itself is deeper and greater for having come full circle.
0385504209|2.0|The mix of reviews here is an accurate index of what this book offers.  If all you want is a fun mystery and conspiracy story based on intriguing and alleged secrets in the history of Christianity, you'll get it.  Discerning readers will be disappointed.  The book reads like a Marvel Comic stirred up with soap opera and B movie scripts.  Believable characters, action and dialogue - in short, good writing - would make it far more worthwhile.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Although &quot;No Angel&quot; is Dido's first solo album, she must have already known her way around the recording studio. The younger sister of Rollo Armstrong from Faithless, she had sung backing vocals on a number of songs for the band and toured with then over a two year period. Dido's link with Faithless continues on this album. While Dido herself has co-writing credits on all the tracks, six of them were co-written with Rollo. Rollo and Dido produced everything from &quot;ThankYou&quot; to &quot;My Life&quot;, while the CD's bonus track &quot;Take My Hand&quot; sees the siblings joined by Sister Bliss on the production credits. <br />Bits and pieces of this album popped in all the right places for Dido. Long before she'd ever scooped her first solo hit, &quot;Here With Me&quot; had been used on the my-classmates-are-aliens telly show &quot;Roswell High&quot;. This led to &quot;Thank You&quot; being sampled by the hugely popular &quot;rap&quot; act Eminem, for his hit &quot;Stan&quot;. Some might say she just managed to get that bit of luck singers and musicians sometimes need, others might put it down to astute management. Whatever it was, I'm not complaining - I'm just glad that I got to hear her music. <br />As a whole, the album has a mellow, acoustic, laid-back feel to it. It's not necessarily the sort of 'sound' you might have expected, given the level of involvement from Faithless camp, but that's no bad thing. The Roswell High tune, &quot;Here With Me&quot;, kicks the album off. Like &quot;Thank You&quot;, it's a nice, positive, cheery number that just oozes happy love. As much as I like these two songs, I've found myself leaning towards the tracks where things haven't gone quite right. &quot;My Lover's Gone&quot; and &quot;All You Want&quot; particularly stand out - there's a nice touch of regret and bitterness in these songs, yet they don't feel at odds with the mood of the album. The other song on the album that really stands out for me is &quot;Isobel&quot;. Assuming, of course, it's based on real events, it seems to be a 'hello' to a friend living in Ireland who went missing. While these songs would be my favourite tracks, I wouldn't call any of the remaining songs bad in any shape or form. I'd always listen to the album from start to finish, without skipping through anything !<br />It should be pretty easy for you to decide whether or not to buy this album. The singles that were released from &quot;No Angel&quot; are a very good indication of the album's style. If you liked the singles, you'll like the album; if you didn't you won't. Though, it has to be said, I really can't understand how anyone couldn't like Dido.....
B00005JMFO|1.0|This movie insulted the intelligence of everyone in attendance.  The theme of it was the less you know someone, the more likely you are to fall madly in love with them.  Hugh Grant's character, the prime minister of England, fell in love with a woman upon simply seeing her.  That is Hollywood crap.  The child that plays Liam Neeson's son is the most articulate character in the movie, and speaks clearly about his love for another 10 year old, which, if you've ever been in the presence of a 10 year old, is a bit less than realistic.  I thought this movie was a spoof on romantic comedies, as I couldn't believe that even Hollywood would come up with such a far fetched tale.  Don't waste your money.
B00006RIO7|4.0|Kander & Ebbs' music translates beautifully to the film version of their hit musical.  All the songs capture the jazz flavor of 1920s Chicago and give a bit of insight into the characters themselves.  For a good example of this, check out \\"Mr. Cellophane\\" about Roxie's husband Amos who is the most unnoticed person in all of Chicago, admirably sung here by John C. Reilly.  Queen Latifah is brassy and risque with her rendition of \\"When You're Good To Momma.\\"  Catherine Zeta-Jones astounds with her sexy and boisterous \\"All That Jazz.\\"  Ren&eacute;e Zellwegger and Richard Gere surprise with their vocal talents, as well.  My favorite number in the entire album is \\"The Cell Block Tango,\\" a clever telling of how the Six Merry Murderesses wound up in jail.<br />Included also are the deleted song \\"Class,\\" a duet between Catherine Zeta-Jones and Queen Latfiah, and two excerpts of Danny Elfman's excellent score to the film.  The only drawbacks (and the only reason why I don't give the album 5 stars) are the songs \\"Love is a Crime\\" by Anastacia and \\"Cell Block Tango/He Had It Comin'\\" by Queen Latifah, Lil' Kim and Macy Gray.  They seem out of place with the jazz feel of this album.<br />Barring those two songs, this is an excellent album and really exudes the style and feel of the film.
B00005JMFO|1.0|This movie insulted the intelligence of everyone in attendance.  The theme of it was the less you know someone, the more likely you are to fall madly in love with them.  Hugh Grant's character, the prime minister of England, fell in love with a woman upon simply seeing her.  That is Hollywood crap.  The child that plays Liam Neeson's son is the most articulate character in the movie, and speaks clearly about his love for another 10 year old, which, if you've ever been in the presence of a 10 year old, is a bit less than realistic.  I thought this movie was a spoof on romantic comedies, as I couldn't believe that even Hollywood would come up with such a far fetched tale.  Don't waste your money.
B00005JKC3|2.0|Whenever Hollywood tries to film a successful comic book hero concept, the director's most pressing problem is deciding how to integrate the character's distinct persona into a medium for which it was not originally designed.  The temptation to focus on special effects over characterization is usually too great to resist.  With HULK, director Ang Lee completely disregarded the tension that resided in the comic version of Bruce Banner's split personality.  On the inked page, artist/lettermen Stan Lee and Steve Ditko presented a dichotomous soul that drew in the reader, always making him wonder how the kind but ineffectual Bruce Banner could survive his transformations into the green Hulk without losing his inner self in the process.  On the celluloid screen, what the viewer sees is a mess that includes (in no particular order) a troubled youth's attempt to bury horrific memories, a warped father/son relation that results in two, rather than one, monsters, a love interest that fizzles for lack of chemistry, a raging green golem that offers no rationale for that rage, and a series of special effects that are so patently computer enhanced that the viewer cannot submit to that essential willing suspension of disbelief that is always needed to make any far-fetched plot work.  Eric Bana, who plays Bruce Banner, bears a stunning resemblance to what Toby McGuire of SPIDERMAN might look like in the next decade.  Bill Bixby, who was the original television Hulk, managed to invest his role with the needed mixture of pathos, tension, and repressed rage.  Bana simply sleepwalks through his rages which lasted only for as long as it took for the computer Hulk to make an appearance.  Jennifer Connoly, as the love interest, shows none of the zip and zowie that she showed previously in A BEAUTIFUL MIND.  Sam Elliot, who plays her four star general father, is your typically one-dimensional military man who can see the creature but not how to make that creature worthy of a hunt.  As a hunter of escaped fugitives, Elliot could take a few lessons from Barry Morse, who, in his FUGITIVE days, knew how to invest his hunter's persona with bedrock personality.  It came as no surprise to me that HULK tanked at the box office in only its second week.  For a comic book hero to make the successful leap from the printed page to the celluloid screen, that hero ought to do more than merely leap mindnumbing distances.  This mindnumbing, in HULK'S case, rubbed off on the film as well.
B00005JLKB|5.0|Smallville is a wonderful series.  It's a nice change from all of the reality shows nowadays.  I think all age groups will find Smallville enjoyable.  I didn't actually start watching until Season 2 so I was able to catch up on what I had missed out on from Season 1.  My sons (5 and 3) also enjoy watching Smallville and they each have their favorite episodes.  The title song is very catchy and my boys like to sing along.  My youngest even had to be Superman for Halloween this year.  We're trying to be patient for Season 2 to be released but, in the meantime, we are watching Season 3 on television.
B00008PW2E|5.0|I AM WAITING FOR THE SEACOND SEASON OF SIX FEET UNDER, I THINK THAT IS ONE OF THE GREATEST SHOWS EVER. I JUST WANT TO SAY TO THE ONES THAT ARE MAKING THAT DVD, THAT IF YOU THINK THAT BY MAKING PEOPLE WAIT A WHILE, YOU ARE GOING TO SELL MORE IN TH ELONG RUN, LET ME TELL YOU THAT YOU ARE DEADLY WRONG, BECUASE I ADMIT THAT IS A GOOD SHOW, BUT EVENTUALLY PEOPLE IS GOING TO FORGET ABOUT IT.
B0000A7W14|5.0|John Singleton's Boyz N The Hood is more than just a moving film. It is a landmark in cinema history, one of the most important films of the last few decades and arguably one of the best films of all time. The screenplay is brilliant, preaching about social class struggles and the grim realities of the hood, while remaining down to earth. This film also marks Ice Cube's acting debut where he displays excellent talent.<BR>We meet the characters as kids. The three are Tre who lives with his strict but well-intentioned father Furious, and brothers Doughboy and Ricky.<BR>Flashforward a few years later, Tre is a mature and intelligent youngman who has his head on straight and is most certainly college bound. Doughboy, who has been in and out of incarceration since childhood, is living the ways of the streets, hanging out with his friends he remains loyal to, dealing drugs occasionally and living his life one day at a time. Ricky is a talented football player who could receive a full college scholarship if he can get the SAT scores.<BR>All of their lives are directly influenced by their parents and the hood. Furious has been strict on Tre, giving him plenty of chores and punishing him for wrongdoings and sitting him down to do homework, but in the process, which he had intentioned, turned him into a bright and motivated person. We see in the family across the street that Ricky is favored over Doughboy. He's going to go to college and maybe be in the NFL and Doughboy is either going to be on the stoop or in prison.<BR>What's truly compelling is the acting of Ice Cube. He brings true emotion to his role and displays a troubled person who is good at heart but the grim reality of the hood has warped his sense of life.
0061001783|5.0|This is quite possibly my favorite Heyer, which is saying something, because the competition is fierce.  The author plays with the usual ingredients of her books, and reverses them (the man who appears to be the hero is actually the villian.)  Everybody is slightly absurd, including the heroine.  In books by numberless imitators of Ms. Heyer, the heroine is always perfect.  Not here.  Kitty Charing is bright and good-natured.  She is also very innocent, very impulsive, a crusader, a match-maker, and the despair of her putative fiancee, Freddy Standen.  Freddy himself is one of Ms. Heyer's happiest creations.  The plot is tightly wound, and fits together with satisfying clicks.  Great scenes:  Dophinton's proposal to Kitty; Freddy's ditto; Kitty meets Freddy's family; Freddy and Kitty go sight-seeing in London; Freddy discusses the Elgin Marbles with his father;  Freddy discovers why Kitty is seeing Dolphinton; Kitty and Olivia encounter Olivia elderly admirer; the masquerade; the elopement; and Jack's comeuppance at the hands of Freddy.<br />If you have never read this book, prepare for a treat.
0060556498|5.0|The reason for the \\"sudden reordering\\" of the Narnia series dates back to a letter sent to C S Lewis by a child after the completion of the series. The young reader noticed that the books were published out of order as far as the Narnian time line goes with the creation of Narnia occuring in \\"The Magician's Nephew\\" (the sixth book published). In the letter, the child asked which order the books should be read in. Lewis replied that it was really up to the reader, but he prefered them chronologically within the Narnian world which places \\"The Magician's Nephew\\" first. SO it is up to the reader whether you want to read them in the new order (approved by the author) or their publication order. Either way you do it, \\"The Horse and His Boy\\" occurs at the same time \\"The Lion and the Witch and the wardrobe\\" occurs. I read them both ways, and LW&W is a better \\"first book\\" because it's more action oriented than MN. It was more interesting for me as a young reader to go back in time and read about the creation of one of my favorite fantasy worlds...every reader might not agree (obviously the publishers and the Lewis family don't). Enjoy them either way!
B00003CXXJ|5.0|I have to admit, when this first came out, I neglected to check it out.  But I heard so many great things about it, so once it came out on DVD a friend of mine brought it over and we watched it.<br />I have to tell you... I could not stop laughing from beginning to end.  Mike Meyers and Eddie Murphy providing the voices for Shrek and Donkey are the best comedic pairing.  And Cameron Diaz is just as hilarious as Princess Fiona.<br />But it's the little things like the Gingerbread Man being tourtured with milk, Robin Hood and his merry men dancing like there in Riverdance, the fairy tale characters being sold, it's insane and funny as hell!<br />You want good laughs, minus profanity..get this DVD.  So what if the characters are not real...think outside the box and get some good laughs at the same time.
B00003CXB4|3.0|Why did Disney ruin this film by adding a terrible song, cutting dialogue, and making a terrible extras disc!<br />Its sooo bad, it took me half an hour to find the deleted scenes, and i cant even find the original release on my dvd! (If anyone knows exactly where the original theatricial release is then pleaaaase tel me - email me sarahsezzy90210@hotmail.com - i'll be forever in your debt)<br />But aside from the terrible dvd, the actual picture quality is great, and the original film is a classic, (although i do acknowledge that everything disney releases they call a classic)<br />However, you may like the added song but i felt cheated by disney that theyd changed my favourite film, so it depends on your feelings about the original whether or not you buy this dvd
B00006CXXU|5.0|Listen, most of the people who hated this CD are too immature to understand growth.  As a grown woman who cannot even take most of the trash that pass as singers today, I decided to fully listen to this CD.<br />Now mind you, I've had it since it came out, and I only listened to \\"Dirrty\\" and \\"Beautiful\\" since they got the most airplay.<br />Christina is a gifted singer who clearly let go of her boundaries whatever they were.  When you are growing as a person musically, intellectually, sexually, whatever, your true persona is going to shine through.  Although her image is risque, has she been any different than Madonna/Prince back in the 80's, Lil' Kim and Foxy Brown in the 90's?  And to further my point, even Britney has followed behind Christina (Why else would she have kissed Madonna on the VMA's -- people get a clue)!<br />That said, Christina is going to go far....she is a talented individual who can hold her own.  Once she gets herself settled in her career they way she truly want's to go, she will be a force to be reckoned with.  Forget her personal antics and purchase this CD and listen and really hear what the true Christina is trying to convey.  We all remember what it was like to search for our true selves.  She's no different than anyone else.  Sing it Girl!
0790734060|5.0|Although this film takes great factual liberties, it succeeds in bringing to life the spirit and genuis of a stunningly brilliant human being.  A life as dense and productive as Mozarts is almost impossible to bring to film, yet director Milos Forman manages to condense the expanse of Mozart's accomplishments into a production that rivets the attention of the audience. The almost magical intrigue that surrounds Mozarts life and death is captured with the theatrical and dramatic impact that would be expected from such an extraordinary life.  This is one of those rare films that can be viewed more than just a few times. Mozarts music soars througout the film with the brilliant direction of Sir Neville Marriner.
B00006ZCFH|3.0|Erykah Badu - Worldwide Underground EP (Motown, 2003)<br />This album isn't really garbage but unfortunately it's not one of those sit-back-and-examine-the-lyrics album that people expect from Erykah. It just seems like she went in the the studio and messed around all day. The jams are musically enjoyable except when they go past the eight-minute mark. There's nothing with the length but when you're not really saying anything in the songs, what's the point? Also, the <BR>&quot;Love of My Life&quot; stuff is PLAYED OUT so the remix is not even interesting (except when Angie Stone, the original bandmate of Sequence, who sang &quot;Funk You Up&quot;, the song that this remix samples, comes in; she should have kicked a rhyme as Angie B., though!). Erykah really knows how to hark on past glory (see also &quot;Danger&quot; which uses a line from &quot;Otherside of the Game&quot;). This album is equivalent to Maxwell's Embrya in that it looks good, it sounds good, but it is just very, very odd and ultimately very, very boring. If you want a real R&amp;B &quot;underground&quot; album, check out Anthony Hamilton's new one instead. --EJR
0380973464|4.0|This *is* an excellent book, however. Stephenson masterfully weaves<BR>together a myriad of story lines to reach it's conclusion. At times <BR>it seems that some of what you are reading is not<BR>relevant but he wraps it all up nicely in the end. It could have<BR>been shorter, but all in all an excelent read. Anyone who is into <BR>cryptography, past or present or the internet should enjoy this<BR>book. Plus, you'll never eat Captain Crunch the same way ever again.
0553277472|2.0|I am usually very open to new concepts and different ideas that people have on different things.  This thought process applied when my English teacher assigned us to read Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance.  I began reading this book thinking and hoping it would get better.  I was dreaming.  This is one of the worst books that I've ever read.  It was lengthy and tiresome.  I think that it was unexciting because I didn't have a clue what Robert Pirsig was talking about over half of the time.  I didn't agree with him on hardly any of his views and could not relate to him at all.  To make matters worse, he had to pull his son into the mess.  I think that he was a terrible father who was too busy worrying about himself.  He hardly ever talked to his son and when he did, it was either meaningless mumbo jumbo or very pessimistic.  I'm not exactly sure what the main message of the book was, therefore, the book itself was quite pointless.  I would recommend that you not waste your time and effort trying to tackle this book.
B00005JLYW|5.0|What on earth is : amatuermovieexpert on about? 'this movie glamorises co-habitation'? its not like glamorising a serial killer or something, co-habitation IS fun and hard and lovely and all those good things. Please don't show your sad immaturity with those kind of comments again. And how about reviewing a movie without giving away plot points such as who the baddy really is. and how about 'reviewing' (i use the term lightly) a movie without preaching at people like they're in sunday school, there is nothing wrong with the majority of things you seemed to have a problem with. get off your sanctimonious 'moral' high horse and try and enjoy yourself, people will like you better and you might even (god forbid) have fun!<BR>and just so people know - this movie rocks!
076790592X|4.0|After reading Tuesdays with Morrie for an English class, I was amazed.  How could this short, little book have so much to offer?  Once you read it, you will see what I am talking about.  Morrie Schwartz is an old man dying of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, better known as Lou Gehrig's Disease.  This book is his final thesis on life.  In this book, Morrie teaches Mitch, an old student of his, about topics that many of us are afraid to think about or even talk about.  These topics include death, fear, aging, greed, marriage, family, society, and forgiveness.   Morrie is not only teaching Mitch about these things in his life, he is teaching you as the reader too.  Morrie was a very knowledgeable person full of wisdom.  He was bursting with energy just waiting to enlighten someone of the lessons he had learned.  There were so many great things that can be taken away from this book.  I would definitely recommend this book to everyone.  It can easily be read, and you will be a better person after reading it.
B000069AUI|2.0|Fairly pleasant pop rock marred by the irritating omnipresence of its singles. It's definitely 'pretty' but because this stuff has been done many times before, in much better ways both musically and lyrically, it has next to no impact or staying power. It's profoundly unadventurous, but at least it's better than most of what is on the radio today. Then again, if you're listening to the radio these days, there's probably no hope for you. Check out Wilco's 'Yankee Hotel Foxtrot' or Clearlake's 'Cedars' instead. You're gonna be hearing the songs off this one on car commercials for the next 5 years anyway, so you really don't need to buy it.<br />Oh heaven forbid, a negative review! Bring on the 'useless' votes I guess..
0316236535|5.0|My son's preschool featured this story, so I decided to buy it for him. He loves to make the monster GO AWAY!!!. I just bought Glad Monster, Sad Monster. I'm sure he'll have the same reaction to this story. It has really sparked an interest in reading and creative story telling.
B00003CX9W|5.0|Fantasia is truly worth owning on DVD, a crown jewel among a treasured collection.  The first time I watched Fantasia was when I was a kid.  I was sick with some virus and my dad borrowed from the library and borught it home for me to watch in bed.  Even then, alothough the music did not mean much to me at the time, the wonderful illustrations were stuck in my mind for days afterwards.  Today, I own the DVD and it is the precious jewel that ties my personal collection together.  I can not imagine not having it now, I have grown extremely fond of it.  The Greek mythological scenes with the centuars and the gods and goddesses are absolutely breathtaking designed and are drawn with such graceful skill.  Beethoven's Pastoral Symphony ties in with the illustrations perfectly, it makes me think of a gentle and more romantic time.  The Night on Bald Mountain is frightening, though, and morbid.  For the Nutcracker Suite, the illustrations include dew fairies, dancing mushrooms, graceful fish, and frost and snowflake fairies.  this images tranport the viewer from their world and draws them into a new world, perhaps a better one.  Also, do not miss The Dances of the Hours, with dancing elephants and hippos in tutus, along with an odd couple dancing ballet together.  Even, just close your eyes and drift away on the music.  I would recommend this DVD for adults, though, and not for children.  Adults would seem to appericate the music and the illustrations more.  Watch this DVD, you won't be sorry that you did.
B0000AZJXQ|3.0|My title might be a little bit harsh.  I have listened through this whole album to realize that i've heard most of it before...  Compare this album to Tool's newest, with (a perfect) spin on things.  This is the first time i have heard Maynard experiment so much with his voice.  The experience is awe-inspiring, only a few have his range of sounds.  Mix that with very melodic guitar and bass lines and you get a very interesting but mediocre overall musical experience. There are some songs that stand out, i.e. Outsider and The Package. Overall, i'd say buy it but I think you could only listen to this CD a few times with interest.  If this is your first experience with A Perfect Circle, go with their first album and let it amaze you.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|When I look at the Disney corporation the last 15 years I have to sit and think. Would Walt Disney be happy with what has been done with what he started. Sometimes I think he'd cry in shame except for when I see a movie like Beauty and the Beast and say to myself no, Walt would have loved this.<br />Disney has always been the standard for animated movies. Beauty and the Beast is the only to ever get a nomination for &quot;Best Picture&quot; by the academy awards and Disney has called it one of top three best they've ever done. Those are some pretty good credentials.<br />Beauty and the Beast tells the story of the beauty bookworm Belle. She has moved to a new town in France and doesn't fit it to well. Her father is a crack pot inventor is looked to be a madman from the local town folk. On a way to the fair to show off his newest invention Marious gets lost and ends up at a castle. It is at that castle he is imprisoned by a Beast. Belle who has complete compassionate love for her father finds him and takes his place. It's there that she teaches the Beast to love. Back in town though one of the towns men is angry. The conceited and wicked hearted Gaston wants Belle for himself and no one else, and he'll stop at nothing to get her.<br />There are so many reasons this movie is great. It has some of the most loveable characters ever. Belle and the Beast are both fantastic. In the castle all the workers were imprisoned into different animate objects. There's Cogsworth the Clock and Lemuix the Candlestick. There is Mrs. Potts the Teapot and many other loveable characters that leave you feeling good inside.<br />The music is fantastic. It did win the best score and best song Oscars. &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; is an awesome song sung by award winning artists Celine Dion and Peabo Bryson. Other notable songs are &quot;Gaston,&quot; &quot;Be Our Guest,&quot; and Many Many more. I'd watch the movie just to see the music.<br />Beauty and the Beast is one of the best moviesyou will ever see. It's easily up there with the Wizard of Oz as the best family movie ever made. If you don't have this DVD you can't seriously have a DVD collection. It's one of the best of all time and will be forever. So be there guest and sit down for a ride you'll never regret.
0316666343|2.0|I was excited about reading this book as I had heard so much about it and it had been selected as a featured book on Good Morning America. I found it to be very disappointing and downright stupid in some cases. The premise is interesting, but certainly does not live up to all of the hoopla.
B00000373U|5.0|fall in love with elliott the way all his fans did. get this cd and listen to it on repeat for hours.<br />RIP Elliott. we all miss you and hope that you have finally found whatever it is you were looking for.
B00005JKN9|4.0|Gangs of New York is a film that is overcome by it's own ambitions. Scorcese definately has a way with actors and setting and getting you to feel like you really understand what it's like to be amidst the lives he is illustrating. However, this film is just too grand and Scorcese tries to have his cake and eat it too. The personal character studies that he is so good at, the revealing of characters souls is overshadowed by this films epic reachings.<br />It seemed to me that Scorsese wasn't focused on this film, which is ironic considering it is his pet project that he's been developing for years. I think the first half is terrific, but then just looses steam ulimately to conclude with a lackluster ending. Do we really care about Amsterdam after all this? Does it really matter?<br />If Scorcese was trying to show me what life was like by painting a picture of New York at this time period, I'm impressed. It doesn't need to have stark realism to me. That is not the point of drama. But Scorsese doesn't focus on this they way say Steven Spielberg did with Saving Private Ryan. He in his usual style keeps the camera focused on the characters rather than the events. This takes away from the film's impact as a story about New York.<br />If Scorcese was trying to show me who these people were that inhabited his world, I'm impressed at that as well. Bill the Butcher may be cartoonish, but it is done just right. I for one am glad that he isn't completely real. Who wants to watch real people? Again, the art of drama gives us larger than life characters. But Scorsese doesn't succeed here like he normally does due to juggling this epic vision at the same time. As wildly entertaining any of the performances are, we don't feel like we really know any of these characters the way we do say Jake La Motta in Raging Bull.<br />I like Gangs of New York. But I'm not overly impressed by it. I think the screenplay could have used some refinement. I think Scorsese should have picked a path of direction for this film instead of trying to do it all.<br />For example, take Michael Mann's The Last of the Mohicans. Mann, like Scorcese is a director who likes to focus on characters and bringing them to life (see The Insider), but unlike Scorcese (in GoNY), he shows an understanding that different types of stories need to be approached in different ways. Mohicans would have been a mess had Mann approached it the way he did The Insider. In Mohicans it's the events and the story itself that is driving; the caracters less so.<br />Scorsese tackles a completely different film than he's used to, but he doesn't really alter his approach to storytelling. Gangs of New York puts me in awe about this fascinating story about the events in this time period but doesn't let me revell in it because it gets too bogged down in the lives of these characters. But I can't be compelled by the lives of these characters because they are constantly overshadowed by the grand ambitions of this epic storyline. I feel like the film can't make up it's mind what it's about. It's a good film that stutters and fails to be great.th of direction for this film instead of trying to do it all. <br />For example, take Michael Mann's The Last of the Mohicans. Mann, like Scorcese is a director who likes to focus on characters and bringing them to life (see The Insider), but unlike Scorcese (in GoNY), he shows an understanding that different types of stories need to be approached in different ways. Mohicans would have been a mess had Mann approached it the way he did The Insider. In Mohicans it's the events and the story itself that is driving; the caracters less so. <br />Scorsese tackles a completely different film than he's used to, but he doesn't really alter his approach to storytelling. Gangs of New York puts me in awe about this fascinating story about the events in this time period but doesn't let me revell in it because it gets too bogged down in the lives of these characters. But I can't be compelled by the lives of these characters because they are constantly overshadowed by the grand ambitions of this epic storyline. I feel like the film can't make up it's mind what it's about. It's a good film that stutters and fails to be great.
0671015206|3.0|The Millionaire Next Door taught me that if I want to become rich and I am not an athlete or music star, I have to really work hard. One needs to save all that he earns in order to have a decent net worth. One also has to invest their money to continue to gain. There is no way one can live a life with a huge house and nice car(s)and have a net worth of $10 million.
B000002L9J|5.0|This is the best album The Smiths released. Perhaps the best album any band from the 1980's had to offer. It marked the beginning of the end for the best band ever to exist.<br />From the very beginning, this is perfection. As the hammering drums come in, clouded by swirls of feedback, you know you are in for something special. And you are. As soon as Morrissey's tragic vocal delivery colides with Marr's shimmering indie/pop/rock guitar perfection, you just have to smile to yourself and wonder who the hell Lennon and McCartney were.<br />The production of this album is polished without dramatically altering the music. It is the perfect meeting of pop/rock accessability, and the underground/indie feel. It's everything you could ever want.<br />And the songs, you say? Ahh yes. The title track rocks along, as does Bigmouth Strikes Again (a personal favourite). There are the sadder songs for those in darkened rooms, lonely and disillusioned with love (I Know It's Over, Never Had No-one Ever). There are the perfectly gorgeous softer songs, such as Cemetry Gates and There Is A Light That Never Goes Out...and of course, the subtle humour of songs such as Frankly Mister Shankly, Vicar In a Tutu and Some Girls Are Bigger Than Others. That covers all ten songs. And you'll be left wanting more.<br />Such a diverse collection of music, yet such a unity of sound. All good things die young, and The Smiths were only around for 5 years or so. This captures the band at their very peak, and if you want the definitive Smiths sound, look no further.
0385504209|3.0|The great thing about this book is how it brings to light how women have been neglected in th history of the Catholic Church. It is worth reading just for the education you get in that. The plot is the thriller-in-a-day variety that the author has used time and again. It works, but it's hurried and formulaic. I'm afraid when they make the movie (and they are sure to) they'll leave in all the action and take out the meat - Who is Mary, who is Mary Magdelene, what is their significance? Sigh.
B00005JLKB|4.0|This DVD is great...but if you are a fan of smallville seasons 3 + 4 be prepared- its definatley not as good!  The plot of each episode is predictable and EVERYTHING relates back to kryptonite rocks!  This season has alot more science fiction than the others do.  However, for a true Smallville fan, I highly reccomend it!
B0000E1WNV|5.0|After the first The Rising notes I remember myself screaming to the guy at my left: \\"here's gonna be fire tonight\\". Well' I was just half right, there was fire, it's true, but overall there was magic in the night. Fire, magic and and incredible sense of connection between the stage and the crowd. I don't know if all those feelings are possible to capture in a DVD, but that warn night in Barcelona, Bruce and the guys were truly at their best. As for magic moments, I'll take the solo piano performance of Spirits in the Night leading into Incident, and probably one of the most intense crowd reactions to Born to Run ever.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|After reading all these negative reviews for Matrix Reloaded, I finally had to write and defend this movie, especially for all the &quot;true&quot; Matrix fans who enjoyed it for what it truly is: inspired, ground-breaking entertainment sprinkled with heavy doses of philosophy, kung-fu and kick-ass special effects.  I, like many others, saw it on opening weekend and I was not disappointed.  Matrix Reloaded is simply an extraordinary piece of filmmaking at its highest level and is in a word, awesome.  Anybody who says this film was utter trash or garbage needs to learn how to watch movies in the first place.  It's impossible not to be impressed with this achievement. It's the reason why we go to the movies in the first place.  The people who hated this film probably looked only at the surface and dismissed it as only mindless special effects and action with no story whatsoever (or couldn't understand the film).  The true Matrix fans will see that, indeed, there are many levels to this film beyond just special effects, which indeed are truly mind-blowing and revolutionary in so many ways. The first film dealt with reality and illusion; this film deals with choice, destiny and fate.  You can't expect this film to top the first Matrix, which was almost a perfect film.  There's a lot to ponder if you just take the time to analyze it all with another intelligent film critic.  But the real reason I loved this film was for its relentless action sequences which raises the bar like few films before it.  The Burly Brawl where Neo takes on a hundred Agent Smiths is forever a classic, and the freeway chase sequence is simply awesome.  Interestingly enough, my favorite scene is actually the sword-fighting that Neo has with the Merovigian's henchmen.  When have we ever seen weapons-based fighting that was so well choreographed, so stylish and elegant like that?  Simply brilliant.  And let's not forget the music in this film, which I absolutely loved. The Matrix has always been about kung-fu and kick-ass fighting and this movie delivers; any lover of action films will be immensely satisfied with this film.  And if you study the dialogue of this film and break it down, there are very few &quot;fillers&quot;; everything has meaning and purpose.  Matrix: Reloaded has received unfair critical bashing but the film is a whole lot smarter than people truly realize.  But in the end, Matrix: Reloaded is simply a film, but in a world filled with so many useless and uninspired movies, it is so refreshing to see a film that tries to push the boundaries of filmmaking to new and unchartered territory.
B0000074BS|5.0|I originally heard of talk talk when I was in France on a summers work stint.  At a party one night some guy put on a song called Talk Talk, a single from one of their previous abums.  I was blown away by the song and enquired abot the band. When I was back in Ireland and went into the record store to buy the single the lady didn't have the ablum that had the song Talk Talk but recommended their most recent ablum which was this one.  I bought it and have had it for about what seems like 10 years.  I can definitively say that it is one of those ablums that I always come back to.  I have listened to it with other people.  Their initial reaction is &quot;what the f... is this&quot; but I can tell you that after a few listens they are usually hooked. <br />I would put this in my top five albums- buy it, go into a dark room, lie back and just enjoy
B0000AUHQT|2.0|Though many of the characters' lines are taken directly from the book, they are often incomplete or in the wrong order.  This destroys some of the thematic statements made by F.S. Fitzgerald in the novel, on which the film is based.  These themes, such as money, the American Dream, friendship, hypocracy, dishonesty, and carelessness are severely lacking in the film.  In some cases, these subjects are present, but are shown in a different way than they were in the book.  Many of these themes are almost totally absent, and wouldn't be detectable unless one read the book first, which is highly reccommended.  <BR>     Read the book, rent the movie, experience its shortcomings, then return it.
B0000C8AVR|5.0|ok, the idea of remixing the original albums in sacd can be absolutely good, but what happened to the original mixing of the album in mono? does someone among you remember michael bloomfield's guitar making devices around bob's voice? in my opinion, this is a lost occasion(and no bonus tracks!)
B000084T18|2.0|I gotta admit I like 50's flow and I think a bunch of the tracks are real catchy and hot. The problem is, there is very little substance to 50's flow, and his songs get close to sounding the same on this album. It makes me wonder how he'll be able to put out another good album. I see 50 as a decent rapper with a catchy flow, but  idnot see him droppin anotbher album regarded so highly or being remembered with the great MC's of today, because the fact is as a lyricist he is ok, and there are 100 MC's out there today who could rip him on wax or off the dome. I like 50 though, he's somewhat refreshing to hear, and I wish him luck in droppin another hot album.
B00005JLTN|5.0|First of all it is the start of November and as you know Matrix fans, Revolutions comes out on wednesday. But to write this review more considerate I have to say that the majority of people who said it sucked were wrong. Face it, have you ever seen a better movie with Kung fu action and slow mo in bullet time and fight scenes? The answer is no! So if you like none of this obviously your going to give a bad review! And if you do then i dont know what yer bablling about because the first one really sucked pertaining to combat fighting. If you think the first one was better than the second, then you don't know your movies. The only thing i could agree on the second one was that the plot fell a little bit, but even the action makes up for everything. People who love bullet time, slow motion, and a hella of cool action go buy it. People who just cant comprehend.....GET YOUR A** OUT OF MOVIES.<BR>Thank you for time,<BR>-Percys
B00005JM02|1.0|As a black African American, I'm highly offended by Finding Nemo.  This is another attempt by the Man to oppress the brothers.  Suggestions of racial inferiority are played out all throughout this &quot;Disney&quot; movie.  Why do the &quot;colored&quot; fish have to be &quot;enslaved&quot; in the aquarium?  And notice the &quot;white&quot; seagulls were the ones who saved the day?<br />Actually, this movie was pretty good.  I like Saving Private Ryan better, though.
0385335482|4.0|Meet Rebecca Bloomwood, a financial journalist and professional shopper.  Rebecca's never met a sale she didn't like, nor a purchase she couldn't rationalize making.  She's able to blithely stumble her way through both her professional and personal life--ignoring her finances, tossing letters from both her bank and the credit card companies into the &quot;skip&quot; (&quot;it's not my fault if I never got them, is it?&quot;); and accomplishing just enough in her work environment to get by, finding it all incredibly boring.  As a result, she is not at all taken seriously on the financial circuit....; and then something happens that is very serious, and forces Becky to take serious stock of both her professional and personal life--and eventually forces her to heed her own advice.<br />This novel was a joy to read....and many the compulsive shopper will certainly be able to relate to the loveable albeit flaky Becky Bloomwood.
0375432302|5.0|Our book club read this book this past month.  It sparked a lot of conversation and we all found it very interesting.  You know a book is good when the majority of people reading it felt compelled to stay up really late every night reading until they finished it.  In other words, we could not put it down.  The codes were so interesting.  Highly recommend this one.
B00000AFFI|5.0|With the (almost impossible) task of topping the incredible &quot;To bring you my love&quot; -her previous album- expected by fans, P.J actually delivers a great album by going in a slightly different direction.<BR>    She leaves one masterpiece behind and constructs a new one. And this must be trickery at its best because Harvey accomplishes this without necessarily employing new recipes.<BR>   The tragic stories are there. The darkness and general gloominess of the songs as well. The overall intense atmosphere and the dirty rock riffs.<BR>   And yet this sounds different. So what's changed? Well, whatever change there is it is subtle.<BR>   The production is polished and so is the music. Definately not as raw as &quot;Rid of me&quot; and not as theatric as &quot;To bring you my love&quot;. The songs seem to be more accessible than on previous LPs and this might (just might) bring her to new wider audiences.<BR>   But this is beauty of an album nevertheless. <BR>   Harvey tries a few new things with her voice and the rest stays as we know her. <BR>   There are tremendous songs to be ebjoyed in &quot;Is this desire?&quot;, namely, and most notably &quot;Angelene&quot;, the ultra catchy &quot;The wind&quot;, &quot;My beautiful Leah&quot;, the stunning &quot;It's a perfect day Elise&quot; and of course the eponymously titled &quot;is this desire&quot; saved for last on the record.<BR>   It's a neverending proposition with P.J Harvey, you either love her or ignore her. I can easily understand how many will find her voice and her lyrics rather &quot;difficult&quot;. After all, Harvey sings like no other female singer i know.<BR>   For those who love her music and voice this LP will be yet one more to treasure and while, yes, it doesnt grab you immediately like &quot;To bring you my love&quot; did, this is one where the more you listen to it the more you'll sink deeper in it.<BR>    Twelve songs of immense feeling.
B00009UW0N|5.0|Horror movies aren't made like this anymore. John Carpenter's 1978 masterpiece surpasses all other slasher movies hands down. If you haven't seen this movie and are a big fan of horror movies, then buying this dvd should be your only priority. Not many horror movies can be remembered for their brilliance, but Halloween will definitely stick with you for years to come.  Both the directing and the truly incredible score will leave you wanting more in the end. Also check out Halloween II, very good sequel
B000001E7T|5.0|Having heard over 5000 albums in my life (due to my profession) i couldnt think of another album sung by a woman that tops this.<BR>   When it comes to passion and intensity this LP will take on the best of them (men included of course).<BR>    P.J Harvey hasn't before (or ever since) brought out her full furious potential. \\"To bring you my love\\" is a package of nitroglycerine disguised in music. Through and through. <BR>    Whether Polly is angrily warning her lover, or even better, threatening him, whether she gives him promises of volcanic love or whether she just sings to us her fear and sorrows the result is always the same here: spectacular.<br />    What makes the whole equation even more intimidating is the music (which is where Polly has betrayed her own albums before). The music here is brilliant. Far from her punk-music influences she's fortunate to have a musical shift that ranges to the rock-alternative. Hearing this album more than 10 years after it still loses nothing from its beautiful musical charm. <BR>   Now, about how many albums could this be claimed with the hand on the heart?<BR>   <BR>   As far as the songs are individually concerned what you get is nothing less than a barrage of masterful, incredibly powerful songs:<BR>   entering with \\"To bring you my love\\" (easily one of the top love songs I've ever heard) the album builds your appetite for more like that but you'll be surprised to find out that as the album progresses it only gets better.<BR>   The dark bass of \\"Meet ze Monsta\\" shifts the mood and prepares the listener for a moodier, angrier route which keeps building up for the next 5 songs culminating in the stunning \\"\\"Under the water\\" and \\"Send his love to me\\". In a more perverse use most of the songs here could be used as soundtrack to a film about a woman dangerously obsessed by the subject of her love.<BR>  <BR>    Certain reviewers and music critics have compared Harvey's performance in this LP with Patti Smith or Courtney Love andothers. That would be totally unfair. This is a performance unparallel. Period.
0553277472|4.0|If your looking for a book that talks about philosophy, this is it, even though it is sometimes incredibly hard to make sense of it.  This is truly a book that will force you to think.  One must figure out what Pirsig is trying to say through pages upon pages of rambling about the meaning of things such as quality.  This is a book to STAY AWAY from if you are looking for a good read.  <BR> The book starts as a seemingly interesting story about a boy and his father on a motorcycle trip; however, as the book goes on, more and more of Phaedrus, Pirsig's other personality, comes back.  The further one reads, the more complex and impossible to understand it becomes.  At points, I was just praying for Pirsig to go back to talking about the motorcycle trip, yet as the end neared, I became very interested in what was going to happen, and I must say, I was not let down.
0385495323|5.0|This book had me captured from the very first pages dealing with the crytographic intrigues during the trial of Mary Queen of Scots. From Egypt to Mary Queen of Scots to present day public key cryptography to future quantum concepts, Simon Singh offers a typewritten drama unparalleled by many novels. The historical aspects of cryptography set together with the technical details offer the charm of a story and the depth of a dissertation. Singh has a terrific historical voice, and his explanations of even technical crytographic concepts strike home in remarkably resonant ways. This is hands-down the best explanation of cryptography I've even come close to seeing - it's just that good.
076790592X|5.0|Tuesdays With Morrie is a fairly good book.  As I began reading it, I expected it to be a decent story.  At first, I was let down by how much Morrie said he was going to die, but as the book went on, I found that the story was very good, and the book contained some very valuable lessons.  <BR> In the book, Mitch has \\"classes\\" with an old professor whom has ALS.  The lessons are about many important things such as love, death, and marriage.  Mitch, in order to see Morrie every Tuesday, must fly 700 mile from Detroit.  The book is very toughing, and it makes you think a lot about how you are living your life and if you would rather be living it differently.   I would definitely recommend reading this one!  If you read this book, I would suggest watching the movie and Ted Koppel interviews as well.
B00000DG1R|1.0|Who was the jagoff at EMI/Capitol that put this compilation together? Half of their greatest are not even on here! Also who<br />was the moron who BUTCHERED Save A Prayer and Rio? These edits are an insult to the band! &quot;Greatest&quot; should have been a double CD; the first disc being tracks from 1981-1985 and the second disc being from 1986-1999. Well, I have vented my 2 cents... bye!
0553277472|4.0|If your looking for a book that talks about philosophy, this is it, even though it is sometimes incredibly hard to make sense of it.  This is truly a book that will force you to think.  One must figure out what Pirsig is trying to say through pages upon pages of rambling about the meaning of things such as quality.  This is a book to STAY AWAY from if you are looking for a good read.  <BR> The book starts as a seemingly interesting story about a boy and his father on a motorcycle trip; however, as the book goes on, more and more of Phaedrus, Pirsig's other personality, comes back.  The further one reads, the more complex and impossible to understand it becomes.  At points, I was just praying for Pirsig to go back to talking about the motorcycle trip, yet as the end neared, I became very interested in what was going to happen, and I must say, I was not let down.
068484267X|3.0|My daughters and I started listening to the book on tape.  It's a good story, and I especially enjoyed hearing the author himself telling the story.  But the cussing became so constant that I didn't let the girls listen to the second half.  An otherwise great story was ruined by the excessive use of words that detracted rather than added.  I don't need to hear GD on every page to get the idea that people actually talk that way.  A few examples would have been sufficient.
B0000BWVCM|5.0|X2 was excellent.  It was great seeing Wolverine remembering his past.  It was great to see the complexities of the characters being developed too.  I hope Halle can come back as Storm for X3 and explore Storm's claustrophobia.  Can't wait to see Pheonix as well.  Who will they add next?  The Morlocks? Gambit?  Will we see Jubilee's powers?  How about Firestar?
B00006V9A0|1.0|It is such a shame that what Nirvana stood for was totally muffled by Courtney Love and the legal system.  Yes, this album has some of their finest work, but work that was considered \\"Pop\\" none-the-less.  I strongly recommend investing in Bleach, Incesticide, Nevermind, In Utero, Unplugged, Muddy Banks, and ANY live performance CD or bootleg you can get your hands on - this album in no way shows nor reflects the diversity and talent of Nirvana... Dave Grohl, Chad Channing, Pat Smear - who ever they played with, Krist and Kurt just got better and better - this album is something that I fear will be like the Sex Pistols curse : re-releasing the same popular songs over and over again.
B00005JLEX|5.0|I'm from Brazil and the show is every night, at 11, but that's not enough! We cannot wait any longer! Seinfeld DVDs right now! The best sitcom of all times!
B0000DBJDM|4.0|I was slightly disappointed in the DVD because it wasn't the same as the VHS version of the movie.<br />BUT...<br />that's not to say it's not good.  It is actually an interesting look at the movie in a different way.  Yes, people might say the director is tampering with perfection, but at least he had the courtesy of putting the &quot;original 1974 film&quot; on as a bonus feature.<br />So if you're looking for an upgrade to the VHS version (the 1974 film with the Abbey Road inserts and nothing but...) then this might disappoint.  But if you're looking for a new interpretatation of the film -- done up with cheesey computer graphics, go for it.  <br />Only disappointment for me though is some of this extra footage shows up in bad places (ex. David and Rick in the studio singing their parts on Echoes over the existing Pompeii footage of them doing it &quot;live&quot;).<br />Love though the enhancement of the picture (the Pompeii footage looks beautiful!!) and the sound is phenomenal.<br />The bonus B&amp;W interviews during the director's cut is pretty interesting as well.  BTW, I think most of this &quot;computer graphics&quot; occur when footage is shown of the band in front of a screen of the film (ex. during &quot;Saucerful of Secrets).<br />All and all a nice upgrade, but the extra features other than the original film are not worth it.  - if they would have added the other version, it would be perfect!!! <br />4 stars.
0385504209|5.0|I loved this book, and I am not normally a big fan of the &quot;thriller&quot;/mystery genre.<br />The writing is fast-paced and easily digested, and the plot moves quickly. But I think I liked it best because the puzzles the characters are presented with (and therefore you, the reader, as well) are so intriguing, and I learned so much I didn't know.<br />I know the book is controversial, and although based on some facts, it is a work of fiction...but still, it gives one some food for thought that challenges some long-standing assumptions that are just taken for granted about Jesus, the Catholic Church, famous paintings, various religious and political figures, and symbols you grew up with and probably never even thought about.<br />Dan Brown gets my vote for a rare author who can create unqiue, entertaining characters, move a plot forward quickly with  hooks galore, and make you think and learn at the same time. I definitely plan to read more of his books!<br />- Julia Wilkinson, author, My Life at AOL
B000092Q4U|4.0|First off, lets say that As The Palaces Burn kills New American Gospel.  Props to LoG for out-doing themselves.  Second off...As The Palaces Burn kills period.  This album is so tasteful yet so melodicly brutal, it will be glued in your cd player for weeks.  Lamb of God has a very &quot;american&quot; sound hence they're made in the U.S.A.  Their sound is hard to describe, but the band itself I think combines Shadows Fall's breakdowns and musicianship with Chimaira's brutalness and Killswitch Engage's melodic guitar work.  Its such a grabby album.  No matter what style of metal you listen to, I highly recomend this album just because they combine so many styles and they do it so well.  You will not be disapointed.<BR>Best Song: Purified<BR>One Word Review: Diverse
B00005JMFO|3.0|I can almost guarantee that LOVE ACTUALLY is not the movie you think it is.  Although the creators also brought us FOUR WEDDINGS AND A FUNERAL, NOTTING HILL, and BRIDGET JONES'S DIARY, you still may be a little shocked by the material showcased in their latest flick.  The film is comprised of numerous short stories that are all connected to each other at various degrees.  Hugh Grant is featured in his short as the new English Prime Minister who has fallen in love with his assistant.  Liam Neeson plays a widower who must come to terms with his young stepson, a child actor you will definitely see again.  Alan Rickman portrays a married man who is seduced by one of his co-workers.  You get the picture.  Each story shows love in a different light.  Unfortunately, although this is a very funny and moving movie, I felt like the film should have concentrated more on some of the key stories and left out some of the others.  For example, three older ladies in the theatre I attended got up and walked out.  Their complaint was valid.  There is one story that deals with an actor and actress in the porn industry too shy to ask each other out on a date.  Funny stuff, but there is excessive nudity and sexual situations to back up the plot.  Most of which is unnecessary.  However, they were the only three that complained.  Everyone else who left the theatre said that the film was \\"very good\\" to \\"excellent.\\"  I guess it depends on your own standards.  I enjoyed the film, but would have liked to see some of the stories extended a bit.  Also, for being on the poster, Rowan Atkinson only gets to showcase his comedic talent for roughly five minutes.
B000062YAZ|1.0|ok let's start of by saying that i have been in the music industry as production technician for over 35 years. I have worked with such bands as Kiss, Ac/Dc, Poison, Loverboy, Fear Factory, Systematic, Hatebreed etc. And i have to say great bands such as &quot;Slayer&quot; are legends...... but thats about as far as it goes. They need to step aside and make room for the younger generation because they just don't seem to have what it takes anymore. This has to be the last straw for them because it just doesn't get any worse then this. I am sorry for the rude awakening, but lets all be realistic. If you waste money on this album you are a fool. Legends &quot;Yes&quot;, Rockstars &quot;No&quot;.
0385504209|2.0|The author weaves together secret societies and conspiracy thoeries and anti-catholic rhetoric in order to devieve us into thinking that Jesus had a wife and child.<br />Lets analyze the lies here.  Opus Dei is a 'secret' society, in many ways a catholic rival to the masons, meant to promote catholic power among the wealthy and powerful of the worlds catholic nations.  Yet the fact that it is mysterious doesnt mean that it preaches false idols or that it is covering up the 'Truth' about jesus being married. Opus Die is simply catholic reaction to a world increasingly secular.  the author claims this organization is involved in something vile, yet he shies away from saying exactly what.<br />The 'secret' organization that Da Vinci may have been a member of didnt have any knowledge of the life of Jesus, it based its 'theories' on cult pracices that have no basis in reality.<br />In the end this book is a great fascinating tale of suspense, but it is a fictional book.  Lots of people including ABC news have been duped into beleiving this book has 'truth' to it when it is based on NO EVIDENCE whatsoever.  The bible and Josephus are the only documents that speak of the life of Jesus.  In neither work is Mary magdelane spoken of as a wife of Jesus.  In no place is mary magdelane not a prostitute.  The bible is clear on this.  If you dont beleive the biblet hats fine, but you cant just make up history whern no text or evidence exists.<br />Just because Da Vinci painted a fresco doesnt mean anything.  Did Da Vinci know jesus?  No.  did Da Vinci have access to 'secret' documents that were written in the time of Jesus?  No.  All Da Vinci had was a secret society with a tradition  that had no basis in history and contained no evidence.  A good book but please realize its not true and that its not history, its a NOVEL!
B00004R99L|5.0|I love this movie, i had it on VHS from the 80s, however, it got wrecked, i was going to buy this gold collection version, however, when i bought Sleeping Beauty Special Edition on DVD, it came with a booklet and said that in sometime in 2004.  Disney will reissue this film in a 2-disc special edition.  The 2-disc will probably show the film im widescreen.  So everyone If u can wait, save your money for the 2-disc special edition of this film!   Alice in wonderland is a great movie, i highly recommend it!
0451167716|5.0|I first read Mario Puzo's THE GODFATHER three decades ago, and the impact it had on me was overwhelming.  Here was a rare novel that hooked the reader from the very first page, a novel to be savored and absorbed by the author's grim yet masterful prose.<br />Through the pages of this book the reader is introduced to the shadowy world of organized crime--more importantly, to the fiercely interdependent workings of the mafia.  Deeply embedded in its Italian heritage, it was a culture of unspeakable violence, but it also fostered family, honor, community, loyalty, friendship.  Vengeance.  If you are downtrodden, or unfairly victimized, all you need do is approach one of the &quot;families&quot; and request a &quot;favor.&quot;  Proclaim your devotion and friendship, the favor will be granted.  And then--even though it may never happen--you must be willing to return the favor.<br />Or suffer the consequences.<br />Puzo's novel brings to life the Corleone family, headed by its aging patriarch, Don Vito Corleone.  In post-World War II New York, Corleone faces a changing world, but he is still plagued by the relentless &quot;turf wars&quot; with the other major families.  Intense pressure is brought to introduce narcotics to the list of &quot;services&quot; provided by his family--pressure that Corleone emphatically resists, to the bleak detriment of first himself, and to those he loves.  The subsequent development of the story--of the Corleone's strategy, of the emergence of one of the Godfather's sons to perpetuate the family's power and considerable clout--is spellbinding.<br />Few novels of the last thirty years have had any lasting effects on our cultural lexicon.  THE GODFATHER is one of them.  Highly recommended.<br />--D. Mikels
B00005AREQ|4.0|Rolling Stone Magazine had a list called 'The 100 Greatest Guitarists Of All Time', and Jeff came in at #2 (just under Hendrix, big surprise).  Yes, he was voted above people like Clapton, Buddy Guy and B.B. King.<BR>This is Jeff Beck's first album as an instrumental act.  No more Rod Stewarts, no more psychedelic hard rock, just a more mellow, emotional atmosphere of guitar playing.  The fact that it features the wonderful keyboards of Max Middleton only enhances it.<BR>This album and WIRED are two of the greatest guitar masterpieces ever created, though it's impossible to say which one's better.  Included here are some driving funk tunes like \\"You Know What I Mean\\" and \\"Constipated Duck\\".  Then you have epics like \\"Air Blower\\" and \\"Scatterbrain\\", both of which feature some truly hypnotizing riffs.  The former, in particular, is quite enthralling, especially the part where it slows down and turns into a blues groove, complete with Jeff's exquisite leads.  But I think it's no secret that the best song on here is \\"Cause We've Ended As Lovers\\", chock full of painfully emotional guitar licks that will bring tears to your eyes in no time.  This may very well be the most heartfelt guitar playing ever put on record.  You can literally FEEL the pain and the sorrow that Beck exudes on his guitar.  I often turn out the lights, close my eyes and become lost in the glory of it, my mind in another realm, my soul deeply touched, and my eyes wet with tears.  And at the end, he seems to capture all of the pain and sadness in the world with ONE NOTE.  This is music for the heart and soul.<BR>Of course, no song on the album can hope to beat that masterpiece, but the other songs are all wonderful in their own respect.  The instrumental version of The Beatles' \\"She's A Woman\\", for example, is absolutely blissful, with the gorgeous, crystalline tone of Beck's guitar making you feel like you're in Heaven.  And \\"Freeway Jam\\" is a marvelous rocker.  \\"Diamond Dust\\" and \\"Thelonius\\" are alright, but nothing special.<br />So I strongly suggest that you get this album, along with WIRED.  Both of them will make you realize what many already know: When it comes to emotional playing, there is nobody else like Jeff Beck.
B00008J4P5|4.0|Okay, that was cheesy.  I'm not good at titles, though.  This CD is great; it's probably one of my favorite CD's (as of this date).   A month ago it was Seventeen Seconds by The Cure (which is superb, buy it as well).  There's just something incredibly wonderful about Jack White's voice.  It's so strange.  But hey, it's good to be weird.  If I had to destroy one song on here it would be \\"You've Got Her in your Pocket.\\"  It just doesn't seem like it fits.  A few of my favorite tracks on this are (at the moment):  \\"There's No Home For You Here,\\" \\"In The Cold, Cold Night,\\" and \\"The Air Near My Fingers.\\"  The White Stripes have this incredible, gritty, imperfect sound, and I love it.  I love every minute of it (except for \\"You've got her in your Pocket\\").  It's so unique from anything I've heard lately.  Basically, if you like boring stuff, don't get this, stupid.
0802130208|5.0|Where do I start - where do I end ...... it's mesmerizing, it's the best book I have read after \\"100 years of solitude\\". The book was lying in my self for six months and I was little intimidated by the number of pages but once I started reading it, there was no stopping. I have asked myself the question.......have I read anything funnier - the answer is probably not.  I promise \\"A Confederacy of Dunces\\" will change your perspective to the world as you view it - at least it did to me.....so much so that I traveled to New Orleans for 4 days to walk in routes of  Ignatius , the hot dog vendor, author and self prophesized leader of the proletariat and downtrodden- the central character of this book. In spite of all his failures Ignatius Reilly has a level of confidence which will amaze everybody. I just hope some our world leaders had this level of independence.<br />This book was written almost 4 decades ago still it is so very socially relevant and New Orleans remains to be as it was 40 years ago.<br />Everybody says that it is a real tragedy that John Kennedy Toole only wrote 2 books - one as a kid \\"Neon Bible\\" and \\"A Confederacy of Dunces\\" before he committed suicide but it really does not matter how much he created - just check out what he created. Sometimes it takes that only one book for an author to create his identity and mark as for example \\"Phillipe Alfau\\" wrote \\"Locos\\" which was published 60 years after it was written and now it is a classic.<br />\\"A Confederacy of Dunces\\" evolves around Ignatius Reilly but around him are the characters like Patrolman Mancuso (alias Angelo), Mr. Gonzales, Miss Trixie, Jones (the representative of powerless minority), Myrna (the strangest girlfriend that one can possibly have), Mrs. Levy and Dorian (the fairy who attracts every other bee). They may be dunces but there is something common with all  of them - they are all bursting with confidence an has eternal hope in the playfulness of fate or \\"fortuna\\" (as Ignatius puts it.) The whole book covers a period of 2 months or less and you will never realize how time passes by while you are reading. The best part is even all these dunces never make it tragic rather at some point being a \\"bum\\" seems to be the way to go.<br />This is a work of love and effort and you will enjoy every line and pass out laughing. I just hope there were more books like this ......... I am off to New Orleans to meet Dorian.The whole book covers a period of 2 months or less and you will never realize how time passes by while you are reading. The best part is even all these dunces never make it tragic rather at some point being a \\"bum\\" seems to be the way to go. <BR>This is a work of love and effort and you will enjoy every line and pass out laughing. I just hope there were more books like this ......... I am off to New Orleans to meet Dorian.
0671027573|5.0|What a great read, it has you laughing one minute and in suspense the next.
B00006690G|5.0|sweet...(that was my reaction) The EminemShow is what hip-hop needs. original, addictive, and occanisoly amazingly violent stuff. <BR>best song: square dance<BR>2nd:buissness<BR>3rd:without me<BR>4th:my dads gone crazy<BR>5th:(tie) soldier OR say goodbye to hollywood<br />the skits are HILARIOIS (even if they almost always kill someone)<BR>the only low point is &quot;superman&quot; which is one of the worst songs ive ever heard
B000002OR4|5.0|John Williams completed this wonderful score with compassion and with all of his heart.  The music is so moving and embracing.  The themes take the listener back to WWII to feel the pain and anguish that the people in the concentration camps went through.  John Williams did a excellent job on this composition.
B000089RVR|5.0|Dido has always been know for her ghostly, gorgeous voice, but now as never before. Her first album, no angel was a multi-platinum selling album, and the major first step in her pop career. However, now, after years of being away, incorporating her deepest feelings into the mix of great sounds that is life for rent. The new album still features her mellow sound but is mixed with new sounds, a bit of everything, the more you listen, the more you hear. My favourite song is life for rent, which is to be her second single, it is a song which talks of sorrow and not being able to fit in, but has a good beat and feel. The versatility of Dido's music has become so much better, and life for rent is her best album. Definate 10/10.
B000087DRK|1.0|Turbonegro is the music equivalent of \\"Queer Eye for the Straight Guy\\".  What this means is that this band tries to be hip and cool by being gay.  Homosexuality is not a trend, and straight men should not listen to this music.  And what of the music, the same punk rock thats been hashed out from coast to coast for 20 years and still is crap.  Just because it's Norweigan doesn't make it better.  This isn't irony, this is stupidity.  \\"Oh dude! a haha, turbonegro pretend to be gay\\", so I don't care, Elton John actually is gay, and his music is ten times better (Elton John, as we all know, isn't that great either).  Man, punk is so dead.
B000068G9X|5.0|This album is one of the best and most important albums in metal history.All the songs simply kick ass and glens vocals are very very good.I couldnt stop listening to this cd when I first heard it.Get this one along with danzig 2.HEAVY METAL RULES!!!
B0000CABBW|4.0|Niki Caro's Whale Rider is one of the small films that makes you think about your place in the world. The film delves into the hard questions with such ease that the casual viewer finds himself swept up in the story without really thinking about its implications.<br />The story follows the Maori legend of the Whale Rider who came to New Zealand on the back of a whale and established a colony for his people. Every generation chooses as its chief the first born son of the current tribal chief.Problem is that the current son of the chief is an artist in Germany and hisd first born son died at birth leaving only his daughter Pai (Keisha Castle Hughes). What develops is a conflict between Pai and the old ways of the tribe represented by her grandfather. Maori actor Rawini Paratene in what should be an Oscar nominated performance plays the old chief with great power. <br />The principle issue is empowerment and the film deals with the young girl who would be chief with great emotion. This is family filmaking of the highest order and a great film to watch over again. All in all this is what independent filmaking is about: its smart, friendly and not afraid to embrace the larger questions of life.<br />The DVD offers a director commentary, deleted scenes, two featurettes on the making of the film and a neat soundtrack feature featuring highlights of the score by composer Lisa Gerrard. <br />Do yourself a favor and see this one. You'll be glad you did.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is without a doubt one of the best sci-fi movies ever done hands down.The plot is very imaginative and creative.The action scenes are very well executed and the visual imagery in the movie is awe inspiring.Wonderful acting performances by all the cast in the movie and the movie keeps you on your toes wanting more.I would like to personally thank the movie directors for doing such a fantastic job on this very enjoyable movie.If you dont own this movie then what are you waiting for?
076790592X|5.0|Tuesdays with Morrie is definitely one of the best books that I've ever read.  Once I picked it up, I couldn't stop until I found myself on the last page.  Although the book is very short, nearly every page carries a message.  It's purpose is to teach us a lesson; that was Morrie's final goal.  He wanted to create this one last thesis with one of his favorite students, Mitch Albom, that would give people insight into how to live their lives and what it feels like to die.  In this book, not only do we learn from Morrie (who died from ALS) how to live life to the fullest, but we learn from Mitch's mistakes as well.  All too often we get caught up in our fast paced culture that we forget to stop and look around and actually enjoy things.<br />     Mitch Albom uses a unique approach to get his old professor's message out.  When I was reading this, I couldn't help but feel like Morrie was speaking right to me.  The book could relate to anyone; it covers so many topics from love and life to death and trying to live even when death is knocking on the door.  <br />     I highly recommend reading Tuesdays with Morrie.  You can't help but love Morrie by the end of the book, and like me, you might even tear up at the end a little.
B000068GA4|5.0|I have a hard time really deciding which danzig album is better,this one or the first one.A very good follow up to their debut album.All the songs sound great and the best track in my opinion is her black wings.I would definetly recommend getting this one.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|The new release by a perfect circle definitely has not disappointed. In fact, I find myself listening to this cd and almost being removed from the real world. Tracks like &quot;the noose&quot; make great use of synthesised effects to create complex textures, create eerie undertones and add to the definitely surreal feeling of the album. Other tracks like &quot;the outsider&quot; make strong use of the powerful drumming of Josh Freese, and the well-constructed guitar riffs that make this CD so addictive. Overall I rate this albumn as one of the best in my collection, right up there with Tool's &quot;Lateralus&quot; and &quot;Opeth's Black Water Park&quot;
B000060MMI|5.0|This is the absolute best CD I have ever heard, by far.  The tracks &quot;whats left of the flag&quot; and &quot;heros of the sacred heart&quot; had me hooked from the very first time i heard it.  The combo of  Irish folk and punk makes me want to grab a case and jig till i cant jig any more. I strongly urge anybody that reads this to buy this album ASAP. I cant wait to see them live!
B00005V3Z4|5.0|(Donnie Darko) Dir: Richard Kelly 2001 <br />First of all I salute the director for his trend in thinking of our nature of reality and existence which really deserves the shedding of our thoughts. <br />Although the Eighties were relatively near era with none very signifying features to be represented by, the atmosphere of the movie is amazingly indicative, you really feel that this movie was shot in the eighties. <BR>This movie has a very original plot, especially amongst those pillars of remakes and sequels we are compelled to watch every year, here we have a unique case in demonstrating ideas, to cover the plot with a quilt of pseudoscience as a metaphor of our direct perceptions. <br />Mr. Kelly is hiding his original overall concept about our reality, existence, death and after all the after life. But I forgive him for he was aware that the audience will reject that all the solutions will be resolved by a dream, which is becoming a relic plot device.<br />At the first place let us not to forget it is the Eighties, so the world obviously did not come to an end. So the other interpretation for the rabbit's warning must have one of the following probabilities: <BR>1) If Mr. Darko is still sane enough, so it is his own world which is going to end. <BR>2) Or the whole dream is a part of his delusions. <BR>I choose the first probability: <BR>And now, Let us return to the opening scene when Darko is awaken and standing up from his sleep on the road (this place might be his after life residence), he awakes with a satisfactory smile filling his face that is due to his rewarding dream, the dream in which he was alternately showed what is the effect of his prolonged existence on his beloved ones would be if he had not died. <BR>Yes you began to catch Mr.'s Kelly concept which says that &quot;every dying individual is rewarded by a satisfactory dream before he die&quot; a dream in which the deceased one know that his time on earth is up for considerable reasons. <BR>If youdo not consider my explanation, let's revise the following tips which may support my assertion: <BR>1) Darko main terror is the fear of death <BR>2) Watch carefully for center of the falling jet engine it has a mark of a painting of a swirl just like the type of paintings we can only see in amusement parks, it is a hint that what we are seeing is a dream sequence. <BR>2) There elements of dream pseudo-reality: <BR>1) Fear is not antonym to Love as it has been taught in the <BR>Lessons of spirituality. <BR>2) Graham Greene's graphic novel is impossible to be part of the curriculum in the USA high schools during the eighties. <BR>3) All the pseudoscience of time travel and &quot;The Philosophy of Time Travel&quot; book are a dream resolutions (I personally had experienced those kind of dreams in which you can fix any problem with a very then convincing solutions and just after you wake up with the pride of victory you discover it was nonsense hokum, for example my testing days of I dreamt once while I was studying for math test of equations so naïve that I was awaken very convinced of my invention, and seconds later as they vanish, I recognize they were the daughters of my dreaming mind) <BR>4) Watch out for Mrs.' sparrow whispering quote is a reminiscent of his personal terror (fear of death) &quot;Every living creature on earth dies alone&quot;. <BR>5) The song mad world reveals it all <BR>6) All the declination of his mental state and its consequences (sabotaging the school, the death of his girl friend, killing (Frank) the rabbit and the death of his mother and sister) are better is interpreted as part of his dream. <BR>I admit very much this movie for it is a character study about the titular young man who is losing it for a not very clarified although intricate reasons. <br />If you like that movie I strongly recommend.<BR>David lynch's Mulholland drive, Lost highway Adrian Lyne's Jacob's ladder and of course Soderbergh's Solaris.
B0000C0FJB|1.0|You would think that in view of their remastered catalog being of such high quality that a new release would continue their committment to excellent sonics.  This CD sounds as though it were recorded in a coffee can.  I doubt I'll be contributing to the Rush bank account in the future.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie made me think. It made me think of who we are in ourselves. Are we one person, or are we two in one body? Fight club personiphies (forgive my spelling) the concept of an insomniac creating an alter ego to cope with his troubles. for instance...Ed norton blows up his apartment and then he blames it on tyler, his imaginary friend. This is by all means an excellant movie. it is one of my favorites, and this special edition 2 disc is awesome. it has tons of extras and is very collectible. if you haven't seen it, don't buy this. you have to see it first and let it sit with you awhile. don't believe any of the one star reviews. they are just mad because they can't comprehend the indepth concept of this masterpiece. THIS IS NOT A WHITE GUY MOVIE AS ONE OF THE ONE STAR REVIEWERS SAID. A white guy movie would be Joe dirt, which was funny contrary to popular belief. Thank you for your time, and I hope you make the right decision.
0385504209|4.0|I carried a copy of this book with me to the seminary one day and was asked by one of my fellow students, 'How can you read that?  It is so anti-catholic, isn't it?'<br />Yes, there is an anti-catholic undercurrent here.  It is part of the artistic license of an  author to be able to get away with such things -- is it the author, or the stories and characters in the plot that are to blame?  In fact, without the anti-catholic strand running through this novel, it loses some credibility; just as a show without the character you-love-to-hate would be diminished, so too would this novel.  And that is how I have treated this (given that I generally have an anti-anti-catholic bias) -- it is a piece of the novel, and thus a piece of fiction.  Often the pieces of history that would support this anti-catholic bias are historically inaccurate, and any good editor could catch them -- this is part of why I must view it as intended to be part of the fiction, rather than an essential element of the author's intention.  As a diatribe against Catholicism specifically or religion generally, it would be a failure.<br />As it is, The Da Vinci Code is an intriguing mystery novel with interesting characters and fascinating plot development.  It reminds me in certain respects of Umberto Eco's 'The Name of the Rose', with intricate plot developments that hinge on history, art, symbols, and mystery that might never be discerned.<br />We have secret societies and great historical secrets here.  The Priory of Sion (an actual ancient society) is featured, being the same society to which the murder victim (an art historian and museum director at the Louvre) and Da Vinci both belonged -- the secrets are handed down from age to age, and yet, appear in plain sight (through art work of Da Vinci, no less) for those clever enough, or with sufficient initiation into the gnostic knowledge, to understand.<br />Age-old mysteries such as what exactly the Mona Lisa is smiling at, and what is the secret of the Holy Grail, get intertwined as the deepening mystery takes our hero Robert Langdon and heroine Sophie Neveu through Europe past and present.  There is an element of Indiana Jones here, too, who had his own secret society trying to protect the secrets of the Grail.  Also, the authorities are after the duo becomes the object of suspicion (due to Langdon's name being found in the final message of the murder victim, Sauniere) in addition to being the ones sorting out the mysteries.<br />Again, reminiscent of Eco, there are multiple mysteries in multiple layers here.  Symbols, language and linguistics, codes, and historical mysteries crop up on a regular basis as the chase commences in Paris and proceeds apace to London.  There have been other murders!  There are other issues involved!  Is history about to be rewritten?  Just what is history?<br />In classic style, the real mystery is not who did the killing (although I'm not going to tell you that here, anyway), but rather why the murder (and the other murders) took place.  This is the kind of book that draws one in and asks to be read again to make sure clues were not missed and dropped along the way.  There is a relatively tight weave here, without too many loose ends.  A good read, an intelligent mystery -- just remember, this is a work of fiction.<br />Four and a half stars.of the Holy Grail, get intertwined as the deepening mystery takes our hero Robert Langdon and heroine Sophie Neveu through Europe past and present.  There is an element of Indiana Jones here, too, who had his own secret society trying to protect the secrets of the Grail.  Also, the authorities are after the duo becomes the object of suspicion (due to Langdon's name being found in the final message of the murder victim, Sauniere) in addition to being the ones sorting out the mysteries.<br />Again, reminiscent of Eco, there are multiple mysteries in multiple layers here.  Symbols, language and linguistics, codes, and historical mysteries crop up on a regular basis as the chase commences in Paris and proceeds apace to London.  There have been other murders!  There are other issues involved!  Is history about to be rewritten?  Just what is history?<br />In classic style, the real mystery is not who did the killing (although I'm not going to tell you that here, anyway), but rather why the murder (and the other murders) took place.  This is the kind of book that draws one in and asks to be read again to make sure clues were not missed and dropped along the way.  There is a relatively tight weave here, without too many loose ends.  A good read, an intelligent mystery -- just remember, this is a work of fiction.<BR>Four and a half stars.
6305603847|5.0|You decide, but in my opinion when i dint see it until i was 14 (no drugs no drinks no sh*t, i was just a simple A student who liked MTV ect ect.) until a friend of mine recomended this movie. I was skeptical since ive never listened to a band older than the day i was borned, but i decided to see it. The feeling after watching it was intense, i couldnt tell if i was totally overwhelmed or depressed. The movie just leaves a feeling in you of regret and sorrow. Sure some parts couldve been better but the messeage still remains. Point is after watching this movie, i could finally tell when a movie/music is art, and that for me, signald my change from being a kid. Maybe you wont like it, but you dont have too. Its still gona be an important film for those who watch it with a great state of mind (whith or without drugs (wich arent neccesary)).
B00009TB5G|5.0|It is literally impossible to translate everything onto film unless you want to watch a 20 hour movie.  Who cares if he took some liberties with aspects of the book, the film is true to the ESSENCE and STORY.  If I want to indulge myself in the complete lore of Tolkien, I will read the book.  If I want to indulge myself with an excellent interpretation of the story, I will watch this fantastic movie.  I recommend it to everyone!!
076790592X|5.0|&quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; is perhaps the most inspirational and thought-provoking book I have ever read.  I think the average reader can relate to Mitch Albom and his fast-paced life that is so common in this culture.  We are all searching for a Morrie-like figure in our lives.  Someone to give us inspiration, wisdom, and most of all hope.  Albom does an exemplary job of delivering Morrie and his wisdom into our minds with memorable little stories.  The book is organized both chronologically and by topic, so the reader can always refer back to Morrie's advice on a specific subject if times get rough.  Morrie himself seems to be quite a down to earth old man with an extraordinary outlook on life and on death.  His narration of his journey across the bridge from life to death is memorable at least, and life-changing for those who really take his message to heart.  Thank you to Albom for bringing Morrie into our hearts and minds in this &quot;final thesis.&quot;
B000056VJ7|5.0|This album would be one of the best albums ever made, from begining to end every song is fantastic
0553277472|2.0|&quot;Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance&quot; is a book just as long and boring as its title.  The story starts out like any good book, and its first few chapters introduce some interesting ideas about different philosophies for viewing the world.  At the end of Part I, the reader is anticipating a good read, and Part II delivers quite an interesting journey of a strange man, Phaedrus, who is about to go insane.  Then the unsuspecting reader is hit with Part III, the attempted definition of quality, which actually is an incredibly long rant on something so irrelevant that it is almost a burden to read.  Pirsig's obsession with quality grows annoying very quickly, and progresses into a long, drawn out overdramatization of the time right before Phaedrus went insane.  Those readers who actually stick with the book until the end are hit with a fairy tale like ending which leaves many questions unanswered.  I would only recommend this book to someone who has a lot of time to kill or has an overriding interest in things completely irrelevant to everday life.
B00005JM02|4.0|This movie is fantastic.  I would only hope that disney created a fantastic dvd for this wonderful movie.  The people at pixar are wonderful film makers.  The best part about this movie as well as other pixar pictures, is the films ability to maintain a balance of adult humor as well a something that the children in the audience can laugh at.  This is a touching story about a clown fish named marlin (brooks) who is journeying to find his now captive son nemo.  Along the way, marlin runs into some very interesting and diverse characters including a forgetful but sweet blue fish named dori, who is played by elen degenerous. Like all of the voice talents in this movie, (Degenerous) is absolutly hilarious  and plays this part with heart, humor, and is irisitable.  I would highly recommend this film to any one of any age.  I think this is a classic movie with many memorable moments as well as characters..........PLEASE SEE IT!!!
0553573411|5.0|Robin Hobb knows how to write a good tragic fantasy novel. With Fitz right in the middle of a controversy to take over the Kingdom and while the King lies dieing in bed. The young Fitz must make the decision to save his beloved Buck from forces in the inside and those from the outside that wish to destroy it.
B0000AXE8I|1.0|Watching this movie was like watching someone play a videogame, which was pretty much how this movie was made. The dialogue is sillier than in most comic books - which would actually be fine if this were a parody or a spoof of the original Matrix, rather than an a sequel which this waste of perfectly good movie stock and computer cycles claims to be.
6305090564|3.0|I absolutely love Action God Stephen Sommers' wild little beast of a movie \\"Deep Rising\\" with all my heart, because 1) it entertains me monstrously and never fails to get me out of a black depressed funk and 2) it reminds me of all those gorily juicy, full-blooded, red meat horror films they used to make back in the eighties---except this bloody little romp was cranked out in 1998!<br />That said, get your sea legs, load the double-barrel shotgun, and let's venture into the hold of this derelict. Is \\"Deep Rising\\" worth a look? Well let me ask you a few questions:<br />Do you like the idea of lots of bloodshed, wanton carnage, and wholesale slaughter?<br />Do you like the prospect of watching the gorgeous (and water-logged) Famke Janssen clamber around a derelict ocean-liner for nearly two hours?<br />Do you like movies about voracious, wicked sea-beasties that eat first and ask questions later?<br />Do you like seeing movies in which Evil Cowardly Villains get their just desserts in exactly the fashion they deserve, screaming and mewling in pain and horror?<br />Have you ever wondered what it's like to buzz around a luxury ocean liner on a ski-doo?<br />If you answered \\"yes\\" to even one of the questions above, then \\"Deep Rising\\" is for you. Sommers is the Leonardo da Vinci of the Action Film, and he keeps the pace taut, the dialogue crisp, the blood flowing like cheap Merlot, and the bodycount rising into the double digits! Best of all, you get the sadly underrated Treat Williams as the gruff and mercenary boat-captain-with-a-heart-of-gold (he'd be wearing a fedora and wielding a whip if Sommers thought he could get away with it)<br />unwittingly transporting a gaggle of terrorists to a cruise-liner for pillage and plunder.<br />Plot? You want plot? Fine. The terrorists are after loot hidden away on a luxury cruise liner on its maiden voyage, a liner owned by a greedy shipping tycoon played by Anthony Heald. Fun stuff!<br />A downside to this Pleasure Ship of Death? The CGI graphics, which nearly undo the movie's creepy, ghoulish, uber-gory vibe: the creature itself looks atrocious and has far too much freedom of movement to be truly scary. Sommers should have recognized that with a film of this type, less is more, and stuck with prosthetics.<br />But I'm quibbling. \\"Deep Rising\\" is a perfect little horror flick and just what the doctor ordered if you're in the mood for hungry undersea beasties, gore galore, amoral and greedy villains, and a healthy selection of panicked victims-to-be, to say nothing of the best axe-killing scene this side of \\"The Shining.\\" Make sure you get a cabin with a picture window and sea-view---Tickets, please.Death? The CGI graphics, which nearly undo the movie's creepy, ghoulish, uber-gory vibe: the creature itself looks atrocious and has far too much freedom of movement to be truly scary. Sommers should have recognized that with a film of this type, less is more, and stuck with prosthetics. <br />But I'm quibbling. \\"Deep Rising\\" is a perfect little horror flick and just what the doctor ordered if you're in the mood for hungry undersea beasties, gore galore, amoral and greedy villains, and a healthy selection of panicked victims-to-be, to say nothing of the best axe-killing scene this side of \\"The Shining.\\" Make sure you get a cabin with a picture window and sea-view---Tickets, please.
6305949980|4.0|The Nightmare Before Christmas is original in every sense of the word.  The story line--Halloween creatures taking over the holiday of Christmas--has, from what I know, never been carried out before.  Jack Skellington is the lead character who attempts to take over Christmas.  The irony of this story is that the lead villian turns out to also be a hero.  That, again, is a display of sheer brilliance and creativity.  And it is true -- almost everyone in our modern era loathes musicals.  I do too.  But there is something quite masterful and creative about the way it is presented in this film.<br />Although the movie is 10 years old, it will likely be quite timeless.  There is nothing about the story that indicates the time period.  The graphics are still of very high quality -- to the point that it is somewhat like &quot;eye candy.&quot;  I was mesmorized by the graphics.  Yes, me--an adult.<br />-- Michael Gordon
B000002RXS|5.0|This was my first exposure to the full and complete opera Carmen, and after listening to numerous Carmens it is still my very favorite. When I first listened to this CD it blew me off my feet. The quality of the sound is incredible, in every aspect, from audiophile technicalities to the orchestra to the singers.<br />What really hits me about this recording, however, is the amazing passion that the musicians put into the work. The orchestra flows with the kind of fluidity and power that I fail to see in many other recordings. The passion of these musicians is conveyed beautifully throughout this recording; you can feel their emotions pouring into the music.<br />Now, I'm not an expert on opera singers by any means, but the same is true of the singers in my opinion. Maria Callas is the best of any I've heard for the role of Carmen, and she hits the deep, lower tones while still nailing every high note with precision. I'm not saying other singers weren't great as well, but it's hard to fathom better singing than the singing in this recording.<br />I have personally listened to this recording at least 20 times, and it never ceases to amaze me. It is worth every penny and then some.
B00005NTNM|5.0|In this interesting Dirty Harry film, Harry and company duel with a weird group of &quot;revolutionaries.&quot;  While the plot and characterization are compelling, the scenario gives rise to some questions.<br />How come Dirty Harry never paused from his pursuit of these terrorists, and asked himself, &quot;Why do they hate us?&quot;  Harry seemed determined simply to wipe out these terrorists, in a unilateral fashion, as a cowboy would do.  He never considered forming a coalition, or dispatching inspectors to monitor the activities of the group -- there was absolutely no mention of the United Nations.  Dirty Harry, in his dealings with these terrorists, was at no time compassionate, tolerant, diverse or inclusive.  He just seemed to think that killing them was the only way to stop them (which, indicentally, it WAS -- but that's beside the point).  Harry did not at any time take into account any specific cultural or religious motivations which might have prompted the terrorists to kill people, and he seemed to have no regard whatever for their feelings.<br />Shouldn't Harry have been more sensitive, diverse, tolerant, inclusive and compassionate?  Isn't that the best way, according to about half the people who participated in a national survey conducted November 2000, to deal with terrorists who want to wipe you out?
B000001DTM|5.0|i'm somebody who thinks that good rock music stopped in the early eighties. on and off i've come across one or two post 80 albums which were good. but i didn't even have a great opinion about U2 - of joushua tree i thought only the first 4 songs were great. i accidentally came across some highly laudatory reviews of achtung baby in amazon and finally yielded to the high praise. and man was i pleasantly surprised. i've to say this is easily one of the greatest rock albums ever produced. it is simply fantastic and each track in the album is a killer. if you've not heard the album, i envy you for the pleasure that lies in wait for you. GET IT NOW!
B0000C9ZLD|3.0|Since the songs are so stylistically similar to those on their debut, I can't review this album without comparing it to the former. Unfortunately their current effort isn't as good. The Strokes stick to the formula that made their first album such a success, yet the songs just aren't as catchy. Don't get me wrong, this is a good album and a solid sophomore effort by a band that I love, however if you're expecting &quot;Is this it&quot;, this one isn't.
B0000C0FJB|2.0|Let me state first and foremost that I rarely, if ever, complain about the overall sound quality of an album.  Usually a little tinkering of the EQ fixes whatever perceived deficencies exist in the album, or it sounds better through a different pair of speakers.  Let me also state that I was very much looking forward to the release of this album.  I thought Rush sounded as good as they ever did on the VT tour, and the setlist included some songs I never thought I'd get to hear live.<br />However, I cannot state how disappointing the sound quality is on this disc.  Simply put, it is terrible...possibly the worst-sounding live disc I have ever heard (officially released, that is).  And contrary to what  you may read on others opinions here, this complaint ISN'T exaggerated and it CAN'T be overlooked.  The poor audio EQing and the atrocious mixing ruin what could have been a fantastic live album.  <br />Musically, tunes such as YYZ, Secret Touch, Between Sun and Moon, Limelight, etc. sound fantastic and full of life...and let's not forget Neil's revamped drum solo, which is equally jaw-dropping on disc as it was live.  Unfortunately, all of that is wasted on a disc that has too much crowd, not enough vocals, drums that sound like tin cans, and a jumbled mix of instruments that sound, oftentimes, like one great big mess. This is especially hard to take from a band like Rush, who pride themselves on their perfection in the studio and in the live setting.  I don't care of this *was* viewed by the band as an afterthought official bootleg.  It wasn't priced like an afterthought, and surely it wouldn't have hurt to spend a few extra days at the mixing desk tweaking things.  This is a hack job, pure and simple.<br />So, take this as a warning--those of you looking for Different Stages 2 will be sorely disappointed.  I didn't buy into the other reviews here who said the same things, and now I am planning on selling the album back to a used CD store.  Throw me some 'not helpful' votes if you wish, but those will by no means negate the fact that Rush in Rio is a disappointing, frustrating affair.
B000099T2L|4.0|Some people need to chill out for a second here. I've been reading these reviews, and there are people who are trashing Beyonc's songs because she uses slang like &quot;witchew&quot; instead of &quot;with you&quot;. Oh, please. Who cares! The tracks are good, and so are the melodies and beats. Although I've never been a fan of ballads, tracks like Crazy in Love, Baby Boy, Naughty Girl, Yes, That's How You Like It, Be With You, and Me, Myself and I all make up for it. One star off for the ballads which I don't find entertaining, but overall, I love the album, her voice, the messages, and it's true ability to show a variety of emotions. Good job.
B00005JLT5|5.0|The movie opens up with haunting melodies of Chopin's nocturnes<BR>played by the actor himself as he had to practice to play piano in order to make the movie more remarkable.<BR>It's true that this is another movie on Jew's sufferings of world war 2 but this is the best of all put together. It is a movie based on a life of a true artist Wladyslav Sh. and it was directed by an excellent director Roman Polanski.<BR>The images throughout the movies are so real. Tears streamed down my face so many times as I watched this movie and I swear to God up to now I watched it nearly ten times so far and each time I feel more sympathetic to what this remarkable man went through. If something like this happened to me personally, I admit it that I wouldn't find Life worth it to Live but Schpillman did and he lived to create a family that would never go through the things he did.
B000002C4J|5.0|This album is nearly flawless, with the only song I didn't enjoy being \\"Miles To Go (Before I Sleep)\\". Every song is a piece of art. The album is a follow-up triumph to 'Falling Into You'. Celine did a spectacular job with this album.
B000056NX5|1.0|For starters, this movie is not about Jesus. Well, not about that Jesus. The action takes place in a concrete desert of a former industrial town. My first guess was New York, but later they started to call it Jerusalem. The biggest attraction is a replica of Berlin Wall, at least it's painted the same way. A gang holds the place. By some coincidence, the gang leader is called Jesus Christ and his lieutenants have names of apostles. Police raid makes us think that this should be a future as policemen are dressed like Darth Vader. One of the apostles has a tattoo of a cross on his forearm. Juda commits a suicide in the middle of the movie, and then continues to sing and comment for the rest of time. And, yes, animal right activists beware, there is a lot of black leaver, even female angels wear black leaver bikinis.<br />Clearly this gang is also a semi-religious sect, and the fathers of the town are worried about that. Head of the priests (Afro-American, like about a half of the gang) decides to arrest and execute the leader of the gang, while watching them on a surveillance cameras. However their first attempt (during sermon, I assume) fails because the crowd is waiving \\"schmeisers\\" (WWII German machine guns) and few AK-47s. When the leader of the gang gets traders from the Temple, the merchandize left includes working TVs, showing military airplanes and warships at their bloody work. I am not completely sure of the meaning of this scene. They probably meant that the world is bad and deadly. On another hand planes and ships were American, hence Christian, so it could be the other way around. Pilat is dressed like a Nazi general, probably, SS, and his refusal to crucify an innocent man makes him almost sympathetic.<br />Well, I wash my hands. Now it's up to you to decide, if you really want to see this movie. Sapienti Sat. Dixi.
B00003CXCT|5.0|the star wars trilogy revolutionized the way we watch movies forever. The plot is great and the characters are spectactular. The special effects featured in this movie revolutionized the entire industdry. If u dont have the Star Wars trilogy, buy it now!
B000001Y2U|5.0|OK, I own all the Manson albums and this one still lives up to being my all time favorite, but then again that cycles between &quot;Holywood&quot; and &quot;The Golden Age of Grotesque&quot;. As Manson is usually placed under the category of Industrial-Metal, this cd is the best representation of that, although you simply cannot categorize this amazing band at all. The greatness of this cd is the reason alot of fans were turned off to the later more &quot;glam-rock&quot; concept behind the band with 98's &quot;Mechanical Animals&quot; and the more almost experimental with acoustics and mellow &quot;Holy Wood&quot;, as great as those albums are, this could be Manson's finest hour. He delivers like no other on here, with tracks like &quot;Angel With The Scabbed Wings&quot; and the ever-popular &quot;The Beautiful People&quot;. Bottom line: if you want an idea of some of Manson's best material, get up of your ass and buy this masterpiece NOW. (This also happens to be one of the best concept albums EVER) Best songs: Irresponsible Hate Anthem, Angel With The Scabbed Wings, The Reflecting God, Man That You Fear and Deformagrophy.
B0000BYM3K|3.0|I like Iron Maiden a lot.  I've liked them since I picked up &quot;The Number of the Beast&quot; when it came out in 1982.  After one listen, I was hooked and continued to buy everything I could. This changed as the band entered the 90's.  Adrian and Bruce left and, while the musicianship remained good, the group suffered.<br />I was so happy to see the return of Bruce and Adrian -- two individuals I felt were key ingredients to Iron Maiden's success.  While I didn't think &quot;Brave New World&quot; was a classic album, it was still a good album.  And with Bruce's track record -- the excellent &quot;Accident of Birth&quot; and &quot;Chemical Wedding&quot; -- I knew there was still something good in the band, that &quot;Brave New World&quot; was just a sign of better things to come.<br />Sadly, this wasn't the case.  &quot;Dance of Death&quot; suffers from what appears to be an over abundance of Steve Harris.<br />Steve has always been the driving force behind the band -- without Steve Harris, there'd be no Iron Maiden.  I love the guy.  He's the reason I picked up guitar.  As the leader in the band, he calls the shots.  Most of the time, I think he knows what's best for the band.  There have been some mistakes over the years, but the band has managed to pull through them. Steve has also held the lion's share of the songwriting.  He's responsible for the band's most recognized tunes (i.e. &quot;Run to the Hills,&quot; &quot;Number of the Beast,&quot; &quot;Wrathchild,&quot; etc.).  But I think that well started running dry in the early 90's and hasn't fully recovered.<br />Steve likes to write off the bass line.  This has worked more times than not in the past, but it has definitely run its course.  All of Steve's songs now start the same way: slow guitar mirroring the bass line for two minutes while hushed vocals carry the song up to the hard guitar part.  Sadly, the songs begin to be indistinguishable from each other.  And the repetition of lyrics... I thought &quot;Angel and the Gambler&quot; was horrible, but &quot;No More Lies&quot; is running a close second.<br />That's what we have here on &quot;Dance of Death&quot; -- nothing new.  While there's no denying the quality of musicianship on the album, there seems to be lack of direction or, more importantly, inspiration.  I come away from this album with indifference.<br />1. Wildest Dreams: Very heavy on Adrian -- I like it.  Not their best, but one of the best on this album.<br />2. Rainmaker: Starts the same as all Harris songs do, but it turns out to be a pretty good song.<br />3. No More Lies: Arguably the worst song on the album.  Sounfs like a left over from &quot;Virtual IX.&quot;  Bruce repeats &quot;No More Lies&quot; more times than the average listener cares to hear.<br />4. Montsigur: Another Harris into without any direction.<br />5. Dance of Death: Some of the worst lyrics Iron Maiden has ever put on disk.  Very Spinal Tap.  Very cheesy.<br />6. Gates of Tomorrow: Another slow Harris intro leading into a forgettable song.<br />7. New Frontier: Nice to see Nicko get involved in the writing.  A pretty good song.<br />8. Paschendale: Too much Steve and not enough Adrian.  Could have been better.  I'm not sure why fans think this is the best song the band ever wrote.<br />9. Face in the Sand: Good Adrian songwriting.  So, So lyrics.<br />10. Age of Innocence: Typical Harris into and song construction.  Virtually identical to the other Harris intros on this album.<br />11. Journeyman: &quot;The Clansman&quot; Part II.  Same Harris into and song construction.  Nothing memorable.<br />How to make things better?<br />1. Hire an outside Producer like the great Martin Birch.  Keep Steve out of the control room.<br />2. Keep Steve's songwriting at a minimum.  The songs really are starting to sound alike.  Allow there to be songs by Smith, Gers, Dickinson, Murray on their own.<br />Had Bruce released &quot;The Chemical Wedding&quot; and &quot;Accident of Birth&quot; under the Iron Maiden name, they'd have ranked right up there with the band's best work.  This album, however, doesn't rank all that high with me.  While &quot;everybody's got their vice,&quot; this album isn't one my guilty pleasures.t;Accident of Birth&quot; under the Iron Maiden name, they'd have ranked right up there with the band's best work.  This album, however, doesn't rank all that high with me.  While &quot;everybody's got their vice,&quot; this album isn't one my guilty pleasures.
076790592X|4.0|I thought that this book was heart warming! Whoever reads it will probally end up with tears in their eyes. It lets the readers know that there are some special teachers out in the world that really care; and take that extra step for their student.
B000002BHE|4.0|This album is a triumph, a great accomplishment. Each of its songs are wonderful, with the exception of &quot;Dreaming Of You&quot; and &quot;Call The Man&quot;. I did not care for those two, but every other song was &quot;music&quot; to my ears.
0679777547|3.0|&quot;The flesh-and-bone Corso, having and ID, a known place of residence, and a physical presence, of which his aching bones were proof, was increasingly tempted to see himself as a real character in an imaginary world.&quot; This is the premise of this novel. The protagonist Lucas Corso, a cynical book detective, sets out to verify the authenticity of a script attributed to Dumas, and gets entangled in situations that mirror the progression of the Three Musketeers (the imaginary world). Corso travels to Madrid, Toledo, Lisbon, and Paris to achieve his goal. The story is told by two narrators, first by Boris Balkan, literary critic, Dumas specialist, whom Coroso addresses his questions to, and later on after Balkan exists the scene, by an anonymous narrator.<br />I more or less agree with other reviewers who posted negative reviews: I felt the character development weak and the ending lackluster. What the novel lacks the author makes up gloriously with scenes and quotations from the classics of Dumas, Melville, the battle of Waterloo, and many more. Thus if you are interested in literary analogies you might find the book worthwhile. However being a person who'd happily swap progression for a revealing ending in a mystery, I'd have to say my reading experience had been short from delightful.
B000069HK2|5.0|This is a REALLY good CD, in fact its my favourite CD at the moment... I heard it at a friend's house and after hearing only a few songs I bought it myself, I completely fell in love with this band. Some of the songs, eg. The Taste Of Ink, Poetic Tragedt, Buried Myself Alive and A Box Full Of Sharp Objects really stand out, and the lyrics are extremely good. The only thing I would say is Bert's whining voice can get a LITTLE annoying, but once you get over that its really a very good CD. It combines emo with hardcore, sometimes changing from one to the other within only a few seconds, and the screaming lyrics and softly sung melodies go really well together. I would definately recommend this CD to anyone who likes Finch, Taking Back Sunday, Funeral For A Friend, any band like that really.
B000089RVR|5.0|Dido has finally come back with a work that took 4 years to finally complete. Life For Rent is an amazining Cd with vivid music that satisfies. Her voice enchants like those of the sirens.&quot;Stoned drifts into the winds of a realtionship&quot;, Album title song &quot;Life For Rent has shown how much Dido has matured in her lyric writting&quot;. &quot; Mary's In India is a song of surprisive mystery as the song goes a layer of sound is added to creating a final master piece. This cd is one you must have if your a music fan.
1881273156|5.0|I think is an excellent book for explaining the basics of why we feel loved (or unloved) in relationships.  It really helps you see how to give to your mate what THEY need to feel loved.  Doing simple things can really make the other person happy, and you feel good knowing you can know how to satisfy your mate.  I recommended this to my girlfriends.  It's a good book to read so that when you do have a relationship you can get off to a good, healthy start.
B000031XCR|5.0|There is not a single bad song on this album. It literally is perfect.
B00003CXC7|5.0|Ingredients:<br />1 part sex<BR>2 parts mystery<BR>2 parts suspense<BR>2 parts voyerism<BR>1 director - Hitchcock<BR>1 handful of great actors<BR>2 parts audience participation<br />Directions: Mix all ingredients together until you get the perfect consistency. Let simmer for about an hour and a half, then turn burner on high for 25 minutes.<br />Final Outcome: Hitchcock's Masterpiece - Rear Window<br />Serving Suggestions: Kick back and get ready for a wildly entertaining film, one of Alfred Hitchcock's Best!<br />Enjoy!
0385504209|3.0|\\"The Da Vinci Code\\" is a Trojan horse.  On the outside, it's a gripping murder mystery penned by Dan Brown, a masterful writer of fiction.  On the inside, the reader can easily mistake speculative material for fact.<br />Several points that Brown's characters endeavor to establish are not true or are at best speculation; among them:<br />1 - The divinity of Jesus Christ was determined by nothing more than a vote of fourth-century bishops at the Council of Nicaea.<br />2 - One of Brown's characters states:  \\"Constantine commissioned and financed a new Bible, which omitted those gospels that spoke of Christ's human traits and embellished those gospels that made Him godlike. The earlier gospels were outlawed, gathered up, and burned.\\"<br />3 - Jesus Christ was married to Mary Magdalene, and together they had children and established a \\"royal bloodline\\" that exists to this day.<br />Brown's characters' present these assertions as fact; however, there is good reason to suspect they are far from the truth or just plain false.<br />1 - According to one of Brown's characters, the Council of Nicaea, held in 325 A.D., determined Jesus' divinity by merely voting on it (page 233).  However, determining the divinity of Jesus Christ was not among the issues that prompted Constantine to assemble this Council.  The Council was convened to discuss and evaluate a new perspective that sprang up within the church and endeavored to deny Jesus' deity.  The Council ultimately affirmed a long-standing apostolic doctrine (that is, established truths and historical accounts that originated with actual eyewitnesses of Jesus' miracles over three centuries earlier). The Council overwhelmingly confirmed His deity based on a thorough evaluation of this new perspective in comparison to the eyewitness-based apostolic doctrines.<br />2 - Constantine did not select or omit different versions of the Gospels, as one of Brown's characters states (pages 231 and 234).  He merely initiated the production of fifty new copies of the existing Bible to ensure more widespread distribution and use of it throughout the Roman Empire.  The content of the Bible was already well established before Constantine's birth, evidenced by a list of nearly all of the New Testament books (including the names of the four Gospels or references thereto) found on the Muratorian Fragment, dated approximately 190 A.D., nearly a century before Constantine's birth.<br />3 - To support the proposition that Jesus and Mary Magdalene were married, one of Brown's characters explains that this \\"royal bloodline\\" has been \\"chronicled in exhaustive detail by scores of historians.\\"  This character then refers another character (and at the same time, the reader) to a list of these historians' books (page 253), all of which actually exist.  The \\"tome\\" among them, according to this character, is \\"Holy Blood, Holy Grail.\\"  However, one of the \\"historians\\" who wrote that book describes the book's material as something other than historical fact.<br />Writing in \\"The Introduction to the Paperback Edition,\\" one of the authors of \\"Holy Blood, Holy Grail,\\" described the material upon which that book is based as \\"academically suspect\\" among historians.  Describing the three authors' approach to writing the book, he states, \\"It was with a vision akin to that of the novelist that we created our book.\\"  And, \\"...unlike the professional historian, the novelist is accustomed to an approach such as ours.  He is accustomed to synthesizing diverse material, to making connections more elusive than those explicitly preserved in documents. He recognizes that truth may not be confined only to recorded facts but often lies in more intangible domains-in cultural achievements, in myths, legends, and traditions; in the psychic life of both individuals and entire peoples.\\"  Note to the reader:  this is one of the \\"historians\\" referred to by Brown's character.<br />Brown packages these and other vast assertions made by his characters in an excellent murder mystery that is bursting at the seams with highly detailed and very interesting descriptions of myths, legends, religious and pagan symbols, numerology, cryptology, and every other \\"ology\\" that's out there.  The sheer volume of these presumably accurate descriptions, and Brown's technique for cleverly weaving them into his gripping murder mystery, readily lulls the reader into accepting everything presented by his characters as fact.<br />Just as the Trojans should have been in that mythological classic, readers of The Da Vinci Code should beware.  There's great can't-put-it-down entertainment here, crafted by a gifted fiction writer; however, the perceptive reader will be wary of taking anything as fact without first checking credible sources for confirmation.in an excellent murder mystery that is bursting at the seams with highly detailed and very interesting descriptions of myths, legends, religious and pagan symbols, numerology, cryptology, and every other \\"ology\\" that's out there.  The sheer volume of these presumably accurate descriptions, and Brown's technique for cleverly weaving them into his gripping murder mystery, readily lulls the reader into accepting everything presented by his characters as fact.  <br />Just as the Trojans should have been in that mythological classic, readers of The Da Vinci Code should beware.  There's great can't-put-it-down entertainment here, crafted by a gifted fiction writer; however, the perceptive reader will be wary of taking anything as fact without first checking credible sources for confirmation.
B00000IWVS|4.0|It is definitely a technically excellent performance. However I found it though interesting but a bit rough, a bit inconsiderate, a bit non-romantic, perhaps too enthusiastic  and sometimes not mature (I compare with Brendel and Richter recordings). I like Argerich recordings in general and I have quite a few of those; I just don't think she plays her best. As far as the recording quality itself is concerned I think it is quite average, expecially highs.
B000001ZS8|4.0|This CD is very different from the electronic synth wash efforts, such as &quot;Oxygene&quot; and &quot;Equinoxe,&quot; that preceeded it.  The sound is hard edged and &quot;pointy.&quot;  Jarre was an early user of sampled &quot;Found Sounds,&quot; such as a baby's first words on &quot;Diva,&quot; and the world-wide sounds, many of them African, on &quot;Ethnocolor&quot; foreshadowed the entire &quot;World Music&quot; movement.<br />&quot;Ethnocolor&quot; itself is worth the entire CD.  Starting with sparse, edgy vocals, samples, and synth washes, he gradually builds and then WHAM; the percussion kicks in and all of the sounds pulse and bubble, as if you're listening to every radio channel in the world simultaneously.<br />The rest of the disc has various interesting things going on, including Laurie Anderson chanting in French on &quot;Diva&quot; (this era was also her creative peak), and various and sundry little snippets.<br />If you liked &quot;Oxygene&quot; and &quot;Equinoxe,&quot; you MIGHT not like this disc, it is much harsher and &quot;edgier.&quot;  It's not really like classic Krautrock or Tangerine Dream either.  Unfortunately, the samples on Amazon don't present these songs very well, as they are very long and change dramatically as the piece progresses.<br />Definitely worth a listen.
B00008S2VG|5.0|The entire album is perfect. Perfect. Go buy it.
B00005JKC3|1.0|This is the worst movie of 2003! Don't buy it and don't even bother watching it! It is unblelievably boring with crap acting, bad lines and i story that line that i don't even bother caring about. Seeing some guy with dumbo ears (ERic Bana) turn green in the face and then smash out through the side of a house made me laugh out loud! He says the same line about 10 times, which is &quot;don't make me angry, you wouldn't like me when i'm angry&quot;. Also, what is with it when you see the Hulk running? He looks like the ROADRUNNER from the cartoon! Also his ability to jump a thousand feet in the air was also over done by about 1,000 times. Don't waste your time. You'd be better off seeing Spy Kids:3D instead.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|This film was great. (...)<br />First of all, if you go in watching this and expect the first film, you may well be dissapointed. However, if you just go into to watch a film, without having any preconcieved notions as to what WILL take place, you will like this film. <br />Yes, the dance seen was lame, but that represented like 5 minutes out of a 2+ hour film?! <br />(...)Excuse me? No, adults showing a few minutes of passion is not porn. Maybe in your backwards town in idaho \\"the flesh\\" is evil, but for most adults, we understand that some people actually do have sex. Plus, there was no nudity anyway, so I'm not sure where the porn analogy comes from... If you want to watch a film with no evil stuff, don't they have some video store in Utah that will cut films to bits to remove all that \\"evil\\" stuff?<br />Anyway, this is a great film. Very few, if any, bad seens. The great seens more than make up for the dance seen, which to me was the only lame part of the movie.<br />As for the movie being continued, get over it. Lord of the Rings has done it, and so has the Matrix. I was somewhat bothered that I had to wait, but at least it is less than a year (with only a few weeks left at this point). That is not a good reason to give this movie bad reviews. They released this movie with plenty of press explaining that this and Revolutions would be a 2-parter.<br />Anyway, great movie, especially for sci-fi and action fans.
B00006BTCA|5.0|Where to start? Every song is great, with the album as a whole greater than the sum of it's individual songs. With no filler there are no expectations left unsatisfied. Listening to this in the dark is where it's full effect is realized. Like when you close your eyes and can see colors flying around. The music is the darkness flowing through the room while the lyrics are the light that pierces through; not contrasting but blending to make a surreal experience.
B000088DSQ|5.0|I'm glad that other listeners enjoy this recording of Beethoven's piano concertos as much as I do. I just wanted to correct some false information about the recording details: In the booklet of the CD you can read that the 2nd concerto was recorded in Vienna which isn't true. This concerto was recorded in Graz at the styriarte festival 2001 (June-July), whereas the first concerto was recorded in Vienna. In order to complete the series in Graz Nikolaus Harnoncourt and Pierre-Laurent Aimard decided to do the first concerto in 2003, but it was not recorded by Teldec/Warner at the festival 2003. Instead Warner took the older recording from Vienna. What Warner did record in Graz at the festival 2003 was Beethoven's Choral fantasy op. 80 and the Rondo, WoO 6.<BR>Apart from pointing out these technical details of the recording I warmly recommend a live performance of Nikolaus Harnoncourt, Pierre-Laurent Aimard and the Chamber Orchestra of Europe because the CD can not grasp the overwhelming atmosphere which these great artists produce in Nikolaus Harnoncourt's hometown.
B000002L9M|5.0|If you like Depeche Mode and want an album that captures a mood and flows throughout the album, this is it. This is probably my 2nd or 3rd favorite DM album. The best way I can describe it is &quot;dark&quot; yet &quot;warm&quot;. Most people think of a dark mood as being depressing but in this album it's more like being next to a warm fireplace is a dark room, so to speak. The songs are all great and envoke passion. Even though it's a &quot;dark&quot; celebration it brings solice when I'm in a &quot;dark&quot; mood if that makes any sense.
B0000C7PSW|5.0|I must confess this was the first CD I bought from Rufus. I do have the &quot;I am Sam&quot; soundtrack with his version of &quot;across the universe&quot; and I have seen him on many Talk shows. Most impressed by his rendering of &quot;My Funny Valentine&quot; on David Letterman. <br />So with the ravings of my friends, I went out and purchased &quot;Want One.&quot; <br />Wow, was I blown away. The production is totally amazing, the arrangements perfect and most of all his voice. This is not a CD for the top 40 crowd at all. It has been described as Popera, and that fits to a Tee.  The only way I can describe his style is cabaret. There isn't one song on this that is a dog. <BR>Each song is a piece of Rufus himself. Especially knowing he wrote it during rehab. Come and get to know him and that amazing voice. Don't wait to long and miss out like I did. Now I went out and bought his previous works. Why did I wait so damned long.
0385504209|1.0|Like Angels &amp; Demons, I enjoyed this book for a good tale.  There is, however, much to be wary of in the so-called &quot;facts&quot; presented here.  Some of it is harmless fictionalization, some of it is dangerous and misleading non-truths about the Priory of Sion, the Catholic Church, and history.<br />Perhaps the most disturbing elements to me are the portrayal of the Catholic Church as out to completely masculinize God and deny the sacred feminine.  This is especially incredulous to me since the Catholic Church takes an incredible amount of heat for it's 2,000 year history of &quot;worship&quot; of the Virgin Mary.  Throughout its history the Church has paid reverence to true sacred femininity. (btw, it's reverence for Mary as the chosen of the Father, spouse of the Holy Spirit, and mother of the human incarnation of God, not worship of Mary).  Mary Magdalene was indeed a beloved follower of Jesus, but she was not his bride.  She is remarkable in that she is one of the first people recorded in the Bible whom Jesus exorcised of pagan demons, after which she was one of several women who travelled with him and his disciples.<br />I was also offended by the treatment of Opus Dei and the numerous times that it was stated that Church needs to &quot;modernize&quot; and become relevant to modern conditions.  Far from wanting that, solid Catholics want the Church to hold out against the modern world and assert itself as a pillar of objective truth.<br />So enjoy this book, but just remember --- it's just fiction folks!
B000088E6D|5.0|For me it was great to see anyone in the music industry taking someone seriously on this kind of music. Since Harry Connick Jr. there hasn't been anyone else, in my opinion, who comes close to singing these old classics the way Frank, Dean, Sammy or Tony had. I would like to thank whomever is responsible for the great arrangements such as George Michael's kissing a fool, Van Morrison's moon dance and the BG's &quot;how to mend a broken heart&quot; to mention a few,( as well as the rest of the CD ),to showcase Michael's wide and diverse singing range. Though I must say that his second CD did not have the same effort from the arrangement people as his first one, still, Michael comes through with another Great effort. Hopefully more people will get on the band wagon and give this young man all the help he richley deserves to reach his destiny.
B000002LK1|5.0|If you only own one Depeche Mode album your whole life, Violator is it. It's rightfully an &quot;essential&quot; album. It's probably their best written collection of songs. Each song can stand as a single, so it's different from other albums in that each song doesn't blend into the next to form an album-wide theme or mood like say, Black Celebration. But each song is a gem in itself and can stand alone.
B000002MJ0|3.0|A good album, but easily destroyed by their masterpiece, Loveless. While there's some noteworthy tracks (All I Need sounds like a framework for Loveless), the uneven production hinders an otherwise decent album.<br />Of all the albums of their still in print, Isn't Anything is probably the least essential of them all.
0385504209|5.0|This was my first encounter with Dan Brown's writing, and it certainly will not be my last. This is one of those rare novels that gets you to think about your own beliefs, and has you racing to the internet for background information. Being non-religious myself, I found myself looking for information on the Holy Grail, and the way that Dan Brown interprets the Bible. Prepare to be impressed with his character development, and the history involved in his writing.
B00005JKC3|1.0|What a horrible movie.<BR>An action movie that has far too little action.<BR>A catastrophe that is burdened with criminally bad performances, most notably from Nick Nolte, who clearly began his own personal problems while filming this movie.<BR>Sure I know the Hulk is a CG character, but it doesn't even look remotely \\"real\\", I felt I was watching a video game.<BR>The incredibly dull first hour tries to set the stage and plot but then leaves numerous angles/questions unanswered and unaddressed - why waste my time developing a plot in an action-less action movie if that stage setting is completely forgotten after the \\"action\\" begins.<BR>Compared to the other Marvel superhero movie of 2003 (X2), this film is a disgrace.<BR>Ang Lee should be charged with gross negligence and prohibited from ever making another movie.
B00005LOUS|2.0|The original TV version with Boris Karloff is far superior. This version is extremely mean spirited. There were several scenes that were down right gross. The part about the grinch's unhappy childhood was completely contrived and unnecessary. The special effects were good especially Jim Carrey's make up. The songs were ok. I would rather buy the cartoon version.
0345457684|5.0|Outstanding book if you like your cyberpunk sprinkled with liberal doses of 1930s L.A. detective fiction noir.  Some other reviewers here have expressed that the novel is a knock off of better known works - while that may be partially true, it is more accurate to cite that sooner or later *all* cyberpunk tales diverge.  For example, Gibson is held up as the original but the reality is that his 1984 claim to famer 'Neuromancer' was nothing but a turbo-boosted knockoff of Sam Delany's 'Dhalgren,' however, I digress.
B000002GZ1|4.0|Looking back over the legacy of 1960's blues, some 40 years on, with so many wonderful contributions made by the likes of Savoy Brown, John Mayall, Cream, the Animals, and the Yardbirds; i.e. by white British kids, you begin to wonder: where was the youth of America during this revival? Did they not make their own contributions? The answer, of course, is a resounding Yes; one could look to San Francisco and Canned Heat, Texas and Johnny Winter, and the Paul Butterfield Blues Band from the Windy City. Their self-titled debut album remains a fabulous part of that legacy. On &quot;Born in Chicago,&quot; Paul Butterfield's gritty vocals and honking harmonica prove without a doubt that white man could play the blues. (There used to be, and still are, heated debates as to whether whites could adequately play music near and dear to black roots.) Sam Lay takes over the microphone for the Muddy Water's classic &quot;Got My Mojo Workin'&quot; and gives a nonstop performance with plenty of soul. &quot;Mellow Down Easy&quot; is a first-rate take of the Little Walter tune (if not quite as mellow or easy as the original), while &quot;Look Over Yonder's Wall&quot; would in a few years be a highlight of the band's set at the Monterey Pop Festival. But, without a doubt, the best number on the disc (and, in my mind, the best performance EVER of this song) is Paul's bone-shaking rendition of &quot;Shake Your Moneymaker,&quot; with both Mike Bloomfield and Elvin Bishop roaring away on their guitars at ninety miles an hour. Sensational!!! By contrast, &quot;Last Night&quot; is slow blues perfection, with Paul once again proving many hours spent in the discipleship of Little Walter. Harp heaven!! So, get this album right away, and just remember: the bread of life often needs a little butter to make it extra tasty!!!
0060555661|4.0|This review is based on reading the book in one day, and so not really having time to put into practice what Graham recommends. I'm however reviewing the text and style of the book, which is superb.<BR>Good information and analysis, the web references are invaluable, and very balanced synopsis of the past performance of the market. What I would suggest for future revisions is the updating of the market's performance since 1972, upon which the original text is based. It's somewhat disconcerting to be reading about events that occurred almost 30 years ago in the conext of today's market.
0060516402|5.0|If anyone wants to know about the practices of the best business corporation around the world, this is the book. The companies selected are the best with reference to their policies and vision. And all the analysis is based on the data and facts collected by authors and are available in the book. <br />No wonder it took 6 years to research and write such a book. A must read for all business students and practitioners. If you want to know how to make a company last for 100 years with all the twists and turns of economic cycles, this is it.
B00009TB5G|4.0|The reason why the previous reviewer found the Tolkien trilogy to be \\"longwinded tripe\\" is clear: people who do not understand the agelessness of certain values like wisdom and sacrifice would not like such a long and complex book, particularly if they cannot spell or punctuate.  As a TWENTY-something, I can appreciate Jackson's action-packed revision of one of my favorite books, but I do take issue with the way the film changes Faramir's character from a wise, noble, and \\"misunderstood\\" younger son to a shortsighted and selfish brat who's no better than Boromir.  To a lesser extent, it bothers me that the faithfulness of Aragorn and Arwen's love is called into question.  It seems like Jackson could have revised the NARRATIVE to appeal more to a 21st-century audience without undermining the spirit of the trilogy.
B00000IQB7|3.0|The story is good and the cast is decent as well. Who would know that Dennis Hopper would add some comedy relief. This is one of those sleeper movies like [[ASIN:B008D47DXC Adventures In Babysitting]] and [[ASIN:B009CGB1SS The Last Starfighter [HD]]] that are worth your time. If you like teenage movies with action and comedy you should enjoy it. This is a movie that can  be enjoyed by the whole family. The sets, music, and directing is good. Even the special effects which are a bit dated now are still quite good. A science project made from a hidden device in a secret military stockpile can lead to some unpredictable results. When the school starts to transform into periods of the Earths history including the dinosaur age, the students must keep on their toes to survive.<br /><br />No extras with this DVD which was not a clean version or restored. Even if there aren't any this is a good price for couple hours of light comedy adventure. Poor quality DVD with lots of replayability. I hope they come out with an Anniversary addition that has been restored from a clean copy. If you enjoyed this catch [[ASIN:B002ZCLH5S Explorers]], [[ASIN:B004ADB17Y The Goonies]], and [[ASIN:B008D490F6 Flight of The Navigator]].  I do wish critics of the quality of the DVD would not include that in the number of stars given for the movie.  That is likely to make people think it is not worthy of making a high quality DVD or Blu-ray version.<br /><br />CA Luster
0156027321|4.0|Forget that this book won the 2002 Booker Prize for a moment.  I dare anyone to read(honestly) the Author's Note and the last chapter, the summary of Mr. Tomohiro Okamoto's report and then not read the rest of the book.  The story could have come straight from the X-files.  Also a keen lecture on psycho-biology, zoology & zoo keeping.
B0000B1OGD|4.0|Pretty good sci-fi with some of the best Harryhausen effects i have seen. James Franciscus and Richard Carlson of &quot;It Came From Outerspace&quot; fame, team up to capture Gwangi, a T-Rex from a secret valley. Good to see this movie released to DVD. Great site and sound in wide screen format.
0061091480|5.0|I highly recommend this book for anyone, teenagers to elderly ... if read with an open mind and a thirst to understand themselves, they will be stronger, have more self-confidence, and be less easily influenced by others. I read this book when it first came out and I was going through some really tough times! This book actually changed the course of my life, in the respect that it showed me that no person could make me happy, or sad or anything emotional -- I had the control over those things where I was concerned. I learned that someone's anger, even at me, was about them, not about me. I have purchased this book many times over the years and I read it again for myself, then give it to someone who is in need of the revelations I found.
B0000C8AQM|5.0|This CD is ROCKIN!  Next best thing to seeing the movie, I highly recommend it!!!!
B00003CXXM|5.0|Wow. I've had this on my amazon.com recommendations for a long time but I never seemed to get around to watching it. Maybe it was because I couldn't really buy the idea of Matt Damon in an action movie. Well well I finally rented it and I think this is one of the best movies of 2002.<br />The pacing of this movie is amazing. I wasn't bored once. It's just so gripping. You can really tell that it was adapted from a really deep and high-quality book (which I'm gonna have to check out as well now). The characters are so interesting and the action is AMAZING. Some of the scenes seemed so simple but I was clenching my fists with my eyes glued to the screen.<br />This is an extremely well made, well thought out movie. Better than any James Bond flick I've ever seen and probably makes close-by XXX DVDs loose all their self-esteem. I can't wait for the sequel ( The Bourne Supremacy - 2004 )<br />Check this superb espionage-action movie out right now.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This installment of the all things &quot;Maynard&quot; is nothing short of a masterpiece.  The new re-vamped line-up of the band, harmonizes without missing a &quot;13th Step&quot;.  Liked all aspects of this softer side.  It truely is worth every penny..  Buy it..
B00000JLWW|4.0|Don't worry(for those who believe that this movie winning best picture was a bad choice by the Academy). Because the sappy love story that everyone loves to bash didn't get this picture the award glory. But it did get it the B.O. from millions of hopeless romantics all over the world from repeated viewing. What got this picture the glory it actually deserve was from the last hour and a half of the movie where the ship sinks. My eyes would barely close to blink when the boat sank. That was the part of the film the director wanted to do. The Rose &amp; Jack story just lead up to that and occupy the time it would take for this film to recieve the length to be considered an epic. No this is not the greatest film of all time! It just has the highest box office. In my opinion movies like the Godfather, Casablanca, and Gone With The Wind will always have the upper hand on Titanic due to the fact that all the elements of those movies were top quality. Titanic, unlike those movies, has a really weak script. And the acting was nothing to cheer about. And don't get me started on the score. I get an urge to laugh when I think that this was once the highest selling soundtrack of all time. The hype and fan-obsession with the movie did get old fast. But come on people, you have to admit that the boat sinking was one of the most well put together, epic, sad, awe-inspiring, scenes of film history. And that to this day is the reason it won Best Picture.
B000084T18|1.0|to anyone considering purchasing 50 cent's album, i would say stop and instead think upon what you want in life. listening to or thinking about the lyrics contained in this album only feeds the ugliest parts of the soul. it doesnt say think for yourself and find out what you do, it says follow me, get this money and in the process, lets degrade females and glamourize violence. <BR>be yourself, do not follow the example of these mainstream rappers. there are rappers who really deal with lyricism and pushing the boundaries of hiphop as a movement and as reflection of the current concerns of the youthful. in short, rappers who are true to themselves and their craft, and not in it to just &quot;get rich or die tryin.&quot; if you seek alternatives to this current radio money train, try talib kweli, zion i, living legends, atmosphere, the roots, eyedea, styles of beyond, sage francis or a whole division of hiphop that is above albums like this one.
B000069CWE|5.0|Ok...At first I didn't like no other type of other music beside rap and R-n-B...Untill, I heard this cd...this cd made me change my mind...now, i am listening to linkin park, system of a down, and ect.
B000002UUX|5.0|This by far is the best thrash metal album to ever grace the speakers of stereos on this planet. This album is pure perfection from opening note to the closing second of the disc. I can absolutely find not even the slightest thing that could've been done differently to improve this album, other than maybe more songs.There is no album that can or in my opinion ever will top this. This is a metal milestone and Dave Mustaine my hat is off to you!!!!!!!!
6301966988|4.0|Paramount Pictures must have considered GHOST to be a throwaway movie when it released it at the height of the summer move-going season.  With such violent, testosterone-laden action films as DIE HARD 2 and TOTAL RECALL out, what chance did a film that combined comedy, romance, drama, and the supernatural have?  As it turned out, GHOST was THE sleeper hit of 1990--in fact, it grossed even more than its far more violent competition that year.<br />Patrick Swayze is a Manhattan stockbroker who seems to have it all, including a girlfriend (Demi Moore) to whom he cannot say &quot;I love you&quot; but instead &quot;ditto.&quot;  But he is constantly afraid of losing what he has.  Then, while walking home with Moore from a night on the town, a Puerto Rican mugger shoots and him.  Moore manages to survive, but Swayze doesn't...exactly.  He is now a ghost.<br />Having to learn about his new state of mind and body, Swayze comes into contact with a would-be African-American medium (Oscar winner Whoopi Goldberg) whom he coerces into helping him find out why he was killed.  Unfortunately, he finds out that the answer is a painful one; his own supposed friend Carl (Tony Goldwyn) betrayed him because of his involvement with drug and money laundering, and that the killing was the result of needing the bank codes that had been in Swayze's wallet.<br />Although this twist is a little bit predictable, GHOST still works quite well.  The edgy comic chemistry between Swayze and Goldberg is developed quite well, but so too is the romance between Swayze and Moore.  This last element is rather surprising, since the director is Jerry Zucker, one of the directors of such slapstick fare as AIRPLANE!  The special effects of the film are rather quite good, though slightly more emphasized here than in Spielberg's similar 1989 film ALWAYS; and the supernatural elements of GHOST strongly recall films like THE SHINING and POLTERGEIST.  Goldberg's performance as the caustic medium Oda Mae Brown wasrichly deserving of the Supporting Actress Oscar she received; and Bruce Joel Rubin won an Oscar for his own original screenplay, again a well-earned award.<br />Maurice Jarre's score is appropriately tense in the right places and romantic in others, famously incorporating the Righteous Brothers' classic 1965 recording of &quot;Unchained Melody.&quot;  All of this makes GHOST a really, really good film--maybe not great in the classic sense, but definitely way above average.
B00005UEAR|1.0|This album is not very good.  All of the DT fanboys (who come here with their unconditional love of these guys) are doing everyone a disservice.  I remember hearing this album for the first time back when it came out and I was disappointed.  I figured that I might grow to like it, but here we are 18 months later and its still a stinker.   Hey Dream Theater, here's some advice:  ITS ABOUT QUALITY, NOT QUANTITY.  Stop making 40 side-project albums a year and just concentrate on writing good DT songs. They don't need to be 20 minutes long, and they don't need a 5 minute solo from each musician, thats what concerts are for.  Learn how to write decent lyrics too.  I will not be buying your next disc if it sucks like this one.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Although the temptation to rush out another album to capitalise on the phenomenal success of `The Slim Shady Lp' must have been strong....Eminem instead used the various negative elements around him, (Court cases, Gun Charges, Relationship Breakdown) to effectively blur the distinction line between Humour, Satire, Angry Rhetoric, reality &amp; Fiction, to create an album as lyrically fierce, controversial, profound &amp; disturbing as his previous effort, (although the anger exhibited here feels more fined tuned, possibly due to Eminem having more to sound off about). Yet it's not all frustrated ranting, and Cutting one liners.....The `Dido' Collaboration track \\"Stan\\", is as much of an quietly introspective track as Eminem has ever committed to Cd......and the deceptively funny \\"The Real Slim Shady\\" shows Eminem at his lyrically most amusing, and its here to we see that Eminem is looking to push himself creatively as an artist &amp; a Rapper, and with output as brilliantly realised as this, criticisms regarding a reoccurring emphasis on his `Fame/Mother/&amp; Ex-girlfriend' in amongst his songs seem trivial at best.
B00000K19E|4.0|Four-and-a-half stars<br />For me, there are two Matrices: The one I lose myself in while watching, and the one that I dissect afterwards. First, The Matrix in action.<br />The Matrix is the most visually dense, dazzling picture I've ever seen. From the title design of endlessly flowing green numbers, to the fight scene, to the exquisitely choreographed chase, to the bang-up conclusion, the opening sequence is breathtaking. The kinetic action is perfectly accompanied by Don Davis' score, which at that point evokes the dark feel of a classic, Hollywood thriller. And the writer-directors, the Wachowski brothers, make every shot tell.<br />In the future, humans created machines so intelligent, that the machines won a war which left the world a desert, and humans their slaves. Most of the humans now live in pods, until they are harvested by the machines for energy. The rest live in \\"the matrix,\\" a virtual world created by the machines to delude the humans that they live in a gleaming, prosperous city -- actually, gleaming Sydney, Australia. (The movie is muddled as to whether or how some humans aren't living in pods. I've seen it twice, and still am not clear on this.)<br />The idea of \\"the matrix\\" as technological dream world, evokes Marxist guru Herbert Marcuse's 1964 book, One Dimensional Man. Marcuse couldn't explain how he was able to see through the technofog that deluded everyone else. The Wachowskis do a somewhat better job of explaining that part. They also take a page or two from Alice in Wonderland, The Planet of the Apes, 1984, and even Japanese comic books.<br />It is the \\"agents\\" who give the machines a \\"human\\" face. The agents look like feds - replete with ear pieces, sunglasses and interchangeable, nondescript suits - but they are machines; hence their superhuman power and speed. (The Wachowskis also throw in some \\"shape-shifting,\\" a trope from New Age/American Indian mythology, which was introduced in the movies in Thunderheart.) As \\"Agent Smith,\\" Aussie actor Hugo Weaving is a memorable heavy.<br />A hardy band of human freedom fighters traveling around in a rusty old \\"Mark III\\" ship and a circa-1965 Lincoln Continental (the Wachowskis have a soft spot for old Lincolns), in addition to those whom we don't see, back in the city of Zion at the earth's core, are humanity's last, best hope.<br />The picture alternates between didacticism and action. Most of the lessons are taught by \\"Morpheus\\" (Laurence Fishburne) who initially seems to be the savior, but who is actually he who will groom the Saviour, \\"The One.\\"<br />Enter \\"Neo\\" (Keanu Reeves), the hacker whose name is clearly an anagram of One, as in The. The movie hinges on whether Neo is The One.<br />The other main character, \\"Trinity\\" (Carrie-Ann Moss), is a passionate, butt-kicking female member of the rebel troupe.<BR>Perhaps the greatest accomplishment of The Matrix, is that within a set-up that could easily have deteriorated into New Age verbal diarrhea and emotionally empty technical effects, the movie makes you -- or at least, me -- care deeply about these people.<br />The cast does praiseworthy work, especially Fishburne, Moss, and in a brief but moving scene, Gloria Foster (\\"the Oracle\\"), a woman of a certain age who still looks great. The stars clearly do a lot of the fighting themselves. Note, too, the forty stunt men who risked their very real butts for your movie-going pleasure.<br />Now, let's consider the elements that get lost in the sights and sounds of viewing.<br />The movie suggests a Christ-like savior, but This One has little in common with Christianity's Messiah.<br />Keanu Reeves is no Gene Hackman. In fact, Hugo Weaving is more human, as a machine, than Reeves is as man's savior. As for fictional saviors, I much prefer Lance Henriksen's tortured, all-too-human \\"Frank Black\\" from the classic Chris Carter TV series, Millennium.<br />The science is terrible. Computers will never be able to initiate thought and action. And human beings cannotlearn physical skills without any physical practice.<br />Why is The Oracle fallible, and why does she quote the phrase \\"Know thyself\\" in Latin, instead of the original Greek?<br />As movie critic Steve Sailor pointed out, the movie perfectly matches Hollywood's notions of multiculturalism: The heavies are all pasty-faced white guys, while the good guys are a mix of blacks and whites.<br />All of the above issues must be compartmentalized while watching the movie, in order to enjoy it. (I know - I'm too literal-minded.)<br />Note that while kids usually love The Matrix, it's also not necessarily a good idea to watch it with very young ones. At its conclusion, my three-year-old started wacking away at me, in his best imitation of kung fu. And so, you might not want to show this to any of your children, prior to their thirtieth birthday.<br />The DVD is chock full of goodies. You can watch the movie with subtitles, in order to see how Don Davis' musical subtly carries it. Davis breaks in at times, with his own commentary. His score is a serendipitous mélange of styles - from classic thriller-style to punk rock - fashioned to match the unique mood of each scene.<br />Another feature lets you stop the movie, to view footage of the special effects that went into the scene being shown. The purist in me complains, \\"That's like a magician explaining how he does his tricks,\\" but the guy who at 18 wanted to become a movie director, says, \\"More! More! More! The more knowledge, the better!\\"<br />Yet another feature focuses on the Hong Kong-style kung fu training the cast endured for some six months, and the \\"bullet-time\\" special effects invented for the movie.<br />With this DVD you get your money's worth, and then some.
B00005A1PR|5.0|Without a shadow of a doubt, one of R&amp;B/Soul music brightest stars....her debut album \\"Acoustic Soul\\", is a frighteningly worthy first effort, which brings to mind such talents female neo-soul vocalists such as \\"Lauryn Hill\\" &amp; \\"Alicia Keys\\", yet her music isn't a faceless imitation of both these superlative females. India.Aire's music is a much more Sophisticated affair, with fantastic acoustic guitars &amp; slender strings compositions, fighting for equal billing on her quite frankly Diva-esque vocals. Her emphasis isn't about `Men bashing or hating', but more about forward thinking and expressing &amp; freeing the mind, with songs that are deeply personal introspection presented in a suitably organic way. (her album isn't as glossily produced as Lauryn Hill's or Alicia Keys albums, but her delicate mood feels far less Heavily produced, and far more natural). With lyrics that are sublime in their wording, such as when she call into question `A womans worth', by gracefully singing....\\"No!!..I don't wear any pantyhose.....but a womans worth isn't what she wears, but what she knows!!\\", based on what on display here!!, India.Aire's debut, has gained her Entry into the R&amp;B/Neo-soul elite.
B0000CABK8|3.0|Look, they go to release all ten movies and they don't even bother to go and beef up the other five.  That's reason why it gets 3 stars.  I believe that Paramount could have done better with this release and well being the trekkie that I am it won't be bought until its fixed.  But all in all hey at least they made an effort.
0312263120|2.0|Having read The Davinci Code and having been fascinated by the research, I wanted to read other works by this author. This is the first of his books, chronologically, and when it is compared to his other work, is found to be the most disappointing. The plot is most predictable and the excitement that exists at the beginning tends to wear thin. As his first published work, it is possible to see how much he has grown as a writer. Although the book is a rapid read, it pales in comparison to his other works.
B000000XB9|5.0|Im gonna have to agree with the other fella who said &quot;they could have fit 'Born on the Bayou' on this cd&quot; because i was sad to see it missing, but other than that, this has to be THE best album i own.  Im not some old guy raving about a band i got to see when i was a youngster, i AM a youngster (19) and i wish i could travel back in time to see them (CCR) play the hits on this album back in the day....if you buy only one cd, it should be this one.
0060531053|5.0|~As a typical homebrewer I enjoy reading as many books about the art as I can find.  I was a big fan of the 2nd E of this book.  That book got me started.  Unfortunately it did go out of date...  I am now happy to report that C.P. has done a great job updating his book.  It has new information on extracts, hops, yeast, the works.  Yet, the basic brewing technique is relatively unchanged.  Papazian's writing is easy to read and I enjoy the laid-back style.  The tables make more sense now (some~~ minor changes) and the recipes are also nicely revamped.  I recommend this book to anyone interested in getting started with homebrewing.~
B00000DGRX|5.0|MACHINE HEAD 25 ANNIVERSARY EDITON MACHINE HEAD. This CD is a classic I love to listen to it ever time im in the mood for Deep Purple. This CD covers hits like Space Truckin, also Smoke On The Water. It includes a second CD that has all the same songs only there outakes which is also very interesting to listen to. This CD includes a very cool booklet with the story of Smoke On The Water also the orginal Smoke On The Water lyrics in the booklet. Its a classic for any true classic rocker. This deserves a 5 out of 5 enjoy.
B0000508U6|5.0|Coldplay exploded onto the scene in 2000 with one of the most remarkable debut albums of the last few decades.  Parachutes grabs you from the very opening chords of 'Don't Panic', and you're immediately hooked.  Followed by 'Shiver' which is a dazzling and exhilarating tribute to relationship frustration.  Each track on this album is brilliant, from the most rocking moments in 'Shiver', to the melodic nature of 'High Speed', and the bittersweet tones of 'Everything's Not Lost'.  It is an album that will have you reeling in amazement, and you will find it difficult to remove from your cd player.  A definite must have.
B00008MZ0O|2.0|I liked this movie better when it had Keanu Reeves and was called 'Point Break'...<br />Now that I got that rip out of my system I can be a little more objective.  Not a bad movie, all the performances are well done and the action scenes are a lot of fun.  However, it's not exactly breaking any new ground either.<br />I'm really not sure I'd spring twenty bucks to buy a copy, but it's definitely something I'd make it a point to see at some point.
B000001GXJ|5.0|'Simon Boccanegra' is probably my favourite Verdi opera, aside from the incomparable Falstaff. The plot is convoluted, as usual, but it has many more serious overtones than Verdi's other librettos. No other great opera composer attempted to put a statesman on stage as an opera's principal character (unless you count Tito in Mozart's 'La Clemenza'), and Verdi succeeded brilliantly. The music is among the most beautiful, serious and finely crafted that Verdi ever wrote. What it lacks in overt, heart-on-the-sleeve passion it gains in intensity, sincerity and strength. Another reason for this work's greatness is the fact that Verdi revised the piece after he had become acquainted with Boito (librettist of 'Otello' and 'Falstaff') and thus reworked parts of the score before embarking on Otello, notably the monumental, riveting Act Two finale, which clearly foreshadows elements of 'Otello' in both its musical language, intensity and drama and which contains in its second half one of the most expressive, glorious ensembles Verdi penned for any work. Also listen out for the wonderfully dramatic, almost Shakespearian, use of the chorus in this scene, and throughout the work. I find the conclusion of the work particularly moving, with great solemn chords in the orchestra funereally sounding out under a tolling bell, evoking the steady swell of the Mediterranean at night. Outstanding!<br />Undoubtedly it's a great opera, and this recording is one of the best Verdi performances available. Freni conveys both beauty and passion through her dedicated reading. But then all the singers are wonderful, especially Ghiaurov and Carreras (in superlative form) but one singer holds the whole vocal performance together: Cappuccilli, perhaps the most impressive Simon on record since Tito Gobi. Abbado, predictably, conducts a wonderful studio performance recorded shortly after a successful stage production. Hence the entire enterprise gives the impression of a true theatrical experience. Thesound, while not as detailed or spacious as modern DDD perhaps, is good and clear, the balance between voice and orchestra being just about right. And the off-stage cries of the rioting plebeians in Act Two, getting nearer and nearer the Council Chamber, is incredibly well-produced and effective. The Scala orchestra has Verdi in its blood, and it shows. This recording is almost perfect in every conceivable way. Magnificent music, tremendous performances, a terrific story, superb conducting...why hesitate? It should be in every Verdian's collection. It's a work of maturity, intelligence and undoubted genius and receives a performance to match.
0385334206|5.0|Kurt Vonnegut has always been a very interesting writer. The pinnacle of his unpredictability was his 1973 novel, Breakfast of Champions. Vonnegut created two complex characters, Kilgore Trout and Dwanye Hoover. Kilgore Trout is an 'unknown' science fiction writer and Dwayne Hoover is a Midwest Pontiac dealer who uses Trout's book \\"Now It Can Be Told\\" as his inspiration for being a \\"homicidal maniac.\\" Despite the winding storyline, Vonnegut's personal philosophy creeps in about racism, sexism, jingoism and everything else wrong in American society. You have to read this book carefully and thoroughly or else it will fly over your head. It's an awesome book, perhaps one of his best novels.
B00003CXZ3|1.0|Contrary to popular belief, yes you do need to be a rocket scientist to figure out what the heck is going on.  In addition, it was a bore unlike the equally confusing Mullhulland Drive.
B00009V7T2|5.0|i cannot describe just how amazing this album is on paper. you would need to see my hand movements and my facial expressions to fully comprehend my emotions for this band. i strongly feel that this is the best example of a band making music for the love of it since no one. if the mars volta were interested in making money due to their musical abilities this band would never have formed. not to preach if i already haven't, the mars volta are the led zeppelin of our generation. though i don't think they will ever reach the level of popularity led zeppelin reached at their peak, i do think that, like led zeppelin, they will be listened to twenty years from now by kids and adults alike. they will bridge the musical generation gap between kids and adults just as led zeppelin are doing now. de-loused in the comatorium is a mandatory buy. it should be made unlawful to own a cd player without owning this album. de-loused plays like a massive song. 60 minutes of uninterrupted brilliance. every track flows into the next one, leaving you wondering if the track has changed. at certain moments, completely out of the blue, there will be a burst of music that can only be described as one thing: electric. the first time i listened to this album the hairs on the back of my neck stood up. enough of my ramblings on, either buy the album online or get off the computer and go to a store to buy it. de-loused in the comatorium is music gold.
B00004R99R|1.0|Much as I am a fan of cute little Disney movies such as this, I must say, this one stunk. They got so many things wrong that it was just sickening. Here is a list of some of the main wrong things:<BR>1) If this movie is about the Greek hero, why don't they CALL HIM BY HIS GREEK NAME? Yes, Hercules is his Roman name, and his Greek name is Heracles.<br />2) Just because his Greek name is Heracles, this does NOT mean he is the son of Hera. Heracles's mother is actually Princess Alcmena. <br />3) It was not Philoctetes the satyr who trained heroes like Odysseus, Jason, and Achilles, but Chiron the centaur. Philoctetes wasn't even a satyr to begin with. <br />4) When HERACLES is in that palace place, and he is being painted on that vase, he is wearing a lion's fur. That lion happens to be Scar, from the Lion King, and I suppose he was supposed to be the Nemean Lion. They look nothing alike!<br />5) In the scene where Pegasus is sort of falling in love with another winged horse (which happens to be Hades's minions Pain and Panic in disguise), it is PINK (gag!) with a heart on its butt, making it look very much like a My Little Pony. MY LITTLE PONIES DID NOT EXIST IN ANCIENT GREECE!<br />6) There are NINE muses, not five, and they are not supposed to sing gospel, which, as far as I know, did not exist in ancient Greece.<br />7) Pegasus the winged horse came from Medusa the Gorgon's severed neck. The movie just makes it look like he is born the normal way, or something.<br />There are just too many things wrong here to list. Honestly, this movie doesn't even deserve 1 star. I guess this movie is all right for advertising purposes, though, but it is so bad otherwise. So if anyone out there likes REAL Greek mythology, DON'T SEE THIS!! Leave it for 3-year-olds who like heroes like this.
0446310786|5.0|Harper Lee enthralls us all with the timeless classic, To Kill A Mockingbird, a memorable story of 2 children growing up in a small Southern town in Alabama.  The unforgetable characters, Jem and Scout Finch let readers experience the thrill of their heart racing adventures.<BR>           Jem and Scout experience the hatred and cruelty that the African Americans went through in the south after their father, Atticus Finch, is  asked to defend a black man in a serious black vs. white court case.  The urge to reveal the small town mystery man makes this novel a laugh-out-loud comedy.  After Jem and Scout's Aunt Alexandra comes to straighten out the Finch children, and turn them into a gentleman and a lady, rebellion becomes even more fun.<BR>         Adventurous, intriguing, and breathtaking, To Kill A Mockingbird won the Pulitzer prize soon after its 1960 release, and was later transformed into an Academy award winning film.  This tale thrills readers with excitement and adventure; it's a natural page-turner!
0385504209|5.0|I won't give a summary, since that has been done numerous times here, but would like to say that this book kept me fascinated the entire time I read it. The skill with which author Dan Brown compiled what must have been reams of historical data and integrated it into a fast-paced thriller is simply astounding.  Be sure to read with an open mind - it's a challenging read, as well as inspirational.  Excellent book and one I intend to read several times - simply so I can absorb all this book has to offer.
B00000G3Q4|1.0|This movie bleeds out every last drop of common sense to the point where it hurts.  Since when are giggling girls with heavy makeup scary?  Also, no matter what kind of movie you're making, you can't keep switching back and forth between genres.  The guy's running away from his zombie girlfriend one minute, then crying about her the next.  My God, I could do far better than this without even trying.
B000069AUI|5.0|Parachutes really changed my life.  It brought me a sound and vibe somewhere between my preferred Radiohead, and David Gray.  While I emotionally gravitate toward Radiohead, sometimes I find it too melancholy.  Coldplay seems a little more hopeful to me.  I have heard people call them a Radiohead rip-off and I am not sure I get the comparison between the two.  I get a totally different feeling from each.  I guess there are similar pace and chord changes and unique hooks to compare, but other than that the two stand on their own as beautiful and inspired genius.<br />I can't imagine anyone not liking this album and recommend it as either a first Coldplay experience or as a progressive follow on to Parachutes - enjoy!<br />Tim
6305841861|1.0|What was wrong with it?  What WASN'T wrong with it?!  Well, let's see...  Blood and gore don't make a movie good.  Hands don't stab people in mid-air.  Rotting corpses don't do ballet.  Household objects don't laugh at you.  People don't suddenly turn on each other for no reason.  Bullet wounds don't disappear after only a few minutes.  Pieces of paper don't scatter themselves all over the basement.  Scary ghosts aren't eager to help you out.  People tend to bleed after they dismember themselves.  Dead body parts don't make squeaky noises.  Having a little lightbulb smashed over your head doesn't render you unconscious.  People don't punch monsters with their fist when they have a chainsaw in the other hand.  Using &quot;big&quot; words in your movie doesn't make you any smarter...  The list goes on and on.  Whatever happened to common sense?!  I often wondered if this was meant to be a comedy rather than a horror, especially when the girl kept slamming the door on the guy she accidentally wounded.  *sigh*  You people frighten me.
B00006CXXU|5.0|Christina'a long awaited return was fully worth the wait.  She has moved away from other &quot;pop diva&quot; music and created an in your face album.  The girl has much more talent than the &quot;studio voice&quot; Britney, and now even writes her own material.  You won't be disappointed!!!
B0000844IT|4.0|This movie was the only one of the Evil Dead series that was actually good.  Why?  Because it didn't take itself seriously.  It seemed to realize that the first two were NOT scary, but stupid.  So, Army of Darkness treats itself for what the series really is: a comedy.
6305657947|5.0|Pierce Brosnan, when asked about this film, expressed the same feelings as can be found around the world.  Namely, he was tired of seeing the American cinema populated exclusive by teenagers. He wanted to make a sexy movie about adults for adults and in this he succeeded admirably. One gets the idea that all those involved really enjoyed making this film. <br />This is a rarity - an almost perfect film, especially with the sexy Rene Russo acting her heart out.  She is alternatively sexy, tempting, catty, sultry and tender - the dance scenes were some of the greatest (and hottest) ever shot.  Brosnan is the perfect rich playboy, a Bruce Wayne with a wry sense of humor and a touch of whimsy who can bare his soul only to his therapist (great cameo by Faye Dunaway).  Ironically the one woman to whom he is attracted is the one dedicated to his downfall.<br />Denis Leary's gritty everyman cop persona is the perfect foil to Brosnan's urbane sophistication. The many plot twists and almost perfect surprises are a source of continual delight from start to finish.  No big social message, no axe to grind - just the story of a rich thief and the investigator who fell for him.
B00005YW4H|5.0|i can review this cd with 1 word, &quot;beautiful&quot;
0446530573|5.0|This is the simplest, easy to follow cookbook I've ever seen- and it gives me results my family and friends rave about!
B00000K19E|5.0|Yes, this all the amazing things you heard about. This movie is nothing sort of amazing. Neo wakes up in a world where nothing is real, everythings fake. A woman meets him at a club and tells him to follw her, he does, and ends up meeting a warrior named Morpheous, who tells him about the world he lives in and about the truth, the machines control everything and a small group of people have awaken from there alternate reality, The Matrix, and that he is the chosen one that will save them from the machines...
B00004ZEQX|5.0|I really enjoyed this film a lot. I'd only seen one other Fulci film. That movie was really good, though i vaguely remember that parts of it made no sense. Still, i can't wait to own it on dvd. House By The Cemetery is a really good haunted house movie. Don't bother over-analyzing this movie. Just watch it with all the lights off like i did. The first thing i noticed was how incredibly great and effective the music was. The music that accompanies the opening credits and the scene immediately following that where the boy is looking at the photograph of the house is very beautiful.  That music reminded me of another memorable piece of music from the horror classic Phantasm. I love when horror movies use instrumental music instead of the current trend of using songs from current pop rock and heavy metal groups, which totally ruins things in my opinion. I love pop rock and heavy metal, but neither genre belongs in a horror movie because it just takes the scariness of the movie away totally. Horror movies should be about building atmosphere through music, not selling a current band's tunes.  I give the opening and closing credits music a five star rating. Secondly, the cinematography is excellent, and the director builds tension and suspense with good camera work and also the effective use of sound effects. The gore is fairly decent, and very excessive in several scenes, as it is with most Italian and Euro horror movies. A lot of people talk about the annoying kid in the movie. I thought he did a good job for a kid his age. They should have picked someone who looked more like a boy. I'm pretty sure his voice was dubbed, and they should have picked a better-sounding voice. Maybe it's the kid's voice that everyone finds annoying. All in all i really liked this movie a lot. It has some really great elements to it and i found it very stylish and effective. I'd definitely watch it again.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|I enjoyed the farcical comments about talented Justin Timberlake not getting any respect. Hoo, my sides still hurt from the giggling. Ok, the new CD, sure it sounds like Is This It got recycled, but I had no complaints with their first album. Julian's lyrics while still lacking profundity have gotten more clever (there's even a tennessee williams reference) and albert and Nick's guitar solos have gotten more blazing. An exciting aspect of the Strokes, is that you know every musician in the group is capable of playing more challenging pieces. It will be fun to watch them progress, and while I adore Radiohead, I'm glad the Strokes are still straying from computers as a means of creating.<BR>     Also, the album just makes sense. What Ever Happened? is one of the best and most obvious openers to a CD I've heard in some time, much better than the relatively weak title track from their aforementioned first album. The End has no End is also wonderful. I just saw them in concert, and they're just so polished whether live or recorded. Even if you're going to hate on the Strokes at least respect their work ethic and their respect for the craft. I love the album, and I can't wait to see where this group goes.
0671027344|3.0|The Perks of Being a Wallflower was a decent book, but I think it was kind of over rated by the other reviewers because it didn't change my outlook on life but it kept me entertained during the time I read it. Charlie was a good character because he is actually believable. Some of the things he does, and the things he deals with can be related to by normal teenagers. I like that this book is realistic as well as imaginative. I like the fact that the characters smoked and drank because i can relate to things like that and it seems realistic, and shows peoples flaws.
B00007L4MJ|5.0|To put it bluntly, unless you have seen this restored version of Metropolis, you have never seen Metropolis. Every other version on the US video market pales in comparison, a mere shadow of this glorious film.<br />The restoration of this film did about as much as could possibly be done to restore this film, and for the parts they had to work with, it looks pristine and new. It was very beautifully filmed, and the beauty of the original vision shines through this restored version with a clarity you might never have guessed at from seeing only the murky prints that have previously been available. I could tell, previously, that the film was made with great creativity and ambition, but never imagined the stunning success the creators had with implementing their vision with the technology of the day.<br />If you are a fan of science fiction, of art deco, or of Mertopolis in particular, I strongly recommend this video. It is a truly superb restoration of a truly superb film.
B0000AMRJC|5.0|The reason to buy this DVD is simple: one of the most influential films of the 20th century has finally been released in a newly restored, pristine transfer.  As an owner of the original DVD release, I can testify that the difference is like night and day.<br />With every viewing, I come to appreciate Brian DePalma's Scarface more and more.  Although not perfect, there is much more right with this film than wrong.  It helps to compare it with its countless imitations:  where most subsequent crime films rush headlong from one bloody gunfight to the next, Scarface takes its time.  Its languid, gliding camera has a certain elegance in the way it reveals story points without relying on clunky Dick-and-Jane dialog or overwrought MTV pyrotechnics.  A prime example is the infamous scene where Tony Montana (Al Pacino) attemps to buy two kilos of cocaine from some Coloumbians for his boss, Frank Lopez (Robert Loggia).  Watch the way the camera drifts from the Miami Beach hotel room, across a peaceful sun-drenched street, over to the car where Tony's associates are waiting for him, then slowly back up to the bathroom window, where the sound of the idling chainsaw grows louder.  Creepy. Insinuating. It's comparable to the best work of Hitchcock - a day-lit nightmare where the ordinary becomes sinister.  Watch closely as the Columbian dismembers Tony's friend limb by limb.  In spite of the scene's reputation, we never actually see what's happening.  Like the shower murder in Psycho, all the violence is implied - so strongly, in fact, that DePalma had to fight the MPAA in a well-publicized battle to keep Scarface from receiving an X rating.<br />It's interesting the way that the improved picture and sound seem to contribute to every aspect of the film.  Subtleties in Pacino's largely unsubtle performance become clear.  We can better see what he does with his face in those famously shadowy close-ups; the way he registers what he's thinking privately, even as he swaggers with exaggerated bravado.  Where once it seemed he was over-acting at times, it is now apparent that he was carefully playing his character's machismo against a darker undercurrent of great hunger - so intense that it defies articulation.  Tony Montana's great tragedy is his utter lack of self-knowlege.  Beneath the clouds of cordite and testosterone, he is so painfully needy that he will draw everyone around him into a decaying orbit of destruction.  He is a criminal, but he is not immoral.  He is a black hole of a man, a vacuous human being whose desires eclipse whatever soul that a life of deprivation and decay may have left him.  He acts without apology, or even much thought.  He's an animal in both the best and worst senses of the word.  The tragedy is not so much that he is killed at the end - he brings that on himself - it is that so many others, not least the addicts that buy his product, must suffer and die as well.  It's downright Shakespearean, but with (lots of) f-words in place of gilded Elizabethan speech.<br />Once you get past those 160-odd f-variants, Oliver Stone's screenplay begins to seem as thoughtful as it is blunt.  The language is harsh, but also truthful, with plenty of quotable lines (though you would not want to quote them in polite company).<br />The improved sound mix also brings into relief something that I had always looked upon as a liability of Scarface - the very \\"80's\\" music score, which had always seemed to me the newer equivalent of those ham-handed \\"jazz\\" scores from certain 50's melodramas like Man With the Golden Arm.  But now the music seems \\"dated\\" more in the way of an early James Bond score; it is appropriate to the era.  Were Scarface made now, it would still be a legitimate choice of styles.<br />The extras are thorough, though the \\"making of\\" documentary seems to be a longer version of the one from the original DVD release. There is also a documentary on Scarface's considerable influence on hip-hop music, but I smell  an Obviousaggerated bravado.  Where once it seemed he was over-acting at times, it is now apparent that he was carefully playing his character's machismo against a darker undercurrent of great hunger - so intense that it defies articulation.  Tony Montana's great tragedy is his utter lack of self-knowlege.  Beneath the clouds of cordite and testosterone, he is so painfully needy that he will draw everyone around him into a decaying orbit of destruction.  He is a criminal, but he is not immoral.  He is a black hole of a man, a vacuous human being whose desires eclipse whatever soul that a life of deprivation and decay may have left him.  He acts without apology, or even much thought.  He's an animal in both the best and worst senses of the word.  The tragedy is not so much that he is killed at the end - he brings that on himself - it is that so many others, not least the addicts that buy his product, must suffer and die as well.  It's downright Shakespearean, but with (lots of) f-words in place of gilded Elizabethan speech.<br />Once you get past those 160-odd f-variants, Oliver Stone's screenplay begins to seem as thoughtful as it is blunt.  The language is harsh, but also truthful, with plenty of quotable lines (though you would not want to quote them in polite company).<br />The improved sound mix also brings into relief something that I had always looked upon as a liability of Scarface - the very \\"80's\\" music score, which had always seemed to me the newer equivalent of those ham-handed \\"jazz\\" scores from certain 50's melodramas like Man With the Golden Arm.  But now the music seems \\"dated\\" more in the way of an early James Bond score; it is appropriate to the era.  Were Scarface made now, it would still be a legitimate choice of styles.<br />The extras are thorough, though the \\"making of\\" documentary seems to be a longer version of the one from the original DVD release. There is also a documentary on Scarface's considerable influence on hip-hop music, but I smell  an Obvious Plug for a CD of music \\"inspired\\" by the film. (The package insert proclaims that it's In Stores Now! from DefJam records.) <br />In any case, Scarface has finally received its due respect in a form that showcases the late John Alonso's brightly-hued, yet somehow gritty cinematography.  Alonso also photographed the sumptuous Chinatown.  This DVD is also a tribute to him - a master of light and shadow, whose old-fashioned, hard-lit chiaroscuro images contributed in no small way to Scarface's status as a modern classic.
B00005JKC3|1.0|Really awful beyond words.  The most annoying camera split shots, a painfully S L O W start, middle and end, a hairstyle on Jennifer Connelly that made me want to grab a pair of scissors and cut off that terrible bang on the right side of her face, what more can I say?  Except for a dozen minutes of fury in the 2 1/4 hour long film this is a huge waste.<br />Stay far, far away.
B00009TB5G|5.0|I recently read the Lord of the Rings and found it quite boring. However, I wouldn't of read that longwinded tripe if I didn't first see the films that which I thought were very entertaining cinema. I'm sure that there are a legion of you long winded over opinionated 30-somethings that would disagree, but I think for this generation, the film was a great piece of work...it had everything...adventure, romance, drama...all in a sweeping epic. The books droned on and on about a history that you supposed of had known and was mindboggling in depth and headache inducing. The films however were pure and prestine.
B0000VCZK2|5.0|List price: 99.98<BR>Release Date: Dec 2<BR>Info:<BR>*Alien can be watched in the original version or the new director's cut now playing in theaters.<br />* The 1986 sequel, Aliens, is available on DVD for the first time, with director James Cameron's special edition as well.<br />* Alien 3 (1992) has more than 30 minutes of new footage.<br />*Alien Resurrection (1997) has alternate opening and ending scenes.
0451167716|5.0|I loved this book. I read because a friend said it was a good book. I also read it because, I didn't understand the movie. This book has a lot of detail in it. This a great book, for anyone. But I would have little children read this book, because there is sex and violence. It is about the Corleone flamily. They are a New York Mafia family. It is mostly about the head of this family, Don Vito Corleone. He is dies and his son, Micheal becomes the godfather. The reason they are called 'Godfather' is because they are godfather to different people in there family. The movie were based on this book.
B0000AQS6R|5.0|One of the best movies of all time.  Chevy Chase and Randy Quaid make a timeless Christmas Classic.
B0000C9ZLD|4.0|The Strokes hit big with their follow up album to the heavily hyped first album &quot;This is It.&quot; In a time where bands are constantly trying to reinvent themselves The Strokes do exactly the opposite.  They realized that the sound that they had on their first cd was golden and that it did not need to be heavily altered in any way.  There sophomore album &quot;Room on Fire&quot; has been criticized as being &quot;This is It Part II&quot;, so to speak,  but I question, is that all that bad?  The solos and guitar work are much improved on this album as represented in songs such as &quot;Between Love and Hate&quot; and &quot;I Can't Win&quot;, and with songs such as, &quot;The Way it is&quot; and the first single &quot;12:51&quot;, The Strokes prove that they are hear to stay.
B000089RVR|4.0|Life For Rent is a good, moody, introspective piece of work from Dido. Her vocals still ring true and full and the lyrics and melodies are familiar and comforting. Another nice addition if you already own No Angel. It will be interesting to see what remixes come of this effort. Eminem, have you heard it yet?
B00006AUIG|3.0|Session 9 was of an odd sort. It seemed to be leading up to something much greater than what it was. Although slow, it was to build up the characters, and it did a very good job of keeping interest during that. I thought the sessions were quite creepy, and the movie itself I found in many parts suspencful. I enjoyed the movie untill the end, pointless violence was shown, along with an not exciting twist. I thought if the climax was a bit more shocking of somesort the movie would have been pulled together better.
0446530891|2.0|I was very disappointed with theis book. I read the cover and inside &amp; thought it sounded like it would keep my interest. I couldn't wait to finish only to get it over with because it was boring. Those that thought it was so good should read books by Harlan Cohen. He is an author and you can't put his books down.
B0000AXE8I|1.0|This movie is the equivalent of an action/violence porn.  This second installment in the Matrix trilogy only barely advances the storyline.  It acts more as a showcase for the directors' love for special effects and totally denies the reality that what made the first movie great was the plot.  Don't waste your money on this one.
0446310786|1.0|seriouly bad. there is no main plot, its just short stories all stuck toghether, the characters are unbelivible, the writing is boring. i had to read it in english, and found it so boring. the main story about the trial, finishes half way through the book so after that its just little boring stories about scout and jem. not a good book, nothing happens interesting.
0920668372|1.0|If you want a book you can read to your child, don't buy this book.  Don't share this with your mother either.  I left it by accident in the room that my mother sleeps in when she visits, and she asked why I left her such a depressing, creepy book.  It certainly depicts a strange relationship between mother and child.  Who wants to discuss death at bedtime to a child?  Yuck.
0380789035|3.0|I thought Mr. Gaiman's writing was very competent, but as others have said, the pacing is pretty slow and the characters are not very deep. I didn't connect with the protagonist, but the character of Wednesday was worth reading about. I also agree that the absence of representation from modern organized religions seemed like an omissions, but of course the American Gods in the novel are important ones: Media, Money, the Internet. I have a feeling a short story could have told the tale of the conflict, and that the short story was stretched across America's roads, mostly stopping off on out-of-the way small towns and points of interest.<br />Read if you are a fan of Gaiman, borrow if the premise sounds interesting.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|What can I say except that 2003 has been one good year for Disney? First &quot;Finding Nemo,&quot; now this-wow is all I can say. They must really be raking in the bucks over there...anyway, this is a great soundtrack. I love the &quot;Will and Elizabeth&quot; theme, it's just completely breathtaking. And I'm a Cirque du Soleil girl, so I know what I'm talking about. Also, the &quot;He's a Pirate&quot; theme is totally great!!! I am so loving this CD and I'm incredibly happy that I bought it. For lovers of the movie everywhere and the world over, this is something you can enjoy while waiting for the DVD-and even when you have that, to listen to if you don't have the 2 1/2 hours you need to watch the movie.<BR>Enjoy!
B000002G6J|5.0|This is an absolute masterpiece! It proves once again that Antonio Carlos Jobim was a genious in his own right. This is strickly an instrumental CD, with vocals on only one song, however the arrangments are beautiful. This is a MUST HAVE for any bossa nova fan!
076790592X|5.0|Tuesday's With Morrie is a book that carries a wonderful message.  I liked this book because it gives an excellent message about love and who we are.  I think that no matter who is reading this, regardless of age of gender, this true story tells us what love is and why it is important.<br />I found it hard to find anything in this book that i could give a poor review.  Tuesday's With Morrie is well written and the story flows along very nicely, making the book and fun and very easy read.<br />This book tells of an older man who is dying.  while on his death bed, he mentors a younger man on the meaning of life.  The lesson taught is a great one which defines love as the most important thing in the world today.  As Morrie says in the book, &quot;Love each other or die!&quot;<br />To conclude, I would recommend Tuesday's With Morrie to everyone, those who love to read, and those who don't.  This is a good book
0385504209|4.0|Taking the research and ground work done in the non-fiction book<br />Holy Blood - Holy Grail by Michael Baigent, Henry Lincoln, and Richard Leigh; Dan Brown weaves a wonderful murder mystery and fine novelization of the facts uncovered in this earlier work. Read The DaVinci Code, and then read Holy Blood, Holy Grail, to see where it all started.
0553277472|3.0|Robert Pirsig decided to discuss the nature of everything.  In his book, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance, he talks about many things.  The book is an &quot;inquiry into values, as indicated by the cover.  This book does give a good in-depth look at values.  I thought this was an interesting book.  I found the philosophy interesting and the method in which he chose to display it somewhat entertaining.  <br />In this book a reader will find a great deal of ancient greek philosophy.  If you aren't familiar with ancient greek philosophy, that is okay, because he explains it for you.  In fact he explains it several times.  I believe that is really the only reason that this book's rating is lower.  If Pirsig were to cut back on the amount rambling and redundant topics, this book would for sure be a four or five star book.<br />While i criticize Pirsig's way of writing, the topic of values is a tough issue to tackle.  I think that Pirsig did a great job to show how he thinks of values.  The relationship of Chris and Pirsig in the book gives us a way to look at two people, and how values affect them.  <br />To conclude, this book is a great book for someone who wants to think.  I think that Pirsig's long speeches and thoughts in the book would make this book very difficult for a young reader.  Also, the magnitude of what is being said would be hard for a younger reader to understand.  This book does however have a good message about values, the trick is just getting through Pirsig's way of writing so that you can find this book. An interesting yet difficult book.
B00006LLNU|5.0|I purchased this album before Agaetis Byrjun, and I have to say I didn't like it at first.  It seemed so drab, boring and uninspired.  Even with me feeling this way at the time, they still interested me and compelled me to check out Agaetis Byrjun which I immediately loved.  I loved it so much it was all I listened to for about a month.  After that amount of time with a record, one tends to get a bit bored of it, and I did slightly get bored of it but in a way that I wanted more.  Oh wait! I realized I had purchased ( ) about four months before and had almost forgot about it.  I went into it cautiously because of my previous experience with it, but listened with my newly trained ears.  It started to grow on me, and I started interchanging my listening choices between ( ) and Agaetis Byrjun pretty evenly.  One day I was listening to them back to back and all of the energy from Agaetis Byrjun got sucked away and was thrown into ( ).  I couldn't believe how much better ( ) was getting with each listen!  It has been about four months since that happened, and ( ) shows no sign of losing any of its subtle (and sometimes not) intensity.  I really have no way of describing what happened because I don't quite understand it myself.  All I know is ( ) towers over all of the other cds I own in terms of quality, emotion and creativity.  Don't buy this album because I love it, buy it so you can begin your own relationship and journey with this cd. You shouldn't be dissapointed!
0385504209|3.0|This book was definitely an exciting read, but I have to question many of the author's theories. I also felt that the characters were pretty one-dimensional and even unbelievable at times. The plot device of finding each clue and solving it got a little bit tedious at times. However, it was a quick and fun read.
B000001EL3|5.0|Kiss didn't become a worldwide phenomenon until the release of Love Gun in 1977, but it all started here. Mark this album as the bonafide alchemy of a band on the hot edge of stardom... the earlier albums are necessities but not before one's ears soak in this conceptual orgasmatron of death, decay and anthemic teenage uplift. Thank producer Bob Ezrin - and his lengthy tenure with Pink Floyd and Alice Cooper - for that. Ezrin took Kiss' rough pop/rock ideas and retuned them into a thousand watt art rock album, which, like the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper, appeared to be a cohesive story but was in reality just a collection of songs, sewn together with a sword of sound effects, bombast and echo.<BR>Things kick off with Gene Simmons' lending his hellacious pipes as a radio announcer, reading the news to a fan milling about their kitchen. The irony, as listeners soon discover, is the lead story is about the doomed chap clattering his dishes... strange concept, but it worked wonderfully as a dovetail for Detroit Rock City; a stomping rock anthem with perhaps one of Kiss' most morbid lyrics - a fan gets in his car and dies in a head-on accident while humming along to Rock and Roll All Nite on the radio. <BR>But out of the mangled flesh and twisted metal comes Paul Stanley, the King of the Night Time World... presumably the previously mentioned accident victim, now resurrected as the night king roaming the darkness with his headlight queen. It's an uplifting bit of affirmation accentuated with Peter Criss' drum rolls and Ace Frehley's high-pitched fret work. Listeners then sink back in to the gloom with Gene's rejigged God of Thunder - originally an uptempo Paul ditty with different lyrics (no virgin souls were robbed, as an example) - done over as a stomping, mock-menacing effectorama littered with guitar feedback, children's voices and crackling demonics. Simmons realized God of Thunder as the perfect vehicle for his concert theatrics and the number has stuck for decades, the point where audience members are witness to blood-spewing, bass riffed mayhem mid-show. Therein follows a rather lame acoustic rumination - Great Expectations - in which Simmons spits out a double entrende deliberation on the thoughts of female fans in the audience. Aspiring groupies might well have listened closely to Gene's diatribe - it came as close to telling the real story of the band as anything they wrote during their career. Despite it's obvious faults, the tune boasts a rising chorus, plushed up with a falsetto orchestra of singers - an earlier indication the band's music was perfectly suited to symphonic fat - which carries us out of side one. Side two opens with Flaming Youth - one of the best teenage anthems Kiss wrote - an affirmation of youth with a fist-pumping chorus, bouncy rhythm and way off in the background, beyond Ace's massively-echoed guitar work, a pipe organ run which added a delightful sense of carnival to the proceedings. Herein the album loses its coherence as a cohesive effort - not unlike Pepper - as if the band and producer gave up trying to keep the resurrected teen/night king/god of thunder in subject matter. Sweet Pain comes across as a rousing '70s metal monster, thanks largely to the same formula employed on King of the Night Time World, though it stands as little more than another one of Simmon's sex fantasy escapades. Then, like a bolt of lightning out of the sky, comes Shout It Out Loud - a fully-affirmed singalong anthem for disaffected teens across North America and which deservedly replaced Rock and Roll All Nite as the concert-closer for a good many years.<BR>Peter Criss then steps to the front for the piano and string-addled balled Beth - as shameless and pointless a piece of palsied AM trash as Kiss ever released. That the song helped boost the band up out of the cult mire and into the first large step of their ascendancy does nothing to improve this song's base hypocrisy and appalling sentimentalism. Better Do You Love Me- another rumination on the band's off-stage and out-of-studio lifestyle - this one courtesy of Paul. It's a thundering, shuddering display of insecurity in the face of stardom and it works wonderfully, though hardly as a continuation of the Destroyer theme set out on side one. The album ends with the same kind of garbled, overlayered outro as Pepper, though as fans might confess, the one minute outro - a stew of stitchery replete with Paul's audience callouts from the Alive album and the choralized chorus from Great Expections, is a perfect closer. And that was it. For fans who soaked this up in 1976, the next step was heading out to the local concert hall to see it all done in concert. And what a show it was... Kiss didn't become the biggest draw of the '70s on subtlety. So start here....
B00005RDRO|5.0|If you have a sense of humor, you can't go wrong here. I have re-watched this movie several times, it's a classic to me!
0553583182|5.0|This is one of the greatest books ever written.  I have been using the methods for 20 years and have bought this book for many people.  I recently read Optimal Thinking:--How To Be Your Best Self and I have to tell you that it is the next step past positive thinking.  Train your mind with Optimal Thinking and you won't have to settle for second best!
B000002B30|4.0|I think everybody knows that there's as much missing here, as is included. But it is just one disc, and does a decent job despite that. This could have been better had it just dropped the new songs, for maybe &quot;Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out&quot;, &quot;I'm On Fire&quot;, &quot;Tunnel Of Love&quot;, and if I really had my way &quot;Pink Cadillac&quot;. Not that the newer songs are bad, they're just not &quot;Greatest Hits&quot;. Of what's here though, it's all classic &quot;Bruce&quot;, and should be fine for the casual fan. For those more than casual fans, there's the new &quot;Essential Springsteen&quot; collection with twice as many songs, but still not quite perfect. Either collection you choose will go great with your &quot;John Mellencamp&quot; and &quot;Tom Petty&quot; cd's.
B00008H2LB|5.0|First of all, Linkin Park is my faviorite band. But this CD rocks on it's own, without Hybrid Theory. All the songs are fresh...you wont have to skip any songs. It's simply innovative and new, I love it!
B000056VJ7|4.0|I'm sure every reviewer here first said &quot;Wow, where do I start?&quot; This is just an amazing record. Every song here goes for epic, and to call &quot;Bat Out Of Hell&quot; dramatic, might be the understatement of the decade. It's kinda like a musical, as far as the songs go, which makes sense I guess. It does seem to follow one theme. Only &quot;Meat Loaf&quot; could have pulled this off. You can hear him put everything he possibly can into each song. Almost every track here is classic, but none more than &quot;Paradise By The Dashboard Light&quot;. If you don't know that song, you're missing out. It'll take you right back to being 17, in the best way. Overall, This is one of a kind, and if you're not a big &quot;Meat Loaf&quot; fan now, you will be after this.
0064407667|5.0|the series of unfortunate events is the best series!  I love the adventure and mystery of the series.  i recomend this book to fun adventure lovers!
B000002MG1|3.0|I don't mind this album - it does have some really good songs on it (Drive, Everybody Hurts, Nightswimming) but there is a lot of filler (e.g. Ignoreland, Monty Got a Raw Deal, etc). It doesn't stand up well when compared to the real R.E.M. masterpieces (Out of Time, Monster, New Adventures in HiFi). If you want to try out some R.E.M., I'd recommend one of the others before this one. It's good, but there is better.
B00005JKC3|3.0|Good adaptation of the comic series that does too much too soon, and put too much of a story to make anyone feel turn off. Eric Bana makes a fine Bruce Banner And Jennifer Connelly makes a fine Betty but the movie does too much too soon with its plot and its characters. There is enough plot in here to make three movies, and not enough of the Hulk himself. This is one of those rare occasions that a sequel would be necessary because it at the very least a sequel would have continue the story and make the plot progression much better than having one movie that puts too much in the story too soon.
B000002LOE|5.0|When I first got this back in '91 I would just put it on repeat and listen to it for hours on end. It's amazing, and light years ahead of their follow-up Automatic for the People. Admittedly, you have to skip Shiny Happy People, but apart from that it is simply superb.
B000002UW1|5.0|It's really a damned shame that EMI has priced the DVD-Audio version of R.E.M.'s  &quot;Document&quot; so high and done NOTHING to promote the format, because the sound is awesome! There is so much going on in the mix that you cannot hear in the stereo, lots of wonderful backing vocals, ecclectic percussion and interweaving guitar lines--and Bill Berry's drum sound is killer in surround 5.1 Dolby! Add to that Steve Berlin's great sax playing and you've got something very special indeed.<br />Hearing this version made me re-evaluate this album, which I used to rate as good but not great. It IS great, and full of sonic experimentation that begs to be heard. Shame on you, EMI marketing department, get up off your collective posteriors, slash the price and get the word out!
B000002MU3|5.0|When I first heard this I thought 'what the?' It just all sounded like a mess of distorted guitars! But after a few listens, the melodies and rhythms came through and it wasn't long before I was declaring this to be R.E.M.'s best ever. It's their strongest songwriting and contains some of their best hooks. It's also probably their most 'emotional' album, especially 'Let Me In', written about Kurt Cobain's suicide. IMO, the only weak song is I Took Your Name (and perhaps King of Comedy). The others are all gems. Give it a few listens - you will not regret it.
0316666343|4.0|We have all lost somebody near and dear to us. This book lightens the load of sadness to a certain degree when we are left to contend with our loss. I thought it was a lovely story though very sad in places it was also filled with love, fun and memories of life. The book provides a lovely way of looking at death and the loss we feel - a fantasy that you may wish to hold close. It is an easy to read book that will certainly not depress you but make you feel like you have just had a breath of fresh air come into your life.
B00005A46T|1.0|When this album first came out I was pretty skeptical about whether to get it or not. I'm always looking for different kinds of metal to listen to. I figured i'd give IOWA a shot. MAN DOES IT (...)! IT'S ABSOLUTLEY HORRIBLE!. Non talented nu metal. I don't even know why nu metal has the word metal in it. (...) bands like Poison or motley crue are more metal than slipknot. Give me a break. Slipknot needs 9 members to make it sound like they have 4 guys playing, thats how untalented they are. man I was upset after I had wasted my money on this CD. If you wanna hear REAL METAL listen to Death, Obituary, Slayer, Overkill, and so on..(...)
B0000797IO|1.0|This is a thouroughly dissapointing movie. The plot is driven by deus ex machina, and in moments of crisis the characters do not stay true to themselves. I could not empathise with Jennifer Aniston's character who unforgivably brings about misery into the lives of many people. Sure, that could have worked, but why is it that in the first few scenes Aniston's primary concern is the damage she will cause her husband, yet she is able to have a complete change of heart by the finale (I won't spoil it!). The support cast are entertaining, but nonetheless limited to the stereotypes the writer chose to play them as. The problem with this was the 'suburban misery' lacked any insight, and I for one failed to care. The choice to use voice over was explainatory - i.e. &quot;Oh, I am so miserable in this hick bible bashin' town&quot; - and utterly depressing to think that someone would CHOOSE to stay so miserable. This is a poor attempt at minimalism, it was patronising, poorly told and lacked insight. Jake Gyllenhaal was especially disappointing to be playing the same character type from Donnie Darko, all over again. He is a good actor who could go along way if given the chance - The Good Girl offers nonesuch oppurtunity. &quot;Leaving Las Vegas&quot; does what &quot;The Good Girl&quot; strives for, far more effectively if a downer is your cup of tea.
B000002G87|4.0|It should be known that I think Eric Clapton is one of the most overrated guitarists in existence. He's good, his playing is clean and consistent, but he's hardly \\"God\\" or anything ridiculous like that. It's pretty telling that for the most part Clapton hasn't come up with much worth listening to after this 1970 album.<br />However, after coming up a tight, cohesive collection of blues rock with this fine one-shot, I bet ol' Eric doesn't feel that he needs to prove much. His guitar (both slide and lead) work on Layla And Other Assorted Love Songs, a record dedicated to his secret love of George Harrison's wife, is probably the best he's ever laid down.<br />However, the real news is the rest of this fine collaboration. You have multi-instrumentalist and fine vocalist Bobby Whitlock and the talented rhythm team of Jim Gordon and Carl Radle. Finally, you have the almighty Duane Allman on second guitar. If there was a blues guitarist to rival Hendrix, Zappa, Vaughn, Page, and the like it would be Duane Allman. His skilled playing upstages Clapton throughout the record, and also prods him into working even harder. While Clapton may be the leader of this exceptional band, Allman is the show-stopper. Without him and Whitlock, Layla would never get off the ground.<br />As far as the record is concerned, it's very consistent from top to bottom. I can't single out anything as filler, and the lyrics are very heartfelt. Eric's vocals are decent here, though kinda bland. Whitlock's soulful backing definitely helps out here.  Duane is transcendent as he plays some of the finest guitar lines here, including the famous 8-note opening of Layla. The best songs here are the opening I Looked Away, the fun Keep On Growing, the classic ballad Bell Bottom Blues, and a cover of Hendrix's Little Wing. While it doesn't top the pyrotechnic beauty of the original in my estimation, it's still damn fine.<br />And then we come to the title track. This song deserves its own paragraph. Scorching guitar, Clapton's best-ever vocal performance, and a gorgeous piano instrumental all conspire to make this one of the best songs EVER. The only drawback is that it makes the beautiful Whitlock-performed closer Thorn Tree In The Garden, a fine song in its own right, feel completely anticlimactic.<br />In my opinion, Layla And Other Assorted Love Songs is the best Clapton release and a must-have classic recording. It's not quite on the level of blues rock masterpieces such as Led Zeppelin's II or the Allman Brothers' Live At The Filmore East, but it's up there.ng guitar, Clapton's best-ever vocal performance, and a gorgeous piano instrumental all conspire to make this one of the best songs EVER. The only drawback is that it makes the beautiful Whitlock-performed closer Thorn Tree In The Garden, a fine song in its own right, feel completely anticlimactic.           <br />In my opinion, Layla And Other Assorted Love Songs is the best Clapton release and a must-have classic recording. It's not quite on the level of blues rock masterpieces such as Led Zeppelin's II or the Allman Brothers' Live At The Filmore East, but it's up there.
B00005JMFR|3.0|I saw the film in Chicago this Saturday (11/1) at the Imax. Because it has not yet opened, I don't want to give any spoilers. Fans may be nervous the first 40 minutes or so because it is pretty slow-moving and talky (except for one cool gun fight), but they will leave the theater satisfied- guaranteed.   Characters are wooden, there is zero humor (which was needed), there are some big plot holes and overall the film is very confusing (everyone will want to see it again to understand it).  HOWEVER, the special effects and action are mind-blowing the last half of the movie.  I was definitely on the edge of my seat and applauded loudly at the end.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|At The Drive-In has to be among the most unique and hard-to-pigeonhole bands of the 90's. They are too melodic and adventurous for hardcore (even though their level of intensity is close to bands like The Refused), and although they are frequently lumped in as part of the emo genre, there is nothing explicitly &quot;emo&quot; about ATDI--no whiny vocals, no middle school-level poetry about lost girlfriends, and no fake irritating screams that are supposed to evoke &quot;emotion.&quot; Relationship Of Command, the band's third and final album, is filled with fast tempos, relentlessly pounding rhythms, dense collages of dissonant sound, killer choruses, and bizarre lyrics with some sort of underlying political meaning--this is 100% ATDI, and nothing else.<br />This is hands-down one of the most energetic and explosive albums I own. Afro-headed vocalist Cedric Bixler's high vocals are barked/screamed with a force that few can manage, Omar Rodriguez and Jim Ward's guitars lead the assault, and the talented rhythm section hammers it home. Although at first Relationship Of Command may sound like noise, there is a lot of depth beneath the seeming anarchy, and each listen reveals sounds (pianos, melodica, sythesizers, odd effects) that were not heard before. This album is a real grower.<br />If I haven't made it clear by now every track, from the killer opener Arcanarsenal to the spooky end of Non-Zero Possibility, absolutely rules. Faves include the near-hit One Armed Scissor, the ultra-catchy Enfilade, the brutal Cosmonaut, and Invalid Letter Dept. which contains perhaps the most haunting lyric in the whole thing (&quot;They made sure all the obituaries showed pictures of smoke stacks..&quot;).<br />It's a crying shame that ATDI broke up after releasing this album, but on the other hand I think they would've had a helluva time trying to top this release. Don't fret, however. Cedric and Omar (the truly brilliant members of this band) went on to form the equally unique Mars Volta. Definitely check out Deloused In The Comatorium along with Relationship Of Command. In any case, everyone with a working set of eardrums owes it to themselves to get this record.ars Volta. Definitely check out Deloused In The Comatorium along with Relationship Of Command. In any case, everyone with a working set of eardrums owes it to themselves to get this record.
B00005O3VC|5.0|I saw this movie at the theatre when it was first released, then bought it on VHS years later, then requested and received it as a gift on DVD later still.  I kid you not, but this movie and Casablanca are my two favorites of all time.  The only down side is that the movie ended too soon (with Arthur, Galahad, etc. being arrested by Bobbies).  If you don't like this movie there is something terribly wrong with you and you should seek counseling immediately.  It is, without question, the funniest movie of all time.  My favorite scene is the Castle Anthrax scene, but then, anyone who knows me knows why.
B000000H57|5.0|From the day I was introduced to this band by my cousin, I fell in love with them. It's like a collection of all the possible human emotions put into music, sweet, sweet music. There isn't one bad song, this album is the singular most perfect thing on Earth! Songs like \\"Die With Me\\", \\"Wolf Moon\\" and the catchy tongue in cheek single \\"My Girlfriend's Girlfriend\\" are filled with Melodies that stick in your head and make you want to run upstairs and listen to them right now, while the epic and aptly titled \\"Haunted\\" almost makes you cry listening to it, its so beautiful and melodic. Also Check out the upbeat (for Type O) pace and infectious melody of \\"Be My Druidess\\" which tells the tale of a romping session in the woods at some pagan function or other. Wicked...\\"Burnt Flowers fallen\\" has something like 4 lines in it, but so what, you never notice cos it just takes hold of you. My girlfriend and I ...love listening to \\"Love You to Death\\"..., as it is probably, the BEST AND MOST PERFECT song ever. If God himself had ever written a song, it would go something like this.<BR>All that's left to say is, Buy all Type O Negatives albums,...[and] play them religiously...BR> Good Night and Party on<BR>Some Metal Nerd, England
B000092ZYX|4.0|can spark all this.  This album transcends its title, its cover, and any partisan politics that have tainted some of these reviews.  One of the earliest things I learned, and that many people reviewing this album have forgotten, is that one should not judge a book by its cover.  Judge this album on the music it contains, not the message that some people perceive.  <br />Hail to the Thief synthesizes the best things Radiohead has going for themselves and squeezes them out in 50 minutes of bliss.  From the instant &quot;2+2=5&quot; picks up and gets rocking there is no question that this album will not be a typical trip down Radiohead Lane, but is there really such a thing?  They've taken the grimy New Orleans jaunt feel of &quot;Living In A Glass House&quot; and updated it into the delightfully morbid &quot;We Suck Young Blood&quot;, the techno drive of &quot;Idioteque&quot; and created &quot;The Gloaming.&quot;<br />If Thom's howling outburst at the seminal moment of &quot;Backdrifts&quot; does not convince you of the urgency of this album, nothing will.
0385504209|1.0|The Da Vinci Code blurs the lines between fiction and fact - in a way that comes across to me as deceptive, false and willfully misleading - such that many readers actually believe the book exposes the truth about \\"the Church.\\"  And many more wonder what is true and what is \\"fiction.\\"  As a parish priest, I have spoken with countless confused people - who have read the book, and simply don't know what to make of the supposedly factual remarks by the book's \\"scholarly\\" characters.<br />I like historical fiction - James Michener, Ken Follett, and Umberto Eco are favorites of mine.  By different degrees of creative brilliance, Michener, Follett and Eco have each written books which merge bible or church history with legend and their own invention.  Michener and Follett are known for a high degree of factual content in their novels,  and Umberto Eco is himself a university academic.<br />Eco is handy for a comparison with Dan Brown.  At least three of Eco's books - Name of the Rose, Foucault's Pendulum and Baudolino -- involve an intellectually challenging and delighting blend of invention and historical fact concerning the Church.  Eco himself is rather like the real-life version of Dan Brown's Robert Langdon character.  The Robert Langdon character in Angels and Demons and Da Vinci Code is a professor of the fictional discipline called \\"symbology\\" - Umberto Eco is a professor of the real-life academic discipline called semiotics.  Eco is an agnostic - with no Christian agenda at all.  Meanwhile, author Dan Brown appears to have an explicitly anti-Christian sensibility.  As well, Eco often writes fantastic stories involving the Church, the Knights Templar, Post Modern philosophy, etc.  Sort of like Brown.<br />But the difference between the two appears to be this: Eco doesn't make claims of fact which anybody with a basic church history text and a Bible dictionary can demolish in under five minutes.  Brown does.  Moreover, it seems that Brown mixes fact with open fraud.  Yet, Brown could have written pretty much the same book, without making up a single historical fact.  He could have criticized historic Christianity, taken up the cause of women, and triumphed the place of the \\"sacred feminine\\" within the factual context of real Church history.  He likewise could have retold the same Holy Grail stuff - with little or no need to invent anything outside of the now vast canon of established Grail Lore.<br />Now, I basically enjoyed the Da Vinci Code, except for those times when I saw an outright factual lie and felt my blood pressure go up.  And I will never have time to address every single error made by The Da Vinci Code, but I hope to address the things, which drove me the most nuts.<br />Most important, perhaps, I address the themes raised by the book, which are of great importance for Modern Christians.  Most important of these are: where is the feminine side of Biblical theology and our understanding of the divine; what roles did women have in the early church of the first two or three generations; how did the early church grapple with gnosticism, the creation of the canon of Scripture, and the eventual rise of \\"imperial Christianity...raud.  Yet, Brown could have written pretty much the same book, without making up a single historical fact.  He could have criticized historic Christianity, taken up the cause of women, and triumphed the place of the \\"sacred feminine\\" within the factual context of real Church history.  He likewise could have retold the same Holy Grail stuff - with little or no need to invent anything outside of the now vast canon of established Grail Lore.<br />Now, I basically enjoyed the Da Vinci Code, except for those times when I saw an outright factual lie and felt my blood pressure go up.  And I will never have time to address every single error made by The Da Vinci Code, but I hope to address the things, which drove me the most nuts.<br />Most important, perhaps, I address the themes raised by the book, which are of great importance for Modern Christians.  Most important of these are: where is the feminine side of Biblical theology and our understanding of the divine; what roles did women have in the early church of the first two or three generations; how did the early church grapple with gnosticism, the creation of the canon of Scripture, and the eventual rise of \\"imperial Christianity...
B0000509C3|5.0|I enjoyed this movie cause i like Horror movies with kids in them. The movie starts out with your ordinary Sunday morning Church service. Everyone in the town is going to the local cafe for an after-Church service dinner get together. Well, everyone is having a good time untill the kids show up and come into the dinner. They stand around till thier 9-year old leader come to window and gives them  a signal. They kill all the adults. Then the movie comes back to present day and shows 3 kids helping thier sibling try to escape. The kid runs through the corn field, but Malachi gets him and slits his throat and throws him out into the road where this couple hit him. They ride into Gatlin and find there is no one there except kids. They find a little girl names Sarah who tells them whats all going on till the kids show up and take the wife away to sacrafice to \\"he who walks behind the rows\\" Thier leader is Issac. He tells all th ekids they need to get rid of all the adults...and they listen. Soon, her husband finds her in the corn field where the final showcase is and saves her and they rescue Sarah and her older brother Job they are the 2 kids that tried to help thier sibling escape)   Its a pretty freaky movie. When the kids turn 19, they get a knife and engrave the star of the devil thing on thier chest and pass around the little blood dish to the other kids and give thierselves up to \\"he who walks behind the rows\\" good movie though, the storey stinked though in \\"Night Shift\\".
B00005JM1Y|2.0|The only possible excuse I could come up for having watched this movie was my sporadic respect for the ham Rowan Atkinson. And he of course has good comic timing. It's just the material that doesn't have much of the comic about it. Every joke is predictable, from the pen to the ejector seat.<br />Apart from a painfully predictable plot, the supposed humor in this attempted spy movie spoof has a surreal, numbing quality -- the kind that you could watch to cure insomnia (or jetlag, as in my case.)<br />Not to mention a complete lack of layers. Johnny, hopeless at everything, manages some spectacular driving. Why not have something ACTUALLY spoofy, like him fighting with his shoelace and accidentally become a driving ace?<br />Instead we have to put up with the endlessly one-dimensional Johnny actively 'covering' himself, clueless but cunning ala Mr Bean (and NOT working.) We only get more and more redundant situations where Johnny has driven up the wrong path, again borrowing without success from the hapless Mr Bean.<br />And don't even get me started on the poor John Malkovich, whom I adore in general, but copiously sympathize with for his own situation of perpetual flummox in this film -- let's face it, he is no Dr. Evil.<br />I'd stick with an Austin Powers for my dietary requirements of spoof for now.
B0000AFX64|2.0|I love the fact they have finally re-released bsg on dvd again long time coming for us who have widescreens. However anyone hoping to get an anamorphic widescreen presentation of this film well we will have to continue to wait as they have decided not to release it in this fantastic format WHY????? Don't get me wrong I'm still very happy to own this title it's a classic but it is still a huge dissapointment. Amazon has it listed as anamorphic widescreen BEWARE it is an error unfortunetly.
B00005JMJ5|4.0|Benton (of \\"Kramer vs. Kramer\\" or \\"Places in the Heart\\" acclaim) has always made movies with themes on the subtlest emotional vectors.<br />If you've read the marvellous but somewhat un-adaptable book by the same name (Phillip Roth's \\"The Human Stain\\") you'll know what I am talking about and in that case, watch the movie without any expectations of seeing a loyal adaptation because this isn't.<br />If you are not familiar with Roth's book, the movie's spinal theme may be racial prejudice, but it is really the story of a man deciding, late in life, to love the unknown what is beyond books, pride, even self. To learn that lesson is to turn a stain into a blessing.<br />Stylistically, I felt the theme could have been dealt with in a somewhat smarter way. Without giving too much away, the \\"scandal\\" at the heart of the movie really gets very little screen time which helps diminish its importance in comparison with Coleman's past. But we see so little of it that it belittles its own thematic importance, and the movie spends a great deal of energy setting up storylines and elements that get little eventual payoff.<br />This is why I say the novel was a bit difficult to adapt. Following Coleman's life all the way along, not just its beginning and end, could have made the movie work better as a movie; so could exposing his secret to the world of the film instead of just to the audience. At one point, Coleman's sister says doing just that would have instantly cleared up all the scandal and misunderstanding. Wrong. It would have made everything much more complicated, much more textured, much less black-and-white. As it is, we are left with a movie about two people whose lives have already ended clinging to each other for comfort.<br />But the cast alone is something I'd go rushing into the theatres for: Hopkins, Kidman, Harris.  Hopkins' acting here is a slow, painful flowering, and Kidman, who late in the film has a long dialog delivered with such musical delicacy that it becomes an aria of regret and self-apprehension.<br />In sum, despite my gripes with the handling of the film, this is a film you HAVE to see. I'll go as far as to say that it's worth owning a DVD of.omes an aria of regret and self-apprehension.<br />In sum, despite my gripes with the handling of the film, this is a film you HAVE to see. I'll go as far as to say that it's worth owning a DVD of.
B000066NW0|1.0|Ahh, how I love the ignorance of these pop lovers. (note: Avril is not punk, but pop). I especially like the spotlight review where it says she writes her own music and plays her instrument. HELLO! She has a team of writers that helped her (just look in the liner notes) and she can't play guitar for crap. Also in the liner notes, there are no less than five(?) people given credit for guitar work. Why do you think she plays with a full band and doesn't play guitar herself?? Proof: in the video for complicated she is pictured playing a single chord; G. That chord isn't even in the song! <BR>This C.D.=crap. don't buy it.
B000059TFO|5.0|A gut-wrenching thriller from start to finish, the movie's breakneck pace is akin to any topnotch suspense movie of our time, while managing an excellent depiction of the 1960's civil rights struggle in the US as well.<br />Despite its theme's sombre contours the film never gets all preachy about the subject. Gene Hackman is picture perfect although his vigilante FBI loose-cannon role occasionally gets a bit far-fetched. A salon scene between him and one of the rogue cops who moonlight as members of Ku-Klux-Klan will remain in your memory for a long time.<br />The racism theme may appear a bit dated to viewers of this generation, but it is integral to the theme (as it was to the actual civil war.) Plus, let's not forget that the movie was made in 1988, and watching it now I still couldn't help getting touched by the identifiable theme. Frankly, I don't really understand what racially oriented quibbles reviewers have with the movie -- this is not some drummed up theme, this is ACTUALLY what happened in Mississippi.<br />A taut, absorbing, and worthwhile film that you must watch if you haven't already.
B0000C8AVM|5.0|Dylan is probably most known for &quot;protest&quot; songs or songs &quot;about&quot; things, like &quot;Blowin' In The Wind&quot; or &quot;Times They Are A-Changin'&quot;. Or, others know him for &quot;weird stuff&quot; like &quot;Rolling Stone&quot; and &quot;Subterranean&quot;. But to his fans, what often stands out is his ability to capture so perfectly every feeling you have ever had. If ANYONE has EVER fallen madly in love only to have their entire life smashed to pieces as a result, then they will find a kindred soul in this album. The songs are accusatory and apologetic all at once, and even the strange &quot;Jack of Hearts&quot; somehow fits. WHile it may be true that some of the alternate versions of these songs are better (I prefer the &quot;Real Live&quot; version of &quot;Tangled&quot;), as an album this simply cannot be beat.
B00003CXXP|3.0|This film is at its heart a retelling of the Frankenstein story. It's about people who create life because they can, without regard to the feelings of the creation. When the creators change their minds about what they have done, the creation is abandoned to an emotional limbo. The message is hard to miss, but just in case, a minor character spells it out at the beginning of the film.<br />Not only is the didacticism annoying, but haven't we seen this plot before in a very bad TV show called Small Wonder?<br />Even worse, this film starts out as hardcore science fiction, then about three-quarters of the way through, jarringly switches to a fairy tale. It's like having your roller coaster car suddenly stop in the middle of a downhill turn, and become &quot;It's a small world after all.&quot; Both are legitimate approaches to storytelling, but they don't work cobbled together like this.<br />However, Haley Joel Osment, a fabulously talented child actor, manages to remain in character even when this dastardly switch is pulled on him. The film is watchable aside from all its problems because of this boy. That's a lot of responsibilty for someone not even out of elementary school, and he deserves absolutely all the praise heaped on him.<br />So whether or not I can recommend this film depends on what a reader is looking for. If you will be satisfied watching a kid pull off a beautiful performance most adults couldn't manage under the circumstances, by all means see it. If you're looking for science fiction, forget it. If you want pandering to your emotions, as in E.T., see the film. If you want to see Stanley Kubrick at his best, again, don't bother.
B000002C2E|5.0|On these reviews, it seems any album can get five stars sometimes, but this album deserves every one. The reviews below my own are not exaggerations, they are dead one! I will add that any one who thinks themself a write should listen hard to how Dylan crafts the lyrics and music on his album. THIS is what any writer should aspire to! Also, I know that is sounds strange, but this album somehow always sounds better if played in the dark. Try it!
B00009V7T2|5.0|I have had favorite cd's before.  I've listened to albums for the first time and thought, &quot;Sweet Christ.  This is great.  I am listening to such good music right now.&quot;  This cd is so far beyond that for me.  I feel like information was taken from my brain and analyzed and that data was used to make a cd.  This album is perfect.  I feel like a previously unknown dimension has been added to my life.  There are times when I have been feeling down and just the act of remembering that I have this cd will cheer me up.  My life is better.  It's true.<BR>I can tell from these reviews that there are other people that might know what I'm talking about.  For the people that hate it:  I can understand that.  I think you've just lived very different experiences from mine.  Nothing wrong with that.<BR>But for people that read this and don't immediately decide I'm a psycho and think they can imagine where I might be coming from, peep game.  This is an album meant to communicate on a more psychological level, under the constraints of the ordinary use of language.  Mostly the feeling I get when I listen to it is that it is a musical synopsis of life.  Or more specifically the mystery of life.  It's abstract and surreal, and yet symbolic.  Like a Rene Magritte, but instead of a painting it's rocking ass music.  Roulette Dares (the haunt of) made a tear roll down my cheek, and the big black guy I work with says that &quot;this apparatus must be unearthed&quot; is &quot;off the hook&quot;.  Listen to it straight through, in the dark, with your full attention, and you'll know what's up.  It's the story of your life and you didn't even know it.
B0000C8AVE|5.0|While it's not Bob's first album, this is really where his role as the premier writer of popular music began. It contains some of the the era's most important songs; &quot;Blowin' In The Wind&quot;, &quot;Hard Rain...&quot;, etc. There are songs of politics, both funny and stark (&quot;Masters of War&quot;, &quot;WW III Blues&quot;), songs of love (&quot;North Country&quot;, &quot;Don't Think Twice&quot;), and songs about the sometimes tragic march of time. (&quot;Dylan's Dream&quot;)This new mix restores the clarity of the original, and is piece of rock history that, while a little dated in it's lyrics, stands the test of time.
B0000C9ZLD|3.0|That should of been the title of this cd. I loved the first cd and I was very anxious to hear this one. I have to say I'm a little disapointed. They have the same sound, which isn't a bad thing, but the songs are just &quot;ok&quot;. I like the first 4 songs but after that they all become a blur and nothing begs me to listen to it again. Any song you pick on &quot;Is This It&quot; is way better then the best one on &quot;Room On Fire&quot;. However I would rather listen to this then most of what's on the radio. And I don't hate the cd and will continue to give it more chances to see if their are hidden gems. I know any awesome cd you have to give it many listens before you realize how great it is even although I don't think that really applies to the strokes since they create short simple catchy raw rock songs. But anyway maybe this review is a little premature and I wouldn't discourage anyone from buying it if you are a fan, maybe you'd love this cd. I just think it was a small step backwards for them when I wish they would have at least stood still.
B0000C8AVR|5.0|While I personally found the songs on &quot;Bringing It All Back Home&quot; great but a bit jarring in arrangment, this album is the peak of Dylan's most creative period. The rock is ROCK, and the poetry is POETRY. The lyrics are superb and his band is tight, while his performance is good. Sure, Dylan's voice won't soothe the savage beast, but any of his fans will tell you that his performance strength is his vocal emotiveness. This album has all the elements in place, and the new mix brings it all, well.. &quot;back home&quot;?
1573301183|5.0|wheni first viewed this dvd, it was a while after they performed the show, yet it was still before staley's death. you  can feel the raw emotions, and the absolute power of the music. it seems as if this was a suicide not beutifully writen. from nutshell, too highlights like heaven besdie you, this dvd was amazing, the clarity was great, and the sound was amazing. they even threw inn some pretty cool riffs, in between songs, like inez playing the intro too enter sandman...&quot;friends dont let friends get bad haircuts&quot; i think thats what it aid on his bassl, however this will tide me over until ntv releases pearljam and nirvanas unpluged sets.....grunge lives!!!!!
B0000C8AVX|4.0|One of the things about Bob Dylan which I truly love is how he seems to, at several points in his career, actually try to alienate his fan base! With this album, he shifts from acoustic folk to electric rock, and a time when crossovers were a big NO-NO! However, both styles are here: &quot;Subterranean&quot; is a rock gem, as is &quot;She Belongs To Me&quot;. But when it comes to acoustic, there is nothing like &quot;Tambourine Man&quot; and &quot;Gates of Eden&quot;. An album which NEEDED it's recent mastering &quot;make-over&quot;, and is totally timeless!
B0000C9ZSV|4.0|This disc was billed as \\"The Jimi Hendrix Experience\\" yet had Buddy Cox On drums and not Noel Redding. I feel this was the best line up for Jimi. The disc has Jimi at his best, he sounds in fine spirits and his playing is great. Shame he would not be alive much longer after this was recorded. I,for one, feel that Jimi was getting better as he went on, putting the theatrics on the back burner while he consentrated on his music.Hey Baby(New Rising Sun) is a good indication of where he was going with his new sound.  It has a Jazzy/Blues type sound to it, and its one of this sets stronger songs. Overall this is a good Live Hendrix disc
B0000AXE8I|1.0|I really wanted to like this movie.  I enjoyed the first one a great deal, and lined up on opening night to see the second.  It was...boring.  Yes, there were some cool action sequences, but even those managed to go on too long, and the rest of it...talk, talk, talk, dance, dance, dance...yawn.  This was a movie badly in need of an editor.  Actually, it felt like half a movie trying to be a whole movie via lots of padding.  Maybe if they'd tried to make Reloaded and Revolutions as one movie this one wouldn't have felt so...empty.  Don't waste your money.
B0000A1RJI|3.0|I agree with the previous reviewers except to warn new buyers that this CD is indeed &quot;over-produced&quot; when it comes to the bass. IMHO it really gets in the way in the listeners appreciation of the wonderful score.
B00008977N|5.0|I have been a loyal and obsessed fan of Peter Gabriel since the 70's and he never has let me down ever.<BR>This DVD ROCKS THE HOUSE!!!<BR>I do not understand you whiny babies out there who say that it is a <BR>lousy remaster. GET OVER IT.<BR>It is Just like being at the show without Gabriel's traditional feedback and forgetting the words :)<BR>I am looking forward to (hopefully) a DVD release of his POV 1987 SO Tour in Athens.<BR>Lighten up you Yahoos!!<BR>D.I.Y.
B0000C9ZLD|2.0|As if fearing a single chord change or an extra drumbeat would expose the fragility of their fanbase, the Strokes fearfully stick to the exact same production aesthetic and ruefully maintain their muffled throaty New-York-Rock-Is-Back sound.<br />The problem is their new CD sounds like nothing more than a collection of b-sides from their  debut album.  There isn't a single memorable track. We have no \\"Last Night\\" no \\"Sometimes\\" here, just a lot of  \\"New York City Cops\\" if you get my drift, but not even THAT good. A couple songs, like their wish-washy first single \\"12:51\\" earn my two-star rating because they come CLOSE, but you realize they're only coming close to sounding like songs you already know, liked, grew tired of, and forgot about long ago; which only makes this project seem more pointless.<br />I don't fault the band for refusing to progress or experiment musically, lyrically, or artistically, but a tuneless amalgamation of droning  pop-babble is rather offensive to my ears.<br />If spoiled milk had a sound, this album would come pretty close.
B000069AUI|5.0|Every time I listen to this album, all I can do is sit back and say, &quot;Whoa.&quot; Anyone who thinks that &quot;Rush of Blood&quot; paled into comparison to &quot;Parachutes&quot; simply can't appreciate the mellow-intensity that this CD brings. I love every song on it, the lyrics are amazing and the music is orgasmic, to say the least. Coldplay is not music that I would usually like, either...I am a huge fan of bands like Sum41, Incubus, System of a Down, etc., but I can still appreciate all good music, and this CD is at the top of my list right now. Here's a breakdown of my favorites:<br />Politik (track 1): While I don't like the beginning (it sounds like the CD is skipping) it ends up being a very smooth song, with most focus on the vocals and less on the music.<br />In My Place (track 2): I heard this song hundreds of times on the radio driving to school every morning, and even overplay hasn't killed it for me. We all know this tune, but I don't think it's an accurate representation of how utterly amazing Coldplay is.<br />God Put a Smile Upon Your Face (track 3): The guitar really does it for me, here. This song also has a very driving beat, and the chorus propels me into a state of utter euphoria. One of the best on the album.<br />The Scientist (track 4): Piano, piano, piano. This song ties with Amsterdam (track 11) for the best on the album, because of the beautiful piano work. It has a slow tempo and could almost be considered morose as far as theme, but it is a beautiful song that I could listen to again and again.<br />Clocks (track 5): Also receiving a lot of air time, I like this song considerably more than In My Place; the title makes me think of Salvador Dali and his melting clocks, and I always feel very trippy listening to this song. It's unique, and one of their best.<br />A Rush Of Blood to the Head (track 10): A phenomenal title track, the lyrics are what really make the song. Again, all I can say is that it's an amazingly beautiful song.<br/>Amsterdam (track 11): Easily my favorite song on the CD. The lyrics and piano are blissful, and I always feel satisfied after hearing the song. Listening to this song always makes me feel good, and it wraps up the album nicely.<br />Anytime I listen to this CD, I truely experience Nirvana. I only hope Coldplay can continue to write music like this; this CD has made Coldplay one of my favorite artists. Rarely can an album make me truely appreciate being alive, but this one does. A Rush of Blood to the Head is a must own for anyone who likes music.
0792842723|5.0|my favortie Bond movie of Brosnan's, though I also liked The World Is Not Enough also, but this one is my fav. with kicking fights between Brosnan and Bean and the ever so [.....] crushing Famke Janssen(man id love to dip her in chocolate). Alan Cumming as Boris is a hoot. Joe Don Baker is in this one but he has a differnt role other then his badguy role in The Living Daylights with Timothy Dalton. Judi Dench as M, Demond Llwellyn as Q, Thcky Karyo as Mishkin, Robbie Coltrane as Valentino and Izabella Scruopo as Natayla also star. look close for Minnie Driver in a cameo as Valentino's singing mistress Mina. this one has great bond moments also, like the train scene, where Bond drops Alec Trevelyn, the beginning when Bean gets shot and the chase scene in the city. hang on to your socks friends. Tina Turner does the song to the main title and its catchy too, got that song stuck in my head for awhile
0312319517|2.0|I have always been a big fan of Frederick Forsyth but this book is a disappointment!  There are so many threads to the narrative that before he could weave them together into whole cloth I had to go back and re-read sections because I had forgotten &quot;who did what to whom&quot; (and no, I am NOT a slow reader).  There was entirely too much pre-Sept.11 historical background that contributed little or nothing to the book and served as a distraction. Some was necessary but he should have saved all that for a non-fiction historical novel. By the time Mr. Forsyth got to the point, the book was almost finished.
B00008HCCF|4.0|I really enjoyed this DVD.  I have Norah's album and think she is a talented singer, but, based on some live performance downloads from her web site, I prefer the way she sings live.  The album songs are more slickly produced but she is SO laid back; live she loosens up a little.  Some reviews have compared her to Diana Krall but personally, I would much rather listen to Norah.  DK is an excellent musician and performer, but her style seems to be more for the jazz purist, which I am not.  In addition, she is rather cold and steely in here singing.  Norah, by comparison has a warmth that I really love and her lack of stage banter seems to suggest that her show is about music.  Had I come for banter, I would have sought out a comedy show.  This early in her career, it's hard to tell whether she will be able to sustain this level of excellence, but I hope she does.  I also like her band, which had a minimalist touch that is perfect for her light, breezy, eclectic style.  I cringe at the thought that whe would adopt slick gowns and string sections as some reviewers seem to suggest.  It's been a number of years since I was so enthusiastic about a new singer.
B0000AI44Q|1.0|Did Neil Young run out of musical inspiration a couple of years ago? Neither \\"Silver and gold\\" or \\"Are you passionate?\\" were good besides from a few tracks (like \\"Buffalo Springfield again\\" &amp; \\"You're my girl\\") on each album. With the latest release \\"Greendale\\", Young gives us a concept album -  a family tale. But it sure seems as Young got more interested in the story than in the music, because it's even more monotonous than we are used to. The music serves mostly as a back ground to Young's droning and sleepy vocals. I bought this album (like the previous two albums) unheard and I sure regret that. These days, Neil Young seem tired and he's a million miles away from the stuff he delivered on albums such as \\"Harvest\\", \\"After the gold rush\\", \\"On the beach\\", and \\"Comes a time\\". If you're not a really dedicated Neil Young fan (if you are, you already own this album) I wouldn't recommend this one, at least not as a first buy or a tenth either for that matter.
B000002C1W|4.0|I love this album. I am also not a Pink Floyd purist. I only started listening to Pink Floyd recently, though I have known about them all my life. I am a Nine Inch Nails fan, and that is what attracted me to PF, becasue they influence NIN and alot of other bands I listen to. I am a huge fan of hard edge electronic music. I like Pink Floyd because they incorporated electronics onto thier sound in a way that was quite ahead of it's time. Adding electronic texture to real songs, instead of Kraftwerk style blips and bloops of the period. My motivation for liking this album has nothing to do with how it plays into other Floyd work. In fact I cannot stand &quot;The Wall&quot;. I have no need for fancy guitar work, it's annoying. I find traditional rock music very, very boring. Song like &quot;Dogs of War&quot; are great precursors to later innovations by other bands. That is my attraction. When viewed in the context of what would later become of Floyd's influence, I think this album deftly illustrates the great things that Floyd would later pass on to others. If you enjoy bands like NIN, Type O Negative, Marilyn Manson (pre Mech. Anim.) you will find things about this album cofortably familiar. If you walk around with &quot;The Wall&quot; shirts and think that &quot;Learning To Fly&quot; is just to pop-ish, then this may not be the album for you, of course that being the case, you already know this.
B0000AR8NK|1.0|There just hasn't been a good Bowie album since Bowie became as ass and stopped writing with Carlos Alomar.  Where are the songs!!! Where is the invention!!! Where is the growth!!!  David, admit it Carlos made your career!!!!!
0385504209|1.0|Those other one-star reviewers are right!  This book is full of untruths.  It occured to me that I've read other so-called &quot;fiction&quot; books full of untruths (and the even scarier half-truths), too.  It's a conspiracy, for sure, being carried out by the liberal, leftist, academic elite.<br />For example, I was reading this other &quot;fiction&quot; book called &quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot;, and it occured to me that this Tolkien guy was just full of it.  I mean, there's no such thing as Elves or Goblins, or, geez, Hobbits!  Magic rings?  Give me a break.  He even goes so far as to include a map of this so-called &quot;Middle Earth&quot;.  Middle of what?  I only know of one Earth, and it's the whole thing.  I'm tellin' ya, that book was just full of out-and-out falsehoods.  And *oy*, with the singing all the time, I mean give me a break!<br />The nerve this guy has to fill a &quot;fiction&quot; book with untruths.  I give it one star, and from now on I'm only reading true fiction!
B00009V7T2|5.0|De-Loused In The Comatorium (loused:  confused, not infestation of lice)is an hour-long story based on the life of Julio Venegas, a childhood friend of some of the band members.  The main character is Cerpin Taxt.  In the first track, Cerpin attempts suicide but fails and slips into a coma. Over the next eight tracks, Cerpin explores the worlds of his subconscious, wonderful and horrible.  In the final track, he awakes from his coma only to commit suicide.<br />De-Loused In The Comatorium is a work of art.  One enjoys the CD on two levels:  liking the loud, brash music and vocals, and fully understanding the symbolism of each track.  Upon hearing De-Loused for the first time, I have to admit that I did not enjoy it entirely.  But there was something there that pushed me to listen to it again and understand.  The second listen I became very intrigued and began to understand what some of it meant.  And the third time I listened, I became engulfed in the state of mind that is De-Loused.  Ever since then, every time I hear even a portion of a song I again slip into that realm.<br />I will not reveal all of the meaning of De-Loused, not only because that is part of the joy of listening to the CD regularly but because I figure out even more each listen and still do not understand it all.  But I will get you started:<br />The first track, &quot;son et lumiere&quot;, is a short, almost techno based track.  The lyrics reference the use of rat poison by Julio and teh scars on his body from his suicidal tendencies.<br />The second track, &quot;inertiatic esp&quot;, is Cerpin Taxt's realization of his comatose state and acknowledgement that he is confused (&quot;Now I'm loused&quot;)<br />Not all of what I know, but enough to get you started.
0385504209|3.0|Good plot. Easy, interesting read. However, keep in mind, that the &quot;facts&quot; presented here about Jesus are not new nor have they ever been proven. But that's the great thing about conspiracy theories isn't it? The lack of real evidence is only more proof of a cover-up!
B0000C6E4D|5.0|I've been a Sarah fan since the Fumbling towards Ecstasy CD (yes kids, she was wonderful before Lilith Fair too) and will remain one forever with releases like this. The songs are amazing and you get such a great feeling when listening to the whole CD. Of course \\"Fallen\\" is an astonishing song but my favorite and, in my opinion, the next single is \\"Train Wreck\\". Yes, listen to \\"Fallen\\" then go to track 5 and enjoy :) \\"Time\\" is another great song on the CD as well. Thank you Sarah for another incredible CD!!! And to those who only base/know Sarah from one or 2 songs off Surfacing, please get a clue and buy a vowel. She has ALWAYS been and incredible singer :)
B00005JM02|5.0|Firstly let me say If i could give it more than 5 stars, I would. There is absolutely nothing wrong with Finding Nemo. From start to finish it brings you through all possible emotions. From sadness and fear when Nemo is taken by human divers, to laughter at Dory's shear stupidity to near tear enducing rejoice at the end of the film when Nemo and Marlin are reuinited. Asides from the simply wonderful storyline and characters the animation is excellent. The fish all move in thier own realistic manner, from the frantic flapping of Nemo's &quot;lucky fin&quot; to the graceful slow swishing of Bruce the Shark's huge tail. I'm a huge fan of the Disney/Pixar works (Monsters Inc, Bugs Life, Toy Story etc) and Finding Nemo will now take pride of place in my collection.
B000002UB3|5.0|This is a good Album, but I don't find andy lyrics pages in the CD case. Can anybody tell me if it should include lyrics? Thanks!
B0000C6E4D|5.0|Sarah McLachlan's new album was well worth the 6 year wait. It's brilliant. You never really know how much you miss someone until you're exposed to their music again. It's timeless and the music on this album is wonderfully done. I highly recommend it. From the defiant rant in \\"Stupid\\" to the soft heavenly tones of \\"Push\\" and \\"Dirty Little Secret,\\" this album was a non-skip masterpiece.  One of the best albums of the year.
B000089RVX|5.0|I bought this album when it first came out. The first song i ever heard by them was My Immortal and it literally brought tears to my eyes. Amy's vocals have so much emotino in them it often hurts to listen, but i still absolutely love it in a masochistic way. hopefully with the release of the new single, a completed version of My Immortal (the version on this album is an older demo version, where the entire band does not play) more people will release that they are not simply a linkin park meets tori amos rip off. Evanescence completely transcends the entire stagnant nu metal genre, the goth genre, and every other genre with an ingenuity and emotionally loaded words that will blow your mind and heart away.
B0000C9ZSV|4.0|i love henxdrix and when i got this cd i thought some of the songs were great track 3 especially but i think he just didnt play as well as the second part of this concert... if i were you id buy the hendrix playing the blues or the first part of the concert if you could find it
B00006V9A0|5.0|This Greatest Hits album is a very good CD although it is quite short.  Starting off the CD is the unrealeased &quot;You Know You're Right&quot;, which is a very good song and a good choice for the first song.  I don't think there is a single song on the CD that I think should not be on there but I do think there could be a few more added to it.  Even though it is short, Nirvana is the best band and this CD is definetely worth the money.  If you are big Nirvana fan or maybe just listening to them recently, this CD is a the right one.  Five stars, no question.<br />    Now onto some other business, this is to Fred Durst Number One Fan, or however you spell it.  How can you sit there and say that Nirvana is jumping on the bandwagon to bands like Puddle of Crap and Nickelessback?  If you haven't realized, Nirvana came before your precious bands, and Kurt Cobain died in...1994!  Before your copy bands even came into the mix.  Also, I was reading some of your other horrific reviews and I must say...TERRIBLE.  Besides the fact that you say the best drummer ever, Nirvana's Dave Grohl, has no passion, you say that Led Zeppelin is no good.  I don't know what you are thinking but Led Zeppelin came out way back when, so how can you use today's culture and compare it to them.  Also you got something mixed up...If you are not aware, the Rolling Stones came out in the sixties or around then, BEFORE AEROSMITH.  So I would like to know how the Rolling Stones grew up listening to Aerosmith when it is just the opposite.  The Rolling Stones do not have potential because they were already extremely famous.  And what is this about bringing in some rappers to back them up...a tRU grunge fan hates rap, so obviously you are not one.  I advise everyone to stay away from these terrible reviews, he has no idea what he is doing.  So until you learn a little about music, stop writing reviews.
B00005JKEZ|5.0|&quot;The Adventures of Robin Hood&quot; is one of my very favorite movies.  It has just the right mix of fencing, fighting, torture, revenge, chases, escapes, true love, and miracles (my apologies to William Goldman, but it's true)...not to mention Basil Rathbone, Olivia DeHavilland, and Errol Flynn.<br />I've actually worn out my VHS copy.  So I was going crazy for the DVD release, constantly wondering, &quot;What the heck is taking them so long?&quot;  Now that I've gotten my mitts on this DVD, I KNOW what took them so long, and it was soooo worth the wait.<br />The picture is crystal clear and the colors are as bright and vibrant as a Van Gogh painting.  I was shocked at how fantastic the movie looked!  I noticed details that I hadn't before--like that when Robin rescues Much the Miller, he (Much, not Robin, of course) is actually bleeding! And that Maid Marian's dresses are GORGEOUS!!  And that Will Scarlet's lute has no strings!!!  (How did I miss THAT??)<br />The extras on the second disk are pretty cool too.  My favorite was the behind-the-scenes bit where you learn just how real those arrows were.  Basil Rathbone's &quot;Helmet Tests&quot; are pretty funny as well.<br />This is a great movie, restored in a format that does justice to its greatness.  It was definitely worth the wait.
B0000025H0|4.0|I remember when &quot;Marathon&quot; came out and the local radio staion started playing &quot;Hard Times&quot;.  Good solid rocking there, and the band at my high school prom played &quot;Stand Up/Runnin'&quot;.  I, too, love the instrumental &quot;Aqua Marine&quot;.  Generally the album flows quite well although it has a more pop feel than other releases which may turn off some listeners.
0452282152|4.0|Speculative fiction about Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer or, more specifically, about the girl in one of his most famous paintings, Girl with a Pearl Earring. Griet starts off as a maid in the painter's house but she is soon made his assistant and eventually his model. While this is going on she also has to deal with being away from home for the first time, Vermeer's wife and daughter's jealousy, and her growing attraction to the painter. <br />Not the kind of book I usually read but it was enjoyable. It was a bit on the slow side but the book itself was short so that didn't really bother me. It could also be vague in places but this is one of those books where some things are better left to the imagination. If you are an art dork or you just like good fiction in general you'll probably enjoy this book.
B00005221M|5.0|I went to the theatre with a mild interest for this movie. When I left it was a lot more than a mild interest! First off the musical score was breathtaking. It meshed so well with the gorgeous cinematography and the amazing action sequences.(I went out and bought the soundtrack on cd and still listen to it on a regular basis.)<BR>  The acting is great, the direction superb(Michael Mann-also did Heat which is also on my all-time list),the story is classic to the sense-love,revenge,sorrow and honour.The only movie that almost made me jump out of my seat!<BR>  About the director's cut DVD, I only have one complaint. In the scene of Magua's death it takes out the part where Chingachgook's weapon pierces through his back. I don't know about you but seeing that part excluded(minor as it may be) it took away a lot about that scene. The depth to the exacting of the revenge was by far diminished. I guess I'm being picky but that's the way I felt. However,the additional scenes in the director's cut did add to an already great movie.
B00005JM02|4.0|This was a great movie. The animation is totally off the charts. Others could learn from Pixar animation. Also the two-disc DVD is fun for kids and adults alike. I loved Marlin and Dory. Kudos to Albert Brooks and Ellen Degeneres.
6304806426|5.0|The first time I saw this movie I was swept away by the beauty of the cinematography. I could hardly take in the whole of the movie because of the scenery. It didn't bother me to watch this movie over and over. I actually wasn't aware this was considered a &quot;long&quot; movie time-wise. I felt the movie flowed so well and so beautifully that I wasn't aware of the time. The story and the acting draw you in and won't let go. It happened to be on a movie channel again recently and, even though I have the VHS and DVD version, I couldn't help but stay up until the wee hours of the morning to watch it again..and still I wept tears at the end. This is one of the few movies that absolutely deserves all the accolades and none of the derision.
B000001EC1|5.0|Although Bon Jovi isn't heard from very often these days, don't despair. This CD has all of the band's big hits from the 80's and early 90's. If you haven't heard 'Living On A Prayer' since all your clothes were neon colored, pick up this CD. Bon Jovi still has it.
B0000C9ZLD|4.0|LOL,  Dude if you're reveiw of this albumn isnt a buy recommendation i dont know what is.  i think the last thing i consider when buying music is &quot;how will this influence children&quot;.  granted, the strokes are a weed of a rock group, they're still one of the very few weeds growing on this charred planet after the effects of the &quot;music&quot; industries musical nuclear holocaust (aka the big pop).  good luck in the futures strokes.  and buyers if your going to spend 15 buck on anything this winter pick up this disc.
B0000524CY|5.0|If you are new to the horror movie watching genre, I'd skip this one until you've watched a couple others. This movie will give even the most hard watched horror fan nightmares. Centering on a young girl who becomes posessed by a demon(s)and a priest whose faith is fading away, you will become caught up in the changes the girl goes through when the demon fully takes over. Although the movie was made in the seventies, it does not take take away from the scare factor. This movie is best watched with the lights on and definately not alone.
0385504209|5.0|I bought this book because I heard/read that it dealt with secrets of the Vatican, etc.  I read it very quickly and found it to be fast-paced, full of action, you know, the whole nine yards.  One thing I chuckle about is the fact that many people get their knickers in a twist when they read that a book is about how the Vatican has brainwashed billions of people over two thousand years.  Relax...It is a book.  No one ever said that this book is true...Dan Brown does so you will buy it and read it.  I will read it again in a few months, knowing full well that I will enjoy it.  In the end, I just say to...Read and enjoy.
B00005YW4H|3.0|it's not that i don't enjoy norah jones's serene voice and relaxing tunes on a rainy day or in the bath tub, but i really do not think this i the great album that it has been said to be.  the woman one like a million awards for an album of songs that she mostly didn't even write.  her muscianship is good, not great, and she holds up as solid piano player and has a unique vocal quality.  but the album doesn't vary enough to keep me interested, and a lot of the songs sound the same after a while.  i appreciate norah jones for bringing jazz and blues into the main stream and introducing a new sound to young listeners ( i too am a young listener, i am just enlightened), but i think jones has recieved too much praise for a sound that dozens of other jazz musicians have mastered before her.  why listen to her good version when there are AMAZING musicians who make music similar to hers but much better.  i don't know, i just think for all the hype there should have been more behind it.
B000002J23|5.0|I,like probably most of the reviewers here, am a  die-hard Yes fan. When this album first came out I thought it was sacrilegious to record an album without Jon heading the vocals. I still believe that Jon's voice would have made this recording even better than it is. However, Jon's absence by no means makes this recording a flop. In fact, with repeated listenings I have learned to appreciate this CD to the point of thinking that it is a GREAT CD! The production(specially the way that the drums are recorded) makes this CD one of the band's best recording. My wife, who's been to many Yes shows with me throughout the years, feels that this is the band's BEST CD. Go figure! I can't think of another Yes recording where the instruments are so clearly defined and where they all sit so perfectly in the mix. For anyone insterested in learning recording techniques, this CD should be a course on the subject. At some points the vocals can sound a bit harsh. On the other hand, there are some passages where the vocals are as good as most of what Jon has done up to that point. It may take you a few listens to get this CD, but don't give up on it!
B0000A1RJI|5.0|Klaus Badelt's fantastic score is a great companion to the movie.  It's full of the adventure and menace of the film.  Beginning with the quiet &quot;Fog Bound,&quot; the album builds in intensity, and you actually feel as though you're right there watching the battles at sea or following the skeletal pirates on their &quot;Underwater March.&quot;<br />This is one of the few album scores that can actually stand on its own, apart from the film.  It has the feel of the open seas and of pirates and adventure.  A great album!
B0000C6E4D|5.0|Finally, after a four-year layoff from lilith fair and her first real new cd since 1997's Surfacing, Sarah Mclachlan returns with afterglow.<BR>Clearly, her experiences as a new mother and the loss of her own were weaved into facets of this new cd. The beginning of life and its joys, the the end of it, and its sorrows are aptly and deftly demonstrated by her in Fallen and World on Fire. <BR>An obvious fan of Yeats, she neatly intertwines &quot;The Second Coming&quot; into Stupid.<BR>Perfect Girl shows her realization that life isn't that. That all of us have untidy threads, imperfections that we would like to go back and correct. And yet, when we pull among those threads, we undo the tapestry that is our life. <BR>Although not the pianist that Tori Amos is, her haunting voice reinforces the lyrics of her songs to make her at the very least her equal if not her better.
0140177396|5.0|Life was hard and times were no joke in the economically blighted cities and wind-blasted rural areas that marked a Depression era America.  Whatever joy most Americans grasped for seemed to be just beyond their collective reaches.  In OF MICE AND MEN John Steinbeck portrays a people who are just as blighted as the land on which they trod. Lennie Small and George Milton are two migrants who are forced to wander the midwest in search of the American Dream, which, to them, meant a place of their own.  Each recognizes that this dream will, in all likelihood, remain just that, an evanescent will-o-the-wisp that leaves them with little else but to talk about it.  Many times in the novel, the huge but retarded Lennie asks George, a smallish but bright thinker, to rhapsodize about their future.  To George, their American Dream is a place where no one can throw them out.  To Lennie, it is a place where he can raise rabbits.  And it is not only Lennie and George who reach out for the unobtainable.  It is arguable that nearly everyone else has their own competing dreams, with the same chance of success as Lennie and George have--none at all.  The ranch hands where Lennie and George find roustabout jobs are the hopeless in search of the unobtainable.  Candy is a one-armed elderly worker who seeks security for his old age.  Crooks is a proud black worker who searches for racial equality in an age that did not know the term.  Curley is a nastily pugnacious man who spends most of the scenes in which he appears in a hopeless and helpless Holy Grail search for his wife who spends an equal amount of time staying out of his way.  And then there is Curley's wife, who is so bereft of identity that Steinbeck chooses not even to give her a name.  She wanders the book like a meandering Eve, seeking only to disrupt the ordered lives of the men around her.  In her search for meaning to her life, she collides with a corresponding search by Lennie for meaning in his.  When she places Lennie'sunthinking paws on her hair and dress, Lennie panics and unthinkingly stifles her, setting off a chain of events that forces George to play with Lennie's dream of a rabbit warren as a tearfully tragic prelude to ending that dream.  In OF MICE AND MEN, Steinbeck catches not only the gritty edginess of political and emotional instability that then was ripping apart the social fabric of a pre-World War II America, he was also telling a timeless tale that suggests that for dreams to transform to reality, those dreamers had better leave the world of dreams long enough to weigh the balance of cost versus benefit.  For Lennie, for Curley's wife, the price was way too high.
B00004UEDQ|5.0|This is a fantastic film!<BR>OK, so I only bought it because Viggo Mortensen features, but I was pleasantly surprised. <BR>Sandra Bullock was fantastic, giving a fantastic performance as Gwen, and Viggo was hot, hot, HOT as Eddie.<BR>This film gives a sometimes lighthearted look at rehab, but the message is touching and the actors performances are great
B0000A02TZ|1.0|THIS IS A WASTE OF A DVD. IT SHOULD BE TITLED &quot;DOUBLE SECRET COMMERCIAL TIME&quot;. What a drag. I've already sent back my copy, and bought an old video copy on ebay. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS DVD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00005JMFR|4.0|So, this review is of the movie only, not the actual DVD product.<br />Having that said, let me say this:  \\"Why the sunrise?  Why?\\"<br />Outside of that, this movie is way better then Reloaded.  I saw the Matrix back in mid to late 90's, in the theatre.  Reloaded was a long awaited sequel, which in my opinion, sucked at first but does grow on you.  Revolutions, while still leaving the door open for a sequel (or prequel ?) was indeed a definite conclusion to the trilogy that rose above my expectations of what I thought it would be.  What did I think it would be?  A great idea killed by a big budget studio going for the dollar.<br />What was the actual movie like?  Suspenseful as al hell, gritty (yes, good guys do die),  eerie (waves of squidies) and dedicated to the original idea of machine conquering man and the complicated relationship between humans and the machines.  It goes deeper, way deep in terms of the survival & dependency of each life form on the other.<br />The final battle between Neo and Agent Smith was epic. Great dramatic \\"slomos\\", silhouetted kung-fu moves and superhero flights over the city. I felt like I was watching Godzilla battles Mothra, Optimus Prime versus Megatron, or for that matter, Tron versus the MCP.<br />One of the more memorable moments of the film that inspires us to keep following the plot:  when we gain a glimpse the earth above the scorched sky...a reminder of what life must have beeen like before the machines started growing us.<br />Why 4 stars and not 5?  The {darn} sunrise.  You'll know what I'm talking about when you see it.
0156027321|5.0|When I started this, it was weird. I told myself &quot;stick with it&quot;. And I did. Then it got a bit sick-eating RAW turtle or fish meat!?!?! Gross! I got a bit further, and decided that this was a totally random, entertaining, off the wall book. Pi lives in India at his family's zoo. He is an active Christian, Muslim, and Hindu. His family decides to move to Canada, and sells its animals, then packs up everything, including animals that are moving to North America, into a cargo ship and they set off. The ship sinks. Pi is left on a lifeboat with a hyena, a zebra, an orangutan, and a bengal tiger. The Bengal, aka Richard Parker, and Pi are soon the only living occupants. The middle section of this book is Pi's 227 days in the Pacific Ocean with Richard Parker. If you disagree with some of the author's points on zoos, try to get past that to the actual story itself. Read the intro. I didn't at first, until after I'd read the book, and that was a major mistake. The story was good, but it lacked something-much like a song with only one part. At the end, something is revealed, and you have to decide-which story is true? Suddenly the song is a duet, rising and falling, at times opposingly higher or lower. It's beautiful. Yann Martel manages to capture one of the most unexplainable things that cannot be put into words through his story, explaining it in a subtle, but provocative, way. This book is beautiful. Stick with it. When you read the end, you'll to a quick rewind, and know what I'm talking about. This story is a mixture of laughter and tears, and most especailly, wonder.
0446677450|5.0|Mr. Kiyosaki's book is one of the most amazing books I have ever read. I have had numerous self-help/financial planning books cross my path, but none with the simple and painfuly obvious truths displayed in this one. If you truely want to learn how to get rich then this book should be your first step.
B00006NSZ5|4.0|this album is a top class album. featuring  the likes of eminem, rakim, jay-z and nas.<BR>eminem rips it up on lose yourself, one of his best songs to date. there are other ill em songs such as rabbit run and rap game feat d12<BR>there are new mcs such as obie, 50 and joe beast on the limited edition sampler and old mcs such as rakim and gangstarr<BR>the only thing that ruins this cd are the 2 boring songs by macy gray and boomkat (taryn manning)<BR>this is one which eminem fans will love, but pure hip-hop heads should buy more music from 8 mile   ****
B00008H2LB|4.0|The four stars is just from getting a preview of it here and on the radio alone.  To reply one of the reviewers, the keyboard was to compliment their music.  It's not simple by accident, but was meant.  Try listening to Bach(one of the famous composers) you'll hear some similarities. So, NO, it's not some wimpy keyboard sound. At least it's creative as oppose to making a collage of foreign music(Indian)or repetitive drum beats like most &quot;artists.&quot;  <BR>    I love classical music and was hooked on them years ago when my brother made me listen to it. I recently bought this album and i'm still hooked. I wouldn't think much of those who thought it was boring because, &quot;hey, they did win the MTV music awards.&quot;
B00004VW35|1.0|Dissapointing. Young can play just about any genre well and country is no exception. The reason is: you believe him. He's not faking it. On Old Ways, he sounds like he's faking it. He sings these cover songs like he's at a kareoke. Worst of all, he sings with a twang that is equal parts irritating and laughable. Maybe that was his point--showing the world he didn't care. This album does kind of come across as an inside joke. Buy this album only if you're a Young completist. Otherwise, stay away. Trust me.
0345446798|5.0|Many of the ideas in this regarding dogs aren't really new. I read much the same thing in Jean Donaldson's Culture Clash. What is immensely fascinating though is the information regarding primates and primate interactions, how we humans still follow our primate roots and how this confuses our dogs who interact in an almost opposite way.<br />Peppered throughout are many useful behaviour tips such as teaching &quot;enough&quot;, and how to get a reluctant dog to come to you when called when you own several dogs. <br />When I discovered clicker training it suddenly seemed that my dogs understood me better in training. Now, knowing when to not act like such a primate has had the same result in my day-to-day interactions with my dogs.<br />The writing style is friendly and approachable and not at all dry like would be expected from someone in academia.
B00008PW3Q|5.0|The Mac are back. I've been a Fleetwood Mac fan for sometime now, and til now my favorite disk had to be \\"The Dance\\", but now almost 6 years later, the mac returns with a masterpiece entitled \\"Say You Will\\". Here, its the original band minus Christine McVie- a great album, though I do miss Christine's vocals and catchy hooks.  Stevie and Lindsey shine here - writing all of the songs on the album - and they sound just as good as they did in the 70s. The best tracks: \\"Illume\\" is a beautiful song written by Stevie about 9/11, the lyrics are touching. \\"Red Rover\\" sung by Lindsey is another favorite, in someways reminds me of \\"Tusk\\". \\"Peacekeeper\\" is a song that sounds like it should have been on \\"Rumours\\" - it sounds just like the 'old' Mac -- you can feel the ghost of Christine McVie here. \\"Bleed To Love Her\\" - a track which appeared on \\"The Dance\\" is here in glorious studio form, its a great song, again sung by Lindsey. \\"Come\\" has an interesting feel to it, interesting vocal effects/echos on Lindsey's voice - a new feeling for the band. And Lindsey's guitarwork is as strong as ever. Its a wonder how the man doesn't have such arthritis and can still play as good as he did back in the day. He is one of the best guitarists out there. Fleetwood Mac's talent survives the test of time, and this album is proof that the older they are the better they get. Fleetwood Mac lives for the music, and the music lives for them- they've put their hearts and souls into this album.<br />Two other great tracks are the CD's finale - \\"Say Goodbye\\" and \\"Goodbye Baby\\". \\"Say Goodbye\\" has some of the best guitar effects - and really emits a feeling of sadness \\"Once you said goodbye to me/Now I say goodbye to you\\" sings Lindsey. And Stevie's song \\"Goodbye Baby\\" is the final track on the album, just a haunting beautiful sad song (some speculate it is either about her abortion or about 9/11) - this has to be one of the most beautiful songs on the album - its so moving it brings me to tears, \\"You were with me always/I'll be with you one day/And I who went to sleep in tears/Woke up in tears/And I who never said goodbye/As I slipped away\\" sings Stevie. Just an overall a wonderful album.
B0000AXE8I|4.0|On the Movie:<br />Ok, this movie made me hate Larry and Andy Wachowski the first time I saw it. But then I decided to swallow my disappointment and saw it again with hope of finding something, and I did.<br />I believe that this movie is a work of art with some very nasty flaws that spoilt it to me the first time, but after my second time I watched this movie I just forgot the flaws. It's like if you couldn't remain angry at a child for doing something dumb after a good smile.<br />The Plot doesn't have any holes as I first thought. In fact, the twist the story had with Neo's confrontation with the Architect was amazing. The Orwell inspired \\"1984\\" view of hope and rebellion being measures of control released by the system itself in order to keep a balance and ensure its survival kept me thinking.<br />The film is very philosophical, in fact it has very deep ideas like the nature of choice, causality and the behavior of men. The visual aspect was incredible with a dazzling use of special effects and the shots were simply breathtaking.<br />But now lets analyze the flaws. Zion was my worst problem with this film. Please!!! do not do that ever again. The rave was completely out of place and seemed as a desperate attempt to win viewers through a \\"Baywatch scene\\" after the heavy philosophy the studio may have feared people wouldn't stand without (I don't dare to name this atrocity with an adjective).<br />The people of Zion looked everything but men and women who had found the truth about reality and awakened from a lie. They were more like \\"wanna party and be sexy for real\\" rather than \\"I'm fighting not only for myself but for mankind's freedom\\" idealists and warriors. The only characters I found real there were a wise old man with a point but claming to have none, a worried man in angst for seeing his vision of defense crashed by an etheric believe he didn't understand, the crew members of the ships and controllers of Zion, a kid and a bunch of old people in the council (which are considerable), but not the thousands of mistakes raving with an army above them.<br />The other huge mistake I found was the \\"Kung-Fu plus 10 000\\". The first movie had an amazing mix of action (yes and Kung-Fu) with dialog, character development during the fights, philosophical revelations and more. Reloaded had some grate Kung-Fu too, but the scriptwriter forgot the mix, the interaction of characters and the narrative beauty leaving only the esthetic, letting the Kung-Fu be the star... (for that I can rent an ordinary PG-13 movie with Van Dame)<br />In the end the movie left a grate foundation for Revolutions, but again with a mistake... (never end a Film like TV!!!). The \\"to be concluded\\" after a flash shot of a man infected with virus Smith (grate performance by the way!!).<br />Oh, and another thing I just hated was the exaggerated use if CGI in the Neo - Smith fight. (It looked like Final Fantasy). There were other ways to that more realistic...<br />But in the end I had to swallow my hate to this mistakes and enjoy the pros of the movie. My conclusion is that there were errors in the script (in the way of deep narrative during the fights and using things without purpose. I study filmmaking and one thing my Script teacher told me (and I agree) is that absolutely nothing in a movie should be without a purpose. <br />If you cut some parts like the Zion rave, you can still understand the movie without any loss. If you reduce the Kung-Fu a little bit and add character development like in the first Matrix (1st is less expensive and 2nd makes a better movie). But anyway... I still love the good parts of the movie and hope Revolutions makes amends. After all you cant judge impartially a part of a series without knowing the entire series...<br />On the DVD:<br />Grate transfer (both audio and video). Grate Information in the Special Features. But...<br />The extras had one flaw, a very plain audio track. They put one track and left it playing the whole documentary killing the rhythm. But the information is still very interesting.<br />Could have been better... but hey, nobody is perfect.<br />If you have doubts about this movie, watch Revolutions first and then think if you can forgive what you didn't like. In my case, I only had to watch Reloaded again...
B000002JOH|5.0|HOW COULD ANYONE WHO LIKES PANTERA NOT LOVE THIS CD? IT KICKZ<BR>SOO MUCH AZZZ.IM THE BIGGEST PANTERA FAN N THIS CD PROVES WHY <BR>I LOVE THEM.EVERY SONG IZ GR8.
B0000VCZK2|5.0|For all Alien Fans, you might want to check out the \\"making of\\" section of this DVD Box set in book \\"The Digital Bits Insiders Guide to DVD\\" - a great little book about DVD that has an in depth section about the Alien Quad.  Worth picking up for that section alone.  Can't wait to see these discs in hand!
B00000ILDE|5.0|&quot;Aliens&quot; is the sequel to the smash hit science-fiction movie &quot;Alien&quot;.  Sigourney Weaver reprises her role as Officer Ripley.  There are some differences.  Now, she's Lt. Ripley, and she's now playing a determined marine soldier.  Her acting is amazing throughout the movie, especially the bonding with the young girl, Newt and the emotional aftermath from the horrifying experience in The Nostromo.  Such level of acting deserving earned her an Oscar nomination for Best Actress.  All the other actors were also wonderful: Michael Beign, Paul Reiser, Lance Henrickson, and many more.<br />Besides Sigourney Weaver's amazing feats, James Cameron's directing is amazing.  He led the entire cast and crew to their fullest potentials in creating his creative and original ideas.  Every detail is flawless.  He proves on &quot;Aliens&quot; that he is the master directing and producing science-fiction and extravegent movies.<br />The visual effects and the sound effects are amazing!  Every physical detail looks as real as if the audience was standing next to Ripley.  No one can notice any of the computer editions.  The sound effect technicians deserving won an Oscar for their efforts.  The aliens and the eggs look very scary in credit of the great make-up team.  The queen alien is the most amazing.  Such elaborate settings give pride to the science-fiction genre.<br />The plot was written wonderfully.  Few writers can master continuing the flow between one movie to its sequel.  Every line contains  heave substance, keeping the audience's eyes wide open anxiously awaiting for the next scene.  The twists and turns between dramatic scenes and action scenes offer added watching pleasure.  There is no dull moment.  There are many unforgettable quotes that the audience may continue repeating for days after watching the movie.  One example is, &quot;get away from her, you b****!&quot;  exclaims Ripley.<br />&quot;Aliens&quot; is one of the best movie sequels released inmovie history.  Few others succeed this feat.  It offers added action versus the original.  Those who love action movies and/or science-fiction movies should watch &quot;Aliens&quot;.  However, &quot;Alien&quot;(the original) must be watched before this installment.  Otherwise, all events will be confusing.  It offers insight of how Ripley became haunted by the aliens.  The two movies, plus &quot;Alien 3&quot; and &quot;Alien: Resurrection&quot; offers the audience an explosive experience.
B0000AXE8I|2.0|Let's get one thing straight. The original Matrix is phenomenal. It has plot, substance, action, romance; something for everyone. <BR>     I went into the theatre hoping for the same from the new Matrix film. I have never been so disappointed in a movie. I was actually sad. Instead of vital characters, we get the albino twins, Jada Pinkett Smith, and that Italian woman. None really have any purpose. The plot? Try to save the city from the machines. <BR>     The action is too much, too often. One of the best things about the original is that it knew when to quit. The worst and most useless scene is when alternating shots of Neo and Trinity having sex and half-naked writhing dancers are shown. Pointless. Tasteless. Useless. The only decent scene is with the architect. <BR>     If you are willing to forgoe the plot, intelligence, and quality of the original, then this movie is for you.
6302636779|1.0|I wish I had known the film was about the triumph of selfishness and pride before purchasing it. I found the film carried a strong anti-Catholic message in justifying the nun's abandonment of her solemn vows, rather than seeing her departure as her personal failure.
0156027321|3.0|It took me 90 pages to get into this book.  The exploration of world religions affirmed the importance and similarity of all religions and not so subtly seemed to reject the far right's insistence that  Christianity is the only way to salvation.  However,  I did not find the first one third of the book particularly relevant to the rest of the story.  The shipwreck and survival were exciting, remarkable and believable.  Pi's intelligence, spiritual strength, and sheer stamina  facilitated his survival.  While others I've spoken with and other reviewers found this their &quot;best&quot; book of the year, my search continues.
B000092ZYX|5.0|DO NOT listen to anyone who says Radiohead is going downhill. These people want another &quot;The Bends&quot;. They don't like progression. They want their safe, boring alternative rock. NO! Radiohead are better. They ARE this generations Beatles. The music on HTTT is amazing. Each note sounds like it was destined to be where it's at. Everything is perfect. Radiohead are making sounds that no one has heard before, and turning them into richly textured, unique pop songs. This album reveals more and more of itself with each listen. I have listened to the track Backdrifts about 50-60 times, each time even more exciting than the time before. Each song is so different, yet it all flows so wonderfully. Every song could be a single. If you want something original, intelligent, inspiring, something with depth, something amazing, do yourself a favor and buy this album TODAY! Radiohead ARE without a doubt, the most important band on this planet. Key tracks (although I could just say the entire album) are: Backdrifts, Go To Sleep, Where I End And You Begin, 2+2=5, We Suck Young Blood    ENJOY THIS MASTERPIECE!
B0000DBJDM|5.0|Possibly the greatest concert movie ever recorded, this one has been long overdue on DVD.  The &quot;Main Film&quot; features extra footage, some of which is interesting (b&amp;w interviews with the band not seen in the original) and some of which is completely uncalled for (space shots during &quot;Echoes&quot;?).  The best thing to do though is go to the &quot;Features&quot; menu and watch the original conert film.  The picture is much brighter and the sound has been cleaned up beautifully!  A must have for any real Pink Floyd fan!
B000002UD0|5.0|In 1974, John Lennon was separated from his wife Yoko Ono, and he became very depressed.  In the midst of his depression, he was able to produce a few albums - the best being Walls And Bridges.  John's performance on the songs is chilling, especially on \\"Nobody Loves You When You're Down And Out,\\" which is arguably his darkest song.  Although the mood changes from time to time, the pain is still evident in his voice in songs like \\"Whatever Gets You Thru The Night\\" and \\"Bless You\\".<br />Most people don't consider this to be his best work, and it's certainly not above Imagine or Plastic Ono Band, but it is a huge improvement over Mind Games.  If you are having trouble deciding which Lennon album to purchase next (and you already have Plastic Ono Band and Imagine), buy Walls And Bridges.
B0000C6E4D|4.0|Its great to hear from Sarah after 6 years.....The songs on this album display her capabilities and her ability to touch all of us.  It doesn't quite stand up to Fumbling Towards Ecstasy, which is, to me, Sarah at her best.  I got that album in 94, and I have never stoped listening to it!<br />Definitely glad that's she's back!@!!!
0807261785|5.0|I taught Bad Beginnings to a 6th grade class last year. They become completely addicted, and we ended up reading the entire series throughout the course of the year.  Not only is the series fast-paced and written to be a \\"cliff-hanger\\", from a teacher's standpoint, it is an excellent way to introduce new vocabulary in a painless manner.  The books also provide an excellent source of discussion about character traits, and literary \\"tricks\\", like the way L. Snicket uses descriptive words as place names.  All in all, I would highly recommend this book, as well as the others in the series.
0804106304|1.0|I didnt like the book when I read it, I found it to be confusing more then it was interesting.  But if you have to do a report on the book .. I would suggest watching the movie before reading the book.
B0000C6E4D|4.0|Firstly, Sarah has NOT taken six years to make this album, but actually two and a half years. <br />So you ask, is it worth the wait? Yes and a little hesitant no. <br />Sarah has said Afterglow represents a transitional period of her life. If I can give a mental metaphor for Afterglow, it is that Sarah has reached the end of the cliff. No longer the free-spirited 25 year old she once was, Sarah is now a wife, a mother, an artist, a philantrophist all-in-one, bearing a lot of responsibility as a person. She's now looking back at her young womanhood before truly moving on and taking the plunge off the cliff.<br />As such, Afterglow is a consolidation of the work she's done previously. I can hear shades of Solace, FTE, Surfacing and even Touch in the songs, with some adult-contemporary pop sound mixed in. Although all the songs are written on piano, there are only two pure piano tracks while the rest showcase the brilliant guitar work of Jerry Marotta, Bill Dillon and legendary bassist Tony Levin, among others.<br />Starting the album off is 'Fallen'. Fallen immediately reminded me of Path of Thorns (from Solace); it has the same mid-tempo feel and the chorus is catchy yet the song ends in despair. It's about making mistakes, unable to take them back and redeem oneself. The lyrics go &quot;I have sunk so low/I messed up&quot;...&quot;And there doesn't seem a way to be redeemed&quot;. It's really depressing stuff but it's very good.<br />The album picks up with 'World On Fire'. It has a very adult-contemporary pop-ish sound. But the easy-going music arrangement serves to bring the lyrics upfront and centre. This is the only song written after Sarah gave birth. She and her producer Pierre (who also had a child) got together, thought about their roles as parents in this post-911 world and wrote this powerful song. It's about doing the little things that will help to make the world a better place for the kids. Lyrics like &quot;The world's on fire it's more than I can handle/I'll tap into the water try to bring my share&quot; ...&quot;hearts break,hearts mend..love still hurts/Visions clash, planes crash&quot; really captures the essence of this uncertain world without the preachy and overbearing quality of most post-Sept 11 songs I've heard so far.<br />Sarah then shifts gears into angry rock mode with 'Stupid'. The song starts off warm and comfy, then the mood abruptly changes into a really rockin' angry song. The lyrics go, &quot;How STUPID could I be?/A simpleton could see..&quot; . I like the shifting moods and the violins add some magnificence. I'm sure those who suffered heartbreaks can relate to the lyrics.<br />Things slow down with 'Drifting'. Sarah seems to be talking about being a celebrity and being out of herself, perhaps to the deterioration of relationships with her family and those closest to her. <br />The album picks up again with 'Trainwreck', a very upbeat foot-tapping song and I simply DARE you to be still while hearing this song. Like 'World on Fire', it has that adult contemporary pop sound akin to artists like Seal or Simply Red. The groovy beats remind me of 'Black and White' from Surfacing, but the lyrics remind me of 'Sweet Surrender' in that fatalistic, giving-up-everything-for-another-person sense. Overall, the most catchiest song on the album.<br />From this point on, the album veers more into FTE territory. 'Push', according to Sarah, is an ode to her husband, Ash. The lyrics sound mushy but they're Sarah's feelings towards her love..what can one say? I love the guitar work here, they remind me of FTE. I'm betting 'Push' will be played in many weddings soon to come. <br />'Answer', like 'Push', is about devotional love with equally mushy lyrics. On first listen, the opening piano strains remind me of 'Angel' from Surfacing. But 'Answer' is like a hybrid of 'Angel' and 'Full of Grace' with soft drums and strings adding an epic quality to it. It's simple yet powerful and utterly beautiful and I can seewhy this Sarah's favorite song on the album.<br />'Time' immediately recalls FTE, namely Ice. The minor key and overall sombre mood is pure vintage Sarah. Lyrically it's meatier too. It's about being trapped in a relationship that's failing miserably to the point where she doesn't bother to argue anymore. There are some sinister elements, with mentions of &quot;shadows on the wall&quot;, &quot;stalking&quot; and these lyrics.&quot;To have me to hold me, a token for all to see/Captured to be yours alone&quot;. The chiming guitar reminds me of the guitar in 'Vox' from Touch. <br />'Perfect Girl' sounded blah at first but upon reading the lyrics, it's similar to the self-affirmation mood of 'Elsewhere' from FTE. The song culminates in this beautiful lyric, &quot;But I hope in time, you'll find yourself alright alone/You'll find yourself with open arms/you'll find yourself in time.&quot;<br />I was intrigued by the first few notes of 'Dirty Little Secret', they sounded almost sinister. The song then shifts moods and become peaceful. There is a filmic quality to it and I'm sure it'll end up in some film. An accompaniment for &quot;boozy despair&quot; as one music reviewer put it.<br />Overall, Afterglow is excellent but longtime fans know she is capable of much more powerful work. By general pop standards, these songs are top-notch. By singer-songwriter standards and by standards set by Sarah's previous works, Afterglow isn't really your desert-island CD.<br />FTE fans will hold that FTE still remains the best Sarah McLachlan album ever. Surfacing fans are likely embrace the album and see it as a step up from Surfacing. Solace fans will find much to look forward to in Afterglow as it shares some of the same qualities. Non-Sarah fans who are not fans, period; I doubt this record will change their minds. Casual fans who know a few Sarah songs may like it.<br />I say, definitely give Afterglow a listen! 4 stars.
B000092ZYX|5.0|After reading the one review below (the negative one), I decided I had to write a review. This CD may sound different from the other Radiohead CDs, but it is no different in the aspect that they try different sounds, and type of songs. They created their own type of music, and it is developing and growing. Radiohead's older CDs were awsome and creative, and this CD is the same. This CD has a deeper feel and mind set, it may not seem as main stream as some of the older more popular songs, but thats the reason I like radiohead (being different than all that is out there). I encourage everyone to buy it, as it is another awsome CD that will touch you deep inside your soul. This CD is just another super and special production by Radiohead, which has not let me down yet....No one Does It Better.
B00005JKC3|2.0|I took my grandson to see this and he loved it. I knew I was going to be in for 2 hours or so of &quot;hulking out&quot; and I wasn't disappointed.  My beef is with the DVD.  The picture quality of  the copy we purchased looked more like a patchwork quilt and the sound quality was so low that I had to crank up the volume on the TV to hear it properly.  Also, there was a sound that can only be described as film running through a projector.<br />The second copy was better in that the picture quality was good but that sound was still there for most of the film.<br />When you purchase this KEEP YOUR RECEIPT.
B0000AXE8I|4.0|The Matrix Reloaded lacks the the perfect marriage of Action and Story of the first film and the action and story feel contrived at times. However, I think Resolutions will be the Empire Strikes Back of the series and what Return of the Jedi should have been.
B0000AFX64|3.0|I'm 32 and loved this short-lived series when it was on. I also saw the movie when it was in theaters. For some reason I never bought the VHS version, and was glad we now have it on DVD, but it's not quite what it could have been.<br />The Good:<BR>It had been quite a while since I have seen the movie. I was actually expecting a lot of slow parts. That is not the case at all. This film moves along very fast. Maybe too fast. <BR>The special effects are still top notch. I only noticed one place where there was a green \\"glow\\" around a cylon ship. If you use your imagination, you can easily pretend that that is supposed to happen. All the spaceships are still \\"cool.\\" Too bad the film did not have a Base Star versus a Battlestar. <BR>The principal actors were good. I wish we could have gotten more of the love-to-hate-him Baltar.<br />The Bad:<BR>The sound is mono?! Are you kidding me? They should have gone to the expense to put it into at least a basic stereo sound. (My home theater can only do so much.)<br />It's not \\"true\\" widescreen, but it does have a widescreen \\"feel\\" even if all they did was shrink the picture and add the black stripes.<br />The first battle scenes could have been a lot longer. I believe 3 battlestars were blown up, but we only get to see 1. <br />Summary:<BR>I still enjoyed this film after all these years and it did leave me wanting more, both in quantity and quality. I will probably eventually buy the entire series, but only when the price comes down a bit.
B0000C6E4D|5.0|What a refreshing return for one of the most original artists of recent times.  The music on this album is introspective, reflecting a change in view due to the events in her life, and has a natural feel to it that was missing on Surfacing.  The themes of loss and love are universal, and the leadoff single, Fallen, particularly touched a chord in me with its tone of acknowledgement of mistakes made that cannot be undone, yet begging at the same time for understanding.  A superb effort!
6302642256|5.0|This movie made no sense to me when I was a kid, but it was still ill. When i was older i realized he went back in time, knowing that made the movie even iller. Who wouldn't want to ride in a space ship with a robot eye, and beach boys tunes.
B0000C6E4D|3.0|This is a decent CD, and McLachlan's voice sounds as great as ever.  But don't expect to hear the Sarah McLachlan who gave us \\"Possession\\" and \\"Building a Mystery\\".  The rough edges are gone and McLachlan's long slide from rock to adult contemporary is now complete.  I hate to even use this word, but honestly, \\"Celine\\" comes to mind at times. The tracks are slow piano numbers, and having listened to this CD three or four times now, the songs still mostly sound the same.  If you like the most mellow tracks from her previous CDs, you'll love this CD.  But those of us who prefered McLachlan's edgier songs will mourn the transformation.
067101756X|5.0|Having read the TOP Four books in the UFO/Alien/ Government Coverup Genre; My FAVORITE is 'Alien Rapture' by Brad Steiger (Great fiction-soon to be a movie); and Alien Agenda by the best selling author of 'Crossfire' Jim Marrs (Best reference on UFOlogy); and Unconventional Flying Objects (NASA UFO Investigator for 30 years) by the scientist Dr. Paul Hill, I'd say Corso's book is a MUST READ! <br />Why would a respected, decorated, connected Military Officer swear in a Court of Law that the UFO Conspiracy is real and that the facts and agenda in these books ARE TRUE. <br />Why? If you read this excellent book and the others, you will know that they are indeed true. Two well respected American Astronauts have come forward to proclaim they had seen evidence of the Roswell UFO crash and stated they know the cover-up is real. Was his sudden demise a product of this conspiracy? You be the judge.
B00008NRLX|4.0|I just bought this CD a few weeks ago after having heard a few songs. Since then I've heard some stuff from their earlier CDs. How can music this good go so unnoticed by the mainstream? Great vocals, beautiful mixing of country and rock/pop. None of their songs feel &quot;rushed&quot; just to get X number of tracks. Buy it, you will not be sorry.
0385512104|5.0|Unlike some reviewers, I didn't find this book at all humorous -- instead, I found it extremely moving and the best-written book I've read all year. Christopher, the autistic main character and narrator, is such an alien figure in some ways, like someone from another planet -- but the author gets you &quot;into his head&quot; with amazing skill, really helping you to empathize with and understand him. The story is full of suspense, completely riveting, and the protagonist is so heroic -- this is a thrilling and rewarding read all the way to the denouement, for mystery fans and for anyone who loves the way that great fiction can transport you into a life completely unlike your own.
B00001NFCY|4.0|This is my favorite band's worst album.  It's good music, but it just doesn't rock as much as their other two cds do.  Which is a shame because it contains my favorite Creed song, What If.
B000009EAD|5.0|Well, for about 3 years I have been surfing around amazon expanding my music collection. I went from metallica to in flames to dimmu borgir to evoken.  However, somewhere along the line I found a very interesting band (any guesses?). Yep, Iced Earth.  For me at least, their music seemed very awkward at first. I attribute that to the singer's unusual voice, and after hearing a few songs from Horror Show i dismissed the band and moved on. <br />Big mistake! But about a year ago I happened to see SWTWC in a music store. Thinking that my music tastes had improved (or at least hardened) i bought the cd.  What a worthwhile purchase, but enough about me, let's get to the music...<br />This cd has an amazing beginning. Burning Times is one of the best songs on the cd (though there are so many great songs that there is not one &quot;best&quot;). Not very fast, but heavy and somewhat melodic (a lot of the guitar part is reminiscent of Zakk Wylde).  Next comes an enjoyable ballad. Not the best here, but still a great song.  <br />Desciples comes blaring on with blistering speed and raw energy. Probably my least favorite song, but not a bad listen. Watching...is a very moving ballad with emotional lyrics, and a great sound. <br />Taking into consideration the time i've already wasted, and the amount of tracks left, I'll just skip to the highlights.  <br />My Own Savior: Fast-paced, heavy, melodic, has it all...<BR>1776: Interesting instrumental...placed perfectly in the cd...<BR>Blessed Are You: Best ballad on here, one of the best songs,  incredible (reminds me of the Maiden song, Children of the Damned)<BR>And of course the trilogy alone is worth the purchase of the cd.  I would suggest this cd to those who are not yet familiar with Iced Earth's style. This is the most melodic cd of their's that I've heard, and is just a fun disc to listen to.
B000066NW0|1.0|so sid vicious, what's the name of the band you're in?  Oh yeah you don't know, because you suck.  Don't say you're something to try and appeal to the masses cause you're gonna get burned.  If you don't know what i'm talking about, look it up and I swear if you have any kind of respect you'll burn this CD as homage to the guy Avril supposedly is.  Here's a break down of the cd for ya.<br />songs 1 through however many songs she has on this crapjob:<br />sound like a country album.  I guess this is punk if punk is canadian for Leann Rhymes.  Avoid this CD like a fat kid to a mountain of broccoli.<br />&quot;take off all your preppy clothes...&quot;
6305291446|5.0|Too often, producers create a movie that has mass appeal, and so sequels are produced, often compromising quality of material for speed of release.  The Halloween franchise, created by John Carpenter and Debra Hill, met with this fate.  The original Halloween, a stylized slasher film that changed the horror genre forever, became a marketing tool for a series of sequels that attempted to cash in on the first film's success.  The storyline was re-tooled again and again, and with each effort, the Halloween series fell apart, becoming more ridiculous with each film that was released.<br />Halloween H20, the seventh sequel in the series, might have met with much the same fate as its predecessors, but that due to a recent resurgance of popularity in the horror genre with movies like &quot;Scream&quot; and &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer&quot;, Hollywood focused its attention on creating a sequel that would have the same slick feel as these other films, while remaining true to the Halloween storyline that Carpenter created 20 years before.<br />They succeeded.<br />Halloween H20, with help from veteran screen writer Kevin Williamson (Scream, Scream 2, I Know What You Did Last Summer), and starring a young, fresh cast of rising talent; Josh Hartnett (Pearl Harbor), L.L. Cool J, Michelle Williams (Dawson's Creek) &amp; Adam Arkin (Chicago Hope) gave the film a fresh look that made it marketable to a new audience of moviegoers.  The greatest success of the movie though, was that it re-introduced us to the original heroine of the film, Laurie Strode, by bringing back veteran actress Jamie Lee Curtis to reprise the role that made her famous.<br />The storyline, which largely ignored most of the story developed in sequels 3-6, continued the narrative of Strode, who went into hiding by changing her identity to Keri Tate.  Now the headmaster of a private school in California, a mother to John Tate (Hartnett) and a functioning alcoholic, Laurie struggles to overcome the experiences that changed her life when Michael Myers came after her in Haddonfield 20 years earlier.  Her paranoia often gets the better of her, and she sees Michael everywhere-in her mirror, out her window, in her dreams.<br />When John asks permission to go on a school field trip during the weekend of Halloween, Strode is unwilling to let him go.  Frustrated and angered, John confronts her, insisting that her paranoia is inhibiting his growth.  Strode insists that she is only being cautious, but John lashes out, leaving in anger.  Later he learns that his girlfriend and other close friends are going to remain behind as well, and so they instead decide to have a small party of their own on campus.<br />But Michael is coming.  Having learned of Laurie's whereabouts after breaking into the home of Marion Whittington, (Nancy Stephens (who was featured in the original Halloween films)), Dr. Loomis's nurse, and stealing the file on Laurie Strode, he heads out to where she has been hiding for the past 20 years.<br />The movie works because it is fresh, hip, and fast-paced.  It doesn't meander with long, drawn out, dis-jointed murder scenes like some of the earlier films, but instead deals with the characters, providing a level of depth and understanding that makes the audience sympathetic to their plight.  Of course, the audience of these films are clamoring for Michael Myers, and they won't be disappointed.  Though the body count in this film is far less than its predecessors, the murder sequences are intenese and genuinely frightening.<br />H20 really delivers the goods and is a satisfying continuation of the story that Carpenter created with the original Halloween.  Featuring a cameo by Janet Leigh, Curtis's mother and star of the original &quot;Psycho&quot;, this movie is fun, clever with its tongue-in-cheek dialogue between Curtis and Leigh, and down-right frightening, giving audiences a return to Halloween that might keep the franchise alive another 20 years.
B0000C6E4D|5.0|This CD was definatly worth the wait.  I fell in love with every song! This is definatly one of the cds I plan on over listening to.  She never ceases to amaze me.  What a wonderful musician.  There will never be anyone better.
B00005JM0B|4.0|Though many critics have commented that this new Terminator is basically a retelling of the second film, I would like to begin by saying that I was pleasantly surprised by this third installment of this very successful franchise. Though the film lacked the direction of James Cameron, who was largely responsible for the birth of the Terminator series, it was nonetheless a worthy successor to his earlier works. <br />The movie is sharp, with a very definitive, high-tech look and feel about it. Unlike its predecessors, T3 does not have a lot of character development in it, save for a somewhat disarrayed and poorly developed relationship between John Connor (played by Nich Stahl) and Kate Brewster (played by Claire Daines).  The duo, thrown together in a moment of peril, at once loathe one another, only later to discover that they have feelings towards each other.  According to the Terminator (played by Arnold Schwarzenegger), Brewster will eventually become Connor's wife, (presumably this will be seen in Terminator 4). The development of these characters are probably the one notable weakness in this film. <br />What makes this movie work are the intense action sequences, as well as the comedic timing of many of Schwarzenegger's lines and situations. In the opening sequence, the Terminator appears just outside a strip club hosting an all-male exotic dancer review.  Schwarzenegger's character walks in naked, upon which women begin throwing themselve at him.  Upon approaching a male stripper, whose physique is a match to his own, he commands that the stripper gives him his clothes, to which the stripper raises an outstretched palm and stammers \\"talk to the hand.\\"  It is probably one of the funniest moments of the film, and works well to give a moment of liteness to the overall darkness and theme of the story.<br />This movie is definitely a big-budget science fiction/action film with many high budget effects. The new Terminator (played dominently by Kristianna Loken)looksslick and sensual, clad in tight, red leather, combining the sexual appeal of a woman with the lethal force of a killing machine with a single purpose, to hunt down the future leader of a resistance that will rise against the machines and ultimately defeat them.  Loken is completely convincing as the T-X, a prototype Terminator with the ability to change shape and create complex weapons.<br />The opening and closing sequences are probably the most haunting.  Judgement day has arrived, and the movie closes with the first wave of the attack that will end society as it is presently known.  The imagery is haunting, and leaves the viewer with a reminder of the potential threat we all face in the onset of new and better technologies.  Not that this was the intent of the filmmaker, but to their credit, it works well in this film. <br />For anyone who is a fan of this series, T3: Rise of the Machines is a great film.  For those that haven't seen the earlier two, there is enough exposition in this film to allow even an uninitiated Terminator fan to follow the course of events that unfold in this story.  I hesitate to give this movie 5 stars, only because there are some minor weaknesses which, in some ways, makes this a slightly inferior movie to the earlier Terminator films.  However, it is a great film and a worthy successor to Terminator and Terminator 2: Judgement Day.  <br />The DVD edition of this film contains many extras, from storyboards to the development of some of the films incredible special effects.  It also features many interactive extras which are quite enjoyable.  <br />Scott Kolecki
1400049628|5.0|I saw &quot;Night of the Living Dead&quot; when I was very, very young. And ever since then, I've had dreams about hordes of flesh-eating zombies stumbling after me-clawing, snapping, grasping at their intended next meal: me.<br />So when I heard about &quot;The Zombie Survival Guide,&quot; my curiousity was aroused enough to buy it. And I'm glad I did. it's a highly entertaining read, especially for horror film fans with a particular soft spot for the works of George Romero. <br />Max Brooks takes an extremely deadpan approach to the material, rarely if ever letting on that this is all in fun and not to be taken seriously. He goes through chapters about the nature of zombies, the weapons and strategies to be used against them, and accounts of &quot;outbreaks&quot; throughout the world as if this were all absolutely true. Consequently, &quot;Zombie Survival Guide&quot; isn't a laugh-out-loud kind of book, but a knowing-nod-of-recognition read that satisfied with its comprehensive, thorough approach to the admittedly ridiculous material. Brooks has thought of all the angles-even things those that dream about zombies never considered. (A crowbar is your best weapon? Really? Well, you learn something new every day.)<br />If you love monster movies, this is one entertaining book. So buy it! Or suffer the consequences....
B00005JM02|5.0|A fantastic movie.  Visually stunning... Pixar is raising the bar as usual.  The writing is top notch.  Excellent voice acting by Ellen D.  Looking for racial downturns.... hiss.  Lighten up my friend!
B000002A3T|5.0|This is my favorite Pink Floyd CD ever. This really has some deep meaning. Some people just dont get it but it changed my life. Now some people will argue this is not Pink Floyd because there is no Roger Waters. Roger was not forced to leave the band. I must say it sure sounds like Floyd. Any hardcore fan will have to have this CD.
B0000C6E4D|5.0|Well...after the six year wait, I'm very happy this CD is finally released.....I, personally, really like what I've heard so far (6 songs). <BR>I'm a huge Sarah McLachlan fan so I really hope she decides to tour with cd as well.
B0000026NC|5.0|I have to agree Pulse is better but this is good too!! Any true Floyd fan will want both!!
B0000C6E4D|5.0|Sarah has really found herself on this cd.<BR>Every song tells a story, pulling at your every heartstring!!!!<BR>She has been through a lot of turmoil within the last few years, the death of her mother, the birth of her daughter.<BR>These are all her emotions from those years all on one wonderful CD.<BR>Way to go Sarah!!!!!!!!!!
0385486804|5.0|I have never read a book quite like this one.  It feels brooded over by the ghost of dwarf aspens growing along muskeg on a gloomy Alaskan day.  Who cares about the death of foolish young man who selfishly forsakes all who love him to live in the wilds of Alaska by himself, and that without adequate preparation?  Well, who cares about any of us?  If God cared, why did he let the young man die so needlessly, so close to rescue, while his parents and others were praying for him?  <br />These are some of the questions that came to mind as I read this fascinating, sad, and truthful story.  I am glad that Krakauer granted him the dignity to tell his story.  Krakauer's own &quot;flash-back&quot; scenes of foolish outdoor escapades as a young man help to explain his interest.  <br />I grew up partly in Southeast Alaska, and sometimes confused it with heaven; Krakauer corrects that mistake.  This is more a Jack London Alaska, with a bit of Tolstoy thrown in.  <br />In some ways, this book could be described as an American Death of Ivan Ilyich. Of course Tolstoy himself was also a tormented, idealistic, foolish soul.  The Death of Ivan Ilyich was one of the books Christopher read in the wilderness.  Krakauer doesn't follow up on the lead, but it strikes me that the young man's final message, when close to death, was one Ilych might have written, had he been able: &quot;I have had a happy life and thank the Lord.  Goodbye and may God bless all!&quot;  Sometimes, great suffering drives those who witness it away from God, as it drove two people who loved Christopher, while those who suffer understand better than we who do not.  Perhaps Christopher had some kind of encounter with God in those last days, that made his story no longer seem quite the tragedy and riddle for him that it remains for the rest of us.
B0000C6E4D|5.0|The goddess of beautiful music has given us a wonderful gift. Introspective, longing and even a hint of regret, Afterglow is a superb journey that has shadows of FTE (That's Fumbling Toward Ecstasy for you Sarah neophytes). Sarah is the master of painting a picture using layers of lyrics, voice and sound. You can't help but allow her to draw you in. Standout songs included: Train Wreck, Push, Answer and Drifting.<br />Thank you Sarah for you must beautiful gift. It is true that absence makes the heart grow fonder.
0385504209|1.0|There are so many disappointments in this book, I honestly don't know where to start.  The two main characters are boring to the point of tears. When it comes to emotion and action, the writer is forced to do it in description. The characters can't and don't speak like people on the brink of staggering discovery with danger at every turn. Instead, every time they open their mouths, I felt like I was sitting in a lecture room. All action, any energy the story had going for it came to a grinding stop. The writer made a point of beating us over the head that he was highly educated, but does that mean, he has to talk through the entire book like he's standing behind a lectern?<br />The next pot hole in this book is that if the names of the main characters had been removed from the pages, I wouldn't be able to tell which one was speaking because they both sound identical. They had all the depth of a wading pool. Martha Stewart expresses more taunt drama explaining how to boil water.<br />The writer has a lot to learn about conflict, action, and putting characters in danger. Each time the characters were in danger, or had a puzzle to figure out, the writer would explain how a character would be shocked, stomach turning, blood run cold, blah blah blah and drag it out for another paragraph to squeeze as much trite suspense as possible. And the way they got out of danger was so incredibly contrived as to be laughable.<br />And how many times do we have to be told about the feminine this or feminine that? It was clear that the writer was so much more interested in writing a history book than telling a story. Every new discovery side tracked the story while we got yet another lesson.<br />While there is no end how bad I thought this book was, by now my opinion has been made.
B00006879E|5.0|To say this band has a wide spectrum of sounds is an understatement ! This album sounds like a compilation of 13 different bands. This is not a complaint.. but a compliment. These guys are very talented and have a fantastic array of grooves, beats and melodies. <br />You cannot pigeon hole these guys.. they are a rock, ballad, pop, funk, all round cool band !
B000069AUI|2.0|well i loved parachutes and i picked this album up and completely was disappointed by it.  I hate clocks.  the only strong track on here is the scientist.  all you people need to hop off the band wagon not everything the critics like is gold
0345440900|1.0|Even if you don't disagree with her suggestions, she gives very little useful information for many moms.  She might be able to institute her regimen with my baby, but I have no idea how to do it from the information in the book.
B0000C6E4D|5.0|Only one word is needed to describe this album!<br />PERFECTION<br />Certainly worth the wait!
B00006CXXU|5.0|I rarely write reviews but this is a really great CD. The songs are really good, and Christina has an excellent voice. I don't think there's any song I really don't care for, they're all great. Really awesome CD!
B000066F6H|4.0|Great collection of fun, high energy songs.  The Hives are a great punk/rock group.  If you don't know, check them out.  The songs are quick, but fun and rocking.
B00000JTB2|5.0|First, WHY, in G_D's name is the Canadian show not, &quot;cleaned up&quot;, remastered or whatever they do to film, given the best digital sound it can and available to consumers !! This is one of the most important, unforgetable meetings between two generations I have ever heard and seen. It is spectacuar. <br />Of the great &quot;KINGS&quot; of the blues, Albert, Freddie and BB, Albert is my personal favorite. Also his warmth and how he loved to play with those &quot;up and comers&quot; at the time at the Fillmore. Great man, great story, great musician and great role model.<br />PLEASE someone, come out with a commercial video of the TV show. I happen to have a no too good quality video of the TV show and  it is so informal, relaxed and so special. <br />This is one of my favorite recordings of all time. <BR>I know now recording like with the respect of two generations, mentor and pupil, wamrth, incredible guitar playing, the best.<br />The informality of the and the true affection that these tow have for each other comes out. I just love Albert;s words of wisdome for SRV. <br />Jon
1400049628|4.0|Watch out Stephen King.<BR>Another reviewer was right when he/she said this book isn't laugh out loud funny. It's not. But it is very amusing, considering it's not tongue in cheek at all. It's tone is straightforward and very serious. Survivalists, bodyguards, law enforcement and military personnel might get a kick out of how some of their standard weapons and statics are used against zombies because some of the advice rings very true for real defense encounters. And I think horror fans, especially fans of George Romero or the Resident Evil videogames will really like it. It's classic textbook zombie stuff, right down to zombie physiology. ;)<br />But by far, the best and scariest part of the book is the Recorded Attacks section near latter part of the book. These short stories are hella creepy and make for some great camp fire yarns. They are so very well done, especially the one about the gangs in L.A., for a second, you'll be wondering if it's really a parody.<BR>I was expecting something crappy and cheap, but I was surprised. It's a neat little read.
B00009RDG9|4.0|I thought this was a good movie with good performances by the main actors.The story plot is interesting but not anything remarkable.The action scenes were very good and kept you wanting for more.Although I do wish there were actually more action scenes instead of all the drama and chasing.Not a flawless movie,but very worth your time seeing it.
078681859X|4.0|Young wizard apprentice Nathaniel has been belittled and held down his entire life. The last straw is being humiliated by the older and much more powerful wizard, Simon Lovelace. He concocts a plan to steal the Amulet of Samarkand from Lovelace after he overhears the pains Lovelace took to obtaining it. The lynchpin of his revenge plan, however, rests in summoning Bartimaeus, a middle-brow Djinn to steal the amulet. <br />Bartimaeus, while hardly pleased at being ordered around by a 12 year old is forced to obey and steals the amulet, setting off a much larger chain of events that Nathaniel could have never predicted.<br />There's plenty of humor in THE AMULET OF SAMARKAND, courtesy of the Djinn Bartimaeus himself. But this is clearly not a case of good vs. evil as it is w/the Harry Potter series. The reader is given much to suspect that despite the sympathy the reader can feel for Nathaniel and his rough childhood, there is much to suggest he is hardly what you would label as \\"good.\\" <br />I'm eagerly awaiting the next installments to see which side of the fence Nathaniel falls on. The crux of this series lies in the love/hate relationship Nathaniel and Bartimaeus have and by god is it ever entertaining to read. Highly recommended for anyone who is not looking for a simple good vs. evil story.
B000002L7R|5.0|This is a psychedelic masterpiece,after listening to Purple Rain in 1984 I was looking foward to what \\"the kid \\" would come out with needless to say i hated it when it came out in the spring of \\"85\\" but after repeated listenings through the years it has grown on me like a fine wine.It is the best of the three middle albums begining with 'Purple Rain' (which now seems so trite )as opposed to this masterpiece of an album in which he did not want any singles released on it but to be listened to as a whole album expericence. I was 19 then and didn't know how to look at records as a whole then The songs flow like kind of a mini suite an ode to sex, drugs, god , the fight for one mans's soul. The Revolution played their hearts out,there are so many styles in the Prince mileu  on this album from Psychedelic Soul/Funk to Beatlesque Pop to drop down Gospel to Bo Diddley style blues rock get this album now.
B00007E8V4|5.0|This is a really nice album. The singer's name is Serj, not Chavo. Shavo, not Chavo, is the bassist. Plus Serj is cool.<br />Right now I like &quot;A.D.D.&quot; the best. &quot;Mr. Jack&quot; doesn't really do it for me. I look forward to listening to this album more.
0195073401|5.0|Most people complaining about the level of math do apparantly not realize that the mathematics used in graduate textbooks on economics is quite elementary. This means, if you don't know the tools needed to understand MWG, read an optimization text like sundaram and you will be ready. No prerequisites for that. it is funny to read all the reviews complaining about the lack of intuition. You guys do not have any idea of what science is about.
B00005JM02|5.0|Many DVD versions of films seem to include extra features only as a way of justifying a high price without actually providing anything extra you'd want. That is certainly NOT the case with Finding Nemo! Disk 1 contains the widescreen movie and many thoughtful, good quality extra features. Disk 2 contains the pan-and-scan (fullscreen) version of the movie and DIFFERENT extra features than disk 1. The introduction on Disk 1 suggests that after watching the film once, watch it again with the &quot;Visual Commentary&quot; turned on. This includes the usual verbal comments, but also cut-scenes showing how key pieces of animation were done and a &quot;virtual aqauarium&quot;. Finding Nemo is a well-done and innovative DVD that actually justifies having two disks with more than just the film inside. The movie itself is entertaining on repeated viewings for young and old(er) alike. Oh, and that great little short that ran with the movie in the theaters, it's here too!
B00003CWPL|5.0|Many viewers of Eraserhead have exhausted all avenues of erudition to decipher the complex pandoras box of Lynch's debut film.  I too, belonged to this cogitative elite.  Many have tried to implicate the intimation of theosophical reference or cosmological theory or refutation of deities as the main focus of the picture.  However, it occured to me sometime ago that Eraserhead is not that complicated.  Not as much as Lost Highway or Mulholland Drive , but certainly there is a trick to it all.  If you know even the most trivial of facts regarding Mr. Lynch, you probably are aware that he despises Philadelphia.  Viewing the film with this in mind, I became somewhat enlightened of the situation that Lynch was in.  In the duration of the five years in which Eraserhead was made, Lynch was living in a penurious and violent area of Philadelphia.  He was also facing the arrival of his progeny-his daughter (born with clubbed feet).  It began to arise in my consciousness, that Henry is thrown into the forlorn world of Eraserhead by a malefic preternatural pater familias (a malevolent God).  This being continually interjects elements into Henry's life to prolong his suffering.  As Henry peers into the demarcating radiator, the only source of warmth in the film, death (in the form of the Lady in the Radiator) tries to convince Henry to commit suicide.  Now I myself cannot certifiably verify nor defend my interpretation, but I personally see Eraserhead as a kind of amphigory about man's inherent possibilities and the precarious stimuli that always seems to threaten the realization of his fullest abilities.  When I attempt to discern any of the lumbering theories about the film's implications, I can only really say that the movie's meaning will depend upon you the viewer.    But meaning is hardly the point of Eraserhead and I would be an arrant fool to attempt to describe its power to you.  All I can tell you is that I have contemplated all the permutations of \\"meaning\\" regardingthe film and I have settled reasonably on my own conclusions (of which I shall not divulge here, as that would be doing those who have not witnessed it a gross iniquity).  I shall merely state that the paucity of individuals who identify with Henry Spencer's predicament and know the tenebrous industrial atmosphere of Eraserhead like the back of their hand all feel the same reverence towards the film.  And I speak personally (once again) by stating that it is the only film I've ever viewed in my entire life that I identified (inexplicably) with.
B000063UR1|3.0|Doug Trumbull's Silent Running came out at a time when the ecology was more of an issue for most folks. The themes of the 60's inform every frame just as they provided the subtext for 2001. It's not a perfect film but perfection isn't the point; it's a good, entertaining film with a solid message at its core.<br /><br />The effects work was dazzling for its time and few films from the same time frame had anything remotely as good. Although the script is occasionally weak, Bruce Dern's over-the-top performance fits the film for some crazy reason as if he's trying to make up for the lack of other actors appearing in the film.<br /><br />Basically Dern is among a crew of astronauts that are guarding the last reminants of Earth's forests. The world has become a less than hospitable place; overpopulation has ruined much of our planet. When an order to destroy the orbiting biodome comes down, Freeman (Dern)rebels and ends up killing his indifferent crewmates. Freeman cuts himself off from Earth and ends up leaving the solar system with only three robot companions for company.<br /><br />To say any more about the plot would spoil it. While the film's ecological message is admirable, the film's logic if flawed. Trumbull's direction, effects work and Dern's marvelous performance dominate the film and make even the weakest moments of the film work. As a man out of step with his time, Dern manages to breathe life into the character of Freeman. He becomes more than a cypher and or a sympbol. Dern's performance makes Freeman's temporary insanity and his anguish very real.<br /><br />The DVD comes complete with a period documentary as well as a commentary by Douglas Trumbull and Bruce Dern as well as a number of other interesting bonus features. The picture quality is pretty good overall and the sound solid. The sound hasn't been remixed for Dolby 5.1.
0553277472|2.0|When I was first assigned to read this book, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance seemed to have quite an intriguing title.  I had heard from others who had previously read it that I would learn to hate this book.  I tried to keep an open mind as I started reading this book, which proved to be very difficult throughout the remainder of it.  The book was extremely long and confusing.<BR> It begins as Robert Pirsig takes his son, Chris, on a motorcycle trip from Minnesota to California.  As they journey, Pirsig begins a Chautauqua, completely detailing everything around him.  The reader would assume this is just a part of the story, perhaps adding a bit to the main plot.  This is far from the truth.  Pirsig tends to ramble on and on about the smallest details, especially Quality.  In fact, the entire Part III is devoted to trying to describe an \\"indefinable\\" word.  I can now say that I hate the word \\"quality\\" with a passion.  <BR> Along with his analysis of Quality, Pirsig attempts to explain the ideas of many great Greek philosophers, including Socrates and Plato.  A person would have to have a basic knowledge of their philosophies to understand most of this.  I, on the other hand, know very little and was lost the majority of the time.  Because of this, I would not recommend Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance to anyone not wanting a difficult read or anyone else for that matter.  I'd keep a dictionary, and maybe an encyclopedia, nearby just in case.
B00005OM4Q|5.0|This is a really great movie. It's the story of William, who's a 15-year-old kid who wants to be a rock journalist.  Thinking he's in his 30s, Rolling Stone Magazine sends him on a tour with the band Stillwater to do an article that could possibly make the cover.  Along his trip that just keeps getting extended, William has some crazy encounters.  He has to rescue a suicidal band member on Acid, he meets Penny Lane (Kate Hudson), whom he really grows to love, and almost gets killed in a plane.  This movie is a great movie for all people who love rock and the 70s.  It's also a good story about friendship, family, and relationships in general.
076790592X|5.0|Tuesdays with Morrie is a very inspirational book and should be a required read for everyone.  The language used is easy enough to understand but still effective.  The lessons to be learned can inspire many.  <BR> Morrie Schwartz is diagnosed with a terminal illness.  He soon becomes reacquainted with a former student, who is the author of this book, Mitch Albom.  They meet at Morrie's house every Tuesday-hence the name of the book.  The different topics they discuss, I feel at least, everyone can relate to.  <BR> Hopefully the reader sees the most important lesson of all-to live life to its fullest.  Numerous times Morrie states \\"Once you learn how to die, you learn how to live\\".  This should be widely taught, for many people quit living when they discover their destiny.  He improved his relationships, not letting them go to shambles like everyone else.  He let his emotions completely penetrate him.  He no longer cared about what society thought; he had slowly created his own culture.  <BR> I would highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a good book.  Once I picked it up, I had to read it cover to cover.  The emotions and flow of the story make the reader feel as if he/she is right there with Morrie.  Morrie may seem like an ordinary dying man, but he is far from that.  He continues to touch others' lives even after his passing.
B0000AXE8I|1.0|I thought that the Maxtrix was a great Movie.  They should have left it alone because there was very little plot and the rave (sex scene) was just to long and it felt like it was just filler to take up time.  What a terrible movie.  I might catch the third one on DVD.
1565847032|5.0|noam came to my school a few months after 9/11. his lecture was prophetic, linking the attacks to inevitable invasions of afghanistan and iraq. i read this book as an introduction into progressive thought. warning, dont take anything in this book at face value. the book has extensive footnotes, so try to validate everything for yourself. this book was truly remarkable for me, and holds a special place in my heart.
B000003CMB|5.0|This live recording is generally hailed as one of the greatest of all time. Rightfully so. My introduction to The Allman Brothers Band was with the 1992 The Fillmore Concerts double disc. I thought it was brilliant. Everything I had read was true. What I didn't know was that I was not actually listening to the ORIGINAL recordings the way they were heard on the original album. After hearing the original At Fillmore East I realized that some of the solos were slightly different and that Elizabeth Reed (according to the liner notes in The Fillmore Concerts) was pieced together from two different takes. The 1992 version also sounded a little too slick. The original reigns supreme. Producer Tom Dowd had good intentions with the 1992 version, but did not realize that his tinkering took away from the sheer, one-take beauty of these performances. This is the ultimate Allman Brothers. Impossible not to love and listen to over and over again especially for musicians such as myself. However, buy the deluxe edition that was released on Sept.23. It has all the original mixes plus the incredible One Way Out from Eat A Peach. Mountain Jam, Midnight Rider, Trouble No More are also included and they are excellent. The deluxe edition is the definitive version of these extraordinary performances.
076790592X|5.0|Just when you thought that no one could truly make sense of life and understand the basics of living and dying, then comes along Morrie Schwartz.  Tuesdays With Morrie, a warm and touching memoir of Morrie's last months on earth, is and unlikely book to lift your spirits.  This book is sprinkled with wise words and \\"aphorisms\\" that you never had time to hear from your grandma.  It is an honest look at life and how to live with no regrets.  Morrie, who is terminally ill, is able to give advise on \\"what to pack\\" when it comes to leaving this world.  The style of writing often even seems poetic and truly straight from the heart.  <BR> This book could comfort a person living with a terminal disease or comfort the family and friends.  It could also prepare a person for coping with death in the future.  Morrie not only gives advise, but he lives it.  It is not just another book about death, but it is a true demonstration of a positive and proactive outlook on life cut short.  No matter what stage of live a person is in, Tuesdays With Morrie can be applied directly.  It is a book that could be read as a family, and it would be most effective when group discussion is involved.  For a straight-forward, honest book about life in a nutshell, one should place Tuesdays With Morrie at the top of the list.
B00009MGQL|5.0|After seeing Jeff play live in Chicago, he closed the show with My Thing and Terry Bozzio ripped and roared while Jeff soared. Went out and bought the cd the next day and was at first, disappointed. But, when Blow by Blow was released I had to listen to it a few times before understanding how great Beck is. One song that Beck plays live that needs to be released is, A Day in The Life. His studio version is great, but live, he sends shivers down everyones back, his guitar as good of a voice as John Lennon... and if Lennon heard it, he would probably agree.This cd may not fit peoples perception of Beck, but after spinning it a few times, it was the same as Blow by Blow, something no other player can do. I wish other artist stretched themselves out as well. Clapton, Page, Allman Brothers, Little Feat, Buddy Guy all are outstanding yet still sound the same. Even Joe Walsh would blow people away if he took some risks. For those who doubt, both Clapton and Page admit Beck is the best.
0553277472|2.0|Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance by Robert M. Pirsig gives a whole new definition to the phrase \\"deep thinking.\\"  The observations, conclusions, and speculations recorded in this novel are quite thought-provoking, but to the non-philosophical mind often become monotonous.  The author ponders numerous simple themes in unnecessarily complicated ways.  There are two kinds of readers who read this book:  those whose brains hurt from thinking too hard, and those whose brains just go numb and refuse to take in anymore complex nonsense.  I was probably both of these at one point or another in this book.  One could also argue that there is a third type of reader-one who takes in every little detail and enjoyably soaks in every statement.  I personally think that these people are insane right along with the narrator.  But for any type of reader, there are many lessons that can be learned from the author's experiences, insights, and mistakes.  <BR> This story also gets the reader thinking about topics that a person would not typically think about.  My initial response to the early chapters of the book was wonder and adventure, but then the tone of the book changed considerably.  I often found myself having to read the same sentence several times in order to derive its meaning, and then once I understood the meaning, I was usually even more confused.  The book does do a nice job of getting the reader into the mind of an insane person, and to understand how different minds think.  The tone of the story was also very apparent, and the change in tone made lasting impressions on the reader. The novel, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance, can be compared to its title-it's long, it's confusing, and it leaves the reader saying \\"huh?\\"
B0000C6E4D|5.0|I have been following Sarah Mclachlan since I heard the cd Solace and have been hooked in and kept me returning to her beautiful voice.<br />This cd is just another showing of her ability.  It's an incredible mix of heart felt, more personal than ever sounds and melodies.  After such emotional times in her life such as the death of her mother and the birth of her daughter, this cd is a reflection of her emotions and a porthole into her soul.  A very impressive collection!!<br />Sarah is an artist that writes from her soul and experiences.  These mellow songs will keep you warm and tells the tales of hope and death and life.  I would highly recommend this to all.
0767824571|5.0|Monty Python and the Holy Grail, probably one of the top five funniest movies ever, now on a special edition DVD. This movie only appeals to those who enjoy British humor, not the typical American punch-line humor. Most of the jokes are hidden, like the discussion of coconuts and swallows at the castle wall, then a few scenes later showing Sir Bedevere tying a coconut to a swallow.<br />There is a six man cast, just like the other movies made by the Monty Python crew, films such as The Meaning of Life and The Life of Brian. Everything about this movie is hilarious and nothing should ever change about it.
B0000C7PQK|5.0|Seriously! When I first heard this album, I was quick to write it off instantly. After having waited this long for the new album, is this what I'm going to get? I was sorely disappointed. My expectations were overly high and I was terribly let down. I didn't play it till another day or two, and strangely this time, I didn't pay much attention to it, leaving it to play in the background while I was surfing the web. Then it hit me! Only the opening track (From East To The West) hints of any traces of the old Enigma with its panpipe flute which beautifully merges into a lush masterpiece of its own. The eccentric title track is one of the most diversified thing that Enigma has done - quirky and hypnotic. Then I was totally arrested by the ultra dancey Boum Boum, with its simple lyrics but very effective dance groove, this track is begging for club remixes! It's definitely one, if not, my favorite track on the album! The Look Of Today is another awesome dance track, with its uplifting beats and repetitive chorus. The Piano is such a beautiful and mesmerizing piece of gem, neatly tucked amongst the more danceable songs. The closing song on the album, Following The Sun, is another highlight of this great enigmatic musical journey, and I'm beginning to get very comfortable to Ruth-Ann singing lead vocals as she has somewhat become an integral part of Enigma since The Screen Behind The Mirror. Do not be judgmental, let your heart lead the way and listen to this album without prejudice. For when you let down your guard, that's when the musical landscapes will capitivate your soul.
0316776963|5.0|Man, this book is funny! This guy is a genius at highlighting the humorous aspects of everyday life. I could totally relate to his experiences in France. Not so much the language issues as the general experience of living in a foreign country (in my case, the U.S.). <br />I also had a good time reading about the author's experiences in the art world. It was nice to find out that my own suspicions about conceptual art weren't totally off the mark.<br />Highly readable!
0446530891|5.0|David Baldacci's current thriller is another winner.  It follows the investigations of two highly skilled but disgraced secret service agents out to find the answers to the mysterious events that have been haunting them.<br />Sean King was an accomplished secret service agent until his attention wandered for just a 'Split Second' that changed his life.  Now a successful attorney he's living a quiet life in Virginia while continuing to dabble in law enforcement as a part time deputy sheriff.  Suddenly King discovers the dead body of a man in the witness protection program in his office and now he must find some answers before he becomes the lead suspect.<br />Michele Maxwell is the quintessential over achiever.  She's a Harvard grad, an attorney, an Olympic silver medalist, and a rising star in the secret service.  Then she makes a small error in judgement.  She allows her protectee to enter a funeral home alone, to pay his respects to the widow of his former mentor, and he is abducted. With her career in ruins Maxwell seeks answers which lead her to Sean King and some uncanny connections between two incidents almost a decade apart.<br />In 'Split Second' Baldacci has once again penned compelling characters and intriguing suspense.  He managed to take three seemingly unrelated events and seamlessly weave them into a spell binding mystery. Maxwell and King are extremely likable and convincing.  They reluctantly make a great pair of detectives with just a hint of romantic interest.  It is impossible to put this one down until the final culprits are revealed. I was glad to read that Baldacci is working on another book that will bring back King and Maxwell.
B0000024V2|4.0|Discovered by New York club empresario Steve Paul in 1968, and signed to a hefty, six-figure contract, Johnny Winter stayed true to his Texas rock and roll, r and b, and blues roots on Second Winter, his 1969 offering that many people consider his best album. Most artists either scatter their best material over the entire album or place the best songs near the front for maximum listening effectiveness. Second Winter is one of the few albums I know where (to me) the best material is saved for last. The album starts out fine with the searing \\"Memory Pain,\\" a tribute to addiction recovery with scalding lyrics, and an intense vocal performance from Johnny. The next two tracks, \\"I'm Not Sure,\\" and \\"The Good Love,\\" are good, not great songs; again, it's surprising that Winter (or his record company) should choose to place such mediocre material first. Then comes brother Edgar Winter's tinkling saloon piano, and right away, you know your in for something special with the first of two fabulous Little Richard covers, \\"Slippin' and Slidin'.\\" Edgar's greasy roadhouse sax playing and Johnny's fiery guitar solo put you in early rock and roll heaven! Next, Johnny gives an impassioned vocal performance of Richard's \\"Miss Ann,\\" filled with warmth, humor, and passion. Too much! Then, a first-rate rendition of the Chuck Berry standard \\"Johnny B Goode,\\" makes the overplayed chestnut seem fresh and new. Winter also proves that Bob Dylan, like many great poets, has roots in the blues with his honking, shouting version of \\"Highway 61 Revisited\\". Outa Site! (as we used to say in the Dark Ages!). This superfine CD closes with four fabulous originals: The guitar-laden \\"I Love Everybody,\\" the horn-driven \\"I Hate Everybody,\\" the hard-driving \\"Hustled Down In Texas,\\" and the ultra-psychedelic, marching beat, guitar-on-mega-overdrive swagger of \\"Fast Life Rider.\\" Take me home, mama! So, if you love great Texas blues, particularly of the pre-Stevie Ray Vaughan, psycho-killer variety, grab a listen to Second Winter today. It bees goode!!!
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|Unlike the other reviewers,I do not think this sounds the same as &quot;Is This It.&quot;  If anyone noticed the vocals are turned down (going for less of a pop sound), and some of the songs resemble songs from the punk era.  The album is equally as great as &quot;Is This It.&quot;  This album will sell more copies than the first, as America finally has been exposed to what New York and Europe got a first look at 3 years ago.<br />Buy the album if you want the best album of 2003.
B00005TT77|4.0|It seems strange if not totally ironic that the Beatles have a strict self-imposed policy of not licensing their songs for films given that some of their music has been used in television commercials.  Then again, the first time I remember hearing less than stellar covers of Beatles songs was in the made for television movie of &quot;Helter Skelter&quot; (and I also recall that George Harrison had refused to allow any of the lyrics from his songs to be reprinted in the book).  Anyhow, the result was that when Sean Penn's 2002 film &quot;I Am Sam&quot; was denied permission, the obvious solution was to see if anybody was interested in recording covers of some classic Beatles tune.  Not surprisingly artists from Aimee Mann and Sarah McLachlan to Eddie Vedder and the Wallflowers signed on for the project.<br />The other irony with this soundtrack is that the film was cut to match the original songs, which hamstrung these artists in recording their new versions.  Even with that limitation there are some charming covers to be found in these 17 tracks beginning with the Aimee Mann and Michael Penn duet of &quot;Two of Us,&quot; and the acoustic version of &quot;Blackbird&quot; by McLachlan and &quot;You've Got to Hide Your Love Away&quot; by Vedder.  My favorite is probably Ben Harper's version of &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever,&quot; which is strange because I never cottoned to the original.  The other standout tracks are &quot;Don't Let Me Down&quot; by the Stereophonics and Rufus Wainwright's version of &quot;Across the Universe&quot; (which begs the question, whatever happened to Fiona Apple?).  Unfortunately there are several tracks that are less than inspiring, including the surprisingly listless &quot;Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds&quot; by the Black Crowes and the rather lackluster &quot;We Can Work It Out&quot; by Heather Nova.<br />Obviously the choice of label influenced the selection of the artists that appear on the &quot;I am Sam&quot; soundtrack, because for every &quot;name&quot; artist like Sheryl Crow there are two or three you will be hearing for the first time.  Still, it is hard to really mess up a album that covers Beatles songs, and once you have enjoyed these you may well be inspired to go check out some of the classic covers that are out there, such as Richie Havens' &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot; and the long live version of &quot;A Little Help From My Friends&quot; by Joe Cocker.for every &quot;name&quot; artist like Sheryl Crow there are two or three you will be hearing for the first time.  Still, it is hard to really mess up a album that covers Beatles songs, and once you have enjoyed these you may well be inspired to go check out some of the classic covers that are out there, such as Richie Havens' &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot; and the long live version of &quot;A Little Help From My Friends&quot; by Joe Cocker.
0446677450|5.0|I first heard of this book when J.P. Morgan on the cover of the Wall Street Journal referred to Rich Dad Poor Dad as a &quot;must read for millionaires.&quot;<br />Most people know by now that this is the true story of Kiyosaki's two fathers, one, his real dad had a high income but was poor. The other, his friends dad, but Kiyosaki's mentor and Rich Dad.<br />Kiyosaki learned that income alone does not create wealth as he learned from his &quot;Poor Dad.&quot; Seeking financial freedom, Kiyosaki learned from his &quot;Rich Dad&quot; the keys to wealth.<br />Kiyosaki went on to amass a fortune and lost it. But remembering the lesson taught from his &quot;Rich Dad&quot;, started over and amassed yet another fortune and retired at age 47.<br />The book will tell you some things you don't want to hear like a house is not an asset, 401 (k)s and so called &quot;safe&quot; investments are not quite so safe. That there is no such thing as job security and the world is full of &quot;bullies&quot; who will tell you how much money you can make, when and how many vacations you can take, lunch breaks etc.<br />Kiyosaki's &quot;Poor Dad&quot; was fired at age 50 and learning from this, Kiyosaki tells us that the only real security and freedom is in being your own boss.<br />Kiyosaki goes on to say that both of his dads were &quot;honest, good, honorable men&quot; but his poor dad, although a hard worker was weak and consequently ended up broke.<br />Interesting is that Kiyosaki pledges his first book, &quot;If you want to Be Rich and Happy, Don't Go To School?&quot; to his poor dad.Goes to show that Kiyosaki has class and truely loved his Poor but real dad.<br />Rich Dad Poor Dad is an excellent book. The main message is to take responsibility for your life. You are either a master of money or a slave to it.<br />In addition to Rich Dad Poor Dad, I also recommend &quot;Cash Flow Quadrant&quot;, &quot;Rich Dad's Success Stories&quot;, &quot;The Millionaire Next Door&quot; and &quot;More Wealth Without Risk.&quot;
B00005JKC3|3.0|The more I watch this movie the more I forgive it for disappointing me at it's summer 2003 release.  Hulk really isn't bad, it's just misunderstood much like ol' greenskin himself.  The problem is the creators mixed the wrong kind of filming techniques for this movie.  One person wanted it to focus on the characters' drama, another wanted it to resemble a comic book, and another thought it should rely on it's sci-fi roots.<br />I, like most who went to see Hulk expected a slam-packed, action-based summer blockbuster.  What we saw was a movie that couldn't make up it's mind as to what kind of film it was trying to be!  But darn it, the movie isn't as bad as people say it is.  The acting was great, the action (what little there is) is heavy, and the Hulk looks awesome!  One thing I really didn't care for was the infamous multi-panel presentation in certain scenes, combining multiple angles in the same frame.  It was an annoying and unnecessary artistic endeavor.<br />The first thing that happens when you put the DVD in your player is you're forced to watch half a dozen short previews for other Universal DVD releases.  There is no way to skip these previews but you CAN fast forward through them.  Universal does this on purpose in the hopes such forced advertising succeeds in selling more of their products and it's underhanded of them.<br />The special features offer almost everything a viewer could want.  I was particularly amused watching how the dogfight scene was filmed.  Seeing the effects coordinators dress a real dog in a motion capture suit was something else.  For those of us with an X-Box the 2nd disk has a nifty playable demo of the Hulk video game; a nice bonus.  The making-of segments gave me a new appreciation of what went into the movie, and it will probably do the same for you.<br />Personally I think Hulk is a worthy purchase.  Watching a large green monster convincingly wreak havoc in a feature film is satisfying on a primal level.
B0000C6E4D|5.0|Sarah seems a bit more mellow this time, but her music is still phenomenal.  I've been listening to Afterglow all day and can't get enough.  This album beats my expectations.
0060090383|3.0|This is the second book by Marian Keyes that I have read.  The first was Angels.  This book is wonderful if you are looking for a lazy day on the beach read.  I did not come across any life shattering and moving excerpts, however I do enjoy a light read now and again.  If you are into the whole chick literature scene I would certainly recommend this book for you.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|Critic, this is their second album.  And if you really were a critic you would see the value in being original and not just putting out a critic friendly &quot;pop&quot; album.  Get a clue. . .  Instead they actually try some different effects on this album, and make it sound great.
B00002ZMNV|5.0|What happens when you mix a heavy metal band with the San Francisco Symphony?  High quality sounds that compliment one another.  This is a highly creative (and original) task.  Although I am not typically a fan of this gentre, Metallica knows how to transcend one's worries into the emotional impulses flowing through one's mind when listening to the work.  The music demands--yes, demands--that it be played loud to hear the different symbols, vibrations, and impulses from the work.<br />The base is particularly noticeable, vibrating entire rooms if played loud enough.  My favorite songs on this track include &quot;Nothing Else Matters,&quot; which send shivers down my spine, especially if listened to during a particularly negative mood swing.  Nothing else matters indeed, especially after you listen to this and get over the pain you may experience at a particular time.  A great band: Just wish they created more albums!<br />-- Michael Gordon
B0000DZ3EA|5.0|While this collection is a major improvement over Shaking the Tree, it is not without its problems. There are no inclusions from Peter Gabriel 2 and Passion, and OVO is over-represented. Having said that, this 2-disc set summarizes Peter Gabriel's work very nicely. The new or casual fan should purchase this album first, while those of us who already own most of his recordings will want it primarily for the excellent new track, &quot;Burn You Up, Burn You Down&quot;.
B0000AXE8I|3.0|Yeah, hi. Time to add a little more junk to this junkpile of 1100+ reviews...<BR>When I saw the first Matrix I would have been like, &quot;Whoa....What?&quot; But it's good to have friends who have seen it enough times to point out that in the virtual world you notice that all the shots have green bases. Very clever. It's not exactly that confusing.<BR>But in the Matrix Reloaded...you have to give it some kinda credit, right? I mean, it's a sequel! The sword Morpheus was carrying was shiny....^_^ Oh, gotta love the twins. Such lack of emotion kind of reminds me of the Shmoopies. (Yeah, you won't know what I'm talking about.... Give it a few years' time.) *sigh* I'm just rambling, aren't I?<BR>Ok...now for the &quot;This movie was so terrible!&quot; part. The movie revolved around choice and purpose. Come to think of it...this movie was practically chained to these motifs and without a blowtorch handy. Some of the dialogue...not the French guy...Morpheus was kinda eh....TRINITY'S! Absolutely cornballed.<br />Trinity: Is that good for us or bad for us?<BR>Neo: Every floor is wired with explosives.<BR>Trinity: Bad for us.<BR>Gee, Trin...way to state the obvious!<br />A lot of the fighting...each fighting scence was a lame excuse to stick in some bullet time and martial arts. And toward the end when Neo's using his special stop-flying-objects-in-midair thing for the Sentinals, I was just thinking &quot;Ok, pass out already, we know it's going to happen.&quot; And whaddaya know? HE DOES! I agree with a lot of people...this was very much like a video game. *Waits for the pop-up* &quot;You have just fallen into a coma-induced sleep. GAME OVER! To play again, please insert 25 cents.&quot;<BR>Kay, I'm done ranting. In short, the movie was cheesy, but it made you think. Hopefully Revolutions won't be too predictable. *gets the ZION WINS!!!! sign and strings up some lights and bannders*
