0439023513|5.0|Why people don't like this book? I love the third book it was realistic. It was was is expected out real life. We get so immerse int he story and forget we are reading about a teenage girl. The most temperamental and uncontrollable being. The parts that seem more inexplicable are the part that the same Katniss can't understand. I have seen war very close to me and think the author took what war really is an portray it throughout the eyes of a teenage girl. I love the book and the trilogy. I love that is not a perfect ending. Is not a \\"Happily ever after\\" ending. These books are the best I had read in a long time.
B001GCUNYO|5.0|This video was actually a Christmas gift for my daughter,and I don't know anything about the movie.  However, my daughter was delighted to receive it.  It arrived quickly and in excellent condition.
B003M7BLOW|4.0|replaced amd rangor dual core in a dell inspiron 570 with little problem....just make sure of compatibility. running corel video x3 studio was a cinch with no more app crashes....definitely noisier, but well worth the upgrade.
0688014291|4.0|This is a simple, though not simplistic, management book which can be read in one sitting and the message is easily understood.  The principle is that by setting clear goals, praising people when you catch them doing something right (this is by far the most important takeaway from the book) and promptly reprimanding them, in an objective, matter of fact way, whenever they veer off the right path, you become an effective and efficient manager while setting people on the right path to managing themselves and eventually managing others.  Though no credit is given to others for these ideas, it's clear that they are founded on the principles of positive reinforcement that come from behavioral psychology and had previously proved efficacy in fields ranging from animal training, therapy for people with disabilities (i.e. applied behavioral analysis used for autism) and various forms of mental illness, and can definitely help regular people achieve even higher levels of performance.<br /><br />The book is almost 30 years old and, because it's more principle centered rather than practical, I would say it has stood the test of time quite well.  Given today's complex work environment, where often times responsibilities are difuse and not clearly defined, things like \\"one minute\\" goal settings should be taken in a more aspirational than in a literal way, and as long as you see it that way you can get much value out of this book.  In fact many performance management systems today are already based on these ideas, so it's useful to understand them.
B0045HCJ9E|5.0|What can one say about a DVD. Good quality remembering that the movie was made in 1957. As soon as Hollywood does another this well I will buy it too.:)
B000Y7U98W|1.0|If you own a Sony Blu-Ray player, including the PS3, DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE!  The Picture-in-Picture (PIP) feature cannot be turned off.   As you watch the movie, the PIP turns on and has a commentary start in the middle of the movie, the movie keeps playing so you miss important parts, and it CANNOT be turned off.  It's like an annoying person spouting useless facts every few minutes throughout the movie.  You can do an internet search and see that Fox and Sony are well aware of this problem, it has been known for months, and are more than happy to continue to sell a defective product.
B0045MPPJK|5.0|My girlfriend got me this for Christmas.  It's awesome.  If you like their songs and style on youtube, you will like what's on the cd.
B003NFM3JK|5.0|I thought I would like this video. I loved it. Jim Carey did a fantastic job. Watch video all the way through the credits at the end. It takes a while but when they are over you get to see how they made this video. Unbelievable,
B002NXOQF2|5.0|Watership down is the best story I have ever read. Part one was slow and I was not that interested. Part two the story started to pickup. When I got to part three I had a vary hard time seting the kindle down. By the time I got to part four peole had to pull the kindle out of me hand to get me to stop reading!
0061733199|5.0|This is an exceptionally high quality book.  It is well written and contains a wealth of information.  It is on a par, if not better, with the Ranger Handbook.
0060179872|5.0|I had no problems with the purchase nor the state of the book everything was excellent and I got the book sooner than expected.
B0040UAYI4|5.0|I have to say I bought this for my husband for Christmas and it was practically his favorite gift.  He's a big fan of computer games, but these days it costs lost of money to keep them updated in order to play the newest games.  With the Eagle Eye Converter he's able to play his favorite kind of games like COD Black Ops on his PS3 but still have the control a keyboard and mouse give.  Thanks to this seller, the item came shipped on time and in great condition!
1565234243|5.0|Very nice book full of wonderful pictures. Gave this as a gift to my father who is a woodcarver and he loved it!
B00009TB5G|5.0|This was a hard to find gift for Christmas.  Amazon comes through as the only place I could find it.  Thanks to the seller I bought it from, it came on time and in great shape.  Thanks again!
0439023513|1.0|Refer to the review \\"Just think of Peeta's \\"hijacking\\" as a metaphor for what nihilistic anti-war propaganda does to 'Mockingjay'...,\\"    This was awful...
B002ZG99N6|1.0|This is not a review for the movie. The movie is spectacular.    On the Special Features section Amazon says this DVD has a Director's Commentary. That is the reason I bought this. I wanted to listen to the commentary and I don't own a Blu-Ray player (otherwise I would have bought the BD).    Still an awesome movie, but no commentary.
B0034G4P7G|5.0|I was starting on my postgrad work at Harvard right about the time this was all happening and yet never knew about it.  As debatable as its accuracy may be, it's a compelling tale about how one anonymous college kid's desire to get into one of the centuries-old precursors to fraternities led to him becoming the youngest billionaire in human history much to the chagrin of the old-money jocks who wanted to use him to create the college equivalent of Match.com.  The dialogue comes like a Gatling cannon on full rock & roll, and you'll develop a major crush on Rooney Mara despite her limited screen time.
1593272782|5.0|I purchased these books to help with a robotics club at a local middle school (grades 6 - 8). They had participated in the FIRST Lego League and these books will help them adapt and create useful robots for future competitions. The books provide detailed views of the various vehicles and they are easy for the students to create and modify. This is well worth the price.
B003F3NE1Q|5.0|This season really got into more serious subjects. The characters had real issues to deal with. Although I like all the seasons to some degree, some of them have far to much whining in them over pretty menial problems.    In this season, the pressures on the Doctors actually feels real. This is the darkest season, but the show has shown it can grow with this season.
1416575464|5.0|My daughter, who has a design blog, asked for this book for Christmas. When I received the book, I perused through it and was tempted to buy one for myself as well. It is filled with colored pictures of beautiful spaces. Needless to say,  she was so excited to open the gift.
B001W79MBI|5.0|Probably the best samurai anime since Samurai Champloo, this recent movie won international awards across the board. Studio Bones, best known for Fullmetal Alchemist and Eureka Seven through together this epic clash of Japanese and Chinese fighting styles, but with Western gaijin taking the center stage.<br /><br />Set in 19th Century Japan, a local lord is working with some representatives from the Chinese emporer who are looking for a young boy whose blood is supposed to grant immortality in a ceremony that can only be held once a year. The sacrifice in question is Kotoro, and is on the run from the Chinese agents with his dog Tobimaru(who is arguably the most talented dog in all of anime!). They come across the ronin called \\"No-Name\\" because he never gives his actual name to the boy, although its later revealed to be Nanashi. He defends Kotoro from some samurai, but Tobimaru gets hit with a poison dart. Kotoro hires No-Name to help cure the dog while protecting him from the Chinese hoods. Amoung the Chinese warriors is the proficient and very blonde Luo-Lang who is mainly only in the whole business to find worthy opponents to fight, so basically he's this movie's \\"Vegeta\\". It's later revealed that No-Name is also a honkey as he really has red hair, but keeps coloring it black, probably so he won't be called a Ginger. No-Name delivers Kotoro and a healed Tobimaru to a monastery which is secretly controlled by the lord working with the Chinese. Kotoro is taken to a large monument erected for the sole purpose of taking in his blood to give to the Emporer of China. No-Name shows up in time to save Kotoro, although he's lucky as the Chinese agents and soldiers of the lord end up killing each other off, until all that's left are No-Name and Luo-Lang. Aside from the fact that his a top notch swordsman, Luo-Lang like the other Chinese uses a special drug that supresses pain, but what he doesn't know is that No-Name uses some of too in their duel. An epic fight ensues where No-Name just leaves Luo-Lang dead in his tracks, although No-Name appears to be near-fatally wounded as Kotoro rides off with him as they plan to be pirates(sequal!).<br /><br />Sword Of The Stranger seriously fills in the void that has been forming for the last few years in anime as there hasn't been much any real samurai stuff at all. The closest example would be Samurai 7 which is really more of a sci-fi, but there has been almost nothing in the field of a samurai anime movie since probably the Rurouni Kenshin movie. Anyway, Bones comes through with some awesome animation and their traditionally somewhat jarheaded character designs. All the characters are each given their own rich background, even the supporting ones. Plus, this probably has the best fight choregraphy I've ever seen in an anime movie, and its not afraid to show any brutality in it, so Tanrentino fans are in for a real bloodbath with this bad mutha! I recommend that anyone that is a fan of action movies, epic adventure, and the true dark path of the samurai should check this one out.me just leaves Luo-Lang dead in his tracks, although No-Name appears to be near-fatally wounded as Kotoro rides off with him as they plan to be pirates(sequal!).    Sword Of The Stranger seriously fills in the void that has been forming for the last few years in anime as there hasn't been much any real samurai stuff at all. The closest example would be Samurai 7 which is really more of a sci-fi, but there has been almost nothing in the field of a samurai anime movie since probably the Rurouni Kenshin movie. Anyway, Bones comes through with some awesome animation and their traditionally somewhat jarheaded character designs. All the characters are each given their own rich background, even the supporting ones. Plus, this probably has the best fight choregraphy I've ever seen in an anime movie, and its not afraid to show any brutality in it, so Tanrentino fans are in for a real bloodbath with this bad mutha! I recommend that anyone that is a fan of action movies, epic adventure, and the true dark path of the samurai should check this one out.
B002T9H2MO|5.0|MOON is an film about a man who works on a station somewhere on the moon, harvesting Helium 3 (Some sort of futuristic super fuel for fusion reactions, he says. This isn't explained very well, but it's not necessary for the plot. He could be on the moon doing just about anything dangerous). He has a companion robot named Gerty that helps him out and keeps him company.    I like this film more than any recent one I've seen, and has rapidly assured it self a place on my shelf as a favorite. It is a little philosophic, but not overly so. It's easy to understand, and the lead character, Sam Bell, seems to be about average in most respects so he's relatable. Without giving too much away, he has a psychological crisis when he finds out about who he really is.    MOON has that sort of \\"believable\\" spacey feel to it, and is not unlike 2001 A Space Odyssey. I found 2001 (...etc) to be a bit dull, but this film is better paced. The robot, Gerty, is also more believable than Hal is. When Gerty is upset, or when he tries to reach out to Sam, it feels genuine despite how non-human he looks (Gerty is in no way humanoid, I mean, he's got arms and an emotion display, but that's about it). By the end of the film, Gerty feels nearly as human as Sam, which is interesting to me because the film isn't focused on Gerty yet it features him in such a strong light.    I'm disappointed that this film has not received better press coverage. It showed up, and it was great, and now it's disappeared. This is a great film, and I hope that the development team produces more like it in the future.
B003YFIUW8|5.0|It took me less than 24 hours to read this book, and yes, I did take a break for sleeping. But even when I went to work and to the store, I couldn't stop thinking about it, and Jack, and Ma. It was painful at times, very sad and ultimately beautiful. I loved it. Other reviews will be more eloquent and descriptive as to why, so I'll just throw down my 5 stars and suggest you read it.
B001TH15UM|5.0|I missed Asia's show when they came to Rio. Watching this bluray made me once again wish I hadn't! Great quality, great songs!
B000063Y8F|5.0|If a kitchen tool has some weakness, I'll keep looking for something better, but this tool is a keeper and here's why.  The most important thing for me in a garlic press is how easy it is to clean.  I expect it to crush the garlic, that's a given, but after that, if the cleaning is not easy, it's not going to last long with me.  All the presses I tried prior to settling on this one had to be taken apart or scraped out or worked over with the dish brush so no matter how effective it was, I wasn't completely satisfied and kept searching.  With this press, when you open it completely (the handles essentially reverse), the crushing cradle pops up and is completely exposed (but still attached to the unit) so it can be easily rinsed off under hot running water.  I never have to touch the garlic residue.  I do generally use peeled cloves since that gives me the best result, both the crushing and the cleanup. (I generally clean a whole head at once and store the excess cloves in a small jar for quick use later.  They last a long time in the fridge and are very handy.)<br /><br />The second thing about this press that suits my style is that when you hang it by the loop on one handle, the press hangs completely straight down.  In other words, it opens all the way.  I have a rack that stores my most used devices so they offer something of a decorative effect as well as being very easy to grab when needed.  This unit is suited for display.  It's good looking as well as functional.<br /><br />That said, I don't use it to mince garlic, only to crush it.  To mince garlic, nothing beats my Alligator mini-dicer for fast perfect tiny dice. That's especially true if I want to mince multiple cloves since nothing is faster or gives such an even result, but sometimes a recipe calls for crushed garlic that is more 'processed'.  In those cases this press is what I use and I'm so satisfied with it I've never felt the need to look any further.  I've used it for several years and it still looks and functions like new.  Highly recommended.like new.  Highly recommended.
0761158820|4.0|I bought this for my 9-year-old nephew for Christmas, and it was a great success--except that I spent three days making papertoy monsters for him instead of watching him do it himself! The concepts are absolutely great. The monsters are so original--they are inspired by a combination of manga, skateboard culture, and mythology and folktales. Some, like Lil Vamp, are inspired by a folktale but brought up to the modern day, but others, like Polyphemus, are identical to their original source (in this case, The Odyssey). Others still are completely original creations. The stories about each monster are really good and super fun for kids to read aloud, and my nephew was thrilled to provide me with each step of the instructions to build each monsters.     However, when he tried to pop the paper pieces out himself, he couldn't help but rip the paper with his little hands, and it was too hard for him to apply glue very accurately to very small areas, pull the paper together, and hold it long enough for it to adhere. A 9-year-old with excellent motor skills and a  very long attention span might be able to do the easiest of the easy patterns. I don't have kids myself so I may not be the best judge, but this 9-year-old would have gotten very frustrated and sad if he hadn't had his auntie around to make a bunch of monsters for him.    That said, as an adult I admit I was sort of glad that I got to make the monsters because it was so fun. The pattern pieces are clearly labeled, the instructions are excellent and very clear, and it was really easy to put them together with a very good quality glue stick. There's a great glossary at the front containing some basic hints for constructing the monsters, and there's a list of contributors at the back giving the name of the  designer of each monster pattern (lots of different designers contributed), a bio, and a URL for their own websites. This is a great collaborative project. I think my favorite thing about it is that the monsters are really edgy but the written and illustrated content is totally acceptable for little kids and doesn't talk down to them.
B00000IUP4|2.0|This toy requires a specialized triangular shaped screwdriver to access the battery compartment. We have yet to locate this type of tool, so we have yet to enjoy this toy.
B00005JLRT|5.0|Ibought this movie for my hubby, for Christmas.. He Loved it.. :) We haven't seen it B4.. I hope it's good! :D Thanx!
B000T9OP7G|1.0|I ordered a couple of dvds with same day service and amazon used A-1 Courier Services which as it turns out is a joke.  I spend thousands of dollars a year with amazon and after seeing them use a company like this I think I will look at walmrt.com or the big O, this is a sad day.
B0036S4C6G|3.0|Although this book is structurally very interesting, and very cleverly executed, the book as a whole tends to get mired down in trying too hard.  I feel if the author had maybe focused a little more on the themes of the book and less on trying to play with the storytelling format, it would have been a more compelling read.
B003L20IJM|3.0|I liked the first Nanny McPhee film the best.  It seemed to focus on the people and their issues and on resolving them.  Magic was part of it, but the magic of family was the important part of it.  It made fun of adulthood and of unrestrained childhood without seeming to go beyond the pale.  Furthermore the romance was delightfully comic, making Colin Firth, a former Mr. Darcy, a somewhat helpless and comic widower.<br /><br />With Nanny McPhee Returns the story seemed way too melodramatic and relied too heavily on special effects.  That Nanny is a witch is obvious and acceptable as it was before, but here there was so much magic that the story seemed to get lost until the very end.  I felt the film worked too hard and employed almost every time worn concept:  \\"eat your green vegetables\\" to a grown man who'd been a ward of Nanny in the past.  Not to mention that green vegetables, let alone cheese, during World War II would have been a welcome treat.<br /><br />The antics seemed intended more to lengthen the film than to enhance the story.  Children chasing escaped piglets seemed quite manic and amusing enough, that the piglets should also do 1930s swimming routines and acrobatics was a little much; in short it felt patronizing.  It was as though a group of adults sitting around a conference table tried to decide what would \\"entertain\\" children without really considering that children are people and they do get the point of things.<br /><br />More than anything I felt that these devices distracted from the true story, that of children sent away for adult reasons (insensitive parents facing divorce and a war), children faced with destitution by virtue of adult greed and circumstances (shortage of field workers due to a war and a wicked--and quite funny--uncle), children faced with the possible loss of a parent due to war, and most important, children learning to appreciate others, their actions, and their world view.  That magic should bring the lessons home is acceptable, especially in a children's story, but total nonsense seems egregious.a children's story, but total nonsense seems egregious.
B00009R86L|4.0|I been using the Domke shoulder pad for a two years now with my Domke J1 bag. Fully loaded the bag is pretty heavy, I have a body with battery grip, few pro lenses plus assortment of other smaller items like a flash unit. The pad works great is it's cushion is more then a typical \\"padded\\" strap but also offers a good grip on the shoulder. The pad is also angled so that if you have the bag on your shoulder, the strap will not dig into your collar.<br /><br />Now my only problem with this strap is that during the day, carrying this much gear is tough and I like to switch back and forth between my shoulders or across the body. With the angled strap this makes it a bit difficult, so I'm switching to a regular padded strap, such as the grippy strap pad from Timbuk2. The construction is very well made and shouldn't have any issues but I think the foam is not covered by any material and may absorb water if used heavily in the rain.
B001EN71DG|5.0|Film classic.  I grew up with the movie and toys.  Loved the special edition DVD.  Contains original 70s/80s theatrical version plus collector's edition re-edited with extra shots, scenes and effects beginning in 2004.  George Lucas is a sci-fi genius.  Highly recommend this set.
B003YFIUW8|5.0|I was actually shocked when I read this book. Written in the perspective of a 5-year-old,I thought it would be difficult to read and a little hard to follow.Now I have nothing to say but...wow.Donoghue was genius in choosing to write from such an innocent and quite honest voice.Such high emotional content throughout the whole book and the unfiltered thought process of a child definitely made this one of my favorites.
B002ZG999U|4.0|Lots of action. Lots of guns and  violence. Lots of old actions stars. Jokes that fall flat, script that needed more edits  and a film that needed more continuity. But you didn't come  to this movie for that. You want the action , the snarky lines and you wanna see your action heroes in action. Can't wait to see part 2.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|This is my second pair of these Sony headphones. The first pair lasted 20 years. I produce spoken audio -- [[ASIN:1574832816 Keys to the Code -- How to Study the Book of Revelation Without Losing Your Mind -- Introduction to the Book of Revelation -- Audio Series: 480 minutes (The Bible Explorer Series)]] ... and I edit using Adobe Audition very precisely, removing unwanted plosions, etc. These headphones help me hear it all. Especially mid-range and treble. I highly recommend them!
B0038M2AZA|5.0|This video does an excellent job of depicting the struggles Temple Grandin faced navigating through what we consider \\"normal\\" society, showing just how cruel people can be and also how kind many individuals were to her as she struggled to fit in.  I was immediately intrigued by her after seeing her c-span interview and purchased this video for more insight into her truly amazing journey. She benefited greatly from the wonderful people who were willing to mentor her which highlights just how important mentors are.
B003TJR2HS|5.0|This product does exactly what I needed.  It lets me you use my Iphone 3GS or 4 in Speaker Doc with Full Functionality.  Love it
B001UV4XWY|1.0|This show got creepier and creepier and was giving me the jitters.  I'm not a horror film fan at all and don't like blood and guts and slimy stuff, and this just got wierder and wierder, so that I was afraid I wouldn't be able to sleep.    It went on and on with one dark part after another, each worse than the last, and finally I couldn't stand it anymore and shut it off.  I don't care how it finished.  It was doing a number on me!  Twisted and sick show is what I say!
B000MRAAJM|5.0|My husband and I enjoyed watching this series on our 56\\" brand new 1080p television while it aired on the Discovery Channel several years back.  So, when I found the Blu Ray available at a great price on Amazon during Black Friday sales, I couldn't pass up this gift for the two of us.  As expected, it did not disappoint.  The content is awe inspiring for adults and more than suitable for children interested in learning more about wildlife and nature.
B0042816YK|5.0|No I did not read the book but I did see this movie. I enjoyed the journey the main character took to find her inner peace. This is not a chick flick.  This is a thoughtful movie that everyone can find something in common with.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|This is a great product. It holds all of my camera gear and feels so light and comfortable on my back. I thought my 70-300mm lens would not fit and was worried when I bought it, I then realized how easy it was to adjust the compartments and get everything to fit perfectly. This is a great product. Once again Amazon, your products have not failed me.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|Just added on to my collection and love it. This show is awesome and will not disappoint. You can buy this without hesitation, I did. Great price and free shipping!
B00005JKGZ|5.0|I have always loved this movie since I was a little girl. I watched it every Christmas. Now I can enjoy this movie any time I want to now not just around Christmas. It's a great price and a great movie.
0525421580|5.0|I had never heard about this book until I saw it on Amazon's top 100 of 2010. And I gotta say it was extremely good.     The first Will Grayson has a lot of that typical teenage angst and indecision but is very easy to sympathize with. And like many people have already said, the second (lower-cased) will grayson comes off pretty annoying and cliché-ingly depressed in the beginning but then starts to get better as he gets explored more deeply. But of course the main character of the whole book seems to be Tiny Cooper who is described as \\"the world's largest person who is really, really gay and also the world's gayest person who is really, really large.\\" Honestly, had me laughing out loud in public with some of his dialogue.    While all of the main characters are in high school, they are written extremely well and have more depth/thought/insight than their age would have you believe. It's kind of odd and funny to see how much life can be like high school as I found myself agreeing with a lot of their insight, even though I haven't been 16 for more than a decade. Some of it seemed over the top (mainly Tiny) and I kept imagining it being made into some Nickelodeon or ABC Family made-for-tv movie but with a spirit that you can't help but love.
0061719544|5.0|My wife really liked this book. She and myself are fans of Craig Ferguson she read it in three days.
B002PNAY9C|3.0|SPOLIER  at the end of my paper book it says all will be revealed in the final book...  NONE SO FAR  &#62;:(
B003NFM3JU|5.0|Before I say anything else, let me get this out of the way first: If you own a 3D television and a 3D blu-ray player then BUY THIS MOVIE!!! Even if it isn't Christmas season you'll be amazed at the quality of this movie.    OK, now that my initial thoughts are out of there I must admit overall that I was very surprised with this animated take on the classic \\"A Christmas Carol\\". Everything from the presentation, special effects and animation was top-notch, even the way the story was presented. Although i'm not an aficionado of the original story I'm guessing this movie is more of a tribute to the original book by Charles Dickens. I whole heartedly expected a trivial Disney remake of the classic with the story taking the back burner while the technology of blu-ray 3D takes front-and-center. Low and behold it was anything but that; the 3D was spectacular but the performance capture animation of Ebenezer Scrooge (Jim Carey) along with the ghosts of Christmas past and present were very believable and stole the show. It is worth mentioning though that some of the secondary characters (such as Tiny Tim's family and other background filler) we're animated without performance mo-cap and it shows. This is akin to CG expressions you'll see in typical video game characters, although that might be changing (ie. compare Bethesda's \\"Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion\\" to Rockstar's latest endeavor \\"L.A. Noire\\"). Anyways the quality is superb and you'd be forgiven to think that this was an actual film and not computer animation.     The other reason I was very surprised with this movie was the way in which it was presented. Instead of going all typical-Disney on this and candy coating the characters and story, Rob Zemeckis pulled out all the stops to make this a non-stop joyride of a film. Granted you'll be treated to a slow start (give it about a half hour), but at the point where Scrooge meets up with his ghosts is when you'll be glued to the television. To me this was like a Tim Burton-esque presentation whereas the original movies would have you yawning, this rendition scares the crap out of you and has you guessing what the hell will happen next! Again, I was never a fan of the original movie but this one was a surprise that instantly had me devoted as a fan of the film and the Blu-Ray 3D format (along with \\"Despicable Me\\" as my all-time favorite 3D movie).     Overall this is a no-brainer: BUY THIS FILM. You won't regret it. Seriously, the performance mo-cap is on par with Avatar (for the main character at least) and the way that 3D is represented in this film isn't exaggerated or cliche'. This is the reason why 3D Blu-Ray was created and it's a grossly under-appreciated movie. A must buy.
B000UCEJEQ|5.0|Annie Lennox is one of the best and I had to have this album which is great. It was cheeper on Amazon than on iTunes so I bought it here. Her music is timeless and I hope she continues with making great music.
0060760273|5.0|This was a nice Christmas gift for my two year old son.  He loves to be read to and this gave him a nice package to open (which he also loves).
B0015DROBO|5.0|Hard to describe this series in a few words, but I thought they were brilliant.  I don't normally read mystery/thriller kinds of books, but I thoroughly enjoyed them.  They read with the pace of a Jason Bourne movie.  Sweden made them into movies, and I'm hoping Hollywood does their own versions.  The first book was definitely the most graphic...and I think I enjoyed the plot of the 2nd two books best.  Some of my friends didn't like the first one for the way it deals with severe sexual trauma...but if you read all three, you understand why he put that in there.<br /><br />Overall, what stuck with me about these books is the way that Larsson exposes injustice against women.  Aspects of Lisbeth's story will strike a chord with many female readers, I think.  It's refreshing to read something that goes to such great lengths to get across the message he was trying to convey.  Tragic that he's no longer around to be interviewed by Oprah.  :)
B001GCUO5W|3.0|the quality of the movie was really good and i liked the overall story, but it's all been done before. the ending is very predictable and also this type of ending has been done in other movies which are better.
1416550550|5.0|I loved how this book weaves the future and the past together. You never are quite sure who will be your narrator who will open the door to the mysteries of the past.  This book left me sad, confused and happy all at the same time.
0060936223|5.0|Unbelievably written. Unbelievable story. If this book doesn't move you, you're not human. Buy it and feel what true artists do for their craft and relish in what true love means.
B00009NHC5|5.0|I saw this movie when I was 10 and remembered how scared I was watching it so I bought it to watch it again. It sure is amazing how far we have come making movies but a classic is a classic!
B002BSHWUU|5.0|Bought this Beatles boxed set for my daughter for Christmas.  She loves it.  Always have the best of luck with Amazon--great products, fast shipping and the prices are better than at retail stores.
B003O85W3A|3.0|I heard this band on YouTube. Liked what I heard, so I purchased the CD. I was surprised to find the CD sounds worse then the sound on YouTube. The CD sounded cluttered, muffled and thin on my stereo system. The drums sound like a shoebox and the bass is non existent. You are better off listening on YouTube or a cheap MP3 with some dollar store earphones. I also purchased from Amazon, a CD by \\"The Russians, Crashing the Party.\\" The sound quality on this CD was crystal clear and beautifully balanced. I want my CD's to sound live, not like AM Radio. I recommend the members of Arcade Fire have a chat with their producer. Pink Floyd always used the best sound quality. It is one of the reason they still sell today.
B00498YZH8|5.0|4.5 stars.  A story of courage and how sometimes being courageous is the only option.  A visually interesting film, with beautiful connections to the symbolism in Nature.  Film reveals a depth within characters and their conflicted motivations.  The plot is driven strictly from characters' motivations, as it tends to do in Life.  Shows how corruption softens the weak and yet they go right on glossing over their rotten bits which in turn fester with fear and insecurity.  Until someone has the tenacity, courage and conviction to revolutionize the landscape and let the Truth come to light. A thought-provoking film about the content of character.  I highly recommend this film, while it does deal in grim realities, it is not boring or difficult to watch, really pulled this viewer in.
B001AQT11M|5.0|This is an excellent disney animated movie. I enjoy all the disney animated movies. All my grandchildren and friends children love to watch them.
B002JCSRKC|4.0|Pros: Very light-weight, women with larger calves might be able to fit in these  Cons: A tad bit stiff compare to your regular rain boots    The material of the boots is a bit stuff, if you bend your ankle a lot as you walk, and given you have large calves (with little to no room between your calves and the boots), it might feel a bit weird for you.    HOWEVER, Crocs rain boots do look very different from your regular target priced rain boots to Burberry ones.  They're very cute and unique!  Not going to explain the boots in details since Amazon provides a lot of good pictures.  To me they're very comfortable to wear, just like your everyday Crocs -- very very light weight, plenty of room for my toes to wiggle.  My feet are size 9, and they are not slender at all.  I also have bigger calves, 16 in. for those of you who want to compare.  I was still able to tuck in my jeans, snug of course.    I bought these at a Crocs store, which was basically the same price as Amazon.  The color choices weren't as wide, since I only had four colors to choose from.  If they had these boots in Plum I would so choose it over red.    Overall I do recommend these boots if you don't mind the stiffness, and want to stand out in the crowd with these.
B000BJEAIS|1.0|I loved this movie which I have borrowed from my local library, and was excited to purchase it as a Christmas gift for my nephew who is a musician. I specifically ordered this dvd from this supplier because it did not say that it was from Australia, as other ones on amazon were described, since I know that dvd's from foreign countries often do not work properly on American equipment. However, when it arrived, I saw that it was, in fact made in Australia, and did not work in my dvd player. I sent it to my nephew in case his newer more advanced dvd player could play it, but it does not work in any dvd player my family tried. I need to return this product, something I have never had to do with anything I've purchased from Amazon.
B001C4AFOY|5.0|I read a lot of historical romances and this movie fed my romantic soul. The visuals of that time period were really great. Loved it!!!  and then I bought it!
B00436GNVC|5.0|It's music and I like it what more is there to say. Other than it is the only music I have purchased since 1981. Duffy is an incomparable artist.
B002UNMW7O|5.0|This movie was great! Loved it. It was action packed and made me laugh. If anyone has seen the first one you gotta see the second. Can't wait for number 3.
B000O8OTNC|4.0|EXPERIENCE: According to the documentation, the Ceramic slot is for finishing an edge, or just touching up an already sharp knife. The Carbide slot is for repairing a damaged blade, and or sharpening a very dull blade. Most of my knifes are sharp, but two of them needed a touching up, and the third needed some serious sharpening!<br /><br />According to the documentation, you want to place the knife inside the slot, keeping the tip of the blade at a slight angle downwards, and pull the knife towards you. And you want to do this for about 4-times. I found this to be enough to simply touch up an already sharp knife in the Ceramic slot. However, my super dull knife needed a lot more then that.<br /><br />I used the Carbide slot to really get the edge back on my old knife, then I went through the Ceramic slot. I tested the sharpness afterwards, I felt it needed some more. I sharpened more in the Carbide slot, and then finished off on the Ceramic slot. After doing this twice in a row, I noticed that the knife was definitely sharper, and would cut paper.<br /><br />One of my pocket knifes, is a serrated knife, which I use to cut rope with. Using the special serrated knife sharpening tool, I managed to sharpen each groove in my knife. Since the knife was pretty sharp to begin with, I didn't really notice any considerable difference in its ability to cut paper.<br /><br />CONCLUSION: I really don't think this is the best knife sharpener out there by far. But when compared to a lot of different kinds of sharpeners, this is one of the best. I find it takes most of the guess work out of sharpening my knifes, and it seems to leave a good edge. Just remember that super dull knifes will indeed take longer to sharpen. 4 out of 5.
B0019LY5IM|5.0|bought it as a gift. person I got it for couldn't find it in stores so I made him very happy! Thanks
B0032JTV6U|4.0|This was a gift for my daughter.  Second disk will not play in any of our DVD players.  Other than that, she loves it
0316098337|4.0|Very enjoyable story about a little boy who has never been outside of the room he shares with his kidnapped mother.  Since it is told through the eyes of the little boy it makes the story fun to read, even though the subject content isn't always the same.  I would recommend this book.  When I finished reading it I thought about the parameters all of us live within, and what would happen if we were suddenly not in them.  Definitely a good read!
B00007LTIL|5.0|Initially, I was somewhat mistrustful of both WORKINGMAN'S DEAD and, this, its follow-up, the even more beloved AMERICAN BEAUTY.  I was a teenager back when these were released, and very wary of anything that smacked like retrenchment, like a retreat to conventionality.   And I loved the Dead of ANTHEM OF THE SUN and LIVE/DEAD, boldly jamming where no band had ever jammed before.  And I was particularly incensed that they were in full WD/AB mode the first time I got to see them live.  Where was \\"Dark Star\\" for cryin' out loud (and the louder the better)?  I didn't want to see the Dead pretend to be CSNY yada yada yada.    You might discern from the self-deprecating tone used above that I am past all that now.  I love this record and consider it a vital part of the Dead's entire oeuvre.  It was a different side to the band, but a valid one.  How refreshing to be able to hear Robert Hunter's lyrics clearly (well, mostly) for a change.  The songs really were SONGS (not that I have anything against jams and/or other experiments) and they hold up well some to 40 years on.    In some ways, WORKINGMAN and BEAUTY were natural developments given the \\"Get Back\\" sentiments so prevalent back in the day.  As the liner notes to this edition stress, WORKINGMAN (and subsequently, BEAUTY) can be seen as a kind of getting back to the band's actual roots.  People tend to forget that the Dead HAD roots, but like most bands of the era they started out doing blues, jug band music, country and folk.    It's comforting in a way to hear Jerry's bell like guitar exploring Delta territory, say, and not just Venus.  There were no weak tracks on AMERICAN BEAUTY, which may mean that they were sort of playing it safe.  But nothing wrong with that.  As we might have said back in those days, it was just where their heads were at.
B000Y5JFNY|5.0|This movie is one of my wife's favorites and I too was hoping that they would have the heart to make Sound of Music for Blu Ray for its 45th anniversary.  I remember all the beautiful scenes of the Austrian countryside and wondered what Blu-Ray could do.  Well, I got my wife this Blu-Ray set (the Collector's Set of course) and though our 32\\" Sharp Aquos HDTV is rather modest in size compared to what many others have, we were still in awe and blown away by this blu-ray edition.  Trust me, I don't care how many times you've seen this movie on VHS, DVD, or those chopped up airings on TV--they absolutely do not do this movie justice like the Blu Ray does.    The details were so crystal clear (the main highlights are the beautiful Austrian and Swiss countryside/mountains seen at the beginning and end of the movie plus the beautiful church with the wedding but that's only a few) we literally could make out the blades of grass.    Bottom line, if you can only get one movie on Blu Ray, make it this one!  This is precisely the kind of movie blu-ray was made for.
B000NU2CY4|4.0|I ordered this blu-ray before Christmas from Canada hoping it was the remastered version. To my amazement, it was. Waited quite a while before purchasing because Amazon was still distributing DNR version that everyone seemed to hate. Can't blame them. Anyways, after reading the reviews and comments on this page, I took a leap of faith and ordered Gladiator. I think its' safe to say that those of you who want Gladiator on blu-ray should be able to order without worry. However, Amazon needs to get off their collected asses and add the word \\"remastered\\" to the title so that customers can order this film with confidence.
B003ZHQVJO|5.0|Honestly I'm not a big fan of the earlier Kid Rock screaming cussing songs, only a few of his southern rock sounds do I enjoy...but I bought this album mainly because of all the die hard Kid Rock fans that didn't like it. My husband and I love it, the music is much easier to listen to and has that blue grass southern sound with a touch of southern rock. Keep making sounds like this and you have some new fans.
0307408833|1.0|I have been in the Natural Products industry for over 15 years and love finding delicious receipes without white sugar, flour and butter. I found this book recommended in Alicia Silverstone's book \\"The Kind Diet\\" and since I LOVE everything in that cookbook I thought this would be a great book to try!  I went to Whole foods today and spent $123 on EXPENSIVE ingredients so i could make the cookies for New Year's Eve!    The receipe FAILS to mention a VITAL/Critical step that, you need to melt your coconut oil. So, my EXPENSIVE cookies came out like FLAT, greasy pancakes! SO disgusting and my fingers were sooooo greasy it made my stomach turn. What did I do wrong? I followed the directions \\"precisely\\" as the author so clearly tells you to do and still got disastrous results. I was/am so frustrated that I got on her website to read FAQ's and started reading reviews to find the majority of reviews are TERRIBLE and many readers point out having the SAME coconut oil problem that I had!    I will NOT try any more receipes because the more I read, the more I won't dare take the risk with expensive ingredients just to be duped with the end results! What a sham! Shame on you BABY CAKES!!!!
B0040ZA2D6|5.0|My 13 year old received this as a gift.  She loves BTR and is so very happy with this CD.  She loves to listen to them and loves their songs.  This is a must for anyone who has a teenager who is in love with BTR!!
0810970686|5.0|Great Book!  Written in the words of a child.  My son who is 7 reads and re-reads this book.
B001NEK2GE|5.0|I bought this to replace my aging Modware CyberSnipa.  I'm a lefty, so I use a game pad with my right hand.  I have to say, so far I have not missed the thumb joystick, but I do really wish when companies are designing this type of device, they thought a little bit about the 1/3 of the population who's not right handed.  The way the joystick is designed, it really could have been a detachable piece that could plug into either side.    That mini-gripe aside, it's a very nice product.  Back lighting can do pretty much any color you'd want.  They keys feel quite nice.  I was a little worried about the comparative lack of keys.  Compared to some of the other WADS pads, this has a pretty minimalistic 22 keys (officially 25, but 2 are next to the joystick and useless to me, and 1 is a down-click on the stick itself)  In practice so far, the 22 keys have been sufficient, and with the 3 pages, you can have 1 for on-foot, 1 for flying, and one for land vehicles, for instance.  Back lighting is also customizable based on which page is loaded, so you can easily tell what mode you're in.  So far I've played mainly Battlefield Bad Company 2 and Just Cause 2 with it primarily, and it's done well for both.    If you're used to a vanilla WADS pad, be prepared for a little extra work with this pad.  Since it's very customizable, you'll most likely find yourself spending time laying things out.  I'm sure some people would do the same with in-game key maps, but I usually just worked with the default layout unless it was impossible with my old pad.  On the bright side, it's easier to record and on the fly macro than to mess with in-game key mapping for the most part.    I would definitely buy this again.  I'm interested to see what the longevity looks like.  My old $35 CyberSnipa lasted 6 years, so here's hoping the G13 is just as solid.
B0044XV3R8|5.0|Just what we wanted
B002QGUFWE|4.0|You will love it - even if you don't dance, you will feel like dancing!  She's an artist with a variety of ranges.
B0044XV3QY|5.0|Im my personal opinion....<br /><br />This is the most beautifull film i've ever seen,....<br /><br />Rich in decor, story, everything is GREAT about that film....<br /><br />I've seen it in 3D in theater, and about 6 times at home so far
0810994739|5.0|The diary of a whimpy kid books are written as if a young child is telling the story.  My son just loves them and he is 7.
B002SQ364Q|4.0|Period feeling is five stars. Story line is two stars. Overall four stars if you like me appreciate attention to detail when recreating a period feeling.
B0036OS3P6|4.0|I have wide feet. I have had Croc shoes before and they fit. This boot is tight around the arch. It is hard to get the foot in with a sock on. Once in, it is the right length and width, it is tight where the seam is, where the two fabrics meet, just across the arch. I am wearing without socks until it stretches, which I hope is soon. It is very light weight and comfortable. Fine for shoveling the driveway. There is plenty of wiggle room for the toes which is the secret to having warm feet. There is no arch support and no room to put in supports, so not suitable for long walks. The color looks true to what I expected. the inside is completely lined with smooth soft fabric. No plastic touches my foot. The top edge is elastic which keeps the snow out and has room to tuck the pant let in. Good practical design that everyone in snow country can appreciate.
0760335540|5.0|...but this book proves that just isn't true.  Covering projects from the simple (\\"washing your car\\") to the very complex (\\"engine swaps and upgrades\\"), 101 Projects pretty much covers it all.  It's packed with great info and a TON of great visuals, plus more online at the 101 Projects website.  I'm an average (at best) mechanic and this book gives me the confidence to jump in on many of the smaller projects, but I admit I'd want more expertise to tackle the larger ones.  But those who better know their way around an automobile should find this very helpful for the bigger projects.  I'm looking forward to \\"putting it to the test\\"!    If you don't own a Boxster yet, there is no \\"buyer's guide\\", but there is still a lot of great info throughout the book to help a potential owner better understand these cars.
B0028MBKVG|5.0|Fantastic book. Whether you believe in his theory's of barefoot running or not it's a great book. Reading the book made me want to run more and more. I recommend this to anyone who likes sports and it's a must own for all runners.
1427206015|5.0|I have listened to most of the Stephanie Plum series and I love the characters interaction. It is very entertaining. Hope there is more to come.
0061733199|5.0|i spent over 25 years creaping around some of the worste places on earth.  i keep this in my bug out bag because now i am retired from the military, old and my memory is not as sharp as it used to be.  some very good tips in this book
B000002KOO|4.0|First of all, I have a question about \\"Searching for Madge.\\"  I hadn't heard this album for many years, and recently purchased the CD.  Why does this song come to a complete stop just a moment or two into it, then some weird vocal (\\"yes . . . . yes\\"), then silence, then the rocking guitar starts up again.  This is so weird!  It's a great song with great guitar work, but I don't remember this \\"feature\\" from when I used to listen to the LP.  Is this really the way the song is supposed to be?  Anyway, it's a truly great CD, although I agree with those who say it's a poor recording.  With current technology, there is no excuse for any CD to sound this bad.  But overall, it's just wonderful to hear what Fleetwood Mac sounded like in the beginning and the guitar work is worth the price of admission.
B000M5AJQI|5.0|This movie is great.  Everything about it is great, cast, story line, just a phenomenal movie.  Definitely one in my \\"favorite all time\\" list.
B000O8OTNC|4.0|I got this for Christmas as a gift someone ordered for me off my \\"wishlist\\" (I love that feature)<br />I had wanted this with the idea of keeping it in my hiking/hunting pack so that I could keep knives sharp in the feild without much weight and I liked the rod feature that would allow me to sharpen the serrated edges on my Leatherman Wave, fishing hooks, or any other odd angled items.<br />I've only had a chance to test it out on a few things but so far my thoughts are mixed.<br />I first tried it on a Case Trapper in CV Steel which I had just bought and came to me not particularly sharp, and it was only $29.99 (on amazon) so i figured it would be a good test knife.  I tried it with just the ceramic stones first thinking that it just needed a touch up, but that did not seem to do much for it after running it through 5-10 x's.  So I tried running it on the carbide 10-20 x's and then on the ceramic again.  I noticed an improvement, but it still wouldn't shave hair.  It might have gotten sharper if I would have worked with it more, but I ended up using my old wet stone to finish it off and getting it to shaving sharp.<br /><br />I then sat down and used it to sharpen every knife in the kitchen block from steak knives (not serrated) to carvers, pairers, and butcher knives which were all extremely dull (my neglect).  I have to say I was impressed with how quickly it put a usable edge on them and it will be easy to maintain the edge now.<br /><br />So far I think the feature I've enjoyed the most is the rod which I used to hone the edge on my Emerson La Griffe.  Due to the chisel grind and the curved blade this is not an easy blade to sharpen, but a few passed with the rod and it was shaving sharp again.<br /><br />So all in all, I'm impressed with the way it sharpened my kitchen knives and it is definately easy to operate and small and light to carry.  I definately think there is a place for it in my outdoors gear bag just because of it's versatility and ability to sharpen odd shaped objects and serrations, but I'll have to mess around with it some more and do some more research on bevel angles before I'll try to use it on some of my more expensive knives.ons, but I'll have to mess around with it some more and do some more research on bevel angles before I'll try to use it on some of my more expensive knives.
B000IOM1Y6|4.0|\\"Eye in the Sky\\" is one of the strongest examples of the lighter side of early 1980s rock. Although the Alan Parsons Project started off as a progressive unit, by this time they were really a soft rock unit and each of the songs here is proof that in the hands of songwriters like Alan Parsons and Eric Woolfson, soft rock can be just as well-crafted and as gutsy as harder rock. The opening medley of \\"Sirius\\" and \\"Eye in the Sky\\" is one of the strongest introductions to any rock album, and \\"Old and Wise,\\" \\"Silence and I,\\" and \\"Gemini\\" are among the most beautiful ballads the band ever recorded. \\"Psychobabble\\" is an atypical dose of hard rock, and with its strenuous vocals, slashing chords and melodic bassline it could almost pass for a post-Keith Moon Who recording. This is really a superior collection of Alan Parsons Project music, and for many people this is an ideal place to start listening to the band. After all, those chugging muted guitar lines of the title track are probably ingrained in most people's consciousnesses if they were alive in the 1980s!    The bonus tracks aren't really necessary and consist either of early demos or recent remixes of the instrumental tracks, rearranged into medleys with titles like \\"The Naked Eye.\\" In general, the more detail-oriented the band, the less likely you are to find something fascinating among the bonus tracks and this CD supports that generalization. Also, with hindsight it's obvious that despite the artwork featuring multiple surveillance cameras and graphics of the Eye of Horus (along with Alan Parsons reputation for concept albums), this collection of songs lacks a central theme and has nothing to do with a consistent 1984/Orwellian premise. That wouldn't be a valid criticism if it weren't somehow implied that this is a concept album.     That said, this is one of those CDs that I find myself turning to over and over again. It still sounds amazingly fresh, crisp, and beautifully written. It's well worth your exploration.
0545128285|5.0|I enjoyed reading the book that is what leads the Potter gang through their trials during the Deathly Hallows. Wizards tell their children very strange stories.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I was gifted this book for Christmas and after discovering the plot, was mildly horrified and thought, \\"what were my friends thinking?\\" But after a few pages, I literally could not put it down and read the whole thing in less than 48 hours over Christmas break. I immediately went out and bought the next book in the trilogy. Can't wait to find out what happens next.    The characters are interesting and mostly likable, although some of the fellow tributes are too one-dimensional and I wanted to know more about a few of them, especially Foxface.     Let's hope Ms. Collins' bleak future never comes to pass.
B0025KVLTC|5.0|1966 was a big year for our lovable moptops: They stopped touring, John caused an uproar in religious communities, George got married, and the group was shunned in both Japan and the Philippines. However, all of the aforementioned events pale in comparison to the creation of Revolver. The Beatles loved experimenting in the studio and this album made that very clear. No album preceded, nor followed, Revolver in its greatness. It's always been a personal favourite of mine and for good reason. Tracks like \\"Taxman\\" and \\"Eleanor Rigby\\" are timeless classics. What I love most though is that, for the first time, George Harrison was the Beatle that left me stunned. He really stepped up his game here.
B004FDY4LE|5.0|I'm a bit obsessed with zombies.  I watch the movies, play the games, and even read some of the books.  Having experienced so much zombie media, I feel fairly content saying that this is one of the best I've seen.  It's short, only 6 episodes, but you already knew that.  The important part is that there is a lot of important things in those 6 episodes.  Normally, in my experience, it takes at least a seasons for a TV show to \\"find it's groove.\\"  Weather it's trying to establish characters, setting up multiple plot lines, or filling out the backstory, the the truth is that there normally just isn't enough time to get everything set right away.  The Walking Dead seems to have bypassed this.  After only 6 episodes, I was already attached to the characters, cared about the blots, and felt like I understood a lot about the world the show takes place in.  I think the most important thing to understand with this show is that it isn't a zombie movie with people in it.  It's a drama with zombies in it.  The survivors and their thoughts and feelings and relationships are the focus, and the zombie apocalypse is mearly the backdrop driving the show forward.  This makes for a show that is watchable by both fans of the genre such as myself, and people who normally wouldn't give a zombie movie the time of day.    With a second season coming out late next year, I'm excited to see what we're in for with more than 6 episodes to work with.
0689865384|5.0|I initially chalked this series up as yet another teenage girl coming-of-age story, but my wife and daughter kept telling me I'd love them. So I tried Uglies, and could't put them down until I had read all 4 (Uglies, Pretties, Specials, and Extras). It's a post-apocalyptic future in which the populace is tightly managed through age segregation and chemical/surgical manipulation. It has the feel of Orwell's 1984, but with a modern flare and some eye glitter. I've had just about enough of the crappy superhero movies, and am hoping someone grabs hold of this series and brings it to film. They'll be a hit.
0385339100|2.0|I enjoyed this book with all its twists and turns through the first 2/3rds of the book. I like the way Grisham revealed details a little at a time along the way but towards the end it just seemed like he was in a hurry to get the book done...things got a bit unbelievable and the ending was horrible! A complete shocker.  I even went back and reread the parts concerning this one character and there was nothing to support the ending.  What a disappointment!
0345479092|2.0|I was given a copy of this book before the birth of my first child. About 2/3 of the way through the book, I finally had to put it aside because it was stressing me out with all of the things Ms. Hogg considered \\"necessary\\" in order to have a happy, contented baby. After my son was born, I decided to read it again and found that he didn't fit very neatly into any of her four categories of babies.<br /><br />We tried her EASY technique for the past four months and we're abandoning it now because it isn't working for our son. He likes to eat, then sleep, then play.<br /><br />I also agree that there are several times where the author comes across condescending and like a really bad British sitcom. If you have a low tolerance for being talked at, skip this book.
031603438X|5.0|Keith has been portrayed as the caricature of the dissolute rockstar.  He's done it all, and more.  He is a great musician.  The music always came first.  The book seems honest.  Keith has been at the epicenter of rock music for fifty years.  He's had an amazing life.  Can you imagine being one of the Rolling Stones?  Keith says most groupies are not good looking; best to stick to supermodels.  He uses the words \\"dilatory\\" and \\"fractious\\" in the book!  Read it-- you won't be disappointed.
B004G8ZZHU|4.0|This was a very FUN movie.  It had great action with really great stunts and the whole thing was peppered with humor that was very effective.  The characters were quirky and likeable (except for that female captain!) and I enjoyed it MUCH more than I thought I would.  It had enough story to keep it interesting between things blowing up and going boom.  :)<br />I never saw the old t-v series and I wasn't at all lost.
B002LC2DQ4|5.0|I have an Olympus E-620.  It conveniently has 2 memeory card slots.  The CF (compact flash) is mainly used for work related images.  It is easy to switch between memory cards when required.  I use the XD card for non-work related images such as home/family, outdoor scenery, wildlife, etc.  It can hold hundreds of pictures (600+) and is great for taking lots of photos on long weekend trips with the family.  Speed is top notch when taking multiple pictures in sequence.
B004EJ14V2|5.0|I thought the film was actually quite nice. It had a good humor, was fun to watch, and had a unique storytelling. I think thats what i actually liked the best, the way the story is presented with this girl talking into her webcam.
B0044XV3QY|5.0|Done well. Great collection to own. Extra footage and information about creating the movie was very interesting and gives even more meaning to the movie.
1594488843|5.0|This is one of the best, most thought-provoking, inspirational books that I have read in years.  I read it straight through and then immediately called several friends and family members to recommend it.  There is much there for business people, educators, parents, and probably just about anyone trying to create a fulfilling life and career.  It will have you thinking differently - and more constructively - about the choices you make, the way you learn, and what gets you out of bed in the morning.
B002N44XSG|5.0|i loved loved this book im a big fan of percy jackson so if you like or love percy jackson you should buy it
B002ZG994U|2.0|This movie has potiential, but its not as good as the original t.v. show of the same name. The main cast is poorly portrayed and Mr. YT doesn't star as Bosco,<br />the comedy is very few, the action scenes are choppy because of bad camera shifting and the acting is bad. Despite these issues, the action is cool, but not really worth checking out. Watch the original t.v.. show if u wanna see the real A-Team, not this boring waste of time. 5/10
0060594896|3.0|This book is a compilation of many different achievement techniques gathered over the author's lifetime from many many sources.  It can be a bit disjointed.  I keep thinking, as I'm reading, that there should be worksheets or a workbook to go with it - I am a very visual learner and want to see everything laid out visually.  Mr. Canfield gives so many ideas for how to do this - like a smorgasbord of possible techniques, it is overwhelming.  There is probably something that will work for each individual in the whole array of possibilities, and some may do a good job of picking the ones that would work best for them, but I am feeling a bit lost and confused and bogged down before I am halfway done and am feeling less inclined to finish the book now, while at first I couldn't put it down.  Is there a workbook already?
B002UXRGM0|5.0|This is a good product I have enjoyed it very much.  I bought the Planet Earth series as well and we love to watch these on Friday nights I would highly recommend this product.
B000002A46|5.0|If you like Mariah Carey you will love this CD. She recently did a different version of \\"All I Want For Christmas\\", but I like the original, which this CD has. Some songs she does traditionally, others she adds her special touch and unique voice to. I love all the songs on the CD, so I would recommend buying.
B0001MDP3G|1.0|Thisi s a poor excuse for a movie. While this flick has some good historic civial war imagery, they're all a bunch of sad moments that make this movie too cold to watch. There is a very shallow story in here despite all of this, its a love story between Jude Law's character and Nicole Kidman's characters who fall inlove but ever truly get to know each other, what makes this worse is tht Law's character dies at the end. This movie drags on and on with sad moments and tells no real story. Despite all of this, the action scenes are good, but they don't make this movie any better. This movie is too cold for its own good, skip it.<br />3.5/10
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This is a beautiful documentation of our World's beauty.  Without beauty in your hearts, siblings, friends, girlfriend, kids,  flowers, trees, parks, beaches, mountains, all animals on land in the air and the seas and in everthing on this earth for each and every one of us, we can't live a full life. We must protect the beauty and this world from those who want to destroy it for a few bucks. If we loose anyone of these beautiful things, we can not get it back. Please help save Planet Earth in everyway you can to share with others.
097747609X|3.0|First off, Hitler was not a Socialist in any sense of the word. If so, he would not have put all the members of the Communist Party in Germany at the time in concentration camps.     He was a Autocrat. Fascism is a government run by corporations, which is the direction we have been moving in for the past 30 years. A true Socialist (Karl Marx, not Lenin) is one who believes that a society is like a team, and that that team is only as strong as its weakest link. So it makes sure everyone's most vital needs are met. To do so, that society is government run.    Obama, on the other hand believes in Social Democracy, which is the model now being used throughout Europe. It is the best of Capitalism and Socialism combined and completely sanctioned by the voters there. That is, there is a free market which is heavily scrutinized for corruption and greed -- such as what we have seen here in the U.S. On the other hand, for those who are impoverished, unemployed by no fault of their own, disabled, retired, or disadvantaged in any number of ways, the government picks up the tab on heath care (National Health Care Insurance), minimal housing, necessary utilities (heat, electricity, gas) and transportation (such as public buses and trains).     This way everyone wins. And this is what describes our president's philosophy best. Of course, due the vast misunderstanding in this country  of the distinction between Communism -- as it has been practiced in the past by totalitarian nations like the Soviet Union and China  --  and true Socialism, he can't afford to go on record as a Social-Democrat.
B003JSSPSY|5.0|Wonderful show with great dialog and character development. Unfortunately it wasn't well marketed by ABC and had a rough time slot. If you like fantasy (read: wizards and swords) type of movies this is it.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|Purchased this for a Christmas gift and was very pleased with how prompt the delivery was.  Arrived sooner than expected and in excellent shape.  It has not been used yet so cannot rate detail of use but was brand new as stated and expect to be pleased with it.  I will definitely use this seller again.
0307454541|4.0|This was the first book that after reading the first chapter I swore I would not ever pick it up again. Something however compelled me to do so; that was when I meant Salander, the girl with the dragon tattoo. I not only went back and reread the first chapter, but discovered that this story was difficult to leave and always a pleasure to sit back down with.<br />  This a very good mystery involving one of the richest families in Sweden, the Vangers. Mikael Blomkvist is hired to write a family history which turns out to be more than he planned on, to say the least. There are parts involving the workings of a financial investigative magazine and how it looks into organized crime. This does slow the story down in spots, but I just fast read through those. There are also many characters in the Vanger Family; sorting them out is difficult too. However Salander's life is a mystery and a pleasure to follow when it joins with Mikael. I'm moving on with a hot passion for \\"Fire\\".<br />  There are very expicit sexual and perverse segments in this story too.
B000KJT8IG|5.0|Viewing this movie is an annual event at our house and it is funnier every year.  It is a a no-mind movie that you can just sit back and enjoy, no hidden message, no preaching, just plain fun.  The characters are perfect.
B002GY9F9K|5.0|Wonderful show with great dialog and character development. Unfortunately it wasn't well marketed by ABC and had a rough time slot. If you like fantasy (read: wizards and swords) type of movies this is it. It really is a visually beautiful show to watch too.
B000P0J09M|5.0|A fast paced thoroughly entertaining movie with an excellent musical soundtrack.  The acting is top notch and the story is well written.  Great entertainment value for the price.  Worth owning and watching several times over.
B003JTHXOK|4.0|this book kind of remined me of the resuce but changed half way through. after u found out what she went through it was hard to put the book down. very exiciting n thrilling loved the new style sparks is heading. hasent failed me yet!
B000Z8GZYW|5.0|I think this is one of the most under appreciated films of all time.  The script is brilliant, you think you know where it's going and it goes there...in the first 30 minutes, and then it just keeps adding new layers.  Stronger thematic content than you will find in almost any Hollywood studio film and a fabulous performance from Murray should have garnered this film multiple Oscar nods.  The fact that there are so many wrinkles to discover as the day repeats in new and unusual ways makes this a movie that bears repeat viewings.  A classic!
0375413405|5.0|I ordered this book and it arrived quickly. The book was in perfect condition. I gave it as a Christmas gift. Thanks for great service!
B002VECLVO|5.0|I have mostly given up watching contemporary movies.  I am old enough to stick with the old classics.  A former student recommended that I purchase \\"A Single Man\\" because of the delicacy of direction.  I watced it on my computer monitor several mornings in a row, and I am looking foreward to watching it several more times.  I especially liked the swimming sequences, reminding me of my boyhood back in the 20's.  It is incredible how autobiographical the movie is[[ASIN:B002VECLVO A Single Man]]
B002ZG993Q|1.0|This is the stupidest movie I have ever seen. George Clooney at times stares in to space for no reason. They do not tell you who he works for or why he is in Italy and why he kills the Swedish girl at the start of the movie.The priest turns out to be the father of the towns mechanic no reason given. The only good thing in the movie is the beautiful prostitute.
B002RVZV9K|5.0|Own a copy of this ...     A look at influential guitarists across 3 generations and what inspired their styles ... great concept + great subjects = fantastic DVD ...     I could have listened to Jimmy Page for another 2 hours - would love to see the unedited cut of this one ...
0743497465|4.0|As with the other books written by Dan Brown this one keeps my interest and has enough twists to keep me guessing.
0316044695|1.0|I don't think I have ever not finished a book, even one I wasn't enjoying reading. But by about page 30 of this book I was so bored and disgusted I only skimmed the rest of the book to get the gist of the story. I feel bad for Luttrell's comrades who lost their lives in the skirmish, and that this book is their elegy. They deserve a whole lot better. This book is not for people who want an accurate account of an event. It's also not for people who are broad-minded, anything left than right-wing conservative, and anyone who doubts that George W. Bush was the greatest president that ever lived. If you think there are two sides to any story and that other cultures deserve to be studied before labeling its people stupid and ignorant, this book isn't for you. I would love to have read a third-person account of this story, without Luttrell's constant examples of his \\"bad-ass humor\\" and his learned diatribes against liberals, the media, politicians, the Geneva Convention, any culture other than east Texan, and goats. The irony is that while he repeatedly derides the Taliban for their religious fanaticism, he says that God went into war with him (Luttrell) and made sure his rifle followed him as he slid down a mountain. His god is definitely better than the Muslim's god. But he's no fanatic. This book is trash. I'm so glad I didn't pay for the copy I have. My dog, on the other hand, loves it. Great chew toy.
B003UESJH4|5.0|I also expected to enjoy this film, but found it captivating.  To see what the king overcame to fulfill his unwanted position in life was amazing.  Great true to life story from beginning to end.
0553593544|1.0|I have never said this ever about a book - but the movie is far better.    Puffed up, pot boiling trash is probably the best way to describe this - and that's an insult to puffed up, pot boiling trash.  Ludlum should have been ashamed to put his name to it.  How do you take a concept this good and reduce it to so much cow manure?  If I had been asked to hold my breath for the length of time Ludlum asks me to suspend my disbelief I would have suffocated inside the first 10 pages.    I was interested to see whether the trilogy improved the further I got into it so I forced myself through the other two books.  Amazingly he managed to lower the bar with each attempt!  Just when you thought he couldn't write anything worse there was The Bourne Supremacy.  \\"Oh well, at least he's bottomed out now, the only way is up\\", you start to think.  But no, Ludlum picks up a shovel and digs his way further into the dung heap with The Bourne Ultimatum.    This is time I will never get back - I implore you to avoid reading this rubbish so you don't feel similarly disappointed at the end.    If you want decent spy literature from around the same period, you could try John Le Carre instead.  In fact anything would beat this nonsense.    Just as The Sex Pistols produced The Great Rock and Roll Swindle with Malcolm McLaren, in this book (and indeed the trilogy) Ludlum has produced The Great Spy Novel Swindle.
0812973992|1.0|I really wanted to like this book. However, every night that I laid down to read it before bed, I felt this dread! Although I graduated from college 16 years ago, every time I would pick up this book, it reminded me of boring things I HAD to read in college. I think the idea of the book is terrific...how all these events eventually come together, but I just couldn't relate to the characters. I didn't care what happened to them. By the 2nd chapter, I wanted to throw the book across the room!  The only thing that made me happy about the book is that I didn't purchase it...I borrowed it from a friend. And I will happily return it to her tomorrow!
B000DZIGDU|4.0|One of the finest films based on marine life, which does not totally emphasize on just wars. 'Jarhead' doesn't showcase marine films as a typical war or action/heroism flick, its much more than that. Let's forget war and politics for sometime and simply just look into the lives of these soldiers, who happen to be a human just like you and me. A brilliant performence from Jake Gyllenhaal and Jamiee Fox quite easily engages your mind and glues you to the edge of your seat, the chemistry between them is outstanding. The musical score is decent and the cinematography is simply breathtaking. Overall, A decently made film, moreover a real film with real characters.
B0044XV3QY|3.0|The movie can be sumed up in one little blip. A science fiction based Dances with wolves dripping with political overtones. Looks great I will give Weta that.
B001NFNFNU|5.0|Predators against children and violent sexual predators should have the ending of this movie. Can you really see this and not think of the death sentence as an appropriate result?  This show as True Crime and Period Piece works the magic of absolute attention to detail. It can be hard to watch.   Angelina Jolie shines as do other actors both as victims and dark symbols of abused authority.   This is absolutely worth watching and owning.
B00003CXIP|5.0|This film just popped up on a amazon.com list of 35 family movies. I love Stand by Me -- less so than when it first came out, but I still think it resonates -- but I would not recommend this movie for children under the age of 14 or so. There is A LOT of bad language, kids smoking, child abuse, etc. etc.
B003EI2EH2|4.0|I loved 4HWW and 4HB as well. Tim Ferriss is an awesome author and amazing dude. You can poke holes in a lot of the stuff he says but he's clearly done his homework and knows what he is talking about. Like most books, I don't believe everything I read and will certainly use aspects of the book.    I am VERY skeptical of 100+ 5 star reviews in one day and 350+ reviews in two weeks. This is honestly the only reason I gave it four stars. Tim touts his abilities to get his books onto bestseller lists and soliciting amazon reviews from everyone he knows is an easy way to do so.    I'd buy this book 10 times out of 10 times and will reuse it as a reference.
0307266303|5.0|I had been wanting to read this book ever since I saw the author's excerpt in Men's Health a few years ago. I finally picked it up, with very high expectations, and was not disappointed. I have NEVER in my life enjoyed running, but this book motivated me to get out there and try it. It's only been a few months since I started, but I still draw on the inspiration this book gave me to get out there and be more active. Running in minimalist shoes and focusing on my a forefoot strike has actually been fun. Sitting behind my desk for 9 hours a day is torture now!    The book contains a little bit of science mixed with a fair amount of personal anecdote and amazing tales of larger than life personalities. I've recommended Born to Run to friends and family (along with loaning out my book) and hope that it causes them to make the same life-changing decisions that I have.
B000JML7EC|5.0|[a] fun, edge-of-of your seat pirate story. it is an excellent book for young adults or even nine and up.
B002Q1YDLI|5.0|I read something borrowed and fell in love with Emily Griffin. Something blue is a grea follow up book that will make you root for the enemy!
B003AO1SVS|5.0|I started listening to the Black Keys over the past year and quickly bought every album they ever put out. This is my favorite album yet by them and some of their tracks were produced by Danger Mouse.
B001ECQ75A|5.0|i'm not a cartoon watching person, but this is a great movie.  something both kids and adults can enjoy together.
0439023521|4.0|Winning means fame and fortune. Losing means certain death. The premise of THE HUNGER GAMES by Suzanne Collins (2008) didn't seem that interesting for me. There was a lot of hype about it. (I'm anti-hype.) But I decided to give it a try anyway. I was surprised. I really thought it would hate the idea of a game of life and death between children. The writing is first person narrative by Katniss. Her little sister's name is drawn to participate in the hunger games. She is protective of the sweet little thing and mindlessly volunteers in her stead. (I would have been the scared sister, not the protective one.)<br /><br />The story tells of a world that has been nearly swallowed by the ocean. America is under new management and only the land around the Rockies is above water. There are 12 poor districts ruled by the rich Capitol. The Capital maintains control over the other districts who provide them coal, crops, fish and other such things from each area, by forcing their childrens name to go into a drawing each year to participate in the Hunger Games. They draw two names from each district. They are placed in an enormous dome in the wilderness forced to fight to the death--with cameras watching. Children gladiators--a bit scarey.<br /><br />I anticipated it being gruesome and it was but the main character is genuine and worth the time invested in this novel. It reads really quickly but left me wanting more with the cliffhanger at the end. (Don't worry, no spoilers, and it's not what you think!)<br /><br />I'd rate it at a 4. Very Good: It was a very good choice to read. It was worth the time but the violence was a off the hook! This is a YA Novel but the violence is rather ghastly. But of course, I'm a grown up and I'll be reading the next in the series: CATCHING FIRE.<br /><br />YA NOTE: This is a young adult novel but has the violence level of a rated \\"R\\" movie. They see about as much playing video games. I just thought I'd warn you! But maybe reading it is easier than seeing it on the big screen.<br /><br />Read more of my Book Reviews on my blog: [...]Read more of my Book Reviews on my blog: [...]
B0001I561E|5.0|My kids watched this movie when they were young. Recently I took (twice) my 2 year old granddaughter to the Aladdin play at Disney's California Adventure. She loved that, so I got this DVD for her. She watches it over and over.     Warning: There is a scary part or two with the cobra snake, so watch with your small child. We laughed it off with my granddaughter, and now she points at the screen and laughs, \\"Bad snake, bad snake\\". Works for me!
B0042RJWTC|5.0|I was very pleased with the quality of my purchase and Amazon's delivery.   I was very disapointed that even before I recieved the product other mass merchandisers were offering the product for almost $10.00 less than I paid Amazon but there policy of not matching prices cost me the differance.  outside of loseing the money I was very satisfied.
0061801313|4.0|So just after I read this book,I made my mom get the whole series. I read all the eight books in 1 week in a half. It was a really good book, not at all boring, with a great mystery. The only thing that I didn't like was the excess of teenagers with \\"out-of-control-hormones\\". I am just in eighth grade, but I know for sure that boys and girls that age are not like that,and this book makes it like that even when there are fifth grade flashbacks!<br />Other than that, I repeat, it was really good and I loved it. I could identify to Hanna in most parts, and a bit of every other character, but not really that much. I recommend it to everyone who likes Gossip Girl,a good mystery and who is 13+.
B0041T7FS6|5.0|The Chic Organization boxset would come as somewhat of a surprise since the boxset treatment is typically reserved for legendary recording artists who are household names ( James Brown, The Temptations, Bee Gees, and Rod Stewart- just to name a few). Looking at Nile Rodgers and Bernard Edwards output, it would seem like their output is not deep enough to warrant a box set spanning four CD's - since one would assume that their songs under the Chic umbrella and a few for Sister Sledge represents their total output as producers and songwriters. Little do many people know, Nile and Nard was quietly expanding their musical reputation by extending their patented grooves to a number of artists outside of their successful run with Chic. While Nile and Nard influence may not be as widely regarded here in the States, their influence is massive overseas as proven by this boxset being packaged and released under Warner's branch in France.    Given the depth and breadth of this boxset, the international dance scene is keen on the material Nile and Nard produced outside of their most familiar hits. While everyone will be familiar with the original Chic and Sister Sledge tracks; it's the rare mixes, unreleased material, and alternate mixes that makes this boxset a must have for any casual or hardcore Chic Fans. Since Nile and Nard initially established their musical reputation under the Chic banner, it's not surprising that half of the songs on this boxset consist of their songs.   The Chic song selection can actually be just as feasible as any of their double and single disc anthologies since you get the bare essentials as well as alternate and 12\\" inch versions of some of their songs.  The most notable of these songs are their unreleased takes on \\"Funny Bone\\" and \\"What About Me\\" in which both songs are stripped down to their funky elements without the disco finish of the originals- similar to the feel many of the songs have on their 1981 album \\"Take It Off\\".  Also worth a nod is\\"Just Call Me\\" an unreleased gem most likely taken from the \\"Believer\\" sessions which Nile and Nard proved they were able to break from their groove and adapt to the post disco era. The song had hit potential so it's a wonder why it was never released until now.      While most of the Chic and Sister Sledge tracks are what you will expect with the exception of a few of Dimitri from Paris Remixes, it's the songs they produced for other artists that makes this boxset essential because it contains hidden gems and stylistic detours. I would bet that a lot of listeners haven't heard the Fonzi Thorton tracks and would be surprised to know that they measure up quite nicely with the Chic songs.  Fans of Norma Jean will to be happy to know that \\"Sorcerer\\" and \\"High Society\\" are here in their full length 12\\" versions - which beats having to pay a ridiculous amount of money for her OOP self titled CD reissue which contains these mixes.  Johnny Mathis \\"I Want to fall in Love\\" is probably better than any Chic ballad as his voice brings a sense of distinguished warmth to the slow and funky groove. The same can be said for a previously unreleased take On Teddy Pendergrass\\" Dream Girl\\" as TP brings a great deal of soulfulness that was often missing from Chic's own slow jams.  One of the other Johnny Mathis tracks \\"It's Alright to Love Me\\" is one of the few tracks where Nile and Nard take some risks by adding an unique piano texture that breaks into a funky Chic-ish groove in the middle.  Deborah Harry brings an offbeat vocal performance to \\"Backfired\\" that sound better than one would expect- given it's a mismatched merging of Blondie's new wave swagger and the trademark Champagne disco funk of Nile and Nard. On Sheila B and Devotion's \\"Spacer\\", The duo flirts with euro disco with a ethereal groove and spacey vibe that's devoid of the funkiness of their usual productions but in a good sense.  Carly Simon's \\"Why\\" is an interesting hybrid of synths, reggae, and drum machines that sounds mechanically mesmerizing.     Then there are the Dimitri from Paris remixes. The quality of the remixes may never surpass the originals since many fans are accustomed to them, but I feel they make for great alternatives to the originals if you want \\"pure\\" dance mixes. My only complaint about the remixes is that the reediting does take away from the musical interplay between Nile and Nard- which made them standout from many of their disco contemporaries. The remix \\"I Want Your Love\\" doesn't feel as loose as the original. However, the remixes are built on the original elements- making that flaw in the re-editing a minor issue.     Coming out of this boxset, I was floored by how universal the Chic sound actually is.  A variety of artists from different genres was all touch by Nile and Nard patented grooves, but the results come out sounding just as great as those for Chic throughout this collection. I would like to think of them as MFSB on a smaller scale, but that wouldn't be appropriate given that both had an original style that warrants individual classification.  While I can easily point out the flaw of this boxset being somewhat repetitive throughout four discs, it's also a fluid listening experience for the most part since you know to expect.      So the next time you have a get together or a night alone, put on the Chic Organization Boxset and expect to DANCE, DANCE, DANCE!
0783230079|4.0|This obscure movie is actually pretty good. Even with the subject matter ( after death experiences), it is actually cute and heartwarming.
B00009RDGA|5.0|Could not wait on this movie to arrive!  And it was and is STILL one of my favorites.  It just reminds me of my Father and I.  Not that we EVER argued as such, but that we just liked to \\"hang\\".    He's not as enthusiastic about watching ANY movie more than once, but I'm going to take some time and make him sit down with me to see it again.  After all, I have to watch all those crazy sports with him when I visit.......I mean, it's only fair!  Don't you think?
B003PIUBZS|5.0|I got the item in 2 days and it came packaged well and looks like something I would buy from some retail store. I am satisfied with my purchase if you like Spartacus and want the first season then it's a good purchase.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Hooked me from the get go.  Loved the trilogy and the fact that it wasn't what you think it's going to be.  a great find!
B000002LFZ|5.0|I am pretty much beyond rock and roll, with a few exceptions. This is one of them. Every song here is a delight and will demonstrate why FM was the most popular group in their day.
B001GZ6QC4|2.0|To begin, the movie itself is good.  Worth adding to your collection.  This is a review of the DVD itself, about which I have one major complaint.    This DVD supposedly comes with a digital copy of the movie which you can download off of the Warner Brothers website.  I like storing movies on my hard drive so that I can browse through them easily, and I like the idea of having a backup of the DVD for when the disc inevitably becomes unreadable. But when I went to download the digital copy, I was told that I would have to PURCHASE the copy for $1.99--it was only free until June 9, 2009.  I just got the movie for Christmas, so I guess that's what I get for waiting.  Then I look more closely and the digital copy is a Windows Media Player only version--won't work on apple computers and won't work on iPods.  This, to me, is insane.  To exclude something like 10% of computer users just seems wrong, but to prevent the movie from playing on a portable media device that owns 75% of the market is just baffling.  I'm glad I spotted that before I dropped $2 on the digital copy.  It's like selling a car, and then selling the tires separately.  Also, the tires can only drive on cobblestone roads--if you want to drive on paved roads you're SOL.    I'm so frustrated by all this DRM BS.  Just let me watch my movie where I want to watch it.  I bought it, after all.  The guys who pirate DVDs can blow past this stuff like it's not even there, and the ones who download through bittorrent never have to deal with it. It's the idiots like me who still buy movies off the shelf that are stuck with something that we can't watch on iPods and can't back up on our hard drive.      I'd give it one star, but as I said, it's a good movie.  So it gets two.
B002UZXJA6|5.0|Songs from the heart is a CD I will listen to over and over, it is exactly what I wanted.
6305128952|5.0|I am not the biggest Redford fan (off screen) but I recognize that he can be a superb actor. This movie is no exception. Although longer than most movies, it is engrossing. Also known for a young Scarlett Johansen (oh that was her? Yep, and she does a nice bit of acting here as well). The story is not as off beat as the title might lead one to believe, and personally I was very satisfied with the ending although some would disagree.
B002N5N5QQ|4.0|I ordered this as a gift for my husband who loves the show~got me hooked too!  Shipping was a little slow, but I received it in time for Christmas and it made a great gift.
B0036EH3XE|1.0|Talk about bait and switch. I watched seasons 1-5 with the expectation that the inumerable abandoned concepts and plot threads and mysteries would be given context and at least rudimentary explanation in season 6. Instead I was treated to a bizarre and utterly irrelevant \\"flash sideways\\", a magical glowing cave, and an ultra syrupy pseudo ecumenical religious ending that leaves the vast majority of aformentioned plot threads, etc, unresolved and thus pointless. Others have pointed out some of the specifics so I won't go into them here, suffice to say that there are literally dozens of unanswered questions/abandoned story concepts that come to my mind. From now on I will be waiting for a series to be over to start watching it if it is a serial like Lost was. I am sooo disappointed it's not even funny.<br />One final thing. I love this \\"It was always about the characters\\" excuse. OH PLEASE! Seinfeld was about the characters. Lost WAS about intriguing storytelling mixed with excellent character development.<br />Do you honestly think people would have tuned in every week to watch what would have amounted to a soap opera set on a deserted island?! NO! It was about the mysteries and the island, NOT just the characters.<br />Good bye Lost, we had some good times, but you left me soured.
1936594234|5.0|I was recommended this book buy an older man. Didn't think much of, but took his advice, and read it. It's a broad wall to look at Life. In my opinion it's a manual for your life, or another way to look at Life. The author, a doctor, is the founder of the subconscious mind movement, it all starts here. I just liked this book so much I have to write about it. Its a treasure in the attic because it's so old. If you read it I just hope you to come to understand it the way I did.
B003AO1SVS|5.0|This is a great album and every song is really good.  Its nice and chill music with a cool sound.
1401307450|5.0|This book is brilliant all around. He's lead a fantastic life, regardless of the hard ships. (that's what makes us human anyways, isn't it?) In the book you'll hear all about the things he did as a reckless, dirt poor kid which carried on into much of his phenomenal musical career. Don't expect to read too much into the Chili Peppers. Although there is a profound collections of stories around that, this book is mainly discussing his personal steps in life which got him to where he is now. I'd recommend this book to anybody. I'd especially recommend it to anybody suffering from a habitual drug or alcohol problem.<br /><br />Five stars.
B0029LHW4U|5.0|I ache for Layne.  There will never be another like him. Its still so sad.  But I loved the entire group so I thought I would give them a chance. I wanted to hear Layne's voice come through but it never will again. He has denied the world further joy of those intoxicating vocals of his.<br /><br />I did not think a new singer (W.DuV) would work but it does.  Its just different, not Layne.  I thoroughly enjoyed the CD from the first song to the last.<br /><br />And those delicious, wavering, drunken guitars, BE STILL MY HEART.<br /><br />THANK YOU ALICE IN CHAINS
0385512058|1.0|If you've ever watched the show \\"The Office\\", you might be able to compare Keith Ferrazzi to the characters Dwight Schrute or Andy Bernard. Nobody likes the networking jerk who pretends to share interests with you and is only interested in getting your business card. Keith is self-serving and manipulative, only initiating relationships if he sees prospective gain for himself out of it. I cannot believe this guy has the audacity to publish a book in plain sight of his colleagues on how he used them to his advantage. If I was his colleague, I would feel used and livid.<br /><br />Of course, some managers/executives like the networking jerk personality especially in the sales profession. However, most business men and women I know would immediately be turned off by somebody like Keith. I would as well. I don't believe in using people and I don't believe in \\"elevator pitches\\". If some kid came up to me and started spewing a rehearsed \\"Hi my name is...\\" speech I would think it's pathetic and fake. People need to be sincere when trying to establish relationships. There's no use in trying to be a chameleon... morphing to mirror different personalities in hopes of getting a \\"relationship\\" with that person.<br /><br />You might be able to get some helpful material on putting yourself \\"out there\\" in the first chapter but after that it is just \\"how to be a network jerk\\" jargon.<br /><br />This book might be good if you are in sales, but in any other function of business... finance, supply chain management, etc... it's just crap. If I were to profile Keith in two words it would be \\"networking whore\\". He's no different than that Facebook user who literally has thousands of friends.
B003JTHXOK|5.0|Another great book from Nicholas Sparks.  I read the entire book in one afternoon - while the snow was falling.  It was a prefect day!
1400052173|5.0|I thought this was a very enjoyable and easy to read.  I could not put it down.  It would be great for an undergraduate Medical Anthropology or Anthropology of Science course.
630469654X|5.0|This is one of those movies that never go out of 'fashion'. I saw this when it first came out and bought it on VHS. The stars were so very young and relatively unknown at the time. Who would have ever dreamed that a young Matthew Broderick would be acting with Rutger Hauer and Michelle Pfieffer?   The storyline,simply put: star crossed lovers doomed to never meet again because of the jealousy of a wicked Bishop.  Well, they do meet, albeit ever so momentarily at dawn, before the sun rises and touches their eyes and Rutger is once again human but Michelle becomes a Hawk. Their desire is to break the curse and continue their lives. Thus the story continues.  Of course Rutger and Michelle are the lovers and poor Matthew is the child caught in the middle. Well, he's more of a soul that gets caught up in the power of love.  I would say that anyone who likes a good love story, or a good fighting with swords and such love story would like this.
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|We love watching this show.  The characters are very engaging and the storylines are well written.  The bits of humor added in are very timely and add a lot to the show.
0735619670|5.0|This book is truly one of those books that anyone that is serious about learning how to write more maintainable code should have on their shelf. At 800+ pages, there are so many good nuggets of information that you are sure to go back to this book again and again to see what you can pick up with each subsequent perusal. It will make you paranoid about the code you are writing, but in a good way.     The book itself appears to be geared towards those that are doing production-level code, and in a team environment, but I would say it is worth a read for anyone that is ever going to write something that they may have to go back and take a look at / tweak / modify later.      One thing to note is that the code examples are in C++, Java, and VB; So if you have not had much exposure to these languages, that may make the examples a bit unfamiliar. But if you ever do plan on getting into coding in any of those languages, or .Net or the like, then you will definitely want this book around. Each topic is handled expertly; at no time did I become confused with what the author was attempting to lay out. And it was not laborious to read. In short, I ranked this book as a 5, because I found no fault with it. nuff said!
B0015DROBO|3.0|It's a good mystery thriller, but don't expect any deep insight into anything. The author focuses on the mistreatment of women, but that might be the only commentary on anything (well the characters' sex lives were at times interesting).  Read it if you're a fan of crime mysteries but not worth it otherwise, imo.
B003UESJIS|4.0|If \\"Another Year\\" comes off as unsatisfying, perhaps that's a testament to director Mike Leigh's affinity for depicting real life as it naturally unfolds. The movie doesn't have much of a plot, but it does have a strong sense of character, believable dialogue, and a definite theme, namely that life simply goes on. It's about ordinary people with ordinary problems; they may initially seem otherworldly, but they become more real as the film progresses, and by the end, we feel as if we've known them for years. This isn't to suggest that we automatically like all of them. You can understand a person and still think they're better suited in someone else's company. The film doesn't offer a lot in the way of resolution, but then again, neither does life, so I guess there's no sense in complaining.    Taking place in England, the center of the story is Tom and Gerri (Jim Broadbent and Ruth Sheen), and before you ask, yes, they get the occasional joke about how their names are pared. They're in their autumn years and have been married a long time. They're perfectly content; Tom is an engineering geologist, Gerri is a counselor, and after some years of travelling, the two now enjoy gardening and harvesting vegetables. Their thirty-year-old son, Joe (Oliver Maltman), hasn't yet found a girlfriend but is about as content as his parents. They address each other simply and don't seem to have any issues with one another. We follow them through the course of four seasons as they interact with friends and family, who all seem to suffer from some degree of unhappiness.    The most prominent is Gerri's coworker, Mary (Lesley Manville). At first, she's a comical figure, a woman who can't seem to stop talking and always nurses a glass of wine. With every passing scene, she becomes more and more tragic until we realize that she's a desperately lonely alcoholic in serious need of professional help. She has known Joe since he was ten, and now that he's a man, she finds that she's incredibly attracted to him. He doesn't feel the same way, but he never avoids her; in fact, there are times when he makes it a point to have a conversation with her. And, when he finally does get a girlfriend, he isn't afraid to introduce her to Mary, who, as you can probably guess, is crushed. She realizes that she wasn't ready for her first marriage. She finally fell in love in her thirties, but it was to a man who ultimately divorced her and left her with nothing. At this advanced stage in her life, she just wants someone to talk to.    Mary's life is symbolized by a used car she purchased with what little money she had stashed away. We never see it fall to pieces, but there are a couple of densely worded scenes in which she rants about the mechanical problems, the break-ins, and the financial woes they entail. She's a terrible driver and gets lost quite easily, even on routes she has successfully walked many times. She relies a little too often on take-away food, since she's not much of a cook and hasn't dated anyone who would take that responsibility. She says in an early scene that she's happy to be independent, but the fact is, she wants to be taken care of. Gerri addresses her just as simply as she does her husband; if she considers Mary a friend, then I find it peculiar she didn't make more of an effort to get her help. She is, after all, a counselor.    Other characters are introduced. Some are written out much sooner than we'd expect them to be, begging the question of why they were included in the first place. Consider Tom's friend, Ken (Peter Wight), who's aging, overweight, a smoker, a drinker, and being dragged into retirement kicking and screaming. He realizes, with depressing clarity, that he doesn't want to take the train back home, for there's absolutely nothing there waiting for him. He's attracted to Mary. She most certainly doesn't feel the same way about him. The most curious character is Janet (Imelda Staunton), who appears in exactly two scenes as aclinically depressed insomniac unwilling to partake in Gerri's counseling. When the film was over, I was certain that nothing would have been lost had this character been eliminated.    A more substantial but equally subdued subplot is introduced later in the film, when Tom attends the funeral of his sister-in-law and invites his brother, Ronnie (David Bradley), to stay with him for a couple of days. Ronnie's son, Carl (Martin Savage), is an undependable hothead who I suspect was that way long before the death of his mother. Ronnie and Mary eventually have a conversation, although Mary does most of the talking. Is this her story? It might seem that way, especially since she's the subject of the final shot. Still, I have a feeling that \\"Another Year\\" isn't anyone's story in particular. Friends come and go. Families get together and separate. People live, people die - seasons change. I grant you that this isn't a particularly fulfilling message. But this is a movie about the mundane, about still frames in people's lives. You see this movie, and then you move on.
B0001I561E|5.0|There was no problems. I got it for my girlfriend and it came with plenty of time for Christmas. She loved the gift and wants to watch it with me when we get back from Christmas break.
B003EYVXTG|5.0|I just watched this fine film, and I can only feel sorry for the others who said they were bored. A film this complex can only be appreciated if one can understand its rich wealth of subtext, motivation and family pride. Jennifer Lawrence's Ree isn't just looking for her dad. She has a desperate drive to hold on to her family home; her concern for her young siblings and ill mom are a powerful motivation. The almost animal-like behavior of the local folk is merely an age-old tradition of survival. These traditions are sacred, secrets abound, and we are along with Ree in her quest of discovery; her idea of family is more profound than most (since most of the folk are in-bred, referred to often). Ms Lawrence is riveting in her performance, a wisdom way beyond her years, a determination and zeal not willing to compromise and go quietly. She must certainly be deserving of an Oscar nomination. Excellent support from John Hawkes (her uncle, Teardrop) and the feisty Dale Dickey, a tough broad with more than she's telling. Debra Granik's direction is fine, with precision that flows seamlessly. Filmed in the Missouri Ozarks, many locals were used to fill other supporting roles, and they all succeed. The little kids were naturals, nothing forced or phony in their portrayals. The final resolution is a little unsettling, but wrought with a severity that almost unhinges Ree, but she stays strong to the bitter end. Not a million laffs, but loaded with talent; the Ozark setting is a character unto itself. Lots of good DVD extras. Music created added atmosphere, and was well-executed. I think this film is worthy on many levels.
B003L77G2Y|5.0|My husband started watching this show on TV and I could never quite get into it. He missed so many episodes he wanted this for Christmas. Well after a couple of episodes I was hooked! I love this show! I think I like it more than he does.
0061537969|5.0|Just a great yarn.  Interest-grabbing, life-relevant, and involving.  You will root for Enzo, our canine protagonist and for his master who struggles to make a life in auto racing. How poignant that we can learn some life lessons from a dog's observations of our travails.  If you are any kind or racing or sports enthusiast, it'll be a plus for your read.
B0000640VO|5.0|The DVD was in like new condition.  The bonus feature DVD was a surprise extra.  This DVD needs be viewed several times, reading the subtitles and watching the movie is distracting. If you buy and foreign film, you have to expect subtitles.
B0000AK7AA|5.0|Love this movie. It's a great classic 90's movie. And Halloween is my favorite 'holiday'. It's not as scary as some Halloween movies can be. It does have some adult innuendos but what movie doesn't? Defiantly a great classic to have.
B000641Z90|5.0|This is a great concert by Phil Collins. The audio is stunning in DTS5.1 and the visuals make you feel that you are right there at the concert venue. The set list for this performance spans more than 25 of his biggest hits and a treat for any fan. I was also impressed with his French interactions with the audience in Paris. Great buy!
0312600844|5.0|Little needs to be said about the media hype surrounding Franzen and his latest novel. Lauded by critics, picked by Oprah, and controversial in the Amazon reviews. I'm glad I read the book after some of this initial craziness had died down, as it made my reading a bit less jaded than I might have been otherwise. Having heard so much bad, and good, about the book, I thought that this couldn't live up to my high expectations. Happily, I was wrong.    Franzen is one of the few writers who has actually moved me to tears. This occurred in \\"The Corrections\\" when he described an evening in a Midwestern home in such a brutal, beautiful, and familiar fashion that I couldn't help but almost weep, as it reminded me so much of the way my Midwestern family related to each other. It occurred at two points in \\"Freedom\\": where Patty describes her maternal emotions during a college visit and also a scene at the end which I don't wish to spoil. I find this kind of emotional power in few novels, and Franzen's ability to wield it is one of my reasons I love what books of his I've read.    Aside from my emotional response, I found \\"Freedom\\" to be almost completely aesthetically pleasing. The main characters, especially Patty, Richard, and (surprisingly to me) Joey, all turned out to be flesh and blood people. By the end of the book, I felt like I had entered into their experiences as much as is humanly possible. They became true companions, if not always pleasant ones, for a few days.    Franzen, as many have noted, is a savage critic of America today. However, I feel like his criticism is tempered by a deep-seated humanism. Walter is almost cartoonish in his rants against overpopulation and consumerism; Joey the conservatives fare no better. But even with Walter and Joey's excesses, Franzen provides compelling reasons for why his characters act in the way they do. We see in this in the framing device of the neighbors'-eye views at the beginning and end of the book. Outsiders look at people like Walter and see only his bombast and anger, but after 500 pages, we can no longer take such a simple view of things. For all of the black and white pronouncements of his characters, Franzen ultimately moves in shades of gray.    I did have a few reservations about the book, of course. Some parts move slower than others, Lalitha is an undeveloped character, and some places need more elaboration, while other places need less. But, after being dragged through the hell of Franzen's characters' experiments in freedom, I was completely won over by Franzen's choice to actually give the book a (comparatively) happy ending. Never have I been more surprised by happy ending, and in recent memory, at least, I have not encountered one that felt so perfect. Thus, I have added \\"Freedom\\" to my list of favorite books, and it is one I look forward to re-reading and recommending to friends.    Ultimately, though, my opinion is one out of many, and this book may not be for some people, as the other reviews make clear. I accept the validity of the negative reviews, since no book is perfect. However, I think after the hype dies down, this is one that will last.
1439107955|4.0|My sister has leukemia and I want to learn more about Cancer. This book is well written and informative. It does not read like a textbook, but it as informative as one.  It's tough to make this subject interesting, but the author succeeds.    My sister made a Norwegian wedding cake for her care givers. The cake is almond cookie dough baked in circular forms that become progressively smaller. The circles are \\"glued\\" together  with icing. She decorated the cake with pink icing, pink bows, and a Swedish, a Norwegian, and an American flag. She has had a rough year and is going through another round of chemotherapy.
B003L20IJM|5.0|excellent
0879309210|5.0|If you work on your own or other people's guitars, you should have this book.  Get the Dan Erlewine videos, as you can afford them, and you'll have a really nice guitar repair resource library.
0743435729|5.0|A GIFT
B004G6009K|5.0|\\"The Princess and the Frog\\" was Disney, but it was too scary for small kids.  \\"Tangled\\", on the other hand is great for the whole family.  I loved the fact that, for once, the Princess was smarter, more take-charge and more on top of things than the Hero.  There is a good villainess, some good second level villains, some wonderful characters and sympathetic leads.  The whole story is fun and I can't decide if I liked the horse or the chameleon as the best side-kick.  Other reviewers have already covered the story so I will not bother to go over it again.  It is a fast, fun, new retelling of the old Rapunzel story with plenty of laughs and the requisite happy ending after a couple of surprising twists.  I have already pre-ordered the movie and I can't wait.
B000002KMV|5.0|Excellent
B003UESJF6|5.0|\\"Megamind\\" is an odd film in that the villain is the hero.  Other reviewers have described the movie so all I will say is that it is the first movie in over two years that made me laugh out loud.  Lots of action, funny lines and enough twists to keep everyone entertained.  I already have my DVD pre-ordered.
B002U6CJCE|5.0|I have to say. Ive seen all 3 and this was by far the best. Its raw real feeling made you feel like you are there and the story takes off where the first one does. they failed on every aspect on the 2nd but made up for it on this one. And it could never hurt bringing back Dolph Lundgren. If you feel like me and enjoyed the 1st but hated the 2nd. dont let the 2nd scare you away.
0240816250|3.0|There are people who make beautiful furniture with antique tools.  There are people who painstakingly grind their own telescope mirrors and people who master antique musical instruments.  This is the sort of person to whom this book is targeted. The authors of this book are resolutely in favor of film.<br /><br />If you are of like mind, the book is a treasure trove of information.  Various films are discussed in depth, as are papers, developing chemicals and darkroom techniques.  There is no doubt that--after 150 years of constant perfection--film has reached its zenith.  There have been tens of millions of images captured on film, many of which have changed history.  They are quite simply breathtaking.  Digital photography is in its relative infancy.  It is a matter of contention when digital photography will pass film.  To some, it has already happened.  To others it never will.  I'll leave the arguing out of the review (although the reader may have already ascertained that I'm quite comfortably digital).<br /><br />There are some sections which will be of interest to all photographers, dealing both with the human optical system and with technical and mathematical aspects of focusing.  There are a few very small sections which deal with digital processing, but they are incomplete and just a little condescending.  If you spend much time at a computer monitor you'll get more from Martin Evening or Ctein.  But in the end, this is a book for the craftsman in analog photography.  May that craftsman (even if it's not me) continue to make glorious photographs.<br /><br />The book is chock full of great black-and-white photography, although the nudes are a little bit on the kinky side. In a future edition the author may wish to suppress his interest in bondage and S&M and focus on a more classic style.  Aside from that, those of us on the digital side (or on the fence) can certainly appreciate both the art and craft, even if the overall feel is slightly antiquarian.<br /><br />UPDATE: I have received a number of complaints about this review, most of which originate with the author.  I feel no need to revise my comments, but I will extend them.  The basis of my complaint is this: the book is for the initiate and will do nothing to attract new photographers into the art of analog photography.  I cannot see any potential photographer making the full investment of equipment needed to learn the techniques shown in this book.  Instead, it will be piecemeal.  The most typical example of this would be a photographer with a film camera who wishes to edit or print those images by digital means, or perhaps to share them on the web.  That photographer might inch his way into analog prints, but he's not going to rush right out and purchase a room full of chemicals and an enlarger.  It will be gradual.  That photographer will have to look elsewhere for tips.  I have such a friend who inherited a beautiful Leica.  That camera can still take great shots, but those shots aren't likely ever to see a full darkroom.  By adopting such a purist one-way attitude, the author should hardly be surprised that his book does not receive a heartier recommendation.a number of complaints about this review, most of which originate with the author.  I feel no need to revise my comments, but I will extend them.  The basis of my complaint is this: the book is for the initiate and will do nothing to attract new photographers into the art of analog photography.  I cannot see any potential photographer making the full investment of equipment needed to learn the techniques shown in this book.  Instead, it will be piecemeal.  The most typical example of this would be a photographer with a film camera who wishes to edit or print those images by digital means, or perhaps to share them on the web.  That photographer might inch his way into analog prints, but he's not going to rush right out and purchase a room full of chemicals and an enlarger.  It will be gradual.  That photographer will have to look elsewhere for tips.  I have such a friend who inherited a beautiful Leica.  That camera can still take great shots, but those shots aren't likely ever to see a full darkroom.  By adopting such a purist one-way attitude, the author should hardly be surprised that his book does not receive a heartier recommendation.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|I'm very happy with this collection. I got it right away, I actually got it sooner  r than I expected. I love watching it when I go to bed. There's even been a few episodes that I haven't seen. I also love watching all the extras. I am very pleased with this purchase.
1416594795|4.0|Dawkins accomplishes just what he set out to do with this book: to provide a clear, logical, and eloquent explanation of why scientists consider evolution to be a fact. He patiently deconstructs evolutionary theory piece by piece, explaining why each component is logical, sound, scientific, and supported by an enormous array of facts, with no dissenting facts. He gives a solid overview of every relevant area of science, covering how we know what we know about natural selection, genetics, mutation, the fossil record, the age of the earth, etc., and how each area of understanding reinforces the others (as in the rest of science). Along the way, he corrects common misconceptions about the theory of evolution, and demonstrates the gaping factual inaccuracies and logical flaws (which are many) in popular Creationist and \\"Intelligent Design\\" beliefs.    Given Dawkins' identity as an outspoken atheist, I doubt this book will reach too many people in the religiously-motivated evolution denial crowd, i.e. those whose viewpoint Dawkins puts in his gunsights, but for the part of the world that accepts Charles Darwin's ideas, The Greatest Show on Earth is an enjoyable tour of what we know, how we got there, and what it means. It covered a lot of concepts I was a bit fuzzy on, and gave me a new appreciation for the logic, simplicity, and elegance of evolutionary theory. When Dawkins claimed (early in the book) that the fossil record wasn't even necessary to demonstrate evolution's reality, my eyebrows rose, but he later went on to back that up with a convincing explanation as to why (short version: all the evidence we need is found in studying the diversity of modern life forms). The book goes into depth on a number of subjects, such as how evolution has been tested in a laboratory and how unrelated animals can converge on similar traits, which were interesting in their own right. As a software engineer, I also found the section on embryology particularly fascinating. I'd neverbeen very certain of how we get from genes to actual physical traits in a developing organism, or how such a process might be subject to natural selection in a way whose feasibility of producing more complex life forms would seem logically and mathematically plausible. Now, I get it.    Is this a rigorous scientific textbook on evolution? No, Dawkins doesn't get into great depth on any one area of study -- anyone looking for more than a solid overview will have to go elsewhere. Rather, this is a book aimed at the reasonably well-educated layperson, whose last exposure to evolutionary science may have been high school biology class, and who would like a grown-up refresher on its framework of understanding. His arguments, I think will be sufficiently convincing for thoughtful readers who accept evolution intuitively, but feel ill-equipped to defend it, or those who aren't actively hostile towards the idea, but have a few doubts (perhaps instilled by the ID movement). Hard-core deniers, on the other hand, will probably still sniff out the inconsistencies in fragments of Dawkins' logic or his poor choice of words on a certain page, and take the minor flaws in the author's presentation as proof that his entire body of thought is a massive lie. So it goes.    As for me, my only real complaint about the book (speaking as an agnostic) is that Dawkins has a tough time restraining his contempt towards religion, and some of his counterattacks against Creationism stray a little too far into theological territory. For example, he assumes that an intelligent designer, if one existed, would make animals without useless vestigial parts, which is a sophomoric assertion. After all, many religious people believe in a God whose motivations for doing/allowing things are unknowable to us (as might be expected in an all-transcendent being). In fact, many such individuals probably aren't that close-minded towards evolution, though they might be struggling to reconcile scientific knowledgewith their own beliefs. Thus, such smugness doesn't help win the hearts and minds of the uncertain.    Still, this is a very informative, well-argued, and substantial work, and I'd put it near the top of the list of good books on evolution for the curious and thoughtful layperson.
B000OY8NII|5.0|I tuned into Eureka during the third season and although I've been able to understand everything clearly, it was nice to see how it all began.  The deleted scenes are a bonus.
0307266303|4.0|Even if you're not a runner, I defy you not to be hooked by the opening two chapters. The story of a lost tribe of super-runners, living in a remote corner of Mexico, sounds like almost too much of a tall tale to be true. Can they really run for 30 hours straight, at a blazing pace, over grueling terrain, wearing no more than sandals on their feet? And they actually *enjoy* doing this? Why has the rest of the world not heard of these Tarahumara?    Rather than jump straight to his research and its conclusions, McDougall starts at the moment he heard of the reclusive indigenous group and brings the reader along on his journey of discovery, with its detective work, oddball characters, and side adventures. Along the way, we learn about the Tarahumara's unique culture and history, the equally strange world of ultra-marathoners, and the evolution of running both as a sport and as, well, evolution. These discoveries lead McDougall to a lot of intriguing questions that will no doubt put this work on runners' bookshelves for years to come. Are modern, cushioned running shoes actually bad for you? Is leg shock good for you? Are humans actually programmed by their genes to be endurance runners? Is the conventional wisdom of coaches, doctors, and nutritionists about running wrong?    With his glib, dude-next-door writing style, McDougall never entirely gets to the bottom of many of the questions he raises (and maybe displays a little too much of a feel-good attitude about the Tarahumara's poverty-stricken lives), but the intertwining stories of the runners he meets are so interesting that I doubt too many readers will mind. By the last section of the book, which features a race between Tarahumara runners and several of America's best ultra-marathoners, on the former's home turf, far from any ESPN camera crews, I'd forgotten all about foot mechanics and hunter-gatherer tactics, and just wanted to know what would happen next. It's all about the age-old, culture-transcending spirit of athleticism, and I think that anyone who's ever put on a pair of running shoes and jogged five miles will be inspired. Perhaps even inspired to try a run without those shoes.    PS. After reading this last year, I was inspired to buy a pair of Vibrams, those wacky-looking \\"toe shoes\\". Once I broke my feet in, running has been a whole new experience.
B003X8597A|4.0|I too am a Wagnerphile extreme and have been waiting 20 years for a video-DVD-Blu-Ray of Rienzi. I don't mind updated staging if they magnify the themes and plot of the opera under the lens of more recent historical events. The lens of fascist/totalitarian war-time Europe in the 20th century is quite enlightening for the debut DVD/Blu-Ray of Rienzi. Does anyone really want to see an opera set in 14th century Italy, especially an opera that , likely none of us have ever seen?    My biggest diappointment in this set is the tragic cut of my favorite choral scene 'Der Tag ist da, der Stunde naht...Auf Roemer auf'  This version retains a few quotations of this Act III scene 3 choral music, but the rousing 7 mins of music (Disc 3 track 1 of Staatskapelle Dresden/Heinrich Hollreiser [[ASIN:B00001SVM4 Wagner: Rienzi]]is tragically cut.    Rienzi will unlikely ever make it into the German repetoire but I recommend Stölzl's production to any serious German operaphile.
0345404475|5.0|This was my first Phillip K. Dick book and I really enjoyed it. I couldn't put it down and was disappointed that I got done reading it so quickly.
B002GJT4YQ|5.0|Worth the extra money for the extended version of the movie. The extras on the disc are just so-so, and the extras included with the packaging are a bit much for my taste (makes for a large box to put on the shelf) but the extra scenes from the movie make this one of the best DVD sets for the Harry Potter series. Don't be fooled--not all Ultimate Editions include the extra footage, but this one delivers.
0307346617|5.0|This book is great. Simply great. If you are interested in some good zombie fiction or just a bunch of good stories you should totally check this out.
B001C4CI8U|5.0|I love this series, the actors and actresses, the characters, the suspense, the plot, the twists and turns.  It has been hard to find series as intriguing as the X-Files, but I think this one comes pretty close.
B004FDPOHC|5.0|Daft Punk did an amazing job on this soundtrack. I can not recommended it enough. If you are a fan of Daft Punk or just a fan of good music you should buy this album.
B001GCUO5W|5.0|This movie is one of my absolute favorites. It is not often that I buy movies unless they are a movie I really enjoy, so this was one of them! The movie basically takes place at a mental institution where the main character (Leonardo DiCaprio) and his partner are told to investigate an escaped patient. She was said to have \\"vanished through the walls\\" so they are basically trying to figure out what could have possibly happened to her. She could not have gone very far, seeing as the mental institution is located on an island that is miles and miles away from any nearby land. As the story continues our main character begins to realize things are a little strange. Things are not as he originally thought they were.     That is as far as I will go with that. I do not want to give out any more information, otherwise it'll ruin the movie for those reading my review. I will say this though. Throughout this movie you will continually question everything that is going on. Even by the end of the movie, when you figure out the conclusion to it all, you will still look back and wonder what certain things meant or why it happened the way it did or why certain characters behaved the way they did.     All in all, if you are a person who loves to view a film multiple times in order to figure out what everything meant, then this movie is for you. I myself enjoy watching a film repeatedly if it means I'll learn something new with each viewing, so I enjoyed this movie. It is one of my favorites!
B000BTC5LW|5.0|Rien que pour la chanson \\"wish you were here\\" le dvd vaut l'achat. Mais vous ne serez pas déçu non plus par le reste des chansons et la qualité des musiciens. Rien n'est à jeter, avec \\"money\\" par exemple en 5.1, ou le final avec \\"run like hell\\". Excellent concert!
6305428042|5.0|My 3 year old Great Grandson could  sit for hours watching this  film  but did not have one of his own until x-mas day.  His  family had attemptd to find it and could not.. I found it on  Amazon.Com.  They said he  grabbed  it  and went running through the house yelling my  Hocus Pocus..    You helped make a little boy very happy.    Thank you
B0030Y10ZM|5.0|There is no way you can get this much history and soul in one place. Hurry before this is gone or put out-of-print. Get this now !!!!!!! All of this genius on one CD and all of his collective output together makes a true steal. Steal it now !
B001CO42MU|5.0|Nice movie. Cool bluray. Sad ending though but original. But this is not a movie that you can watch over and over.
B00018D3RI|5.0|I BROUGHT THE 1ST SEASON OF STARSKY,HUTCH DVD AND ENJOY WATCHING THE SHOW.I AM SO HAPPY IT,S ON DVD.THANKS,MAGDALENA HOLLY
B00319ECGU|5.0|I am quite surprised that a movie as old as dirty harry can look this good in bluray. I do feel lucky buying this.
B001P06GX4|5.0|Came to me within 3 days! I was very happy with how it was packaged and when it came to my door. It was brand new and great! I was very impressed and the game was a great game to play. I gave it to my best friend and she was very grateful! Great product for kids and even teenagers(: simple and catchy!
B003VR5PPY|4.0|I bought this game on hype from a forum of well informed gamers and I must say that I am not deceived. If you like those type of PC adventure games (called \\"point and click\\") with great puzzle and in the case here with a fantastic story, this game is SO for you. Anyhow, the story is so good here that it warrants the purchase of the game alone. Puzzles are also excellent and not the type of wierd stuff you get stuck and need a guide to go through. This game simply is the best of its kind on the NDS, you should not miss this.
B002CAWNEM|4.0|Obsessed is a really good suspense about a man who's just starting a family and, while at work, stumbles across a secretary who has a huge obsession with him.      It starts off as a mild game of flurting inside an elevator, but soon escalates into the woman transforming into a psychotic lunatic constantly spying and seducing the man.  Eventually it leads to the woman making unexpected visits to the guys home.    The storyline is a bit predictable which is why I'm taking away one point, but as far as utter suspense and keeping me glued to the television screen goes, YES!  I was totally absorbed into the storyline despite several moments of predictable writing.    Of course throughout the film a question constantly came to mind- \\"Why not tell your WIFE about this crazy woman?\\" because you just know the wife would understandably get bent out of shape over the whole ordeal.  That turned out to be a big mistake.    I really liked the woman who played the part of the psychopath.  Her performance was totally believable.    Overall, a fantastic suspense.  I highly recommend watching it.
0545265355|5.0|This trilogy gift was a big hit with my 13-year-old son.  He has just started and will be busy for a few weeks!
B001UV4XFG|4.0|i really enjoyed the movie! i bought the dvd because i was looking forward to hearing kristen & rob's review, because i really enjoyed their commentary in the first twilight movie. however, they seemed to just babble about nothing important. kristen especially wouldn't shut up, and would talk about the same topic through eight different scenes. it's really to bad because i would have liked to hear what she had to say about some scenes she ignored. that's why i only gave 4 stars.
B003VPWXRO|5.0|sad, emotional, frighting, happy, and hopeful.  I loved her honesty.  She is a talented writer.  Thanks for sharing.
030746363X|5.0|When I first heard about this book, I was very eager to see what someone with much drive can figure out about the body beyond what the other \\"experts\\" say. In the past I hadn't been able to find a good single source for losing weight, something I've needed and wanted to do for a while; building muscle quickly to go along with the newly slim body, and overall health enhancements that I related with, till this book. This is written a lot like a diary you'd find in a lost shipwreck that contained the map to a treasure no one had found yet. I personally have already lost 4lbs by following what he talks about in 4 days WITHOUT exercise. I am just getting started. I hope Mr. Ferriss keeps up the great work.
B0043A0PXU|5.0|Once again, Annie is music to one's ears. Her Soulful voice and beautiful instrumentals accompanied by the wonderful and so talented African Childrens Choir make this a worthwhile addition to your Annie collection.
B000X1Z0BU|3.0|The actors and actresses were adorable, the music was amazing, but I thought the storyline was mediocre. There wasn't too much point to it.
B0026OE2NY|5.0|Exquisite photography,narrated perfectly making ease of understanding ,This program is a must to see for all the family, and make you wonder what  if? We can all learn to save our planet with this show, it's real it's factual and it's Now
B003O7I6L6|5.0|This item was a gift for my adult son.  He loves this movie.  This item arrived much more quickly than anticipated and was in excellent condition.  I give this seller an A+++++++ rating and highly recommend.  Thank you.
B004ADH1RI|4.0|Goonies is one of my all time favorites, because it's funny, and a great family film.  I love all of the kids who act in the movie.  it is a good movie to see againand again!  D. Dacey
B00004RJ71|5.0|another great story and great prison movie. not too many people have seen it but u should. its sure is something.!!
1601252463|5.0|The book is great... It is always good to have a hard copy of the APG.      Offers new classes, feats, magic items... All are excellent additions to the game.
B000NTPDSW|5.0|Its timeless. Its awesome. U cant beat blu ray. U need to buy it to believe how cool it sounds and looks!!
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|Okay I Loved this book and I am so surprised that some people didnt like it as much. Honestly i wasnt that into the first two books but now after reading this one I Cant wait to go back and read all three all over again. In My opinion it had the perfect and most real ending. I loved it!
B001EO2UJK|5.0|I got this album for Christmas. However, i am a new genesis fan, and i wasn't rating for sound quality. three words. AWESOME BUY IT. but, if you don't want the entire set buy selling england by the pound and/or the lamb lies down on broadway (SPOILER ALERT!! THE LAMB ISN'T ON ITUNES!!)    -the path is clear,     deadhead888
B001NFNFF8|5.0|Detective Dave Robicheaux sees the ghosts of Confederate soldiers in the Louisiana mist and thinks he's going crazy.  Along the way, he investigates a series of murders, and brings closure to a murder he witnessed as a youth.  A well written script; a really good story.
0525423273|5.0|This book was such a pleasure to read.  It was sweet, funny, and at times took me back to my youth (I am 36).  I enjoyed following Anna while she struggled to find her place at her new school and with her new friends.  Most of all, I enjoyed following Anna as she tries to navigate her feelings for St. Clair and his feelings for her.  She jumps to many assumptions about others actions and feelings that we all would have made as teenagers.  I felt the butterflies she felt while she and St. Clair were flirting and I could picture myslef in her shoes.  What a delight!  Thanks for taking me back to my youth!
B00003CXPD|4.0|It is a good movie for a family with kids of age 6 - 13. Ethical, belief values of Billy's family are valid to discuss and learn form their mishaps. Billy Elliot movie is nIce for the holidays when families spend quality time together.  Broadway show on this story is different, more dance and art spectacle. I think kids would like to see it as well.
0439023513|5.0|The Hunger Games series made me start to love reading.  I can see the story happening in my mind and I can \\"feel\\" some of the emotions.  Suzanne Collins is my favorite author right now...but I am only 13 years old, so I might change my mind someday.  Oivia B.  \\"Mountain Mama Granddaughter\\"
0811876373|5.0|This book is full of pretty pictures of super cute cake pops. The directions were easy to follow, and it was full of helpful tips.  I've only made them once, they didn't look as pretty as Bakerella's but I suppose with some practice they'll be just as cute. At least mine tasted good.
159448385X|5.0|I thought this one was actually better than his first book.  I also finished this real quick since it was a page turner.  It is less graphic, but just as disturbing.  My heart goes out to all the women in an oppressed society such as Afghanistan who, like Mariam in the book, have never experienced love, gentle, kindness, and encouragements from a father or husband.  Highly highly recommended.
0553805371|1.0|The author carefully picks and selectively presents theories leading up to his monumental conclusion that the origin of the universe is and continues to be absolute randomness.  Wow, what a brilliant observation.  I got the distinct impression that this book was written for one thing, easy money!  I suspect that a thousand years from now these theories will  be laughed at with the same gusto as the 'earth sits on the back of a huge turtle' crowd.
0884271137|2.0|too complicated what's the point? get to the root cause and come up with a clear solution and procedures for the reader to have examples. I think!
0307454541|1.0|I heard so many good things about this book that I was really looking forward to reading it. I should have known to abort my quest when it took me months to get through the first 50 pages. I spent three days reading a book that 1. Was full of shallow characters who weren't well developed, 2. The title refers to a secondary character and not the main subject of the book, 3. There are about 50 pages alone devoted to drinking coffee and eating sandwiches, 4. There are some very graphic and disturbing rape and sodomy scenes that seemed gratuitous and seemed to not advance the story in the least, 5. The ending was very flat and unsatisfying. I will undoubtedly have nightmares over some of these disgusting scenes for some time and very much regret the time invested in this ridiculously long and torturous book.
0385341008|3.0|I had resisted this book for some time, since it seemed like just one more of a genre only barely a step above romance novels. However, when someone whose reading tastes I respect highly recommended it, I checked it out of the library.<br /><br />As has been stated so often in other reviews, there is great strength in the writing--descriptions are vivid, humor and wit shine through in so many passages, and the characters are drawn clearly and distinctly. Even the plot line of the book moves well in the early stages. We can see and feel the very real effects of the war on people in both Britain and the Channel Islands, and the historical touches add authenticity and interest to the writing.<br /><br />Then, however, things change. Is it because the original author became so ill that she and her niece felt a need to rush to finish before really thinking through a better finale? Or is it the voice of the completing author that changes things? Whichever is the case, the book comes to an end almost like a Disney telling of Cinderella or Sleeping Beauty. True love will out, the rich swain is rejected, and the kind and humble pig farmer wins the hand of the heroine. Cue the chorus and bring down the curtain.<br /><br />For a book that is overall written well and with great style, this ending is crushingly disappointing and moves this from a 5 star to 3 star book at best.
0307272702|5.0|I pre-ordered Gary Taubes' new book \\"Why We Get Fat and What To Do About It.\\" His previous book \\"Good Calories, Bad Calories\\" is a scholarly treatise which I have read three times. The pertinent passages in the latter book I have underlined and/or highlighted so much that it is just easier to re-read the whole book than to select specific parts for emphasis and study. It is a masterpiece of medical detective work which nobody concerned with health and its relationship to obesity should miss reading. My first encounter with Mr. Taubes' writings was an article he had written for The New York Times Magazine which was re-printed in the 2003 edition of \\"The Best American Science and Nature Writing\\" and was entitled \\"What If It's All Been A Big Fat Lie.\\"    I was blown away by his article which put the lie to what our government and certain leading medical scientists have convinced the public about the dangers of fat in our diet over the past 40 years. I, like thousands of other trusting Americans, bought into their erroneous pronouncements and acted upon them; following a low-fat diet for years which never really worked. I was deceived and angry that I had trusted what appeared to be sound medical advice, and had nothing to show for it. Our tax dollars paid millions testing the wrong hypothesis and ignoring the evidence when it ran contrary to the \\"new medical paradigm.\\"    Mr. Taubes' new book arrived two days ago. I thought it would perhaps be a re-hash of his highly technical work \\"Good Calories, Bad Calories,\\" but in my preliminary reading I found it to contain a more persuasive indictment of the adverse effect of simple carbohydrates in our diet, hammered home again and again. He does a good job of dismissing what we have all been persuaded to believe: that control of our body weight is merely a matter of calories ingested versus calories expended. The bottom line is that we get obese because we ingest too much carbohydrate, which spikes our blood sugar, which drives insulin, which drives fat deposits. It is not a behavior problem, it is not a lack of exercise, it is not excess caloric intake, it has nothing to do with the Law of Thermodynamics; it is simply the metabolic results of how our hormonal system handles carbohydrates in our bodies.     A component of the big picture is that our bodies evolved over 2.5 million years to cope with proteins and fats in our food chain, but not carbohydrates, which only became part of our diet with the invention of agriculture about 12,000 years ago. Mr. Taubes spends a lot to time showing us how the misconceptions came about, and explaining how difficult it is to overcome the entrenched belief that fat is bad for you, exercise will make you lose weight, the matter of calories in vs. calories out will enable you to control your weight, despite overwhelming scientific evidence to the contrary. Both of Mr. Taubes' books should be mandatory reading for medical students as well as existing practitioners, and everyone concerned about the health of our nation.    The \\"What to do about it\\" part consists solely of referrals to books of others touting Low-Carbohydrate diets, but that's okay: All we need to know is to curb our carbohydrate intake, and for that, many books on the market will suffice. Mr. Taube's book will convince you to do that.      Don Blankman
B000EB73NC|5.0|Works as well as the mount that came with our Polar bike computers. We bought an extra one for the spin bike, works great!
B004ALIKKC|5.0|I got this for my husband for Christmas and can't stop playing it. it is so worth the money. Go Bon Jovi !!!!!!!!
0061537969|5.0|This book was so good.  Both people that received it as a gift called me crying after they just finished it.  I am sure that they will recomend it to many people
B003O85W3A|4.0|I loved the first 2 albums, but this one's disappointing. The whole topic of growing up and suburban sprawl seems a little trite in 2010. A few of the songs are on equal footing as the first 2 CD's, but for the first time I have to skip around when listening to an Arcade Fire CD. Not a bad effort, but I hope there next CD's great.
B0040UAYI4|5.0|My Pc mother board crash, I used my PS3 only for blue ray movies. I need to play Black oops, PS3 was hard and skills limited using the joystick. I found Eagle eye from Penguiin and now all my skill on PC are move on PS3 console.  Really happy.
B004498KPU|4.0|Having never owned any previous MJ video releases, this was a set worth owning. I spent all day playing the first 2 DVD's of all the mini movies. I forgot how many he had, and was surprised by a few that I had never seen before.     I am not going to list all the videos, Amazon and several reviews have done that a lot better than what I could do here. I read people complaining about quality, and the definition of what \\"remastering\\" is. I am never surprised at what people complain about. I feel that being able to have all these videos in one place on 2 dvd's is awesome. The quality is excellent on my TV, and the upscaling my Blu-Ray player does, makes the images pop.    I had this one while my kids were watching (5 & 2) and I was trying to explain to the 5 yr old how important he is to music. He watched many of the videos without saying much, he did get scared of \\"Thriller\\" But just being able to play his entire visual body of work to my kids makes me happy. As for the people that are missing Captain EO, we took our boys to Disneyland and they got to see it then. I'm not completely upset that it was left off, it does not take away from an excellent collection, one drawback is I do wish it was on Blu, oh well.
B001VNB54A|4.0|The historical content and extra features are rich as are the battle scenes.  The attention to detail and character development is stealer.  The biggest issue I have is the unneeded sex scenes, I'm by no means a prude, but they seemed out of place and detracted from the war.  One whole episode was devoted to sex, AWAL and leave.  It is still better than most movies about the Pacific campaign and perhaps next to Flags and Letters, the best historical Hollywood piece to come out in the last 80 60 years.
B003L20IHO|4.0|I read so many negative things about this film and especially Efron's performance, that I was greatly shocked and pleased with the film. I liked the weaving of this life and the afterlife and the open possibilities of what might lie ahead. I found it to be food for thought and liked it quite a lot.
0807014273|5.0|This book was honest and moving. I had to do a report for my Psychology class on this book. It was listed out of twelve others that we could choose from, and I'm glad I picked this one. This author is admirable and it's a tale I won't ever forget. The shipping was also fast with this one. Good seller.
B003TXSF5C|4.0|Instead of going into a lot of detail on every aspect of the book I have opted for a quick review.  Essentially, this is a heavy book in that alot of advanced physics concepts are discussed.  Hawking does a pretty good job of adapting the theories for us regular people but there are still some areas that I felt were a little hard to follow.  Overall he does a good job of explaining the multiverse theory as well as alternate histories and basic quantum theory.  He also tries to definitively answer the question of intelligent design or mathematical certainty.  I'm not sure he made a real good argument for either side but overall this book is a good read.
1595825045|5.0|This was a gift for my 15-year-old son.  He was hesitant to have me get it for him, but once in his hands, this book became a big favorite.  He's constantly talking about aspects of it that he likes.  The artwork, detail, and information are all excellent.
B000007WQB|3.0|When you get an \\"import\\" you're never, ever quite sure of the support the disk has been given by the record companies holding the original master tapes. With Rhino compilations you can basically be assured that the best source material available has been used, with foreign imports you never ever know. The use of dubious source material is what holds this album back. I have 4 different CD versions of most of these songs available to me and I can truly tell the difference with this disk. I won't go so far to say that Dionne's vocal tracks were ripped and placed on inferior backing tracks, but I do think that some of the tracks on here are copies of copies and, as a result, sound washed out and flat.  Still there are some gems on here that make the disk worth buying. I primarily bought this disk because it saves me the trouble of making a single disk of the Bacharach & David compositions. Buy it with that in mind and you'll be well served.<br /><br />Da Worfster
B0015DROBO|5.0|I read this book a year ago. I became a forever fan. Too bad Steig Larson died before publishing his 4th book. I am amazed this was his first book. The characters are so descriptive that you feel their pain and their wants. At first an elderly man hires a man to find information about his missing neice. This man was in ruins after writing a story about another. The girl with the dragon tattoo is an antisocial outcast. This is a mystery, a story of supense, and a love story.
030746363X|5.0|This book packs a lot of information within it's pages, and if you just have a seat and read it, it can be very overwhelming!<br /><br />I think what a lot of people who've left negative reviews here fail to realize is that Tim DOES give conflicting advice throughout the book because each section of the book is devoted to different goals. If you are working towards fat-loss, you will be doing something different (which some reviewers see as \\"conflicting\\") than if you are working towards muscle building.<br /><br />To have success with the book? Identify one single goal to work towards and apply Tim's program. I've started following his slow-carb diet (& started a forum for folks doing the same to support each other at slowcarbrevolution.com). I'm on week one, I'm really tired of beans, which I don't care for, but I am never hungry and losing weight. So the diet is working for me as Tim describes.<br /><br />When it's time to add muscle or build strength, I'll review those chapters and follow that advice - new goal, new techniques. Simple enough!
B002JVWRAO|5.0|I love this show!!<br /><br />This season finishes up the arc laid out by creator Eric Kripke and marks his last season as the showrunner. Lucifer (played by the talented Mark Pelegrino) has been set free on the earth and armageddon has begun. Against all odds the two brothers, Sam (Jared Padaleki) and Dean (Jensen Ackles), set out with a small band of renegades to stop the apocalypse. As they try to mend their broken relationship, Sam and Dean try to discover their roles to play in the end of days. Comedy ensues with the fallen angel, Castiel (played by the marvelous Misha Collins), and the Trickster (who isn't who he appears to be). Other notable character/actors are the devious, two-faced, gay demon Crowley (fabulously acted by Mark Sheppard) and the outstanding actors cast in the roles of the four horsemen.<br /><br />Though rewriting the christian religion (to an extent) may offend some, I feel that they've tried to do it in a somewhat realistic way. Portray angels for the way they were written in the Old Testament, as warriors of God. As well as the symmetry between the relationship between Sam and Dean, and Lucifer and his angel brethren.<br /><br />This show is well done. It at the forefront strives to entertain, as TV should, but underneath portrays the struggles of two very real people and the trials and tribulation of their familial connection. Struggles with identity, faith, right, and wrong. It's funny and dramatic, sexy and pop culture packed. The music is great and the car is enigmatic.<br /><br />The show has grown and matured into something amazing, and at the end, you're at peace.
B003Y3ZTGA|5.0|this was a great download and went right into my itunes.  even the cd cover went into my itunes account
B001AQO3WY|5.0|My honey has severed 10 years in the USMC and now is a Federal Agent. I sent this to him as a Christmas gift. He and all of his comrads have really enjoyed watching these episodes. I highly recommend it!
0143058525|4.0|This audio was much easier to listen to than to read the book.  My sister's boyfriend has purchased the book for her.  I then tried to read it but the going was slow.  It much quicker and more enjoyable to listen to the author recounting her own experiences.  I drive quite a bit during the day so the audio really suited me much better.  I would recommend it to anyone who drives a lot even truck drivers.
B002ZG99NG|5.0|To be honest, I wasn't expecting much from this movie.  I thought the trailers looked great (the scene with the nuns wearing rubber masks was a favorite)  but I've been burnt before on movies with great trailers that ultimately bit.  This was definitely not one of those.    If you like violent, realistic movies that are well written with a strong plot, great acting and casting, you'll love this one.    I've watched it 3 times in 2 days, in part because the first DVD had manufacturing defects, and it gets better and better with each viewing.    I've got over 500 DVDs in my collection and I rate this one among my favorites.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|My brother purchased a set of these a year ago, and when I was visiting him we watched them.  What a great production, very very impressed with the complete set!!!  This is something every family needs to purchase and watch together.  The children will be amazed and inspired by the beauty.
B00377V6J2|5.0|These two guitar players together is incredible.  Although short, this DVD/CD is amazing.  There are some tracks on the CD that aren't on the DVD, and some on the DVD that aren't on the CD.  I recommend watching this DVD on a CRT or CRT Projection TV, as the picture quality on an HDTV will be nearly unbearable.        But it's about the music, and the music is great.
B0042H6VYG|5.0|I bought this just to be able to have the dvd really.  Love all the music of course, but I've already got all of it on other discs (except the one new song).  Love the concert on the dvd - just a whole lot of fun.  I would however say that this really only appeals to die hard fans as there isn't much new material. (Only 1 song).
0142414999|5.0|This is a great read for the holiday season. Loved every second that I spent reading it. The characters were all well played out, leaving nothing behind. I just find it funny how all the (spoiler) relationships ended and began on or around the Christmas season. I have to say that Tobin and Duke are probably my favorite couple out of the entire book.
B000IEPFCG|5.0|Ive had this watch two full years now. It keeps great time. Plus or minus about a second a day. It still looks great and makes me feel like a million bucks wearing it. I wear it every day. Not the most expensive. Not for extreme conditions. Though I did go mountain climbing with it once. Simple, light weight, elegant, and a great time keeper. Cheers!<br /><br />Update:  10-20-2015<br />Still love this watch.  Wear it three seasons.  I've got the Seiko Model#: SKX173 200m Divers for swimming weather.  The watch is still accurate to within a second or so a day.  Usually gains time.  No big.  Brought me endless joy and faithful service.  Great little beater.  Get one!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Enjoyed the movie Serendity (Box office) and wanted to watch the TV series on which it was based.  I enjoy the episodes of the TV series.
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|Definitely the best Jane Eyre video so far. I thought the choice of actors and the script were exceptional. The story was edited as to not be so lengthy or detailed as some video versions. I especially liked the handling of the romance between Jane and Rochester. The characters are portrayed as probably more contemporary than some would like, but I found it much more effective. Masterpiece Theater has given Jane Eyre fans a real treasure.
B001IBIHQ4|3.0|After watching Band of Brothers with my husband several times, I decided to get The Pacific for him for Christmas.  This is not Band of Brothers.  Very little time spent developing characters so we get to know them and can recognize them under all the mud and blood later on.  Too much gore!  Maybe the PTO was just bloodier than the ETO but - way too much reality.  Maybe it's a guy thing.  It took a few episodes before we figured out how to get to the historical perspectives and interviews with actual survivors.  That does make it better to hear about the action in the words of those who were there.
B0036OS3K6|4.0|I received these just as we got 8 inches of new ice and snow.  The soles are not slick and they are very warm.  Not sure how much the string that tightens help, but with pants in boots, my legs did not get wet.
0307269752|3.0|I believe the hype and promo of this book led to its astounding success, not any riveting storytelling. It's a chore to get through it, really. Which I didn't. After actually losing interest at maybe page 120, I decided to give up; then, I opted to skip ahead, to salvage something from the book. I couldn't do that either. Life's too short.<br /><br />It's probably just me, but if you're planning to read it, give it a go, just keep your expectations down.
B003NHRGSQ|4.0|I was really disappointed with this book when I first started reading it. I didn't like the fact that it switched point of view between four different people until twards the end of the book. In Shiver I liked that it switched point of view from Grace to Sam because I thought that it made it easier to understand somethings. But in Linger it switched point of view not only from Grace to Sam, but from Grace to Sam to Isabel to Cole. I did not like this at first because it was stealing \\"precious time\\" from Grace and Sam. But as the story went on and Isabel and Cole developed, I was actually wishing for more Cole! I also felt that the story dragged on in spots. The author seemed to \\"Linger\\" on things for too long. I did not like the ending to Linger. I feel that it ended the same way as Shiver started except reversed. I will patiently wait for Forever (the third and final book), but I don't think I will be as excited to read it as I was to read Linger. By judging on the title, Forever, I am guessing Sam and Grace will find away to live happily ever after. Overall this was a good read. An OK sequel.
B001EN71CW|4.0|Good deal, was able to get this series for 25$ on sale.   I had read that it comes with the serenity movie in addition to the episodes of the season, it doesn't appear to be the case.   Again, I could be missing something and haven't looked much into it.    either way, awesome series and you should check it out
0060936223|5.0|love this story - and loved remembering life pre Paris Hilton and Lindsey Lohan  - when young creative people could move to NYC and change the world -- sadly not possible now
0316098337|1.0|I tried twice to read this book as it was a Starred review by Publisher's Weekly and had a lot of hype. However, I honestly tried, it was an unsucccesful venture. I don't believe that the average five-year-old would use the language that Jack used and when I got to the part where he mentioned the word, \\"penis\\" I thought, no way! I understand how the overall storyline was unique to a degree and I give the author that, but otherwise, I can only, in clear conscience, give it one star. And I didn't waste my time to give it a third try. My time is more valuable than that.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|This series was well worth the wait, with all the original episode and new intro pieces in the same cynical comic style. Something my Teen and I can enjoy together.
B00127RAJY|4.0|I am an avid exerciser and marathoner.  I mostly run but am looking into cross training which is why I bought this DVD.  I ran a marathon three weeks ago and in very good endurance shape but still found the level 1 workout very hard.  This is going to be a good DVD, I can tell already.    I give it 4 stars because I think that if the segments were 30 minutes with adequate cooling down time, it would be a better workout.
B0046JLTCE|5.0|I wont bother to write much.  But this band is the best band I have heard in years.  My favorite band by far.  Both of their albums (especially this new box set) are amazing.  The energy, emotion, power, everything.  Perfect.  I hope they don't change their style and soften up like most bands do.
B00007KWHG|5.0|I saw Jersey Boys in NYC in October, and fell in love with the music. This is one of the best CDs I own.
0811876373|5.0|We all had fun using the recipes/ideas/suggestions in this book. When you want to bake something a little different or special, use this book!
B001UV4XFQ|5.0|The third installment of the movie, was a great translation from the book. as good as the original, almost. But i would say its a better movie than New moon.  If you like the Book you'll like this,  and vice versa.
B0013AUZHO|5.0|when I was in 8th grade (a million years ago) I discovered this album. It was still contemporary, I think right about the time Ian Hunter left the band. I loved this record, still do. The first four songs are as good as anything Glam ever gave us, but I think Mott the Hoople rose above glam rock. They were, in their own right, an awesome rock band, absolutely worth being members of the rock and roll hall of fame.   I think if anyone came from the school of classic rock listening, i.e. the Stones, Beatles, the Who, Led Zeppelin then you'd have no trouble savoring this offering by one of the most underrated bands in history, dare I say.
0810994739|5.0|I bought this for my nephew.  He was super excited to get another book from this series.  He said it was one of his favorite christmas gifts.  It helps that he loves to read.  I received this shipment very quickly it was great.
B003YWUTJI|4.0|This was a gift to my husband. He is a great fan of Nora Jones and having her sing with some of the best artists in music was a joy.
B000AM2L1O|5.0|The doll was just as described. She is so soft and when my grandchild opened it up for Christmas, I knew I had pick the right baby for her.  She goes with her now everywhere and easy to keep clean.  I love the outfits that you can purchase that fit her separately.
0890090572|4.0|Obviously, I bought this book to read firsthand the tales of Sherlock Holmes. It does have the serialized short stories of Sherlock Holmes that were printed in \\"The Strand\\". In fact, the smears and smudges that were in the original magazine are also reproduced. This fact annoyed me at first, but added authenticity to the book. Also all illustrations that are necessary to solving various cases are also included in this book.<br /><br />But, it is not the 'complete' canon of Sherlock Holmes, though. It has what was printed in \\"The Strand\\", which is: The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Return of Sherlock Holmes, & \\"The Hound of the Baskervilles\\" as they were originally presented. But, it is missing: His Last Bow, The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes, \\"A Study in Scarlet\\", \\"The Sign of the Four\\", & \\"The Valley of Fear\\". These texts are missing (for a good reason), because there were not printed in \\"The Strand\\".<br /><br />Just fair warning, there are still more Sherlock Holmes mysteries out there...
B0041VV03A|1.0|it starts off mildly interesting and then gets worse as the movie goes on. the scene where brody dances with the splice and everything that happens after that point should go down in history as some of the worst film making in history.
B0033DOIHC|4.0|Lisbeth Salander is a computer hacker and in this first novel of the trilogy, she aids a reporter who has been convicted in a slander suit.<br /><br />This book is an enjoyable read, but it is worth flipping through the pages of political commentary to get to the nuts and bolts of the story.<br /><br />So is this book a booker prize winner??  I don't know but generally I love the booker prize winners...and I liked this book but did not love it.
B002RD4UZ4|5.0|Melody is such a refreshing talent in a sea of medicority on the radio. The album is recorded and engineered really well to ensure that she sounds her beast and she certainly does. Play this on a great system with the lights low and a drink in hand and you'll feel like she's at the piano in the corner of the room.
0143118420|2.0|Okay this book is just a four country whine fest.  Elizabeth Gilbert whines about not wanting to have children in America, eating too much food in Italy, not being able to meditate in India and the heat in Bali...give me a break.<br /><br />There were moments when this book was not a tedious bookclub task book to read...some of the characters seemed a bit exaggerated but that did make parts of this book palatable.
0811876373|5.0|I love this book.  Cake pops are great fun to make and turn out really great--even for the novice such as me.  Plus my family really likes to eat them as well.
B000N6TYLW|5.0|THe family loves Gilmore Girls and has been watching the whole series again.  It is one of the best shows ever on television - fast, witty, and love the quirky characters.  Highly recommend it.
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|Never being a big fan of Disney films, with the rare exceptions of only a handful of movies, the film \\"Up\\" had always gone underneath my radar.  That is until recently while browsing through channels on my television when I encountered the film rolling its opening credits.  I decided to watch the film, and I must admit, I was completely surprised by what the film had to offer to its viewing audience.<br /><br />The general story of the movie is actually a rather depressing one.  Revolving around an old man by the name of Carl Fredricksen, it begins by depicting the man's childhood.  As a child, Carl was obsessed with exploration, planes, discoveries, and an explorer by the name of Charles Muntz.  He meets a little girl by the name of Ellie, who is basically a female version of Carl.  Like Carl, she has an obsession with exploration and the greatly renowned explorer Charles Muntz.  The two of them make a vow to one day venture to Paradise Falls in South America, the location where their hero Muntz discovered the skeleton of a new species of exotic bird.<br /><br />Years go by, and eventually Carl and Ellie get married.  As time progresses, complications in their lives (such as a miscarriage of their only child) prevent them from ever going to Paradise Falls despite the promise that they made to one another.  Until the one day when Carl decides to purchase flight tickets to South America in order to fulfill his promise to his aging wife.  The two never make it though, seeing how Ellie dies that very same day, leaving Carl alone.<br /><br />One day, Carl meets a Wilderness Explorer by the name of Russell, who wishes to receive his \\"Assisting the Elderly Badge\\", and asks Carl if there's anything he can do to help him.  After convincing Russell to leave, Carl gets evicted from his home after assaulting a construction worker.  In order to avoid giving up his home, Carl turns his house into a giant hot air balloon, by utilizing thousands of balloons that are tied to the roof.  He begins his journey to Paradise Falls, in order to fulfill his promise to his now deceased wife.<br /><br />What Carl didn't know was that Russell had stowed away on the flying home, and now the two are stuck working together through their adventures in South America.  The two begin to bound, as they fight for their lives and meet new friends, such as Doug the talking dog, and Kevin the giant blue bird.  The story depicts the problems that arise as the group begins to see things turn for the worse with each passing minute.  They all learn to put their differences aside.<br /><br />The film provides great sequences of laugh inducing jokes, many of which come from the group of talking dogs (Doug the Golden Retriever, and Alpha the Doberman Pinscher).  There's plenty of laughs for everyone to enjoy and the story touches the audience on several levels.  \\"Up\\" is a movie that provides such a wide range of emotions that it's sure to please any member of the family, from the young to the young at heart, there's sure to be something in the movie for everyone.  Portions of the film can be cute, others can be funny, while others can be quite sad.<br /><br />The animation is stupendous, and every actor did a great job providing voice-overs for every character.  The plot is original, and the viewers never truly know what is going to happen next.  Overall, Disney did an excellent job providing a child friendly film that can be enjoyed by adults as well.  \\"Up\\" is definitely a film worth checking out.ey to Paradise Falls, in order to fulfill his promise to his now deceased wife.    What Carl didn't know was that Russell had stowed away on the flying home, and now the two are stuck working together through their adventures in South America.  The two begin to bound, as they fight for their lives and meet new friends, such as Doug the talking dog, and Kevin the giant blue bird.  The story depicts the problems that arise as the group begins to see things turn for the worse with each passing minute.  They all learn to put their differences aside.    The film provides great sequences of laugh inducing jokes, many of which come from the group of talking dogs (Doug the Golden Retriever, and Alpha the Doberman Pinscher).  There's plenty of laughs for everyone to enjoy and the story touches the audience on several levels.  \\"Up\\" is a movie that provides such a wide range of emotions that it's sure to please any member of the family, from the young to the young at heart, there's sure to be something in the movie for everyone.  Portions of the film can be cute, others can be funny, while others can be quite sad.      The animation is stupendous, and every actor did a great job providing voice-overs for every character.  The plot is original, and the viewers never truly know what is going to happen next.  Overall, Disney did an excellent job providing a child friendly film that can be enjoyed by adults as well.  \\"Up\\" is definitely a film worth checking out.
4770031246|5.0|This cookbook is absolutely wonderful. It is full of easy-to-make recipes, and lots of great ideas for bentos. There are also some very healthy recipes in here.
B001GKJ2FM|5.0|I ordered Wed pm and it was waiting for me when i got home Thursday - less than 12 hours - how can that be - I was thrilled = I know I will love it as I have seen before and had to have my own copy.  WOW Amazon you said 2days with Prime and it was not even one whole day - you are Amazing with shipping and customer service. it is a GREAT movie - saw on Broadway last week and just had to have it to continue singing.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|I purchased this HSF with the intention of lowering my computer's noise profile, and letting me apply a moderate overclock for 24/7 use. It has succeeded in both areas.    I already knew that it included a single fan, but was pleasantly surprised upon opening the package to find that additional mounting hardware, clips and rubber dampers, are provided so that users can add a second 120mm fan for a push-pull configuration. I appreciate the attention to detail and expandability of this cooler in this regard.    Installation was fairly easy, and luckily I did not have to remove my motherboard from its case to install this HSF. This HSF uses a backplate to provide a secure mounting mechanism, and if your case does not have a cutout on the back side, you will have to remove your motherboard from the case in order to install it correctly. This may be something to take into consideration for those who want a pain-free installation.    Even with the single fan that comes with this unit, my computer is much quieter. To give you an idea of the noise difference, at idle the stock cooler which has IIRC an 80mm fan would spin at 1400RPM. The single 120mm fan provided with this unit spins at 1150 RPM at idle, and it makes quite the difference. The slight hum that emanates from my PC is now whisper quiet, and no longer irritating to listen to.    Temperature wise, numbers don't really mean anything, since there are so many other variables involved(case, ambient temperature, thermal compound, etc.). I haven't pushed my OC limits yet, but it keeps my i5 750 @ 3.2Ghz Turbo stable in Prime95 with stock voltage, and the hottest core peaks at 60* C.    All in all, this is one of the best coolers available at this price range. I would recommend it without reservation to anyone looking for better thermal performance at the ~$30 price range.
B000002KB8|5.0|Like most Sabbath fans, I've listened to the first eight records and the Dio albums too many times to count.  After years, I keep coming back to the debut as my favorite one to listen to for several key reasons.<br /><br />First, this is the most \\"evil\\" Black Sabbath album.  The influence of horror imagery is obvious in the chilling cover photo of a ghastly green witch (apparently), standing in front of an old church and a bleak rural background.  The evil mood is further set by the thunder and rain intro to the title song and the subsequent ultra-doom riff, plus the Satan-themed lyrics of this song and N.I.B.  No other Sabbath album has quite the same brooding, almost blasphemous feel.  I guess the downside was that people started calling them devil-worshippers instead of realizing they were entertainers.<br /><br />Next, this album set the foundation for the dynamics that would be found on each Sabbath record afterward.  Besides boasting incredible individual songs like the title track, Behind the Wall of Sleep, The Wizard, and N.I.B., you get harmonica, bass solos, extended jams, jazz and blues influences...great diversity.  Some say they put too much focus on diversity on later albums, but the formula here was perfect.<br /><br />Finally, the overall quality of riffs and leads on Tony Iommi's first album, and the dark simplicity of Ozzy's debut vocal performance make this a compelling enough listen, but it also has an unrefined, almost uncontrolled quality that none of the other Sabbath albums have.  The medley of A Bit of Finger/Sleeping Village/Warning, especially, with its acoustic folk passages, searing improv solos, swinging rhythms, and cool, bluesy verses...I can't listen to it enough.  I love all of the first ten Sabbath albums, but this one has to be my favorite.
1849025940|5.0|Of George Orwell's books, I've only read this and \\"Animal Farm,\\" so I'm not that familiar with his work. I don't know that much about his background, so I don't know his reason for living in Paris. But I loved \\"Down and Out in Paris and London.\\" It's a fun, upbeat adventure story, in the spirit of Frank McCourt's \\"Angela's Ashes.\\" Like the latter, it's a story about grinding poverty, but like McCourt's book, it tells the story with sarcastic humor. No whining here, Orwell starves and takes it like a man.    What I noticed prominently was the lack of women in the story. I don't know what Orwell's orientation was, but neither he, nor the men in the story, mention anything about women, save for some prostitutes or kitchen staff. The rooming houses are filled almost exclusively with men, and the women are almost nowhere in the story.    It was charming, however, to hear him disparage the Paris restaurants. Just like today, the hygiene was abysmal, and the small hole-in-the-wall places are cleaner. In the big restaurants, the chef fingers the food with his dirty hands to make sure it's done right. But in a small bistro, the food is forked from the pan to the plate. No dainty presentation, but also no hands! This is why I prefer small cafes to fancy restaurants.    There's a stark contrast between Paris and London as seen by Orwell. I won't give away too much at this point, but this book did make me want to visit Paris. My only problem would be the food cost. Today, it's very expensive, but in the 1920's, an American could live like a king there on a small check.
B003ELOQCA|5.0|Great show.  I saw this tour in Tampa in '09 and the stage is the most insane thing I have ever seen.  It looks amazing at the Rose Bowl.  Buy it.  You will NOT be disappointed!  I can't wait to see them again live in June!
B003F3NDWG|3.0|I have not seen the show or DVD. Person that received as gift said its awesome. Has mystery, but is funny also. Thought it was a little pricey.
B002NPUCRQ|5.0|I purchased this dvd/cd for my granddaughter for Christmas and it was a hit.  Amazon always comes through for me.  Shipping was very fast and in plenty of time for Christmas.
B003FSTN52|5.0|I recently caught a current-season's episode and my curiosity raised to the desperate level of needing to know prior episodes, from the beginning. Now I'm fixed to know how all story-lines play out. The Good Wife is well-written, superbly acted, and easy to watch again, and again--to catch missed details.
B000DZIGDU|5.0|I love this movie, Im going into the Army and just wantd to get into the military mode so I purchased Jarhead and it did not fail to impress, I would recommend this movie for anyone prior service or just for action movie lovers.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|this is my first pair of these and I'm impressed. The mic and sound are awesome. Don't turn the volume up to loud though because you might go deaf.
B002JVWQT6|5.0|Ever since the end of my favorite sitcoms, (Friends, Sex and the City, Will and Grace), I thought another \\"classic\\" would never come along.  A must-have for your DVD collection!
1439152780|5.0|The author creates a gothic atmosphere brilliantly - a castle, dark rainy nights, family secrets - with lyrical prose.  And best of all, the author loves her characters well and bids them a most satisfying farewell.
0061433047|4.0|This book follows Terry Pratchett's tradition of great books with strong, interesting characters.  The Tiffany Aching character continues to grow into a witch and a woman.  My only caveat is the themes in the book start to get a little mature for the target audience.  I would love to give this book to my 4th grade niece or read it allowed to her younger sister, but I think I would get in trouble with my sister.  I'm not talking about anything graphic, but it does address themes of abusive people and even the need for sex education.
B0041KKYEM|3.0|OSCAR TO PORTMAN, OSCAR TO KUNIS [SUPPORTING]<br /><br />ACTUAL WINNERS - HERSHEY AND RYDER<br /> ~ BOTH WOMEN DESERVE LEADING ROLES?<br /><br />NOTHING - REPEAT - NOTHING ORIGINAL HERE - IT'S \\"REPULSION\\" meets Bunuel .... Deneuve and those nail clippers ....<br /><br />\\"RED SHOES\\" - Moira Whatsisname?  The \\"Othello\\" takeoff with Ron Coleman ...... Good Gawd People ...git some sense into them thar ditsy critic heads - no doubt the \\"studios\\" will heavily back this one ..... err, since 'Tis \\"Aweful about Eve\\"?<br /><br />A touch of Fosse too?<br /><br />ENJOY THIS EUROTRASH SMUT .... YEARN FOR SOMETHING ORIGINAL ......<br /><br />For real kicks slam Hersey, Ryder, Portman and Kunis in a mod-psyched version of Chekov's \\"Three Sisters\\" - about 3 21st century women dying to GET OUT of modern-day Moskow.  Now THAT's original.  And something that ccould push me back behind the camera......
0307595579|5.0|I gave my son the Stieg Larsson's Millennium Trilogy Deluxe Boxed Set for Christmas.  He is one of those hard to find the perfect gift kind of people.  He loved his gift!  I could not have found a more perfect gift for him.
B0045NXMJE|5.0|I really liked this movie, very charming .. and the special effects and photography so well done. But it is very French in its humor, its gestures; probably does not appeal to a broad US audience. Just let go and enjoy it.
B002ZRPQ5K|4.0|This is a great follow up to their previous record \\"Perfect Symmetry\\".  If you dug the danciness of that record, you'll like where this record goes.
1416550550|5.0|This book is a wonderful book spanning many generations. It's a period piece and it's current.  It's also a mystery. I thoroughly enjoyed this read from start to finish!!
B00192IV9U|5.0|We all know Michael Jackson passed away.  And we all know that he probably would have chosen other tracks or he would have finished them differently. BUT...   ...there are still wonderful tracks on this album and, even if not entirely \\"his\\" and not perfectly polished, this album is still better than the majority of music you can listen to this time around.  Listen to it with an open mind and an open heart, you'll love it.
1401310400|3.0|I was disappointed to find that the book was so small.  Upon opening the book I could see why; the pages are chock full of print and the font size is smaller than a typical soft cover book.  I bought the book for my wife so I envision hearing complaints about headaches pretty soon.
B001TH8UUA|5.0|what can be said...they work great why pay top dollar for a name when you can get something this economical and it works just great
0307388921|5.0|First of all, I want to say that Chuck Palahniuk is an amazing author in general and that I have been thoroughly entertained by every book he has written that I have read so far. In the case of Fight Club, the book and the movie are about equally good. The book has a little extra that doesn't appear in the movie, but the movie has a better ending. In the case of Choke, however, the book is light years better than the movie. The book gets more into the main character's childhood, there are more interactions between him and the lady doctor, and of course there is a lot more perversion (and hilarity). If you have seen the film and found it so-so, don't let that turn you off from reading the book. I thought it was actually a bit better than the novel Fight Club, and from what I've said earlier that should be suggestion enough.
B0030IIYYS|5.0|This was a Christmas gift for my grandchild;could not have been more thrilled; wanted to view it immediately of course, all other presents were put aside.
B000VBIGD6|1.0|I never recieved the DVD that I ordered!! I will never order from amazon again, and if I do never this seller!
B00275EHJG|5.0|My grandchildren love Toy Story; so I got one Toy Story 2 and the other Toy Story 3.  Big hit on Christmas. Great videos; good clean family fun and they can be seen over and over, with there life lessons.
B0040YFR1Y|5.0|Robert Rodriquez directs this episode of Predators, and it shows. Predator behavior and culture show their face as human warlords are transported to the Predator game preserve. Butt kicking insues.<br />  Get the Blu-ray, you'll be thanking me when you frame by frame the 'dog' scenes and the quick cut action/fighting parts.<br />  Adrien Brody does a great job as the lead.<br />L. Fishburne has an extended cameo.
B0042JTDXK|5.0|fell in love with his voice on this album.  I typically don't listen to pop or world music, so was never interested in exploring his CDs.  This album was given to me as a gift and I am blown away!  I then had to go back through his old stuff, of course.  I have to admit, his songwriting appeals to me the most of all the songs on the album.  Can't wait to see where he goes next professionally
B003A9OVS0|5.0|Gorillaz third and final studio album is an impressive feat on almost every front. I can't call the animated pop visionaries' journey an evolution because each of the three albums is its own entity. \\"Gorillaz\\" was light, gritty, and experimental, \\"Plastic Beach\\" is the most accessible, pure synthpop at times, and \\"Demon Days\\" was somewhere in between the two. It's a perfectly balanced trilogy that follows the old tradition of every great three-parter. Part One balances all the elements that will unfold over the course of the whole work. Part two is the darkest and most emotional of the three, and diverges from the first significantly. Part three is more similar to part one, though with a lighter tone and different sense of scale.    Well, since everyone else seems to be doing it, here's my own track-by-track.    Orchestral Intro - Exactly as advertised, a smooth, moody opening sequence that guides us through the fog, and onto the sands of Plastic Beach.    Welcome to the World of the Plastic Beach - Festivities begin as Snoop Dogg of all people greets the listener with a short, laid-back hip-hop track. Whenever I show this album to people, they're hooked once Snoop kicks in. It's a great way to start things off.    White Flag - One of the most satisfying tracks on the album flutters in with a whimsical Eastern-flavored string section, before screeching to a halt for an aggressive rap from Bashy and Kano. The last section repeats the strings from the beginning, mixed with the electric bass line. \\"Cool\\" just doens't cut it.    Rhinestone Eyes - This one just won't get out of my head. It's probably the loudest song on the album, helmed by Gorillaz frontman 2D in his first vocal duties of the record. His sleepy, jaded voice contrasts with the flashy synths so starkly that they actually work together.    Stylo - Gorillaz remind you that genre-bending is second nature to them by fusing dark electronics with a blistering performance by soul legend Bobby Womack.  SuperfastJellyfish - Yes, people, jellyfish ARE actually edible. De La Soul return to deliver a silly little rap about pollution and the rapid loss of natural resources.    Empire Ants - Right up there with Feel Good Inc. and Clint Eastwood. The way this acoustic ballad seamlessly transforms into a trip-hop groove is one of Gorillaz's most impressive experiments.    Glitter Freeze - Interlude. A loopy, screaming instrumental from Mark E. Smith. It serves it purpose as a closer to what would be Side A.    Some Kind of Nature - One of the album's rockier tracks. It's a gritty and groovy foot-tapper, headed by the one and only Lou Reed.  On Melancholy Hill - The climax of the album. It's epic, ethereal, moving, and only three minutes long. What a tease.    Broken - The tonal narrative has hit its peak, now it's time to work its way back down in the falling action. This one had to grow on me. It's definately Gorillaz's most downtrodden songs since, well, the entirety of Demon Days.    Sweepstakes - Hate to say it, but every album has a weak link. It's by no means a bad song, this minimalistic hip-hop track does its job in controlling the tone of the album as a piece, but otherwise, it sounds like a bit of a throwaway.    Plastic Beach - The title track is a rock song featuring Mick Jones and Paul Simonon, a.k.a half of the Clash. It's got a great beat and an ever better intro, but 2D's rhytmic singing style really carries this one.     To Binge - A lighthearted love song, arguably the poppiest song Gorillaz has ever recorded. It's a good song made great by Little Dragon's silky voice.    Cloud of Unknowing - Time to wind things down. Bobby Womack croons out a touching soul song on an album about soulessness. Did you think he'd hire Bobby Womack for just one song?    Pirate Jet - With the last track, the listener hops back on the boat and drifts away. Like the first track, this one isn't meant to be listened to on its own, it's part of a whole.
B003HLM2QO|3.0|I love Ozzy, but this is just more of the same, nothing too exciting here. If you want to hear a great new rock album, check out the latest from Slash.
1932100660|5.0|I love this book. Very detailed and research results to back up claims. This book has led me on a different path of eating and has inspired me to become a vegan. This book is an excellent choice if you are concerned about your health and the health of the planet.
B001JNNDGA|5.0|I thank you Jesus for dying on the cross for my sins and keeping me from hell. I am forever grateful to You and Your Holy Father. Thank you.<br /><br />This movie is not for small children and is very graphic. You will shed tears and have awesome understanding about something none of us understood as a child completely. Every family should have this film.
0810979772|4.0|He is 10yrs old and normal as the day is long.  He opened the book and yelled \\"it's the one I can work in  yay.\\"  Before dinner he sat down and read allowed  *to me* some of the book  ..  we laughed and had a good good time.    I am sure most 10yr olds will respond the same way.  It has been the best gift I have ever given him.
B002LC2DQ4|5.0|Other than the packaging this is a great value.  I would have like the memory card in a memory card holder since it was a gift however, this like I said was a great bargin.
B003VPWXRO|5.0|Very honest story about Portia's anorexia/bulemia. Some parts were hard to comprehend how a mind with an eating disorder thinks. It was very emotional, and made me think about my own relationship with food(though I do not have an eating disorder). I didn't want to put the book down until I was finished reading it.<br />I appreciate her frank and honest story.
B003K1EYM6|1.0|This WAS an excellent product. Now, for many of us, it's worthless. In May, I took it with my iPad to the Amazon jungle in Peru and was able to read the CF card from my Canon DSLR using a small CF card reader. It was brilliant. I could review my day's photos and decide where to shoot the next day based on whether or not I was happy with my results.    Then came the updated iOS 4.2 operating system for the iPad right at the beginning of December, and now this kit cannot read a CF card using an external reader. This is because Apple reduced the power to the port that this plugs into specifically to prevent people from plugging useful things into the USB connector. That's why I say to ignore any review before that time. Earlier reviews are talking about a product that actually works as designed. Only reviews after that tell you what it can do if you buy it now.    Still, this might work for some people, depending on your needs. Here's where you stand.    1. You only have SD cards in your cameras. You're probably fine. The SD dongle still reads most of those.    2. You have CF cards and need to read them with an external reader. You are completely out of luck unless you use a powered USB hub. At that point, you're carrying so much junk around, you may as well just take your laptop, and you must be near an electrical outlet for it to work at all.    3. You have CF cards and can attach a USB cable directly to your camera. This is a crap shoot. Some cameras work and some don't. You can either borrow a CCK from someone to see if it works with yours or you can just buy it and hope.    Some may wonder if my one-star is a little too harsh, given that this device still works in some situations. Normally, I would agree, but there's another point at work here. This isn't about a device that never had the capacity to do something you might want it to do. For that you knock it down a star or two. This is a device that worked perfectly when it was released and that the manufacturerhas intentionally crippled. Both the iPad and this kit are capable of working, but Apple has removed that functionality in software. When a company breaks their own product on purpose, I think that deserves one star.
B003ZK58WM|1.0|Why would an E book cost more than the hardback edition???  There is no cost, no printing, no binding, etc...  Does not make sense to me.
3836501910|4.0|I am a fan of Terry Richardson, his work is very simple when it comes to the world of photography. His work does not have all that high-tech lighting, it is all very natural; like 80's polaroids. Terry shoots things as he sees them and while turning pages in Terryworld, you can visualize what he does daily, the man sure parties hard and has a lot of fun. It's definitely not every day that you see a photographer getting a BJ in his own book.    This is a great book if you have a open mind and like au natural and do not take offensive to pornographic imagery. However, if your a prude and do not like sexual content, stay away from this book. This book is NC-17!
0142410373|5.0|I adored this book this book as a child and continue to adore it as an adult. This book speaks to that little girl who looked at her parents and decided she was decidedly different. Everything will be ok.
1400052173|4.0|First purchase for my new Kindle.  Well researched and well written.  I've never been a big fan of scientific themes, but this book managed to incorporate human interest along with a simplistic enough description of a major event in scientific research.  Would definitely recommend.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|This sixth and final season of one of TV's all time great shows doesn't disappoint.  I keep rewatching the entire series, looking for a loophole by which they could bring it back.  Maybe I found one, Walt could round up all the kids (Aaron, Charlie, Ji Yeung - I think that's her name) and try to find out what really happened to their parents.  Could be good, no?
B003YFIUW8|5.0|i just read a lifetime movie... an oscar award winning lifetime movie. this book was gripping. it was the first book i got on my kindle and i could not put it down. i loved that the story was told from jacks pov and it was great how u could still hear the pain and desperation in mas voice even tho jack couldnt understand it. and the man who kidnapped her is almost creepily terrifying. i love how they engineered the escape and i felt so happy for them when jack was able to pull it off even tho he was so limited. but it seems once they have left room all the problems and troubles really begin ma is so depressed and overwhelmed and jack is so overwhelmed by this whole world that he thought only existed in the tv and he still wishes to return to room. but in the end u feel proud of both of them... its a very good read and very sweet its haunting and beautiful.
0596007124|5.0|This is one of the required texts in an introductory course on Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD) class that I took sometime ago. This book provides a decent introduction to the subject spending about 20-30 pages on each of the design patterns. Code examples are in Java just as with all other Head First books but programmers proficient in other languages should have no problem in grasping the concepts. This book is relatively easy to follow for the most part and readers will have a decent understanding of the patterns in the text. However, the difficult part is to identify which patterns can be used when you are presented with a problem either at work or at school - I believe this comes with experience but the book lays a reasonable foundation on which you can build upon as you go along. Towards the end of the book, the authors also show how to combine multiple patterns to solve a problem. This is not meant to be a reference book but a tool for learning. I have no reservations in recommending this book to novices. For those at intermediate or advanced level, you are better of checking out more advanced texts (such as Gang of Four (GOF) Design Patterns) since this book may not add much value in your case.
B003ITZBW2|5.0|We recently received DVDs from another seller that were damaged.  These came well packed and unharmed.  Batman - Under the Red Hood is FREAKING AWESOME!!!  If you are a Batman fan DO NOT MISS THIS MOVIE!!!!
0399215921|3.0|Watchout for the size of the hardcover version...  it is a 3 x 5 book!  I was all excited about getting such a good price... oops.  The book itself is great, however!
B0042U94UQ|4.0|Now this is a weird animated film. About the world's...no wait..2nd best supervillian. A guy name Gru (Steve Carrell) who wants to steal the moon but most need the help of 3 little orphans...ok it does sound a little corney especially when Gru's minions are..little yellow men who most of the time, you dont know what they are saying.    The film is pretty good with an all star cast that includes Julie Andrews (Mary Poppins, Sound of music, Shrek 2, etc), Will Arnett (Arrested Development, Blades of Glory, etc), Russel Brand (Get him to the Greek), Jason Segel (How I met your mother), Kristen Wiig (Saturday Night Live), Ken Jeong (Hangover, Community), Jack McBrayer (30 Rock), and more    Probably the stars of the film are the minions since most of the funny scenes involve them. In fact if you buy the two disc edition you get 3 mini movies starring the Minions. Heck sometimes in the movie the other characters will make you laugh, but I wont be suprise if the Minions get their own spinoff.    The 1 disc comes with some special features:  *Despicable Beats- a short video of making the music  *Gru's Rocket Builder- a little game  *A Global Effort- the crew talking about how some of the animation was done in *Commentary with Directors Chris Renaud & Pierre Coffin Featuring the Minions    The two disc comes with a little more, some videos on the characters and 3 shorts (Mentioned)    This is a fun movie for people of all ages    Pros:  -Cute plot  -The Minions    Cons:  -Could have had more special features
B002ZG97EC|5.0|Pros:  Funny for kids and adults alike  Great music  Not too long or too short  No singing (yeah!)    Cons:  There is some violence with guns and explosions; however, this was a big part of the dynamic of the movie.  Still a good one!
B002ZG980U|5.0|Christopher Nolan has done it again, he has made a movie that will be remembered many years from now. When I saw this in theaters, I, a lot like you, was confused to the plot and what was going on. Then watching it again on dvd, the movie made perfect sense. I understood the whole diamic of the movie, the characters and more importantly the story.    This film has done something rarely seen in movies today...done something original. The special affects are stunning, the acting almost as good and the story (after watching a 2nd time) great. Its near flawless...the problem...You need to watch it a second time to fully understand everything. If only it wasnt confusing the first time around. But I still think this is a must own dvd even though the special features arent as good as they should be.    Basically its one feature split into 4 subjects:    Four Focus Points-  *The Inception of Inception: Christopher Nolan shapes his unusual concepts for Inception  *The Japanese Castle: The Dream Is Collapsing: Creating and destroying the castle set  *Constructing Paradoxical Architecture: Designing the staircase to nowhere  *The Freight Train: Constructing the street-faring freight train     They could have had thrown in maybe deleted scenes and commentary but beggers cant be choosers.    Pros:  -Stunning visual affects  -Great storyline  -Great acting    Cons:  -You need to watch this a second time to fully understand the story  -Lack of special features
B000XUBFE2|5.0|just lovely.  this book combines history and fiction to make wonderful view on world war two.  also read to find out who the narrator really is.
B000FA5TTW|5.0|this story will break your heart and rip you to pieces but you will love it as much as i did.
B003UYUQZW|5.0|I didn't care about seeing this movie, but we bought a new BluRay and my husband picked this movie out.  It was action packed from beginning to end.  A great family film (the \\"kill\\" scenes weren't gory at all).  The scenery was beautiful and the special effects were entertaining.  I would recommend this movie to anyone above 8 years old.  Enjoy!
B0041KOVUU|5.0|Everything about this box set is beautiful. The box is amazing, it was a great idea to use a flavorleague.com flavor paper for the cover. The vinyl is the most beautiful piece of art I have ever seen. It is very pumpkinish art and when it spins it looks like the horse is chasing the angel. The b-side song is alright, the other songs are better in my opinion, but the picture on the b-side is a star map that when you pur it on the metal thing in the middle of the record player makes polaris. The cd comes in a cardboard box with yet another pumpkinish picture and a trippy cd disign. Overall it is a wonderful box set for any fan.
1401307450|5.0|The impact this book had on me is priceless.  I give this as gift to those going through the same thing we've gone through.  If it helps one other person as much as it helped me, well then it will have saved at least two lives that we know of.
080214473X|5.0|WOW, what an awesome book! I got this book just a few weeks ago and I'm almost finished with it. So many heros to go with this story, so many untold truths about war come to life and hit home with some of the most gung ho soldiers in the world. I love this book and I think that the very lesson of combat that this actual event created was to always expect the unexpected. I've also read the Battle of Mogadishu, it's another great story and holds fast to the real events. It's not all \\"Hollywooded\\" up! I'll never watch Black Hawk Down again, if you want the true version read this book. May we always remember those who fought and died there...You are not forgotten
B000FVHJE4|5.0|The impact this book had on me is priceless.  I give this as gift to those going through the same thing we've gone through.  If it helps one other person as much as it helped me, well then it will have saved at least two lives that we know of.
B0038BBA4I|5.0|First heard this band on KBCO (the EXCELLENT radio station in Boulder CO), where I first heard the Avett Brothers. The very telling fact: my girlfriend walking through the room saying \\"did the Avett Brothers get another singer?\\". They are not the Avett's, but the instrumentation is very similar. These songs are a bit more serious (perhaps less playful is a better choice of words) than the Avett's but equally satisfying. If you like the Avett's, you should find this in the same wheelhouse. My faves : Little Lion Man, The Cave, and Roll Away Your Stone. One word to describe their sound: honest. This is not pop dribble that's dripping in over-production, synthesizers, and Disney princesses...I've seen the phrase \\"freak folk\\" used on itunes - that's an interesting phrase, not sure I'd go \\"freak\\", but maybe it is certainly folk for the new millenium. Listen, and enjoy.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|Excellant dvd love it big fan of the twilight saga can't wait for the next movie Also the service from amazon is excellant thank you
1416955070|3.0|in a sentence or so: Clary sees demons. Clary battles demons. Clary's reality is turned upside down and dumped out like a backpack with all of the secrets, lies, and half-truths spilling out for her to sort through AND save her mom at the same time.<br /><br />Clary and her adorable bestie Simon are at a NY dance club when she sees something suspicious. inexplicably, she decides to follow a cluster of not-so-ordinary looking teens into a back room. she surprises them almost as much as they surprise her with her ability to even see them because they are typically unseen by us ordinary folk. they are shadowhunters, and for reasons they cannot explain, Clary can see them.<br /><br />slowly, Clary begins to realize how closely her fate is tied in with the shadowhunters, and just how deeply ingrained her mother is with the hidden world. not that everything her mother told her was a lie, but pretty darn close. needless to say, Clary is a bit peeved at the whole \\"your life is a big fat lie\\" thing...but it's hard to hold on to resentment when the shadowhunters are her best bet at getting back her mother who vanished in a whirlwind of mystery, lies, and demon ichor.<br /><br />despite the somewhat trite premise, i was totally drawn in to the world that Clare creates.  the whole youre-not-actually-ordinary-but-actually-special thing is a bit played out in my opinion. surely there are better ways to introduce a 'normal' person into the paranormal world than the same ol', same ol'. but alas, as i said i was drawn into the world of half-angels and shadowhunters and different alliances and warlocks and the whole deal.  there was enough familiarity with the lore to sustain me with the fresh twists and unknown bits of paranormal action.<br /><br />let's not overlook the love-triangle. while cute and frustrating, it did seem pretty obvious - and again trite - that she was in that predicament. she has two choices: lifelong friend or shiny paranormal boy. i was honestly more intrigued by the rest of the supporting cast. Clare creates some brooding, some sassyness, some bitchiness, and some betrayal that i could really absorb and fall in love with.<br /><br />i'm curious enough to see where this series heads, so i'll keep on reading. plus, the blogosphere seems to be pretty into the series as a whole so there must be some pretty exciting stuff down the line. i loved the plot, but still feeling salty about some of the cliches. i'm hopeful that Clary starts to work outside of the box, that she does things i wouldn't do or make bad decisions or do something to show some flaw to make her feel real.<br /><br />fave quote: \\"'Every teenager in the world feels that, feels broken or out of place, different somehow, royalty mistakenly born into a family of peasants. The difference in your case is that it's true. You are different. Maybe not better-but different. And it's no picnic being different...'\\" (Magnus to Clary, pg 173 351 nook version) i do value that the author took the time to highlight the cliche...<br /><br />fix er up: Clary's personality on the whole was watery. sure she has hints of sassyness and determination and sketches and feelings for boys...but i felt like i never really knew her like i knew the other characters.  Clare develops the other characters through their emotional reactions and interactions, but Clary feels 2D. i wonder if it's so the reader can insert herself into the position, but it's frustrating to me that she falls into the \\"she doesn't know she's gorgeous and special' lead role.ast. Clare creates some brooding, some sassyness, some bitchiness, and some betrayal that i could really absorb and fall in love with.    i'm curious enough to see where this series heads, so i'll keep on reading. plus, the blogosphere seems to be pretty into the series as a whole so there must be some pretty exciting stuff down the line. i loved the plot, but still feeling salty about some of the cliches. i'm hopeful that Clary starts to work outside of the box, that she does things i wouldn't do or make bad decisions or do something to show some flaw to make her feel real.    fave quote: \\"'Every teenager in the world feels that, feels broken or out of place, different somehow, royalty mistakenly born into a family of peasants. The difference in your case is that it's true. You are different. Maybe not better-but different. And it's no picnic being different...'\\" (Magnus to Clary, pg 173 351 nook version) i do value that the author took the time to highlight the cliche...    fix er up: Clary's personality on the whole was watery. sure she has hints of sassyness and determination and sketches and feelings for boys...but i felt like i never really knew her like i knew the other characters.  Clare develops the other characters through their emotional reactions and interactions, but Clary feels 2D. i wonder if it's so the reader can insert herself into the position, but it's frustrating to me that she falls into the \\"she doesn't know she's gorgeous and special' lead role.
B003EYVY0E|1.0|THIS IS NOT AN EXTENDED VIEW LIKE THEY DID WITH THE FIRST TWO MOVIES! WARNER BROS. PUT MORE EFFORT INTO THE OUTSIDE PACKAGE THAN WHAT'S IN IT.HOW MANY VERSIONS OF THIS DO THEY EXPECT US TO BUY?[[ASIN:B003EYVY0E Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (Ultimate Edition) [Blu-ray]]]
B002ZG974M|5.0|AAA+++
142311339X|4.0|The characters didn't quite attach to me as fast as the demigods in the first series. I still prefer them,  actually, but these guys, Jason, Piper, and Leo, are still pretty fantastic. Jason's suaveness and Leo's comedy evens each other out nicely, and Piper is a great heroine especially considering the god she ends up being a child of. I'm glad Riordan gave a good character from this god. The comedy is similar to the first series, so it is just as funny and delightful, although it sadly lacks the creative chapter titles.... but that's okay. The novel, in the end, however, just made me realized how attached I was to Percy..... but this just means I can't wait for the next one. Perhaps this was Riordan's plan in a way because the new characters will grow on me as the story progresses anyway, I just know it. Overall, if you liked the first series, you will surely enjoy this one. I can't speak for a complete newcomer, I'd probably suggest to read the first Camp Half-Blood series first to understand the references to old characters and events, but it is still probably easy to understand if you read this one without reading the first series. It'd would give some things away, though, obviously, but you still would not know all the exact details.
B0037KMHRY|5.0|One word: Fantastic! Just download, buy it, get it.....wait, are you still reading this? I hope you just purchased it. It's worth it. Oh, and it may not be the import version, but for what it is, it's phenomenal in my opinion. Get it!
B001GCUNYO|5.0|Awesome movie!  My husband and I both love this movie.  It has the intensity and action he craves while providing just enough drama to keep me drawn in, too.  For Christmas I got my husband the Blu-ray version to go in his stocking, and we just watched it last night.  LOVED it!  The Blu-ray format only makes this incredible movie even better.  We felt like we were watching this in a theater.      I also love this movie because it highlights a topic we often like to ignore-- human trafficking.  This movie follows a father who is using his former skills as a U.S. government \\"preventer\\" (aka some type of special secret service) to track down his kidnapped 17 year old daughter in Paris, France.  His relationship had been strained with her and her mother for most of the daughter's life because of his job, and now he is using those same career skills to find her.  He only has a short window of time before she will disappear forever.  Liam Neeson is intense, and the action is so real.  He is an intelligent trained killer and will stop at nothing.  This is one of our favorites that we love to see again and again.    Trust me.  Paying a few extra dollars for the Blu-ray is worth it!!!
B002UXRGLG|5.0|Purchased this video for my husband for Christmas, but the entire family has enjoyed it!  It's educational and the cinematography is nothing short of genius.  The entire series is filled with beautiful images and intriguing footage of scenes rarely seen.  As an artist of acrylic
0743200799|5.0|Wow, a fantastic book from a living legend!  I never had the priviledge of meeting Mr. Krantz when I was working for NASA.  Too bad!  A must read that leaves all the other books about the human space program in general and Apollo in particular in the moon dust.
0307593525|5.0|I gave this book to my fianc&egrave; for Christmas. She loves it a lot, at the moment she tryes only one recipe. It is well written and  the instructions are clear. We had some trouble with the measure method because we are from Italy and we don't use Tb, cups and once but that was an our problem, not Julia Child's one!<br />I'd like to recommend this book to all the women who like cook and eat!
B004B8DH98|1.0|NO, this film is not a character study unless you are interested in the study of mimes.<br /><br />NO, this is not a 'thinking man's film,' unless you are iveted by inteminable scenes of diving through the countyside, wide shots of walking and walking and walking, and a plot that could be described on a cocktail napkin.  In crayon.<br /><br />NO, the tension does not build slowly. At one point we were so bored we clicked out of full screen and used the cursor to play with Clooney's nose.<br /><br />Did I mention there was alot of walking?<br /><br />It's Clooney's wost film.<br /><br />I am tired and not going to write anymore and please accept my apologies on the typos; the \\"r\\" on my wife's keyboad is sticky and usually skips a beat.
B003PBB4ME|5.0|This is a smartly designed tool, to assist you in taking photos and video, without a tripod.  The shoe on the top,allows for lighting or a microphone.  Very light weight.  Excellent product!!!
B00181S106|5.0|This was a terrific purchase. The book was exactly as described. It arrived quickly and was well packaged to prevent damage during shipping.
B00192IV9U|2.0|Those MJ fanatics are not crazy....It may be hard to fathom but on three tracks there is very likely/probably/almost certain an imposter singing most of the vocals (in MJ's style). The average listener will NOT notice because he sounds quite a bit like MJ but \\"Monster\\", \\"Keep Your Head Up\\" and \\"Breaking News\\" feature a soundalike (very possibly an amateur named Jason Malachi- who can sound almost exactly like MJ ....minus the Soul however). The telltale sign is the vibrato (actually tremolo) that ends nearly every phrase sung in those three songs. It is forced and too fast (not to mention goat-like). Nobody has been able to produce any genuine MJ vocals that have that vibrato. Even if these were lazy guide vocals by MJ who intended to go back and sing full throttle later it wouldn't explain that vibrato. The \\"melodyne\\" excuse by Teddy Riley doesn't fly. The pitch isn't so much the problem but the vibrato. Sure Sony, Riley et al are denying this because they themselves may have been duped into accepting counterfeit tracks from the Cascios and it's too late to turn back now. The truth may eventually come out. If proof is provided that those really are MJ's vocals processed I will humbly admit I'm wrong...but I doubt it. I'm not really a MJ \\"fan\\" but an admirer of his talent. I consider him one of the greatest entertainers of modern times- I grew up with MJ's music- I love the great stuff (Off The Wall, Thriller, Bad, assorted singles) and ignore the lesser stuff in his musical career but I've carefully compared the vocals on those Cascio tracks to real MJ vocals and I smell a rat. It is (may be) a travesty about the three Cascio tracks especially since \\"Monster\\" is going to be the next single and will be a hit...in MJ's name. Another shame is this is a pretty decent collection for what it is. \\"Behind The Mask\\", \\"Another Day\\", \\"Hollywood Tonight\\", \\"Much Too Soon\\", \\"Best Of Joy\\" & \\"I Like The Way You Love Me\\" are all above average songs.
B0036EH3WU|4.0|I had one disk that did not work out of the 36 DVD,S but, it was replaced quickly.<br />Thanks
B003WTE886|5.0|\\"Speak Now\\" is Taylor Swift's recent musical creation that is very original, creative, upbeat, and left me feeling very peaceful and content. You can really feel her happiness and enthusiasm through her singing in this collection such as in the musical numbers of \\"Mine\\" and \\"Enchanted\\". Most of the songs are very upbeat, but even the more solemn songs make you think such as \\"Haunted\\". Watching the music video to \\"Mine\\" compelled me to buy this collection because the song is both serious and happy at the same time.  The seriousness side is regarding the song's meaning where her and the person she falls in love with navigates the practical realities of life (where she sings about living together, and singing about paying the bills). The happy part is how the challenges of navigating this only brought them closer together (there is a part in the song where she sings about a fight at 230am, and just when she thought the relationship was over, he (the person she fell in love with) reassures her that he plans to stay with her even in spite of the challenges. This is why I say that \\"Mine\\" is a song that has a serious undertone, but is also happy and beautiful at the same time. Most of the songs on the cd are very good.  The only song that I have to admit that I must give more of a chance is \\"Last Kiss\\".  \\"Last Kiss\\" is ok, but is definitely a song that I would have to play more to enjoy (although there may be others reading this who are going to love \\"Last Kiss\\"). My favorite songs in this collection are \\"Enchanted\\", \\"Better Than Revenge\\", and \\"Sparks Fly\\". \\"Enchanted\\" is a very beautiful song about her developing intense feelings for someone that she connects to on a deep level who captivates her (hence her saying I was enchanted to meet you).  \\"Better Than Revenge\\" is a creative musical number about how people can be much more powerful and stronger than what they appear to be on the surface. Truthfully, Taylor does sing about taking revenge on another female that may have been unaware of her power and  more from an intent to give her a taste of her own medicine, (not from a physical or dangerous perspective). \\"Better Than Revenge\\" is a great musical pop, country, and rock hybrid (the guitar sounds used in the song are very enjoyable). However, my overall favorite song in this collection is the very happy, uplifting, and fun \\"Sparks Fly\\".  \\"Sparks Fly\\" is a fantastic song about how someone gives her the butterflies and a feeling of romantic excitement just from smiling at her. She sings this song so joyfully and passionately that you really get the sense of a happy soul singing about a person that makes her feel alive.  I say to definitely consider getting this collection if you like any of the following songs: \\"Teardrops on my Guitar\\", \\"Lovestory\\", and/or \\"Mine\\". Fortunately, she is going to perform in the area that I live the summer of 2011. I definitely intend to go to her concertave been unaware of her power and  more from an intent to give her a taste of her own medicine, (not from a physical or dangerous perspective). \\"Better Than Revenge\\" is a great musical pop, country, and rock hybrid (the guitar sounds used in the song are very enjoyable). However, my overall favorite song in this collection is the very happy, uplifting, and fun \\"Sparks Fly\\".  \\"Sparks Fly\\" is a fantastic song about how someone gives her the butterflies and a feeling of romantic excitement just from smiling at her. She sings this song so joyfully and passionately that you really get the sense of a happy soul singing about a person that makes her feel alive.  I say to definitely consider getting this collection if you like any of the following songs: \\"Teardrops on my Guitar\\", \\"Lovestory\\", and/or \\"Mine\\". Fortunately, she is going to perform in the area that I live the summer of 2011. I definitely intend to go to her concert
B002A9IZ9C|2.0|I wont bother to write a full review, as I think the reviews here describe it well enough. For the price it's a great flash. I used it both on and off the camera and I loved it very much.    The problem is the overall quality: after 6 months of amateur use (so no heavy flashing sessions) it simply died, some electronics inside burned out, during normal use. The flash is still semi working, it still flash on command, but only once (then it need to recharge) and at only one intensity.. So TTL doesnt work at all, as the only flash you see is the preflash. Manual mode works, but only one intensity, of course the strobe mode doesnt work anymore. The sub flash still works if you put it on.    Anyways you see the point, it died after 6 month. Now I'm in the long and lenghty process of getting it replaced.. I didn't buy on Amazon by the way so this is in no way a review of their warranty policy.    But usually if it dies once to some electronic problem they can all have this same problem..
1416550550|5.0|Kate Morton has outdone herself with this second novel.  It's a lovely story of women, relationships, redemption and healing. This woman can tell stories with the best of the great story tellers and I can't wait to read her third.  I'm off to order it now.
B00328G4XY|5.0|Juat a great album but if you have the 93 remaster or latter i think thats about as good as it gets recording wise but it comes in a nifty tri fold case and with a dvd.
142314189X|4.0|This was a gift for an eleven year old who loves to read.  She enjoyed the books but found that they are a little young for her
B0042RUMIW|5.0|Sting is an amazing talent.  I have been a fan of his music dating back to when he was lead singer in \\"The Police.\\"  I like Sting because his songs tell very emotional and visual stories.  Many of them have a theatrical impact like monologues set to music.  I have also always been amazed with the power and range of Sting's singing voice.  He sings in such a high vocal range that one would expect him to slip into falsetto but he doesn't.  He has great stamina and perfect pitch.  He is accompanied by the Royal Philharmonic Concert Orchestra and they are magnificent.  It is thrilling to watch the conductor Steven Mercurio with his intense and physical conducting style - very vibrant. The arrangements of Sting's music set to full blown orchestration, and him singing each one of them with absolute vocal clarity, and adding his formidable acting ability to the stunning performance just blew me away.  I felt like I was watching a live theatre piece set to music.  It was definitely a new experience for me.<br /><br />The DVD  visuals look great and the audio is crisp and clear.  I have an above average Home Theater system and I used it to watch the concert.  I was at home all by my lonesome and all the neighbors in the apartment unit were out of town; so I sat myself down in the middle of my room encircled by 5.1 Dolby Surround, and I pumped up the volume.  It was like I was in Berlin watching from the front row.  If I had been in the actual audience I would have been up on my feet for the entire concert, but the Berlin audience on the DVD seemed zombie-like and only capable of enjoying the show while seated.  I hollered at them through the television a few times telling them to fricking get up out of their chairs but I don't think I anybody heard me.  But all joking aside;  I highly recommend this DVD to people that appreciate the talent of Sting because after viewing this concert you will appreciate him even more.
077106506X|5.0|Alice Munro is the queen of the short story genre.  I have read other collections of her stories, but this one is memorable.  It is a worthy winner of the prestigious Giller prize.  Her stories seem so straight forward and simple at first glance, but as you finish each story, you realize that there is a complexity there and it forces you to go back an rethink the story again.  These stories are all very good, but my particular favourite was \\"Trespass\\".  It almost took my breath away with it's hidden meanings and nuances.  I usually do not read short stories, but I make an exception with Alice Munro.  Hers are absolutely wonderful!
B0041KBWM0|5.0|If you are a Jane Austen buff and have read every book and seen every film version of those books - you MUST see this Masterpiece Theater version of Emma! Superbly cast, acted, directed and filmed on location - this is among my new favorites! Bravo!
B003Z0D4SM|5.0|This book is a marvelous read. Never before was I ever enthralled with a book, the twists and turns, and much better than the subsequent movie.  If you have never read it, it is a must.
B001IFZL50|5.0|I bought this DVD set for my husband for christmas.  I don't typically watch these types of shows, but I'm sucked into it and loving it.  Great present for the men in your life.
1401923119|5.0|This book brough it home for me...absolutelly proves that thought, thinking are directly connected to our bodies or Health and Healing.  Though parts of the book I am sure were better understood by Collage  Minds,,,I was able to find( much needed) condermation  of the mind  body connection...Dr Bruce Lipton is a Magnificient teacher and  Author...I loved the Book...Sincerly Mrs Carmen Balko
B003FSTN7A|4.0|Medium is one of my favorite shows , im so upset that it is now being cancelled midway thru season 7. I took off one star because the disc would not play all the shows. I have never had this happen before and reading the policy it states your cannot return movie or tv discs that have been opened so there is no way to exchange it for one that plays all the shows. I bought it brand new at 40 dollars from amazon so it is very disappointing.
B003XHLIUS|5.0|bought this for my 10 year old grandson cameron. he loved/loves it. he really enjoys putting all his predators together and playin w/them. thanks i wil order frm this company again. i recieved the book on date promise and in good condition.thanks
B0026P40NU|3.0|Series is not bad, although not fantastic.  Dialog is generally clever and snappy, acting is solid, characters - and their interactions with each - are, for the most part, just not as interesting as the description makes them out to be.
030746363X|5.0|This is one great book. Not just another diet/fitness fad book. Lots of great information that's really helpful and very well written.<br /><br />A book about health, fitness, and diet is never a good read... Except for this one! I literally read and reread it over a long weekend. I should mention I have lost 11 lbs in two weeks and feel great.<br /><br />BUY THIS BOOK!
B003L77TZI|5.0|Bought this CD for my daughter and now such a classic. It's a great collection that I like to listen to it also.
B001AQO3QA|5.0|I have always loved the Aliens movies. I believe that Aliens was the first one I had watched and I loved it. I was in middle school. I continued to watch that movie every chance I got. I also loved the first one after seeing Aliens more that one. I was never disappointed whenever I put those VHS tapes in.<br /><br />However, they all were released on blu-ray and I was ecstatic. Seeing movies I loved growing up were now in the best format possible with all of the special features available.<br /><br />Until I tried playing them. I live in America, bought it from Amazon USA and expected no problems. Everytime I try to play these movies I get the red screen that says \\"An update is required for your blu ray player in order for this disc to play\\". I called 20th century fox about the problem. They told be to delete the BD data folder because competitors sometimes install codes on their discs that could prevent discs from other companies to play on the PS3. I did that and the movies still did not play. And yes, my PS3 has the latest firmware. Right now it's at v 3.55. After that didnt work I called a second time and the person had no other solution for me. She also mentioned that there had been no none other issues with these blu ray discs which eliminates a random manufacturing flaw.<br /><br />That did not work so I called back and they told me that I would have to call Sony. I called Sony and they were very thorough with their troubleshooting which seemed promising. I did everything they mentioned. The final task was completely rebooting the PS3 and reinstalling the software. I was really excited because I had exhausted all other possibilities and assumed that since no one else had complained about this movie package that it would have fixed it. Unfortunately, no. I reinstalled the entire software yet the movies still don't work.<br /><br />Avatar (which is also distributed by Fox) does not work. It's obvious that it's a firmware issue because when I bought Avatar backin October, it played just fine. Then after I upgraded the PS3 to v 3.55, it no longer works.<br /><br />If anyone has any solution, please comment. I have been wanting to watch these movies for several weeks now and its really unfortunate that neither the blu-ray manufacturer (Sony) nor the movie distribution company (20th Century Fox) has a solution.<br /><br />Nov/11 Update: I'm pretty late posting this, but now my PS3 plays this set just fine. One of the recent firmware updates fixed it. Who knows.
B004FTVUH4|1.0|Completely dissatisfied with this new show. Shane West is awful. Maggie is passable, but not convincing as a kick ass spy, don't care if she does her own stunts she have a very fragile appearance. It does have nice effects, but I don't see chemistry and acting is really mediocre. Let's see it may pick up for the second season, but their ratings are very low anyway.
B004G6009K|4.0|\\"Tangled\\" continues the rich Disney tradition of adapting age-old fairy tales to the big screen. As with most of their animated films, they start with a well-worn fairy tale, in this case \\"Rapunzel\\" by the Brothers Grimm, make it a little more modern, add some songs, in this case, all pretty forgettable, and toss in some amusing sidekicks. The twist on this \\"Princess\\" (I hope Disney doesn't have the word trademarked) tale is the addition of a male hero who has as much, if not more, screen time as Rapunzel. And, of course, the film is presented in 3-D, which now seems to be required of all animated features.<br /><br />\\"Tangled\\" follows a tried and true formula, the same formula that helps make \\"The Little Mermaid\\" and \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" such classics. John Lasseter, the force behind Pixar, is now in charge of both Disney and Pixar. Thank goodness he recognizes that this formula is necessary and has resurrected it. Disney films will only benefit; they once again have a zippier, funnier pace, more wild and funnier sidekicks and better lead characters. Strangely, these are all of the same things Pixar films are known for.<br /><br />One of the first things Lasseter did when he took the reigns was to revitalize the animation wing of Disney. How could anyone with even an inkling of childhood magic left within them let such a magical institution lapse? They were no longer going to produce 2-D animation, but Lasseter changed course and the company made \\"The Princess and the Frog\\", introducing Disney's first African-American princess. \\"Frog\\" is a lively film set in New Orleans in the 20s featuring a lively, eclectic score. It is a very good film but it is also considered a financial flop. I hope they will continue to make more films in the traditional way. It often creates a much more artistically superior film. They just need to ramp up the creative juices and come up with the next \\"Little Mermaid\\"-esque hit.<br /><br />Next up, \\"Rapunzel\\"... er, \\"Tangled\\" which really shows a lot of Lasseter's influence. While the characters have that classic Disney look, they are created by CGI. But this CGI is actually really good. The animation gives everything a rich, full quality, almost as though you are watching a 3-D film without the glasses. The wild and wacky quotient has been upped, giving Rapunzel and Flynn Ryder an assortment of funny supporting characters. Most of these take the form of a group of traveling marauders the heroes encounter at an alehouse. Ron Perlman, Brad Garret, Richard Kiel (Jaws from the James Bond films), MC Gainey and others give these characters voice. There is also a little drunk man who frequently appears with wings and a harp. It sounds strange, but the bizarre quality of some of the characters helps the story move along at a fast, refreshing pace.<br /><br />The one thing Lasseter seems to have been unable to help is the handful of forgettable songs included throughout. But then again, the Pixar films aren't known for their songs either. I honestly can't remember a single lyric which is shameful given they were all composed by Alan Menken, one half of the duo who made \\"Mermaid\\", \\"Beast\\" and \\"The Lion King\\" so memorable. Mr. Lasseter, if you can't create enough memorable songs, leave them out all together. A bunch of forgettable songs stick out for all of the wrong reasons.<br /><br />Also, leaving the songs out might prevent you from using pop music stars that provide less than memorable voice work for the lead character. Yes, I'm talking about you Mandy Moore.<br /><br />Because of the perceived mixed reaction to \\"The Princess and the Frog\\", the focus of the story was shifted to feature more of the dashing hero, Flynn Ryder (Zach Levi, TV's \\"Chuck\\"), a bandit marauding through the kingdom, trying to get his hands on anything valuable. Given the \\"Princess\\" phenomenon at the Disney marketing machine, they need to have a pretty young girl at the center of the story, but in an effort to also attract young boys, Flynn becomes the narrator of the story and our guide.<br /><br />After stealing a crown, Flynn runs from the royal guard and soon finds himself in the middle of the glen, deep in the forest, looking at a tall tower. He climbs to the chamber sitting at the top and feels he is safe. But he is quickly knocked out. When he comes to, he realizes Rapunzel, a teenager with seventy-foot long hair, has captured him. Rapunzel lives in the tower with Mother Gothel (Donna Murphy), who is away, and the young lady has never left the tower. Flynn desperately searches for his satchel (and the crown) and learns Rapunzel has hidden it. Her ransom? She wants Flynn to take her to see the floating lights that appear every year on her birthday. If he does this, he will get his satchel back. He reluctantly agrees and they are off. Shortly thereafter, Mother Gothel returns and panics. She has her own selfish reasons for keeping Rapunzel in the tower. Along the way, Flynn and Rapunzel run into an odd assortment of characters.<br /><br />\\"Tangled\\" is beautiful to watch, funny, moving at times and a worthy addition to the Disney tradition. Too bad they couldn't come up with more memorable songs to add to the magic.<br /><br />I really, truly hope this is the beginning of a new renaissance at Disney. It would be so nice to start to see some films that can once again rival the magic of the more recent classics \\"\\"Mermaid\\", \\"Beast\\", \\"Lion King\\". It would be even more spectacular to see some films that might be able to rival the original classics \\"Snow White\\", \\"Pinocchio\\", \\"Bambi\\", \\"Lady and the Tramp\\", \\"Cinderella\\". If anyone can pull this off, it is Lasseter.ur guide.    After stealing a crown, Flynn runs from the royal guard and soon finds himself in the middle of the glen, deep in the forest, looking at a tall tower. He climbs to the chamber sitting at the top and feels he is safe. But he is quickly knocked out. When he comes to, he realizes Rapunzel, a teenager with seventy-foot long hair, has captured him. Rapunzel lives in the tower with Mother Gothel (Donna Murphy), who is away, and the young lady has never left the tower. Flynn desperately searches for his satchel (and the crown) and learns Rapunzel has hidden it. Her ransom? She wants Flynn to take her to see the floating lights that appear every year on her birthday. If he does this, he will get his satchel back. He reluctantly agrees and they are off. Shortly thereafter, Mother Gothel returns and panics. She has her own selfish reasons for keeping Rapunzel in the tower. Along the way, Flynn and Rapunzel run into an odd assortment of characters.    \\"Tangled\\" is beautiful to watch, funny, moving at times and a worthy addition to the Disney tradition. Too bad they couldn't come up with more memorable songs to add to the magic.    I really, truly hope this is the beginning of a new renaissance at Disney. It would be so nice to start to see some films that can once again rival the magic of the more recent classics \\"\\"Mermaid\\", \\"Beast\\", \\"Lion King\\". It would be even more spectacular to see some films that might be able to rival the original classics \\"Snow White\\", \\"Pinocchio\\", \\"Bambi\\", \\"Lady and the Tramp\\", \\"Cinderella\\". If anyone can pull this off, it is Lasseter.
B003UYUP58|4.0|Mukherjee did a very nice job of combining the history of cancer \\"treatment\\" and recent medical developments in the field under one title.  I had heard 2-3 podcasts with the author late this fall and added the book to my list because of the way he described his work in these interviews.  Mukherjee has the writing talent to take what could turn into an overwhelming work of science and make it accessible to a wider audience by spending the first half of the book on the human side of cancern by looking at its impact and treatment history centered on Sidney Farber in Boston in the mid-20th century.      He then added a great deal of hard science (or at least it was hard science to me as a liberal arts grad) by discussing the medical developments of the last 25- 30 years with the isolation of ocogenes and the pharmaceutical treatments that have come from those developments.  Frankly, if the book started with this cell biology, I likely would have put it down and not come back as the density of the science and names of the scientists did pile on for a few sections.  However, his plan to engage you in the human story before bringing on the science keeps the reader engaged through the challenging sections.    Overall, the biggest take away from me came from his emphasis that cancer is not a singular disease, but rather an umbrella that encompasses multiple, diverse afflictions that can attack different parts of the body, with different intensities and with highly variable rates of morbidity.  That single point re-shaped the way that you react when hearing about a \\"cure for cancer\\" by knowing that no single treatment, drug or \\"cure\\" will be possible for such a diverse set of diseases.
B0041KKYEM|5.0|\\"Black Swan\\", the new film from director Darren Aronofsky (\\"The Wrestler\\". \\"Requiem for a Dream\\", \\"Pi\\") tells the story of a young ballerina desperate to play the lead in the company's new production of \\"Swan Lake\\". The film provides the opportunity for Natalie Portman to turn in a tour-de-force performance, easily the best in her career/<br /><br />When actors take on new roles, my romantic notions of the film industry try to take over and I like to think they do so for \\"the challenge\\". They want to try something new, to challenge themselves to create a completely different character. Hopefully, they will lose themselves in the role and come close to making something they are proud of, something the public will remember for the ages. Obviously, this rarely happens, but it is an ideal a lot of actors strive for. But the very concept of \\"Movie Star\\" works against the possibility. As an actor's star rises, they become more and more recognizable, making it more difficult for them to lose themselves in a particular role. Fame steps in and it becomes all about opening your film at #1 to justify your next $20 million paycheck. It becomes all about becoming the next Will Smith or Bruce Willis. Then it all becomes about maintaining that status with one blockbuster after another.<br /><br />It is, at first, refreshing to watch \\"Black Swan\\" and watch Natalie Portman lose herself as she portrays Nina Sayers, the young ballerina. As you watch Nina deal with all of the pressure in her life, you frequently forget you are watching the actress, she goes through so many difficult emotions it is almost remarkable we believe in her portrayal of this character. The role could easily shift into \\"over the top\\" mode, but Portman shows a fine restraint.<br /><br />Then, as we begin to get lost in the role with her, and we begin to share her feelings and experience what she is going through, we begin to feel unsettled. We feel her pain, her desperation, her paranoia and we realize the film is pushing us into this unsettling world, making us a bigger part of Nina's life.<br /><br />\\"Black Swan\\" is about Sayer's obsessions. She has worked all of her life as a ballerina and desperately wants to play the lead. She is the most dedicated dancer, as her mother (Barbara Hershey) comments, and can perform all of the moves perfectly, as Tomas (Vincent Cassel), the company's director notes frequently, but he wants a lead who can also portray the passion necessary for the role. He wants someone who can play both the White Swan and her evil twin, the Black Swan. And to get the performance he wants, he is willing to go employ some unorthodox methods. Can he control her? Can he coax the right performance from her? Can he seduce her? Can he awaken her passion, sensuality and sexuality?<br /><br />As the pressure on Nina increases, her fears and paranoia grow. A new girl arrives at the company just before Nina wins the coveted role. But Nina notices Lily right away; shortly after she arrives, Nina and Tomas watch Lily practice and she exhibits exactly the type of uninhibited moves the director wants. From that moment, Lily appears to be both supportive and a back-stabber, her attitude and manner seem to change every moment.<br /><br />Nina still lives with her mom (Hershey) who is extremely supportive and protective, maybe too supportive and protective.  She dotes on her daughter because she has the chance she never had as a ballerina. Nina lives in her childhood bedroom and it looks like it could be a time capsule, twin bed, flowery sheets, and stuffed animals. All of this points to a young woman who has a lack of maturity and this will help lead to her paranoia.<br /><br />And Nina also becomes a little unhinged when she witnesses the treatment of Beth McIntyre (Winona Ryder), the previous star of the company. It is very clear Beth doesn't want to relinquish the starring role in any production, but she doesn't have any say in the matter. Nina recognizes that she isascending because Beth is on the way out, but she still idolizes the older ballerina, to a certain extent. Beth's life enters a downward spiral and Nina watches everything with great interest. At first, she is fascinated by Beth's actions and then she quickly becomes alarmed.<br /><br />Darren Aronofsky is a unique director. He clearly works on projects that interest him and he creates unusual, intense films, films that may not be everyone's cup of tea or reach a large audience. Good for him. If every director only worked on projects that inspire them, films would be a lot better. If people are working on projects that impassion them, they are bound to make a better film.<br /><br />\\"Black Swan\\" is not a film that everyone will want to see. The film's backdrop of a ballet company is sure to turn away many potential fans. But Aronofsky uses this as the perfect backdrop for his portrait of obsession and claustrophobia. As we get to know Nina, see her watch everyone else, it becomes pretty clear that she is pretty nervous. She wants and needs to become the star, but once she does, she becomes afraid of losing this role to the new girl in the company. Every time she turns around, she senses Lily is watching her. Is she laughing at her? Does she want the lead in the production? Nina decides Lily is someone she should watch, to be aware of her, but also because she is someone who intrigues the young ballerina.<br /><br />Because the company is small, most of the practice space and backstage area is also small. The bulk of the property is for the theater. So the ballerina's spend a lot of time in very little space, practicing their moves, learning the roles. As Nina becomes more obsessed and consumed, the walls seem to close in on her. It doesn't help that she lives in a small apartment with her mother, sometimes confining herself to her own small room. And because they live in New York, everything seems pushed in. To further emphasize the point, the camera always seems close to people and even then, a lot of people seem to be fluttering around the edges.<br /><br />As Nina becomes more unhinged, Lily suggests she let herself go, experience a little sexual awakening. Nina seems to latch on this as a way of helping her become the Black Swan, to help her become less inhibited. Tomas seems to tell her as much. So as she becomes obsessive about the role, about the performance, she also starts to unleash this part of her personality, underdeveloped as it is, and this only adds to the confusion and stress her character experiences.<br /><br />I really liked \\"Black Swan\\". The director and lead were able to do something few can, fully immerse the viewer in the life of a character. It has some problems, most notably a couple of scenes in which Winona Ryder chews the scenery, but they aren't enough to detract from the overall experience.idolizes the older ballerina, to a certain extent. Beth's life enters a downward spiral and Nina watches everything with great interest. At first, she is fascinated by Beth's actions and then she quickly becomes alarmed.    Darren Aronofsky is a unique director. He clearly works on projects that interest him and he creates unusual, intense films, films that may not be everyone's cup of tea or reach a large audience. Good for him. If every director only worked on projects that inspire them, films would be a lot better. If people are working on projects that impassion them, they are bound to make a better film.    \\"Black Swan\\" is not a film that everyone will want to see. The film's backdrop of a ballet company is sure to turn away many potential fans. But Aronofsky uses this as the perfect backdrop for his portrait of obsession and claustrophobia. As we get to know Nina, see her watch everyone else, it becomes pretty clear that she is pretty nervous. She wants and needs to become the star, but once she does, she becomes afraid of losing this role to the new girl in the company. Every time she turns around, she senses Lily is watching her. Is she laughing at her? Does she want the lead in the production? Nina decides Lily is someone she should watch, to be aware of her, but also because she is someone who intrigues the young ballerina.    Because the company is small, most of the practice space and backstage area is also small. The bulk of the property is for the theater. So the ballerina's spend a lot of time in very little space, practicing their moves, learning the roles. As Nina becomes more obsessed and consumed, the walls seem to close in on her. It doesn't help that she lives in a small apartment with her mother, sometimes confining herself to her own small room. And because they live in New York, everything seems pushed in. To further emphasize the point, the camera always seems close to people and even then, a lot of people seem to be fluttering around the edges.    As Nina becomes more unhinged, Lily suggests she let herself go, experience a little sexual awakening. Nina seems to latch on this as a way of helping her become the Black Swan, to help her become less inhibited. Tomas seems to tell her as much. So as she becomes obsessive about the role, about the performance, she also starts to unleash this part of her personality, underdeveloped as it is, and this only adds to the confusion and stress her character experiences.    I really liked \\"Black Swan\\". The director and lead were able to do something few can, fully immerse the viewer in the life of a character. It has some problems, most notably a couple of scenes in which Winona Ryder chews the scenery, but they aren't enough to detract from the overall experience.
B00005JKQ6|5.0|Generally dismissed by critics and ignored by the public when it was first released in 1968, \\"The Swimmer\\" has since developed a small but fervent cult following and is now considered a minor classic.  The film's enhanced reputation is well-deserved: it boasts a pungent and literate script by Eleanor Perry based on a story by John Cheever; taut direction by Frank Perry (with an uncredited assist from Sydney Pollack); exquisite cinematography by David L. Quaid; and excellent performances by a large and diverse cast headed by Burt Lancaster in an acting tour de force.  The star is ably supported by veteran players Janice Rule, Kim Hunter, Jan Miner, and Cornelia Otis Skinner; newcomer Janet Landgard; and - in a small but effective dramatic turn - comedienne Joan Rivers.<br /><br />Lancaster, whose fabled film career included award-winning performances in such acclaimed films as \\"From Here to Eternity\\", \\"The Rose Tattoo\\", \\"Separate Tables\\", \\"Elmer Gantry\\", \\"The Birdman of Alcatraz\\", \\"The Leopard\\", \\"Atlantic City\\", and dozens more, was frequently asked by interviewers to name his favorite among his credits.  Although his answers tended to vary, it's hardly surprising that he often singled out the role of Ned Merrill in \\"The Swimmer\\" as his best.  Lancaster is on screen, dominating the action, throughout the film's 95 minute running time, and the part emphasizes his best attributes as an actor - namely his commanding physical presence, his remarkable athletic ability, and his talent for playing charmingly glib characters whose surface simplicity eventually peels away to reveal complex, dark undertones.  Lancaster is perfect in the role of a middle-aged suburban resident who decides to return to his home by swimming across his neighbors' pools; along the way, his character's defenses are washed away through his interactions with the people from his past that he encounters.  By the end of his journey, all of Ned Merrill's artifice has been stripped away, leaving him completely raw and vulnerable.  The last scene of the film is unexpectedly shattering, resolving some major plot points while leaving some tantalizing loose ends for the audience to ponder.  No wonder the film's tagline was, \\"When you talk about 'The Swimmer', will you talk about yourself?\\"<br /><br />Highly recommended to audiences who enjoy intricate character studies and students of American values and mores in the late 1960's, \\"The Swimmer\\" is particularly a must-see for fans of Burt Lancaster and those who enjoy discovering little \\"sleeper\\" hits from years past.and vulnerable.  The last scene of the film is unexpectedly shattering, resolving some major plot points while leaving some tantalizing loose ends for the audience to ponder.  No wonder the film's tagline was, \\"When you talk about 'The Swimmer', will you talk about yourself?\\"    Highly recommended to audiences who enjoy intricate character studies and students of American values and mores in the late 1960's, \\"The Swimmer\\" is particularly a must-see for fans of Burt Lancaster and those who enjoy discovering little \\"sleeper\\" hits from years past.
B002ZG99QS|4.0|I remember not liking \\"Tron\\" when I saw it during the original release. The story seemed too simplistic and I didn't appreciate the \\"cutting edge\\" graphics. When I first heard Disney was making a sequel, some twenty plus years later, I was surprised. I didn't remember the original being very successful. Apparently, it became a 'cult favorite' and this prompted a big budget revisit to the Grid. As the buzz for the new film began, it became clear Disney was putting a lot into and behind this new film. Producing the film in 3-D is a no-brainer, but they have also been showing clips and building buzz at every comic book convention for what seems like years. Does all of this effort and trouble create a film worth watching?<br /><br />Yes. In fact, I really enjoyed \\"Tron: Legacy\\" and with the exception of two problematic areas, would give it a 4 ½ star rating.<br /><br />The new film begins with a prologue. Sam Flynn clearly idolizes his dad, Kevin (Jeff Bridges), the visionary head of a software company, who fills his son's head with stories of \\"The Grid\\". But Kevin disappears, leaving Sam in the care of his grandparents. Flash forward twenty years and Sam (Garrett Hedlund, the soon to be released \\"Country Strong\\", the younger brother in \\"Four Brothers\\") is now living on the proceeds of the company he refuses to run. Given the fact he dislikes the direction the company is going, Alan Bradley (Bruce Boxleitner), doesn't understand why he doesn't take control and start to build the company again. Alan tells Sam he received a page from Kevin, from the phone number of his old arcade, long since closed down. Sam becomes intrigued and visits the dusty arcade, finding a hidden room. Before you can say \\"Reboot\\", Sam ends up on the Grid and quickly gets thrust into a battle with other programs, all of whom are fighting to stay alive. He quickly attracts the attention of Clu (Bridges), a computer program who has taken over the development of the Grid; Sam has something Clu thinks will help him take control. And he wants it. He wants it bad. Quorra (Olivia Wilde, TV's \\"House\\", \\"The Next Three Days\\", the upcoming \\"Cowboys Vs. Aliens\\") sweeps in and saves Sam, taking him to meet his long lost father, Kevin, who now lives far off the Grid. Apparently Clu has plans to take over the Grid and eventually the outside world. Naturally, Kevin, Sam and Quorra have to stop him.<br /><br />Directed by Joseph Kosinski, a video game designer, and written by Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz (Executive Producers and Writers on \\"Lost\\"), \\"Tron: Legacy\\" is more engaging, better looking and more gratifying than the original. It is also unnecessarily complicated.<br /><br />Following the prologue, the filmmakers immediately thrust us into the action along with Sam. The young Flynn is a playboy and spends his time coming up with elaborate \\"Mission: Impossible\\" - like pranks to play on his dad's company. Immediately after he enters the Grid, he is forced into a battle with other programs and as soon as that begins to sink into our subconscious, he is thrust into a race and he begins racing around, trying to avoid those solid light streams which can destroy your speeder. These three sequences are pretty terrific and happen so quickly the pacing could almost be labeled relentless. This is a good thing in an action film; you never want to be bored. But once these segments play out, it almost seems as if the filmmakers have shot their wad. The next third of the film seems to be almost completely exposition and everything slows down considerably. This bit is also capped off by the three leads riding a slow moving transport vehicle, while talking about the past. It literally brings the film to a dead stop. Unfortunately, what they discuss doesn't really seem all that engaging or make a terrific amount of sense which helps put the brakes on the action. When this segment is over, the movement has to begin anew and it takes a while for everything to ramp up again. It just never seems to pick up the momentum.<br /><br />There is a lot of discussion about Clu taking over the Grid and his plans to take control of other things, other areas. There is also some discussion about the role both Sam and Quorra play in all of this. Unfortunately, it doesn't make a lot of sense. Because we don't (can't?) understand it, it seems to take even more time to explain it. At this point in the film, we don't need something to slow things down even more.<br /><br />The scenes in the beginning and end, pre-Grid, are all terrific looking and moody. Taking place entirely at night, Sam is a lone warrior, devising and executing elaborate pranks. This is his way of reacting to the way his father's company is now being run. Yet, these actions also point to his immaturity and need for connection with his long lost father. The darkness is a literal reflection of Sam's mood and a mirror to how the Grid looks. These scenes also appear to have the 3-D toned down.<br /><br />When Sam hits the Grid, everything pops into 3-D. This is a nice tough because it helps to make this world stand out and seem more interesting and unusual.<br /><br />The filmmakers have taken the familiar graphic elements of the first film and streamlined them, making them more modern and interesting. When I watched the first film, it felt like a film that would be cutting edge ten years earlier. \\"Legacy\\" feels like it embraces the current limits of the technology. The action scenes are really terrific to watch, especially the chase across the Grid. Much like the first film, the vehicles emit a light trail, which they need to avoid. But in this new film, these trails seem more fluid and natural, less rigid and angular.<br /><br />In \\"Legacy\\", Clu, Kevin Flynn's alter ego is also played by Jeff Bridges, but because he is a computer program, he doesn't age. Using CGI, the filmmakers have created a facsimile of Bridges during the mid-80s. It is an interesting technique but would be better served in small doses. As it is, Clu pops up a lot and has long conversations with other characters. The more this CGI representation of Bridges speaks, the more unrealistic he seems, his mouth just seems wrong. If he stayed in his universe, it would be more acceptable. But the filmmakers also use this same technique to recreate Kevin during the prologue. Honestly, the young Sam should have nightmares about his creepy father.<br /><br />James Frain (HBO's \\"True Blood\\") and Michael Sheen (\\"Twilight\\", \\"Frost/ Nixon\\", \\"The Queen\\") pop up as two programs on the Grid. Frain is a little more interesting simply because he seems more subtle and human like. Sheen's Zuse is an over-the-top character who does some serious scenery chewing.<br /><br />Garrett Hedlund is good and believable as a young man who would be successful navigating the Grid, a foreign universe to most of us. When Sam and Kevin reunite, Hedlund is able to make us believe in what we are watching, a young man happy to be reunited with his long-lost dad. But he is also confused by all of the emotions running through his mind..<br /><br />Jeff Bridges returns to this big-screen reboot, playing both Kevin Flynn and Clu. I like the fact Bridges is able to keep some of his own mannerisms and dialect to portray this character. No one is going to forget it is Bridges, so allowing him to integrate himself into the role makes it a lot more fun.<br /><br />I enjoyed \\"Tron: Legacy\\" much more than I thought I would. It is also a terrific use of the new 3D technology, creating eye-popping visuals enhancing already enjoyable action scenes.m.    There is a lot of discussion about Clu taking over the Grid and his plans to take control of other things, other areas. There is also some discussion about the role both Sam and Quorra play in all of this. Unfortunately, it doesn't make a lot of sense. Because we don't (can't?) understand it, it seems to take even more time to explain it. At this point in the film, we don't need something to slow things down even more.    The scenes in the beginning and end, pre-Grid, are all terrific looking and moody. Taking place entirely at night, Sam is a lone warrior, devising and executing elaborate pranks. This is his way of reacting to the way his father's company is now being run. Yet, these actions also point to his immaturity and need for connection with his long lost father. The darkness is a literal reflection of Sam's mood and a mirror to how the Grid looks. These scenes also appear to have the 3-D toned down.    When Sam hits the Grid, everything pops into 3-D. This is a nice tough because it helps to make this world stand out and seem more interesting and unusual.    The filmmakers have taken the familiar graphic elements of the first film and streamlined them, making them more modern and interesting. When I watched the first film, it felt like a film that would be cutting edge ten years earlier. \\"Legacy\\" feels like it embraces the current limits of the technology. The action scenes are really terrific to watch, especially the chase across the Grid. Much like the first film, the vehicles emit a light trail, which they need to avoid. But in this new film, these trails seem more fluid and natural, less rigid and angular.    In \\"Legacy\\", Clu, Kevin Flynn's alter ego is also played by Jeff Bridges, but because he is a computer program, he doesn't age. Using CGI, the filmmakers have created a facsimile of Bridges during the mid-80s. It is an interesting technique but would be better served in small doses. As it is, Clu pops up a lot and has long conversations withother characters. The more this CGI representation of Bridges speaks, the more unrealistic he seems, his mouth just seems wrong. If he stayed in his universe, it would be more acceptable. But the filmmakers also use this same technique to recreate Kevin during the prologue. Honestly, the young Sam should have nightmares about his creepy father.    James Frain (HBO's \\"True Blood\\") and Michael Sheen (\\"Twilight\\", \\"Frost/ Nixon\\", \\"The Queen\\") pop up as two programs on the Grid. Frain is a little more interesting simply because he seems more subtle and human like. Sheen's Zuse is an over-the-top character who does some serious scenery chewing.    Garrett Hedlund is good and believable as a young man who would be successful navigating the Grid, a foreign universe to most of us. When Sam and Kevin reunite, Hedlund is able to make us believe in what we are watching, a young man happy to be reunited with his long-lost dad. But he is also confused by all of the emotions running through his mind..    Jeff Bridges returns to this big-screen reboot, playing both Kevin Flynn and Clu. I like the fact Bridges is able to keep some of his own mannerisms and dialect to portray this character. No one is going to forget it is Bridges, so allowing him to integrate himself into the role makes it a lot more fun.    I enjoyed \\"Tron: Legacy\\" much more than I thought I would. It is also a terrific use of the new 3D technology, creating eye-popping visuals enhancing already enjoyable action scenes.
B002JVWRAO|5.0|Supernatural is AWESOME!!! you can't go wrong with this series,I highly recommend it. Jensen and Jared have the perfect on screen balance.
B001UV4XHY|4.0|Sad days lay ahead now that the \\"Harry Potter\\" saga is coming to an end.<br /><br />There isn't anything else like it now (\\"Twilight\\"? Please!) and it seems doubtful anything else will be able to match it for some time to come. Author JK Rowling created a series of highly imaginative books introducing us to a bevy of unusual, interesting characters we have lived with for a long time, so long they seem like friends/ When the enormous success of the first few books led to the inevitable films, many die-hard fans were worried. Thankfully, the first two films were adequate, if uninspired. Beginning with the third film, the series takes on a darker personality, to match the tone of the books, and allowed a handful of more creative directors to create a movie series worthy of the imagination the books helped us conjure.<br /><br />Warner Bros. made the right decision to tell the story of the \\"Deathly Hallows\\" in two films. This frees Steve Kloves, the screenwriter of the entire series, and David Yates, the director of the last four films in the series, to tell as much of the story as humanly possible. Given \\"Part 1\\" runs close to 3 hours, they are covering a lot of the book. This is a refreshing change of pace as each of the previous film adaptations pared down the material, sacrificing characters, subplots, relationships.<br /><br />And much like the book, \\"Part 1\\" basically sets up \\"Part 2\\". It is basically an introduction to the conclusion, the set-up for the big finale, the epic battle between Harry Potter and Lord Voldemort. Some may feel there is too much exposition. I don't. It works and the filmmaking is top notch creating a thrilling chapter in the series.<br /><br />Picking up at what would be the beginning of Potter's final year at Hogwarts, Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Hermione (Emma Watson) and Ron (Rupert Grint) wait anxiously for their friends in the Order of the Phoenix. Soon everyone assembles at Harry's Muggle home and an elaborate plan is put in place to move Harry to a secure location and keep him out of the hands of Lord Voldemort (Ralph Fiennes). But Voldemort and his minions are hot on their path. Harry, Hermione and Ron quickly decide to flee to a secret place in the forest and hide out. They spend every moment trying to figure out how to find and destroy the remaining Horcruxes. Once these powerful mementos of Tom Riddle's life are gone, they believe He Who Must Not Be Named will be vulnerable and they stand a chance to defeat the enemy. But Voldemort is looking for some very different items, the Deathly Hallows, items he believes will help him defeat that pesky Potter.<br /><br />Yates and Kloves have done a remarkable job of building the story towards this inevitable dark climax. As the stakes rise, the danger increases matching the dark tone of the narrative. Given this series was originally written with pre-teens in mind, it is nice to see the filmmakers have not shied away from depicting these dark moments.<br /><br />Throughout the series, the three leads have grown both physically and as actors. Daniel Radcliffe creates a viable persona for Harry, giving him a human quality, real feelings, making us care and root for him. When his friends face danger on his behalf, we can see the pain on his face as he realizes the sacrifices others are making for him. Emma Watson continues to give Hermione a real depth. She has always been the smart one, the one who excels in her studies, and the one her friends turn to for a quick spell or an answer to a puzzle. But as she has grown into a young lady, threads of confusion have woven into her performance; she doesn't understand the power she holds over boys, but is only too willing to use this power when necessary. Rupert Grint has grown most of all. In the early days, his google eyes and incessant mugging made it almost impossible to watch him. Now, he is able to channel the real feelings and distractions any teenager might feel which make him seem more real and more interesting.<br /><br />The most disappointing thing about \\"Part 1\\" is something dictated by the book, so I am not sure the film should be faulted. The best thing about this series is the rich wealth of acting talent appearing in supporting roles as various wizards, witches and villains. Alan Rickman, the best throughout, plays the sly, sneaky and snarky Professor Severus Snape. It is great fun to watch him play the role, tailor-made for his talents, with such relish. Maggie Smith is very good as Professor McGonagall, the head of Harry's house and a defacto mother for the young wizard. Robbie Coltrane, Timothy Spall, Helena Bonham Carter, Emma Thompson, Jim Broadbent, Miranda Richardson, Brendan Gleeson, Richard Harris, Imelda Staunton, Kenneth Branagh, Bill Nighy, Gary Oldman, Julie Walters, Jason Isaacs, Fiona Shaw, Richard Griffiths and Michael Gambon, to name a very few, have all taken on roles and all have been memorable.<br /><br />Ralph Fiennes returns as Lord Voldemort, the ultimate bad guy. He Who Must Not Be Named is ready to battle the young wizard, his nemesis for all of these years. He is ready to take over the wizarding world, his power is growing, and he now has control of the Ministry of Magic and Hogwarts. Muggles should be very afraid.<br /><br />But in \\"Part 1\\", a significant portion of the film involves the three young friends hiding out in the forest, trying to figure things out. This involves a lot of talking and some arguing. Most of all, these moments keep us away from most of the British actors who lend their talents to and provide some of the most memorable moments in the series. While Radcliffe, Watson and Grint have all grown as actors, it is still far more interesting to watch them interact with a virtual who's-who of British cinema. Thankfully, many of these actors should play a more pivotal role in \\"Part 2\\".<br /><br />The \\"Harry Potter\\" franchise has been and will continue to be so lucrative for all involved it makes sense Warner Bros. has always been extremely careful with each film, creating one great film after another. \\"Part 1\\" is no exception and I think it may be one of the most beautiful in the series. From the moment we enter the wizarding world, everything looks real, beautiful and wonderful. The ability to make this world appear so real, as it basically sits on top of London, is no small feat. The film opens with an exciting chase, our attention focused on Harry as he rides in Hagrid's sidecar. The motorcycle roars through London traffic and at one point drives upside down in a tunnel. The motorcycle speeds through traffic and helps illustrate the danger our hero faces as he straddles these two worlds. The previously mentioned scenes of the trio in the forest and other natural locales are also beautiful, reflecting the harsh reality of a British winter. When the action moves to the Ministry of Magic, you feel as though your are entering the halls of a hallowed institution.<br /><br />I also enjoyed the Tale of the Deathly Hallows. Late in the film, Hermione finally has a moment to recount the story for Harry's benefit. As she narrates the fable, it is illustrated for us using a series of dark shadows, as though puppets are recreating the tale. This technique helps to give the story a children's book quality; the characters might be hand shadows or paper cutouts moving across a sepia background. It is a nice touch to further reinforce the fable nature of the story, a fable both Hermione and Ron heard as children. It almost feels as though we are watching the story unfold through Potter's eyes.<br /><br />The \\"Harry Potter\\" films are magical and as the series comes to a close, everyone has such high expectation for the last two films. If these expectations aren't met, they will feel disappointed. Originally, \\"Part 1\\" was going to be released in 3-D, which was exciting news; using this technique promised to bring the world in these films to life. But then Warner Bros. changed their plans and I learned these films weren't actually made in 3-D. They were going to retrofit the second to last film, the same technique used to help make \\"Clash of the Titans\\" the piece of crap it is. Thank goodness they changed their mind. \\"Clash\\" looks terrible, as though the film was made in the 50s using the original 3-D technology. The newest \\"Chronicles of Narnia\\" is also retrofitted and looks it. I have to wonder why they continue to do this and also why didn't they just make the film in 3-D to begin with? It boggles my mind to think they might have subjected \\"Part 1\\" to this process, creating a sub par entry in the series. As the second to last entry in the series, an awful experience would be a huge let down to the loyal fans and would leave a bad taste in their mouth.<br /><br />Hopefully, this common sense will prevail for \\"Part 2\\" as well.<br /><br />\\"Deathly Hallows Part 1\\" is a necessary step to \\"Part 2\\". It isn't the most memorable entry in the series, but it is very good. And my expectations for \\"Part 2\\" are very high.r another. \\"Part 1\\" is no exception and I think it may be one of the most beautiful in the series. From the moment we enter the wizarding world, everything looks real, beautiful and wonderful. The ability to make this world appear so real, as it basically sits on top of London, is no small feat. The film opens with an exciting chase, our attention focused on Harry as he rides in Hagrid's sidecar. The motorcycle roars through London traffic and at one point drives upside down in a tunnel. The motorcycle speeds through traffic and helps illustrate the danger our hero faces as he straddles these two worlds. The previously mentioned scenes of the trio in the forest and other natural locales are also beautiful, reflecting the harsh reality of a British winter. When the action moves to the Ministry of Magic, you feel as though your are entering the halls of a hallowed institution.    I also enjoyed the Tale of the Deathly Hallows. Late in the film, Hermione finally has a moment to recount the story for Harry's benefit. As she narrates the fable, it is illustrated for us using a series of dark shadows, as though puppets are recreating the tale. This technique helps to give the story a children's book quality; the characters might be hand shadows or paper cutouts moving across a sepia background. It is a nice touch to further reinforce the fable nature of the story, a fable both Hermione and Ron heard as children. It almost feels as though we are watching the story unfold through Potter's eyes.    The \\"Harry Potter\\" films are magical and as the series comes to a close, everyone has such high expectation for the last two films. If these expectations aren't met, they will feel disappointed. Originally, \\"Part 1\\" was going to be released in 3-D, which was exciting news; using this technique promised to bring the world in these films to life. But then Warner Bros. changed their plans and I learned these films weren't actually made in 3-D. They were going to retrofit the second to last film, the same technique used to help make \\"Clash of the Titans\\" the piece of crap it is. Thank goodness they changed their mind. \\"Clash\\" looks terrible, as though the film was made in the 50s using the original 3-D technology. The newest \\"Chronicles of Narnia\\" is also retrofitted and looks it. I have to wonder why they continue to do this and also why didn't they just make the film in 3-D to begin with? It boggles my mind to think they might have subjected \\"Part 1\\" to this process, creating a sub par entry in the series. As the second to last entry in the series, an awful experience would be a huge let down to the loyal fans and would leave a bad taste in their mouth.    Hopefully, this common sense will prevail for \\"Part 2\\" as well.    \\"Deathly Hallows Part 1\\" is a necessary step to \\"Part 2\\". It isn't the most memorable entry in the series, but it is very good. And my expectations for \\"Part 2\\" are very high.
0880793082|5.0|This version of the Thoth tarot has true reproduction of the beautiful colors of the artwork, unlike my copy of the larger deck with the green-bordered box, which has a greenish cast.  Plus, this deck has three different versions of the \\"Magus\\" card.  (I read on aeclectic.net that the color problems with the green-boxed edition have been improved.)
1572814349|5.0|Very nice images, good card stock, very easy to ready book for explanations - all being said a very nice product
0913866156|4.0|My copy of this deck has a greenish cast to the card colors, and does not reproduce the original paintings accurately.  The smaller deck in a box with a lavender border accurately reproduces the beautiful colors of the artwork.  (However I read on aeclectic.net that the color problem with this edition of the deck has been improved.)
0007281196|3.0|Art of Racing in the Rain is an easy read.  A very simple story (perhaps befitting a dog's view), which doesn't seem to have much to it.  It has a good moral message from within the racing metaphors and is reminiscent of Jonathan Livingston Seagull. But I wouldn't call it a great book by any means.
0061997811|5.0|This is an amazing and thoroughly enjoyable book. I saw this shrink wrapped at Barnes and Noble and wanted to buy it even without being able to see inside. 39.99 looked like a fair price from the cover art and size of the book. My wife cautioned me not to buy anything so close to Christmas and lo and behold Santa read my mind. I have a feeling Santa also had the good fortune of picking this up from Amazon for the affordable 25.69, which is a bargain in my mind.       For anyone who enjoys the Harry Potter books and/or movies this won't be a disappointment. It touches on most every event and character with a number of incredible reproductions to enjoy. Examples of this are the Marauders Map, a program from the Quidditch World Cup, actual candy boxes from Honeydukes (that can be assembled), potion labels and many, many others. The photography, summaries and interviews are already remarkable but these pull out items are what makes this book extra special.        The only downside is with so many locations, characters and events covered there isn't space to cover anything in great detail. But this is a small complaint since all the desired information is in the books and films. This isn't meant to be comprehensive but rather an overview or \\"memory book\\". And finally, not really a complaint but I wonder about it being released now with only part II of Deadly Hallows left unreleased and therefore not represented in the book. It doesn't exactly detract from the quality of the book but it does feel a little off finishing with the penultimate film in the series.       Perhaps there will be a revised version later with the added, final touches that includes the all important climax. If and when that happens I'll have to decide on keeping them both or purchasing the new volume and discarding the one I have now on my night stand.
0330449605|4.0|I really liked this book.  The story was engrossing and main characters interesting.  But parts of the plot weren't well-developed and changes in the main character were a little far-fetched.  The male characters are almost one-dimensional and not well portrayed -- a little more development there would have added greatly to the book.
0060936223|4.0|I confess that I never cared for the art of Patti Smith. I have a few of her albums, but I never play them, and when I saw her perform live, I thought she was merely trying to be the female Iggy, so I kept calling for \\"I Wanna Be Yer Dog.\\" (I hereby apologize for my juvenile behavior.) I thought even less of Robert Mapplethorpe, whose fame was really notoriety for having displayed some naughty photos and for having a remarkably elastic sphincter. (Maybe that's fine art, and maybe it's not.)<br /><br />So it was that I was in no hurry to pick-up \\"Just Kids,\\" and when I did, my intent was focused on ridicule rather than appreciation. Boy, was I ever wrong! Not since [[ASIN:0345476034 Await Your Reply]] has a book so completely turned me around, and my opinion of Ms. Smith has skyrocketed.<br /><br />The quality of the writing is superb throughout. There are neither defective sentences nor errant grammar (except for pg. 233, where it's obviously intentional). In a day when publishers consider proofreading and editing to be unnecessary expenses, to be able to produce a book of this quality is an accomplishment. Yeah, yeah -- she occasionally lapses into somewhat purple prose, but it's all heartfelt, and there's no artifice to it.  It's a beautiful story told with great love and emotion. Not quite up to the level of [[ASIN:1400079322 Louis de Berni&egrave;res,]] but that she can be compared with him is the highest praise I can offer.<br /><br />However, I have some questions. (I always have questions.)<br /><br />In the early chapters of \\"Just Kids\\" Ms. Smith states that she didn't smoke and so had to steal Mapplethorpe's cigarettes when she was to pose with one.  She also says that she took no drugs until late in her relationship, about 1973. Well, that's very nice, but when I saw her perform live in the 1970s, she told this story about how she and her girlfriend would take speed and drive around for hours following the lines of power corridors, all the while chain-smoking Gauloises cigarettes. (The second time I witnessed her tell this story, the car was a Corvette.)<br /><br />And in her early poem/rap, \\"Pis Factory,\\" she tells of taking a \\"big swig of Romilar\\" before confronting the straw boss. Now, that's a pretty heavy high (we call it \\"Robotrippin'\\" here), so was she telling the truth then, or is she telling the truth now?<br /><br />Furthermore, there is much in this book which makes me suspicious of writer's embellishment. If \\"Just Kids\\" is to believed, Ms. Smith is the most erudite person in the nation. She finds all these autographed first editions for practically free, and sells them at a handsome profit. I've been haunting bookstores for just as long, and I know a lot of book collectors, and I don't know anyone with such phenomenal luck.<br /><br />But more than anything, I look askance at her account of arriving in The Big Apple penniless, but meeting a protective flower child and quickly making her way into the inner circles of the city's celebrated intelligentsia. Yeah? Well, it so happens that, as all my friends emigrated to California, in the spring of 1968 I hitchhiked to NYC, and from the minute I stepped off the subway, I was continually harassed and threatened by rip-off artists, sociopaths, thugs and creeps. She tells of having to sleep in doorways or in the park, but each time I tried that, within twenty minutes, a hand would begin going through my pockets or trying to pull my trousers off. On two occasions, someone tried to remove the shoes from my feet. I had a small cardboard suitcase containing two pairs of socks, a plaid shirt, a street map and a notebook, but somebody stole it. Try sleeping in an alley, and within ten minutes a rat would scamper over your face, followed by more rats testing to see if you were dead enough to eat. I've never seen more rats in my life.<br /><br />The sidewalks of the Lower East Side were packed with thousands of vagrant kids (like me, like her), and at each corner there were parents handing out flyers and showing photos of their dear missing child.  Every street had a platoon of panhandlers demanding money. (\\"Spare change? Spare change? Help me out bro'. Hey! DON'T WALK AWAY. I'M TALKIN' TO YOU!\\").  Whatever pittance you possessed, someone would be trying to take it from you, and the number one rule of Manhattan was AVOID EYE CONTACT. No jobs were to be had except for messengers downtown, but you had to know the city like the back of your hand to be hired. If you spoke other than New Yawk patois, they cursed at you.<br /><br />I ate out of garbage cans and dumpsters (the small, old-fashioned kind), but the good eats were in west-side dumpsters, where older bums had claimed priority rights, and if you tried to get even a scrap of their surplus of gourmet meals, they'd threaten you with a broken bottle or other makeshift weapon. And don't get me started about Avenue A.<br /><br />Unlike Ms. Smith, the famous Chelsea Hotel was far beyond my means, and I roomed in a flophouse, the Greenwich Hotel on Bleecker St., where everything was covered in a layer of white powder (10% DDT). The rooms were smaller than a jail cell (any jail cell that I've ever been in), but the doors locked, which was a blessing, because all night, strange hands would be testing the door.<br /><br />Like Ms. Smith, I wrote all the time (until my notebook was stolen), so I tried to get a job at the East Village Other, but not only were they uninterested in my talent (such as it is), they were really rude and dismissive. (I did, however, make money selling their paper at the free concerts in Central Park.)  No one, not in Washington Square Park, not at the free concerts in Central Park, smoked pot.  Although broken syringes were a common item of litter, the drug of the realm was speed, and everyone was dealing this counterfeit Dexedrine (\\"brown & clears\\") that did nothing but make you sick to your guts.<br /><br />In sum, contrary to the urbane intellectual utopia that Ms. Smith limns, I attest that Manhattan was the most depressing, most violent, sickest, meanest, filthiest, uncool, wretched, bum scene on earth.  I walked the same streets as did she, but I saw no one famous, and no one bought me anything. I saw neither Burroughs nor Ginsberg nor Mailer nor Wolfe nor Hendrix nor Joplin nor Kooper nor Kalb nor Guthrie nor Stampfel nor Van Ronk.  The Manhattan she depicts seems like an alternate universe to me, and I suspect hers to be the most fanciful tale since L. Frank Baum's.<br /><br />(ADDED LATER) This is a book for squares. This is a book for women who also admired Madonna, but when they got to college, that was uncool, so they switched to someone artsy, like Patti Smith.  To get a glimpse of the *real* Patti Smith, read [[ASIN:0802142648 Please Kill Me: The Uncensored Oral History of Punk]] (the Kindle edition will do). It perfectly depicts the bum scene, the callow, pretentious, pointless, filthy (literally), diseased (literally), narcissistic facade that was --and is-- Manhattan.  Patti Smith doesn't want you to read Please Kill Me. Think of it as the parts she left out of her memory . . . er, memoir.ere parents handing out flyers and showing photos of their dear missing child.  Every street had a platoon of panhandlers demanding money. (\\"Spare change? Spare change? Help me out bro'. Hey! DON'T WALK AWAY. I'M TALKIN' TO YOU!\\").  Whatever pittance you possessed, someone would be trying to take it from you, and the number one rule of Manhattan was AVOID EYE CONTACT. No jobs were to be had except for messengers downtown, but you had to know the city like the back of your hand to be hired. If you spoke other than New Yawk patois, they cursed at you.<br /><br />I ate out of garbage cans and dumpsters (the small, old-fashioned kind), but the good eats were in west-side dumpsters, where older bums had claimed priority rights, and if you tried to get even a scrap of their surplus of gourmet meals, they'd threaten you with a broken bottle or other makeshift weapon. And don't get me started about Avenue A.<br /><br />Unlike Ms. Smith, the famous Chelsea Hotel was far beyond my means, and I roomed in a flophouse, the Greenwich Hotel on Bleecker St., where everything was covered in a layer of white powder (10% DDT). The rooms were smaller than a jail cell (any jail cell that I've ever been in), but the doors locked, which was a blessing, because all night, strange hands would be testing the door.<br /><br />Like Ms. Smith, I wrote all the time (until my notebook was stolen), so I tried to get a job at the East Village Other, but not only were they uninterested in my talent (such as it is), they were really rude and dismissive. (I did, however, make money selling their paper at the free concerts in Central Park.)  No one, not in Washington Square Park, not at the free concerts in Central Park, smoked pot.  Although broken syringes were a common item of litter, the drug of the realm was speed, and everyone was dealing this counterfeit Dexedrine (\\"brown & clears\\") that did nothing but make you sick to your guts.<br /><br />In sum, contrary to the urbane intellectual utopia that Ms. Smith limns, I attest that Manhattan was the most depressing, most violent, sickest, meanest, filthiest, uncool, wretched, bum scene on earth.  I walked the same streets as did she, but I saw no one famous, and no one bought me anything. I saw neither Burroughs nor Ginsberg nor Mailer nor Wolfe nor Hendrix nor Joplin nor Kooper nor Kalb nor Guthrie nor Stampfel nor Van Ronk.  The Manhattan she depicts seems like an alternate universe to me, and I suspect hers to be the most fanciful tale since L. Frank Baum's.<br /><br />(ADDED LATER) This is a book for squares. This is a book for women who also admired Madonna, but when they got to college, that was uncool, so they switched to someone artsy, like Patti Smith.  To get a glimpse of the *real* Patti Smith, read [[ASIN:0802142648 Please Kill Me: The Uncensored Oral History of Punk]] (the Kindle edition will do). It perfectly depicts the bum scene, the callow, pretentious, pointless, filthy (literally), diseased (literally), narcissistic facade that was --and is-- Manhattan.  Patti Smith doesn't want you to read Please Kill Me. Think of it as the parts she left out of her memory . . . er, memoir.
1565847032|5.0|This is the best single source of Chomsky's work I've come across. A triumph of editing, this book is made up of excerpts of talks Chomsky gave throughout the 80s and 90s. Loosely organized by topic, the book is highly flowing and readable. It includes an encyclopedic reference section available online that is longer than the main text of the book. This is where I recommend anyone not familiar with Chomsky's work to begin; it's the most comprehensive and accessible compilation of his thoughts. Many of the discussions quoted within were in question and answer format. The audience participation is included in the text. Many of the audience questions are obvious questions anyone unfamiliar with the subject matter would have, and the opportunity to read Chomsky's detailed responses to a huge range of questions offers much deeper understanding than simply reading one of his books by yourself.<br /><br />Understanding Power is a glimpse into the mind of one of the most brilliant, profound, and insightful social critics of our time. He touches on virtually every influential issue in US history, and readers are bound to walk away with a much deeper appreciation for how power functions in society, and how divergent American standard explanations of the world are from reality.
6304493681|5.0|I wouldn't go so far to say this movie is philosophical, but it is thought provoking and entertaining.  Watching it 15 years after its release the animation and artistry does not appear dated.  The hypothetical world it depicts is 2029.  We'll see in 19 years if there are sufficient medical advances to enhance people with titanium skeletons, and destroy their psyche.
B002JVWR4A|5.0|I ordered this item from Best Price Corp through Amazon on 11/23/10.  I received an email that I should receive the item between 12/1 and 12/16/10.  Today is 12/31/10. I NEVER RECEIVED THE ITEM!!!    DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING FROM BEST PRICE CORP!!!!!!!!!  DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING FROM BEST PRICE CORP!!!!!!!!!  DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING FROM BEST PRICE CORP!!!!!!!!!  DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING FROM BEST PRICE CORP!!!!!!!!!  DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING FROM BEST PRICE CORP!!!!!!!!!  DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING FROM BEST PRICE CORP!!!!!!!!!  DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING FROM BEST PRICE CORP!!!!!!!!!  DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING FROM BEST PRICE CORP!!!!!!!!!
B004HFON7K|2.0|I didn't even make it to the end of this flick.  Glad I rented it on sale for .99 cents.  There were some funny scenes, but movies like this which are filled with impossible CGI acrobatics and stunts don't appeal to me in the least.  I don't know why Hollywood keeps pumping out movies like that, because in my opinion, it completely detracts from the overall film.
B002ZG981E|5.0|A very well thought out storyline. You have to see it a few times to appreciate the attention Christopher Nolan put into the details. He's simply the best out there right now by far. This is simply the best film of 2010.
B003UAKE9Y|5.0|I purchased this movie for my 11 year old daughter. She fell in love with this movie after watching it on tv and she asked for it for christmas. She has watched it quite a bit since she got it so it was well worth the money.
B000H6SXMY|1.0|Where is my product? i've been waiting for over a month now and it was suposed to arrive more than a week ago and its not here yet. When it's going to arrive?
B003H9MSPG|1.0|This gun looks great, it sounds great, sometimes it may even appear to be wonderful... AFTER you take it apart.   The cocking mechanism locks after a while due to a misplaced spring, The gun wont cock if the trigger is still pulled, if the spring on the trigger is loose or lost in the gun, the trigger has to be manually pushed forward or the gun taken apart. The actual cocking mechanism is horrid and an eye sore. It is almost impossible to dislocate the gun with it installed. My suggestion: leave it off so that you can tap into the gun.   After I broke this over-sized gun open i noticed two things: there is an air leak in the bullet chamber by where the dart loads, second, the barrel extension is far to large in diameter, making the firing way out of whack.  Second suggestion (if you get this gun) take it apart and have some fun with it. Get a better spring for the firing chamber, if you can, make the air chamber bigger. hook up some CO2 to it. shove a peice of pvc in the barrel to get a better air seal, and plug up every hole, lubricate well. I have never been more disappointed in a nerf product.  Last thing to add, Distance. It has about as much distance as the maverick. no more. and the maverick has better accuracy, better propulsion, and better handling.
B004EKCNMA|2.0|I am half way thru, and its been OK, but I was extremely startled by the Dig at Christianity in general and preachers specifically that the Ghost of Christmas Present slips in.     To me it appears, the addition of men of the cloth\\"  to a lecture on hypocrisy was meant to kick Christians, pastors, priests, etc in the shins.   And on a editorial note, it definitely takes you straight out of the movie.  Which I think is just poor script writing in general - when you watch a movie you should get sucked in - not spit out.    I am not sure if I will finish it - because of that and because all the flying around made me dizzy.    I am glad I just used my credits - I had considered buying it straight out, but I wanted to see if it was any good 1st - glad i didn't get the DVD.     Anyone interested here are the relevant passages from the book and movie.    The book says this:  \\"`There are some upon this earth of yours,' returned the Spirit,' who lay claim to know us, and who do their deeds of passion, pride, ill-will, hatred, envy, bigotry, and selfishness in our name, who are as strange to us and all out kith and kin, as if they had never lived. Remember that, and charge their doings on themselves, not us.'  \\"    The movie says this:  \\"There are some upon this earth of yours who claim to know me and my brothers and do their deeds of ill will and selfishness in our name.  These so called men of the cloth are as strange to me and my kin as if they never lived.  Charge their doing to them, not us.\\"
032147404X|4.0|After seeing this book recommended on a website I stumbled upon while researching some photography questions, I put it on my Wish List and received it for Christmas. After reading the book cover to cover, I found the book to be interesting, but not full of the right kind of information for me. I am just a Mom with a Canon Rebel DSLR. I understand the basics of Aperture, Shutter Speed, ISO and White Balance. I shoot in manual mode when I can, but kick the camera into Auto when the situation calls for it. The book has information for beginners, but as to Scott Kelby's design, he doesn't bother you with confusing/boring aperture and shutter speed equations. He writes the book as if you are out shooting with him and you ask him a question. The whole book has his humor interjected, which was sometimes annoying but mostly just made the book have a real life feel. This might be the reason I was able to read the book cover to cover.     I felt like Scott pushed a lot of \\"extra\\" equipment instead of giving tricks for getting similar (albeit, slightly less professional) shots. The book was geared more towards people who want to become professional photographers, not necessarily hobbyists.     In order to understand the book, one must already know their camera and the basics of photography. He does not even recap this.    One thing I hoped for, but did not get out of the book was some more information on shooting groups, like families, and also more about understanding lens/focal lengths. He covered wedding groups very briefly.     Overall, I enjoyed expanding my own knowledge on photography. I would recommend the book to someone who is comfortable with their DSLR, but wants to know a little bit more - and is possibly thinking about taking their photography to the professional level.     However, if you are a mom with a new DSLR - try a class or a different book first. :)
0385738757|4.0|I read The Maze, so I had to see what happens next, this book kept me interested,and wanting to see what happens next. So, I hope to continue with the story until the end, hopefully it will be a good ending!
0061733199|3.0|Pretty basic and broad without a lot of details.  Good first step, but you probably wouldn't survive based on just what's written in the book.  You'd need to get specifics in other sources.
1440503257|5.0|I bought this present for my nieces who enjoy the Harry Potter films. It is a fun way to keep the series alive.
B003ASLJS6|5.0|Somewhat of a take off of the Shane classic but no need to feel ashamed. A fine effort overall that is pure Eastwood and that has withstood the test of time.
B000ULQV0W|4.0|I purchased this to hear Tuolumne with Eddie Vedder's vocals. I've heard it over and over on the radio and love it, but only a short instrumental on the CD. Can someone redirect me?
1423113381|5.0|Rick Riordin's \\"Red Pyramid\\" is filled with suspense, compelling you to read this book from cover to cover. In the book, you will see mythical creatures, and you will learn about the struggles that the two main characters, Carter and Sadie must endure. You will love the connection with the two siblings in the book, getting two different points of view as they go through this adventure. From sorcerers to Egyptian gods and the Rosetta Stone, the exhilaration in this book is great. Sadie, being the god Isis and Carter, being the god Horus, the newfound magic and understanding brings them far to go against Isis and Horus' sibling, the Red God who has captured Carters dad. The adventures you will encounter in this book are thrilling, making you want to keep turning pages. You also will learn a lot about Egyptian religious beliefs. You will be on the edge of your seat at the surprise ending, as Sadie and Carter attempt to restore order to the Maat in the world, as well as bring the magicians and gods together again.
B00136LZD6|5.0|I love this CD. I first bought it for 'Never Too Late', but when i listened to the album i found i knew most of the songs already. Three Days Grace really outdid themselves.The songs are 1.It's All Over, 2.Pain, 3.Animal I Have Become, 4.Never Too Late, 5.On My Own, 6. Riot, 7.Get Out Alive, 8.Let It Die, 9.Over and Over, 10.Time of Dying, 11.Gone Forever,and 12.One-x. If you're already into this genre of music, you wont be disappointed.
0762408480|5.0|The book was fantastic.  The artistry of the illustrations were<br />exquisite.  The cellophane covered book was in excellent condition<br />and arrived in just a few days.  I would recommend this book for<br />holiday reading with grade school level children.  My grandchildren<br />were really charmed by the book.
B001EN71CW|5.0|I love this series.  It should have kept going longer.  They just didn't do a good job marketing it when it was on TV.  Definitely watch this before you watch the movie Serenity.
B001EN71CW|5.0|Firefly is an excellent show cut down before its prime.  Add in blu-ray and you have a winner.  I also suggest serenity on blu-ray as well.  Enjoy...
0817439390|5.0|Bryan Peterson's previous release of this title, [[ASIN:0817463003 Understanding Exposure: How to Shoot Great Photographs with a Film or Digital Camera (Updated Edition)]] (2004), was a best-seller and was highly-recommended among beginner photography books. This version seeks to improve upon that masterpiece and it has. I have compared both editions and listed some of the improvements in this edition, as well as the pros and cons of this book below.<br /><br />Pros:<br />- Stunning photographs used as examples with detailed explanation of how he set up the shot and the settings used.<br />- Pretty thorough explanation on the major facets of basic photography<br />- New online video access to tutorials<br />- Teaches you how to use the basic concepts and therefore you can apply it to any camera (film or digital, point-and-shoot or SLR, and any brand).<br /><br />Cons:<br />- I sometimes get lost on how Petersen is metering his photographs. He doesn't say explicitly if he is using evaluative (matrix), center-weighted, or spot-metering. Most of the time it seems as though he is using center-weighted, but I'm not always sure.<br /><br />Improvements over the 2nd Edition:<br />- New information. Such as discussions on: HDR photography, diffraction when using small apertures, auto white balance, different types of flash and flash techniques.<br />- Online video access of tutorials for those who purchase the book. Very useful especially for those who learn by visual example.<br />- New photographs which are just as stunning as the previous edition. Same discussion format on how they were set up and the settings used.<br />- Most of photos carried-over from the previous edition are noticeably bigger in this edition.<br />- Better color rendition of the same photographs carried-over from the 2nd edition. More natural skin tones on some of the photographs of people in this edition.<br /><br />Bryan Peterson shares a lot of the knowledge he has picked up over his many years of film and digital photography experience. I love the fact that he is teaching people how to spend some time and \\"get it right in camera\\" first, rather than shoot haphazardly and hope to fix it in software post-processing later. This \\"old-school\\" approach and emphasis on shooting in manual mode helps teach people how to use the concepts of iso, aperture, and shutter speed to get a good exposure with any camera.  His other book, [[ASIN:0817432256 Bryan Peterson's Understanding Photography Field Guide: How to Shoot Great Photographs with Any Camera]], is also a great book and includes some of the same material in this book. All in all, this is a great book for any beginning photographer and a good revision of his previous best-seller.
B003UESJH4|5.0|This film takes one back in time and space to witness one of history's great transformations.  George VI summons all his strength to meet the challenges of his day and lead his people and his empire.  The tensions and frustrations he faces are vividly portrayed by Colin Firth and a well-assembled supporting cast, at once displaying the majesty and humanity of the King.  One of the first movies in years I have wanted to sit through the second time.
B0036OS3KG|5.0|These boots are great. They keep me warm in the snowing winter wonderland of the Black Forest in Germany.  I have never got cold or wet in these boots.
B000X107GI|4.0|Great price! I was able to get 5 for what I would pay for 1 at a regular dept. store!
B00127RAJY|5.0|All I can say about this video is...Whoo boy!!  Really makes you work up a sweat and it kiks your butt.  But it is a great exercise and fun once you get the hang of it.
B001AQO446|4.0|Here we are 2011, and now they are finally going to get around to release practically everybody's favorite musical comedy from 1980: The legendary Blue Brothers.<br /><br />With a cast like Ray Charles, James Brown, Aretha Franklin, John Lee Hooker, John Candy, Steven Spielberg, Dan Ackroyd, John Belushi, Charles Napier, Carrie Fisher, Twiggy, and the such, how much longer can this film be neglected on Blu-Ray?<br /><br />I hope the film \\"1941\\" will also be released on Blu-Ray soon.
B003UESJHO|5.0|This was the best movie I've seen in a long time. The acting was superb and everyone seemed very real, from the crackhead looks of the brother to the pooch belly of the girlfriend. Christian Bale gave one of the best performances I have ever seen. Whalburg also did a great job and the mom and sisters were great.    My only criticism, and seriously, this is my only criticism...the boxing matches did not seem very well done. Whalburg looked stiff and the boxing looked not as good as it should have.    Otherwise a perfect movie.
B0047WJ12K|5.0|This movie was, in my opinion, the best movie I've seen in 2010. It was very entertaining. I loved the plot of the film, the characters, everything. One warning: if you miss one part you will get lost. You absolutely have to make sure you keep up with the movie the whole time.
B000002GXJ|3.0|I'm a Eagles fan, and the songs on this album are the ones I'd pick to hear live. But they sound almost identical to the original recordings, possibly in part because of all the overdubbing that was done in the studio. To my mind, that defeats the purpose of a live album. Three stars for the great songs.
B0017SWPXY|4.0|This book was referred to me by a fellow dog lover and inhabitant of the Seattle area. I imagined that it was about a runner and his dog (not having read any reviews)instead of being about a race car driver. It also turned out to be much more than a story about the dog. There were many life lessons and thoughtful insights into being human.(pretty outstanding from a dogs point of view) It was well written, although I managed to skip over quite a bit of the racing references......A little went a long way for me. But all and all it was interesting and I did learn quite alot about the philosophy of racing. As with most animal stories, there were chuckles, but it does help to have a box of kleenex on hand. A touching story about the trials and triumphs of a man, his dog and their family. A very good read.
B002P4VUMQ|5.0|I admit I have come to the Jason Mraz party so late in his career, as I am sure others were first introduced to him after Lucky and I'm Yours. But now, I can converse with the best on Jason Mraz as I have been looking for and finding a wealth of variations of many tracks on Youtube.  This collection of a Chicago concert contains many standout moments, but this version of Beautiful Mess is by far better than the album version and other live versions (the 2008 Nobel Peace Concert version is a different, but a close 2nd in my opinion).  The first time I listened to this version of Beautiful Mess was while I was driving and I had to pull over and hit replay the version was so moving.  If anyone knows of a site that catalogs all the different versions of his songs and rates them, I'd like to hear from you!
B002Q9MZHE|5.0|Villazón's voice is superb. That alone is reason enough to like this production. That it is part of a film that simply works on a dramatic level, is paired with Netrebko's beautiful delivery (both voice and acting), and comes on a Blu-Ray with great multi-channel audio reproduction simply adds to the value of this disc. Wholeheartedly recommended.
B0047WJ12K|5.0|After reading the reviews on here, I didn't think that Inception would be very good. But I am a big Leonardo Dicaprio fan, so I gave it try. I caught myself being pulled into the movie. Interested and intrigued by what was going to happen next. It does have a HUGE twist at the end that was not expected. But the story line was AWESOME as well as the ploy of it. You will find yourself so consumed by it, you will not pause it or want to stop it for anything. And you will want to watch it over and over again to see if you missed anything that you didn't see before. The movie is a perfect buy and a perfect rental. I rented it here on VOD and love it and will most likely purchase it.
B000F4MLZ8|5.0|This is a great artist. I love the lyrics, Radin's voice, and the simple yet delightful melody... I highly recommend his music. One of my favorite songs on this album is \\"What if you\\" which is featured in the movie \\"Catch and Release\\"-but all of the songs are great. I also have his 2008 album Simple Times. I like We Were Here better, but this one is good, too.
B00129H7VS|5.0|We got the Blu-ray on time and it was great quality.  We've watched it already, and there were no problems...
B002ZG98LO|4.0|After two awful movies where the Predators hunt Aliens on Earth, Robert Rodriguez, Nimrod Antal, and company went back to the jungle for the latest installment in the Predators franchise.<br />Eight, well actually nine but one dies upon impact, people from different occupations with varying skills find themselves in an unknown jungle.  The last thing each person remembers is that they saw a bright light and when they awoke they found themselves falling from the sky.  These eight individuals band together, figuring their chances are greater if they remain as a group rather than alone.  They discover bizarre plants and are attacked by giant carnivorous creatures before discovering that they aren't anywhere near Kansas anymore.  With that knowledge, their goal becomes survival as they realize they are being hunted.  It's either be or be killed and when you're being hunted by a superior race with advanced technology, the odds aren't in your favor.<br /><br />There's a lot of good stuff about PREDATORS.  It was a wise choice to take the franchise back to the jungle.  The jungle is still an untamed wilderness, so much so that we even refer to our cities as \\"concrete jungles\\".<br /><br />Most of the acting in the movie is also solid.  Adrien Brody is the lead male protagonist as Royce.  Brody is known for his acting chops, but not for his physicality.  However, he really buffed up for this movie and he delivers a fine performance as an American mercenary.  Topher Grace is also good as a doctor who seems strangely mismatched among the military personnel and gangsters he finds himself.<br /><br />Though there are some weak points, the overall plot is a huge improvement than the previous two ALIEN VS. PREDATOR films as well as being just as good, if not better than PREDATOR 2.  The film also references the original film as well as paying homage to it in a few sequences.<br /><br />With that said, there are some major flaws to the movie.  Laurence Fishburne has a role that is basically a cameo.  He's in the movie for probably less than ten minutes and is heavily underused.  His character is an interesting one and there's a lot that could have been done with it, but instead he's merely there to serve as a plot device, a sort of deux de machina and comic relief all rolled into one.<br /><br />The introduction of Fishburne's character, Nolan, is also where a major flaw in the film resides.  His introduction changes the entire pacing and mood of the movie.  What begins, and ultimately ends as a jungle survival movie, turns into an industrial horror rampage that doesn't end until the movie's final act.<br /><br />Still, PREDATORS is a redemption that returns the Predators franchise to the B-glory of the original.  Here's hoping the sequels continue to improve upon this restoration of the Predator legacy.e for probably less than ten minutes and is heavily underused.  His character is an interesting one and there's a lot that could have been done with it, but instead he's merely there to serve as a plot device, a sort of deux de machina and comic relief all rolled into one.    The introduction of Fishburne's character, Nolan, is also where a major flaw in the film resides.  His introduction changes the entire pacing and mood of the movie.  What begins, and ultimately ends as a jungle survival movie, turns into an industrial horror rampage that doesn't end until the movie's final act.    Still, PREDATORS is a redemption that returns the Predators franchise to the B-glory of the original.  Here's hoping the sequels continue to improve upon this restoration of the Predator legacy.
044654759X|4.0|I really did like this book, but it was way too similar to the movie \\"Sleeping with the Enemy\\" starring Julia Roberts.  Even the carnival \\"scene\\" was very similar.  That being said, it was a good book with great characters.
B003FSTN7A|2.0|Just a note about the video quality of this CBS DVD (USA) release of MEDIUM - THE SIXTH SEASON: If the first episode is anything to go by - and it usually is - the picture quality is significantly lower than in previous seasons. It's barely VHS quality. Very disappointing. But, as usual, there is a nice set of extras.
B002ZG980U|4.0|The regular DVD (not blu ray) was a disappointment. There was no booklet in the case and the title menu was very badly done. There are spoilers in the very short loop of the title menu. Also, the special features were very short and there was not enough of them. There are no sound options. The whole DVD transfer and packaging seems very rushed and shoddy.
B001VNB54A|5.0|Most of the more in-depth five star reviews have said all that I could ever say about this series.  This is a fantastic and harrowing film series, wonderfully written, acted and directed.  The main purpose of my review is to add some more incentive to a prospective buyer.      First and most importantly:  THIS IS NOT BAND OF BROTHERS!!!!!!!  Nor should it be compared in any way to that series.  This stands alone and is just as compelling and important.  Anyone expecting Band Of Brothers Part 2 is sorely mistaken and will realize it from the first episode.  This is about different men in different companies in a different part of the world fighting a different enemy.  Watch this with an open mind and it will be much more enjoyable.    Second:  Yeah, there's a lot of sex and violence.  Big deal, be prepared.  Is it \\"necessary\\"?  I certainly think so.  Look, this series depicts an insanely fought theater of WWII.  Anyone with a modicum of knowledge of the Marine Corps. during the war should expect it.  The violence and gore enhances the story and the situations these men had to face.  If the filmmakers shied in any way from that, it would be a cop-out.  The sex scenes are tastefully executed and quite honestly, there are about 4 of them in the entire series, all totaling maybe 10 minutes of screen time.    Third:  Buy this!  If you have the slightest interest in this series, you will be doing yourself a big favor.  Also, if you own a Blu-Ray player, you MUST purchase this in hi-def.  It looks and sounds amazing.
B002N5N5M0|5.0|I can not say enough about this series.  From the story through the cast and directing... I could go on and on.    I believe that I put in an review of an earlier season, that this is like reading a good book.  You know the ones that once you start you cant put back down?  Well this season just carries that feeling on.      I don't believe in spoiling stories.  All that I will say is that in this season John Lithgow played the perfect nemesis for Dexter.  The casting in this series never fails to deliver characters that you love, hate and love to hate.    If you liked the first three seasons you will NOT be disappointed.    It is tough to judge.  But this may very well be my favorite season so far.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog is the greatest thing of my life. Its hilarious and so much fun! I encourage you all to purchase it. It could possibly alter your life forever.... in a good way.
B00192IV9U|3.0|What can I say \\"Michael\\" is good but not great. Best song on the album is \\"Keep Your Head Up\\" by far, as it feels like a true MJ song. \\"Hold My Hand\\" the duet with Akon is great, and perfect for a single to sell the album. \\"Monster\\" featuring 50 Cent surprised me, as MJ and 50 sounded great together. I always knew Michael Jackson would make a track with Curtis Jackson. Some tracks do not feel like MJ songs or the content he would bring out, for example \\"Hollywood Tonight\\" makes him sound too cocky. Overall alright album that is still buyable, but nothing to get excited about.
B004CEUEWE|4.0|\\"The Town\\" is about four guys who play bank robbers for real. One of them, Doug, actually had a way out once upon a time but got sucked back into the criminal ways of his hometown, which, I suppose, explains why Ben Affleck playing Doug looks more like a clean-cut star athlete rather than a hoodlum. Doug's the brain to the brawn of the prerequisite sociopath in the gang, James, played to the hilt by Jeremy Renner, who does look the part. But as anti-heroes, these bank robbers are just misunderstood products of their upbringing. It's the town that made them that way, or rather certain elements (evil villains or more products of their circumstance) in the town who pull the strings behind the crimes. The criminals are victims, too, it seems. So in the cat-and-mouse game between the FBI (led by the smart and handsome John Hamm) and the gang of four, one can't help feeling sorry for the poor suckers who see nothing better to do than to rob banks. The movie doesn't over-sentimentalize this point, which is a good thing. Instead, it puts the heart of the movie on a sweet but a bit contrived romance between Doug and Claire (Rebecca Hall), an actual victim of their first bank robbery in the movie. Through this relationship, Doug is shown to be yearning for a life beyond crime and his past, including James' sister (Doug's ex played by Blake Lively who was surprisingly not bad in the role). So in the climax of the movie, when Doug and his gang are forced into one final heist with the FBI on their tails, it is played out as a tense march into certain doom or rebirth? Overall, \\"The Town\\" deliveries some genuine moments of heart while trying hard to be gritty and violent, but scales no great heights in terms of the script or the acting.
142311339X|5.0|I am a teacher who reviews a lot of books for young-adult readers.  This is a great entry into the Percy Jackson series, which I was sad to see come to an end.  It's a must read...not too violent and full of references to mythology which is a 6th grade curriculum standard in California.
B0042816YK|4.0|I waited for what felt like forever for this DVD to come out and I even pre-ordered it on Amazon. The vision of the movie was great, the scenes, the beauty of India and Bali, but I feel that the movie left out a lot that made the book and the author's story so special. I honestly did not get the same feeling from the movie that I got from the book, but it was still worth watching.
0525951652|2.0|I am a huge fan of Ken Follett but I found this book a bit tedious. I normally love to love or love to hate his characters but this go round I honestly did not care about any of the characters. I found the characters all one dimensional and I did care about their arc.     The author does not have enough material for a trilogy. You can tell he threw in a lot of filler into this book to justify the trilogy. Do editors actually 'edit' books anymore? I have read a lot of tripe from well established authors of late.    I, for one, have given up on this trilogy.
B0000TB050|5.0|This concert is so emotional! The transition between All I Want Is You and Where The Streets, I've watched a billion times! I love the variety in songs on here; glad to see Out Of Control (their first single [1979]) and Wake Up Dead Man! Beautiful! This never gets old either. I don't have a whole lot to say except, if you are looking for a good U2 video, I highly recommend this one, or 360 Rose Bowl (includes rare performance of Ultraviolet). BUY THIS ONE. :)
B002MXA7TC|5.0|My car stereo got stolen and this cd was in it... so bummed to lose it AND my stereo~double whammy!  I only listened to this CD a few times, but I was so loving it, and I've already ordered a new one... I hope my stereo (and dash, heater, and control knobs) are replaced by the time this CD arrives!!!  p.s. criminals suck!
B0029QRA1U|5.0|Very happy with this.  Spent the better part of this morning capturing lots of songs from my 80s past that I cant find in itunes. Very simple 2-3 mouse clicks to capture a song. Playback much better than I would have expected.
B0031ESIZQ|2.0|beware that the game still has problems opening with dual core computers.  You have to send a notice to securom to have them send you a fix.  It is a nightmare to give a gift and then have to send and receive messages for 2 or more days to get it to work.  In the end, we eventually loaded on an old laptop and it works great....but we have to keep this laptop just so that son has something to play the game on!
B000065KH2|4.0|Great music throughout the movie. A little more language than I would have cared for, though overall a good watch.
0399226907|5.0|This is the same cute little book I remember from grade school.  My son is on 6 months old but I like reading it to him and he likes chewing on the book.
B001NLKT60|5.0|this book was amazing. a non stop on the edge adventure.  reminded me of the da vinci code in that it was hard to put down.  spent many nights sleepless until i finished the book.
0345442970|5.0|good read for a star wars junkie, but not really a good one for introducing someone to the sw universe :)
030746363X|4.0|Tim does a great job of thinking outside the box. He puts a different spin on things.  Some of the knowledge in this book is brand new to me. Other knowledge is things I knew yet put into different situations.  Overall great book.
B002NOAF9W|4.0|The box set of the Rolling Stones live album from 1969 is very good. The sound quality is good, but nothing remarkably better than the original. The bonus discs, the extra tracks, Satisfaction is OK but the other tracks aren`t the best versions. The Support acts of BB King and Ike and Tina Turner are good, the DVD is nothing remarkable, the booklet that comes with the box is very good, with good photos.If you`re a fan or a collector its well worth getting, but if you just want the album save yourself and just get the CD.
0765326353|4.0|I read the Mistborn, and found it tolerably good - in particular, it was really well plotted.  You can tell from the way he writes Sanderson knows where he's going.  The main problem with the Mistborn was some lazy interludes, particularly in the middle of the series, and many one dimensional characters.    That being said, there's none of that here.  The characters are compelling and it doesn't feel like there's wasted space, in spite of the massive size of this novel.  Definitely a pleasant surprise for me, because I was half expecting to put it down halfway through, but I was engaged pretty quickly.  I will be (patiently) waiting for the rest of the series.
B000P6XU5G|1.0|I thought blu ray was supposed to be of a certain high quality. This blu ray disc is not. I have the dvd & the blu ray, you cannot tell any difference. Good thing it was only $10. If the older movies cannot be brought up to true blu ray quality they should not be able to advertise them as such.
B000W93CHC|5.0|I loved this book. I could not put it down. I was in love with the characters, at times shouting at the pages. you will not be disappointed with this book.
B00003CXHJ|5.0|Love this movie, wateched it many times. Hate the ending makes you realize the young life that is sacraficed for our america to stay safe.
0385342047|4.0|This was thoroughly enjoyable fluff on which to end my reading year. I found Kinsella's latest Becky Bloomwood romp to be highly readable, cute, and just plain fun. The story this time centers around Becky planning a surprise (and, of course, lavish) birthday party for husband Luke...and don't forget that their 2-year-old Minnie has entered the picture now! Becky, now a mother, is at times a bit hard to take, as she does verge on becoming completely self-absorbed at different points in the story. But I still very much enjoyed the story. Fellow lovers of the \\"Shopaholic\\" series will definitely not be disappointed, and I would also recommend it to readers looking for fluffy, chick-lit, \\"vacation\\" reading material.
B0026P3G12|5.0|This CD was exactly what I was expecting and more.  Highly recommend to anyone with a taste for this kind of music.  Cost and services were above average.
B002ZG98Z0|1.0|I guess this is what happens when you don't leave things before they go rancid. But I can say I am appalled by the lack of class and quality in this film.<br />This is nothing like the show or the first movie.<br />This is like a crude, cheap fashion show overdone with terrible performances. Carrie is more annoying than ever, Charlotte is still whining, Miranda is still Miranda, Samantha..oh dear God why did they ruin this character? She used to be confident & classy despite her ways, now she's rude and ridiculous.<br />Let's not forget Mr.Big. He seems to have had a lobotomy and now acting like a boring old man and advises people about marriage. Umm, didn't he cheat on both his ex-wives?<br /><br />Rent, don't buy if you want to see it and don't expect much.
B0016BPWNM|5.0|The blu-ray is kind of unnecessary, as the film stock used to shoot the movie is not digital film, but the features were fun, the movie is a classic... and it's cheaper on blu-ray than on DVD... so what are you waiting for?  BUY THE MOVIE! :)
B00280LYIC|5.0|I love this book. It is way better than the movie and the movie was really good. So many deatails in the book.I recommend this to everyone.Kids,adults,and many more people. I was hooked on the book when I started it. Also totally worth it.
B002ZG983M|5.0|Picked this up during the recent Christmas season sales.<br /><br />Wow, it is amazing.<br /><br />Cage is quite good but the star is Hit Girl.  She pulls it off incredibly well and you actually think that little girl can pull off what she is doing.<br /><br />It is very violent, even more than I thought, so don't watch if that bothers you.<br /><br />Frankly, the only bit I didn't like the very last minute of the ending.  Ugh with the villain's kid.
1554685133|5.0|If you are expecting a rehash of the movie, that is not you will get with this book. You can see the influence in bits and pieces of the novel, the basic premise is still present, but the end result is something quite different.     Ram Mohammed Thomas is an orphan whose life has gravitated toward an appearance on a campy game show. After winning the ultimate prize, he is promptly arrested for cheating, only to be saved by a lawyer who demands his immediate release. He returns to the lawyer's home and reveals how he knew the answers to all 12 questions.     What follows is a powerful of Ram's life. The stories have elements that range from pure comedy to tragedy, but each story is riveting! I highly recommend reading this book!
B002SJIO5E|5.0|District 9 is the best movie I saw in 2009.  The acting was great and the story is quite interesting.  However, the most important aspect of the film is what made me enjoy it.  The main character is at first seen as despicable, then felt for, then despised, then admired.  The audience's feelings for the protagonist change through the movie and it has all the fun of a rollercoaster ride.  Very interesting effect.
0385341008|1.0|There are only 3 books that I didn't finish reading and this one one of them. I am sorry but it was the most boring book I have ever attempted to read...I seriously don't understand how people were able to turn the pages without falling asleep.
0143034901|5.0|The Shadow of the Wind, originally written in Spanish and later translated into many languages is quite a popular novel. While reading I became fully immersed in the book and found the writing striking and imposing. In the main, the plot is realistic and convincing but one character keeps appearing and disappearing like a ghost in the story.<br />The bare outline of the story: Daniel, a young boy of 11 years old buys a book \\"Shadow of the Wind\\", stuck in a remote corner of a bookshelf in the Cemetery of Forgotten Books. Daniel falls in love with the book, and goes in search of its author and finds himself wrapped in the mystery surrounding the author's life. In his efforts to explore the mystery, Daniel receives help from many sources.  He learns a rich business man Don Ricardo Aldayas had an affair with his governess Sophie Carax who became  pregnant  resulting in the birth of a son Julian Carax, the author of the book \\"Shadow of the Wind. \\" Aldaya has strict orders to the governess to keep the birth of the child a secret.  Later Aldaya's wife gives birth to a daughter named Penelope who falls in love with Julian. Penelope's father forbids her to meet Julian and Julian leaves for Paris with a heavy heart where he leads a dejected, miserable, and unhappy life. Mr. Zafon has done an excellent job in painting his character's loveless life.<br />In his quest to know more about Julian, Daniel discovers many mysterious places in Barcelona.  He comes across a strange character who has no eyebrows, does not blink his eyes, has a deformed face and who burns all books with the title \\"Shadow of the Wind\\" and any book store that sells this particular book.  The reader now involuntarily enters the realm of a Gothic landscape.  However, once the author starts dwelling into the supernatural power and mysticism, the reader loses the logic part. This is where I was slightly turned off even though I could not stop reading.  Perhaps the magical power of the gothic theme made me read until the end<br />The challenge in this novel is connecting the characters and establishing a link in a logical sequence.  Only when I read the novel a second time was I able to connect and experience a great thrill in knowing how cleverly and smoothly the author has put all the pieces together.  No wonder, this novel with its mystery and melancholic plot has soaked the readers' heart.<br />In my opinion, the novel is worth reading and rewarding even a second time.e end  The challenge in this novel is connecting the characters and establishing a link in a logical sequence.  Only when I read the novel a second time was I able to connect and experience a great thrill in knowing how cleverly and smoothly the author has put all the pieces together.  No wonder, this novel with its mystery and melancholic plot has soaked the readers' heart.  In my opinion, the novel is worth reading and rewarding even a second time.
0670451495|5.0|This was a huge hit with our grand-daughter. She loved counting the eggs and then the ducklings whenever they appeared. One page (in the hardcover edition, at least) has a duckling hidden in the center crease, and she was very upset until we found it. Now she shows her reader where the \\"lost\\" duckling is. Every time. LOL!    A lovely book, just as wonderful as I remembered.
B002JWD6AS|4.0|This is a great book, though it's obviously not incredibly original. The plotline is predictable in places, but towards the end there are some nice twists. The writing is solid and descriptive.     My only complaint is that Grace's narrative seems aloof. She was hard to relate to - it just doesn't seem like she has much personality.  I think if you're going to write a romance novel, give your female characters some traits that anyone could relate to, and make sure they can stand on their own.
B004CEUEWE|5.0|Reminded me of heat with more heart.  It doesn't matter what I write here, just go see this film.  You won't regret it.
B000V9D5LG|3.0|I did not know that this was a grey market product. When I received the lens the box was already opened and ripped and I did not trust that this was a new product.
B003L20IHO|4.0|I really like the story and thought the acting was fantastic.  The blu-ray had wonderful quality and some great HD moments. It made me want to go to the beach a lot. :)
B004AKCME8|3.0|My boyfriend bought this for my daughter and we all sat down to watch it.  His brother (in his late 20's) wanted to watch it also and came over.  My daughter loved it, a lot.  The younger brother didn't have anything to say except wonder if we liked it.  Our reply was it was sorta okay.    First off, we never read the books, and I wasn't aware it was based off one.  The CGI in this movie is very good.  There are some breathtaking views.  The different kinds of owls were pretty accurate visually.  I didn't notice the music much, but what I did notice was pretty.  It never got in the way or seemed like too much for the current action.    Otherwise.. the storyline was pretty dry.  You have 3 owlettes.  the oldest boy seems to think he's oh so grown up.  Wants to be all serious.  Dreams and play are for babies, blah blah.  The brother has a natural gift for flight and he's jealous of him.  The kid sister is sweet and all around just loves everyone and likes to have fun.  The brothers get kidnapped and one flees for help, and makes a couple friends on the way.  Not extremely unique here, or particularly engaging.  In my opinion the only thing going for this movie is the obvious care that went into the visual aspect.  As far as the storyline.. if it was based off a book they only have so much to work with.    So I will give it a safe 3.  The kids will probably love it if they aren't in highschool yet, but all three adults were pretty bored.    The \\"hey this could make a sequal\\" ending was sadly the most interesting part.
0439023513|2.0|I flew through the first two books, thinking, \\"wow, can't wait for the third book\\".  Unfortunately, I get the idea that poor Ms. Collins was doing the same thing.  This third book almost seems written to meet a deadline (movie rights, done in time for Christmas maybe?) and was disappointing.  I didn't find it thought-provoking, as others might cop out and say.  It just plain disappointed.  I don't think it mattered what direction the characters evolved into; it just mattered that it made sense. And the book doesn't.  Not going to post spoilers, you still must read it because it is the final book, but check it out or borrow it.  Like many others, I wish Ms. Collins would simply have stayed true to the characters.
B002ZG98UA|1.0|I played some of the games, I watched every other movie.  I anticipated this release and was sooo excited when my boyfriend rented it.  I am really, really disappointed.  I did not watch it in 3D, but it would make sense with the matrix style of so many of the fights taking great care to show you every bullet.  I can forgive the makers of the movie that.    What I cannot forgive...   *the absolute lack of storyline.  There is nothing moving this along except the desire to not be eaten and figure out if anyone is on a ship that has given no transmission for 3 days, with no movement visible at all, every time they check.  And they check often.  *The people you like, for the most part, die.  The people that get on your nerves--won't die fast enough.    *There's a big nasty \\"experiment\\" but you have -no- idea how it came to be.  Just randomly in there with a bunch of mindless zombie types.  A few lucky zombies got to be smart and light a fire under this movies butt so they do something besides sit.  *The end of the movie.. ugh.  I won't spoil it except saying it's really, really bad, and if they make another one I won't even rent it to see if it's worse than this one.  *The entire storyline of the movie could have been avoided if she didn't land the damn plane.  sad.    What was good...  * um.... they tried?  maybe.. I think.    I would go into detail, but I don't want to spoil it for someone that might actually enjoy it.  Sort of difficult to describe  particular examples without giving the movie away.  I'm really glad I didn't buy it.  I can appretiate loyal fans.  The first couple were really great and I truly enjoyed them, and remain a fan--But if I had seen this movie before production I would have groaned and told them to scrap it.  Quit a series on a high note.  Don't hit it over the head and help it roll down the hill faster hitting -every- rock on the way down.
B003L20ICE|3.0|[[ASIN:B003L20ICE The Kids Are All Right]] is a story of two kids raised by a lesbian couple who then contact their sperm donor - or dad. I wouldn't call this a romantic comedy - it's certainly doesn't utilize the many jokes that could apply to such a situation. Rather, it's more of a romantic drama. As the story progresses, each character finds gaping emotional voids in their lives. While at first the reunion seems to go smoothly, some people might be getting along a bit too well.    The acting in [[ASIN:B003L20ICE The Kids Are All Right]] was generally strong, but not as exceptional as some of the other reviewers claimed. While I understand Annette Bening and Julianne Moore are supposed to be great actresses, too often their performances came across as caricatures of a character. Bening's Nic was completely type A, controlling, and rude. You almost find yourself tempted to root against her as her life falls apart. Moore's Jules was the opposite, underachieving and flighty. Neither performance veered far from these stereotypes.     Mark Ruffalo sometimes comes across as more stoned than charming, but fortunately it's just the kind of charming wistfulness called for in the role. His character probably grows the most throughout the film, and Ruffalo does a solid job portraying that growth without losing the essence of his character. Unfortunately, Josh Hutcherson was just there - his character didn't have a large role in the plot, and his performance didn't stick out.     However, the real star of the movie was Mia Wasikowska as the daughter Joni. I wouldn't have imagined anybody so young could exert so much command over a performance, but she manages to portray a character both awkward and strong-willed. She also manages to come across as a teenager interested in sexuality, but without being a floozy. Joni's multifaceted, complex character is much more realistic than the one-dimensional Nic and Jules, and it is to her credit that Wasikowska pulls it off so well.I would have given this movie 4 stars if not for the gratuitous porno scenes and cursing. I'm not an overly sensitive type of socially conservative, but I just don't understand why Hollywood can't portray love and sex subtlety. And when I say porno, I mean pornography. The sex scenes really showed hardcore sex, breasts and all. And at several points the camera focuses on gay porno videos. I'm sorry, I for one don't like watching a movie with my family and then suddenly watching lesbian fellatio. It doesn't advance the story, isn't artistic, and diminishes the emotional power of an otherwise compelling movie.
B000002KDM|5.0|Full of hits that you never heard on the radio but should have, it's one of my favorite albums of his.  Pick'er up and give it a listen.
0307454541|4.0|I don't even know where to start. A year or so ago I attempted this book and put it down about 100 pages in.  Each time I would try to read more my eyes would glaze over.  So many of my friends kept telling me that I just had to hang in there so this time I was resolved to see it through.  The first 200 or so pages?  Seriously - poke me in the eye.  Honestly these 200 pages could have been condensed into about 50 pages.  Once I made it to the halfway point then the story started to pick up.  Obviously the two main characters are Mikael Blomkvist and Lisbeth Salander.  I like Mikael's character even if he does sleep with just about every female character in the book - at least those under the age of 60.  As for Lisbeth, she is a totally hot mess.  It will take all three books in the series to hash out the mental mess she is, yet I did feel pain for her.  This book is very graphic and deals with sexual deviancy in a very explicit manner.  It is not for the easily offended or weak of stomach.  That is your warning.<br /><br />What I found most interesting is that after I finished the book I watched the movie on Netflix as it is on View Instant.  The movie is subtitled in English yet this is the first movie I have watched with subtitles that didn't distract me from the story.  The movie is a little different from the book yet the ending is virtually the same.  I found the movie to be an excellent pairing with the book so you can now visualize what the character \\"looks\\" like.  Again, the movie is graphic....very graphic so don't have the kiddos around.<br /><br />I have been tossing around how to rate this book since I finished it.  Like it or love it?  I am totally drawn into this story now and will be finishing the other two books in the series.  I feel a compelling need to see just how many more women Mikael will sleep with and I need to know what happened to Lisbeth as a child.  I loved the last 150 pages of the book, but I think because the first 200 pages were so grueling with unnecessary biographical information on the Vanger family back to what seemed like the Stone Age I have to just give it a \\"Liked it\\" rating.  Someone has to pay for that!  The geography of the book was awesome.  I love reading books that take place in European settings.rueling with unnecessary biographical information on the Vanger family back to what seemed like the Stone Age I have to just give it a \\"Liked it\\" rating.  Someone has to pay for that!  The geography of the book was awesome.  I love reading books that take place in European settings.
B004F9JJH2|2.0|If you are watching this as a stand alone movie, I would say that it is a decent movie - lots of action scenes with some romance thrown in.<br /><br />But as part of the Twilight Saga, I have to say that this movie is a disaster!<br /><br />Let me start by stating that like thousands of Twifans, I had eagerly waited for this movie and saw it on opening day. My initial reaction was that it's a terrible sequel. To give is a fair chance, I bought the DVD and saw it twice again, once on it's own and then again as part of my weekend movie marathon from Twilight to New Moon to Eclipse.<br /><br />So what's wrong with the movie?<br />1. The sweetness and magical fantasy weaved in the first 2 movies was totally non-existent in this movie - it felt too 'real-life', like some action movie.<br />2. The camera angles felt too close when compared to the first 2 movies, and it felt almost like it was \\"in your face\\" too much.<br />3. The hair on the key characters look really fake or awkward, and the skin tone was either a weird shade of pale or bronzy in some scenes.<br />4. Bryce Dallas Howard as Victoria was totally disorientating - she played the character so differently that it was clearly 2 different personalities. They should have stuck with the same actress throughout the 3 movies.<br />5. The music was too loud or too epic like - the bedroom proposal scene music was way too loud and it totally destroyed the mood of the scene. The music at the end of the movie was too epic like, too LOTR (I have done the LOTR movie marathon enough times to recognize Howard Shore's touch anywhere - and the Twilight Saga is not LOTR).<br /><br />David Slade and Howard Shore are both great artists and great in what they do, but I personally feel that they have not understood what Catherine Hardwicke and Chris Weitz had done in the earlier movies. Where New Moon picked up the mood and transitioned well from Twilight, the transition from New Moon to Eclipse is not there.<br /><br />I hope they don't destroy the next 2 movies that they are making from the last book.king from the last book.
0061997811|5.0|My 18 year old daughter who is a \\"Harry Potter Fanatic\\" LOVES this book.  She is reading every page, word for word and considers it the \\"bible\\" for Harry Potter fans!  Great purchase!
0316069485|4.0|I like Connelly's books. I like the characters in Connelly's books.  Having Haller and Bosch working together made for a good read.  The only criticism I have of this book is the way it ended.  The story went along at a very nice pace and it just seems like the author thought it was time to wind it up and did so very suddenly.  There are too many loose ends.  While I loved the meat of the book, the ending was very unsatisfying.
B004EJ14V2|5.0|I LOVE this movie and the lead actress! It was so funny and witty. I wish more movies were made like that nowadays.
143911000X|5.0|\\"The Bro Code\\" is a book of rules that define a Man's Man.  If you are however, 13 in a man's body.  Great for those who have yet to define their inner child.  Totally defines how just about every man I met would love to define his lifestyle.
B001NESPHC|5.0|Melody Gardot in my humble opinion is one of the most sensual singer-songwriters that I have had the pleasure of discovering. She has a hauntingly beautiful voice and she sure knows how to express her work in the most melodious way, her style which is a combination of Pop, Folk, Jazz, Gypsy Jazz, Viennese Waltzes, Washboard Blues, and Bluegrass with hints of samba is most unique. She gravitates towards blues not because she is a blues singer but because of the sheer emotions she is able to put into her songs. Just like the melody itself, Melody does not restrict herself to a single genre, she crosses from one genre to another in the same song which will basically make her work very appealing to most listeners irrespective of which genre they belong to. She comes through like a breath of fresh air in the world of polluted music.<br /><br />On this album there is synergy between her singing and the music accompanying her voice, it could not have been better. The choice of instruments, the string arrangements, for which the credit goes to Vince Mendoza who is known for his work with Larry Klien on Joni Mitchell albums, and the lush orchestration make this a very pleasurable experience. The quality of recording is exemplary and no wonder the album was nominated a Grammy in the Best Engineered category (Al Shimitt).<br /><br />The sense of longing for the beloved in her works is intense and one can feel the emotional turmoil she may be going through considering her past, the breakup with her friend, the accident and divorce of her parents but she persevered against abject adversity. She got her fair share of bad luck at such a young age of just 25 which has made her more mature beyond her 25 years on the planet and it certainly reflects in her works, rather if I dare say it, works of art.<br /><br />Her music that you listen to is in its most purest form, whether she is in a studio recording it and later you hear it on a record or she is singing live on stage in a concert and last but not least on a talk show. Her voice comes through with uncanny accuracy and sounds the same no matter what the venue. How many artists you have heard thus far can sound like that to you? If you happen to be an audiophile like yours truly you got to experience this album on tube amplification and planar speakers, it will render goosebumps even on the soles of your feet and not just all over your body.<br /><br />This album was produced by Larry Klien (ex-husband of Joni Mitchell) who is himself an accomplished musician and has him playing bass on three of the tracks here. He has gone on to mainly produce albums for quiet a few female singer-songwriters. He also produced Grammy winning Herbie Hancock's album River: The Joni Letters. In 2010 Klein was nominated for Producer of the Year for the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards for production on several albums. This album is produced to near perfection as any album could possibly be.<br /><br />Melody was asked by an interviewer \\"You are very young at 24, what is the greatest lesson life has taught you thus far? Her response was, \\"The greatest joy that any of us will ever experience is from serving others, so when you serve others and then you serve yourself your life is enriched\\" Melody is serving her best to you in the shape of enchanting music and that too on a silver platter, should you not acknowledge her gift by giving her a listen? Quoting the very words from a very dear friend who I share the love of music with \\"If chocolate could be heard, rather than tasted........it would sound like Melody Gardot!\\"ast on a talk show. Her voice comes through with uncanny accuracy and sounds the same no matter what the venue. How many artists you have heard thus far can sound like that to you? If you happen to be an audiophile like yours truly you got to experience this album on tube amplification and planar speakers, it will render goosebumps even on the soles of your feet and not just all over your body.      This album was produced by Larry Klien (ex-husband of Joni Mitchell) who is himself an accomplished musician and has him playing bass on three of the tracks here. He has gone on to mainly produce albums for quiet a few female singer-songwriters. He also produced Grammy winning Herbie Hancock's album River: The Joni Letters. In 2010 Klein was nominated for Producer of the Year for the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards for production on several albums. This album is produced to near perfection as any album could possibly be.      Melody was asked by an interviewer \\"You are very young at 24, what is the greatest lesson life has taught you thus far? Her response was, \\"The greatest joy that any of us will ever experience is from serving others, so when you serve others and then you serve yourself your life is enriched\\" Melody is serving her best to you in the shape of enchanting music and that too on a silver platter, should you not acknowledge her gift by giving her a listen? Quoting the very words from a very dear friend who I share the love of music with \\"If chocolate could be heard, rather than tasted........it would sound like Melody Gardot!\\"
B0013TXA5Y|5.0|I read through some of the reviews before writing my own to get a taste of other's opinions on this book. I found this enertaining and as a whole, unique. Some people feel like they should be some type of 'copycat lookout' and tell you not to get it because of some similarities to other books/movies. Don't listen. The author pulls you in with humor and action. I was too busy enjoying the book to judge its literary worth- which is really what books in this genre should be for. Get a textbook if you want something dry. This book was wonderful and completely worth the buy. Heck, I even reread it.
B0042RUMIW|5.0|I do not think I would be wrong in stating that Sting's book of life as far as his career is concerned is condensed in this 2 hour concert. Yes, his entire career is encompassed in this concert as he performs along with the Royal Philharmonic Concert Orchestra all the classics from way back when he was part of The Police.<br /><br />I became a fan of Police (Sting) when I first heard \\"Walking on the moon\\" in the late 70's, perhaps it had something to do with that unmistakable reggae beat which I always associated with Bob Marley who I happened to be familiar with at that time and was a fan of. With every album that Sting released I was a bigger fan than ever. If I look back over the years I had bought all his albums and used them all the time to evaluate the equipment that I was buying and upgrading as an audiophile. His music and compositions gave me an insight into the equipment under evaluation. I realized that his albums were almost done to perfection and sounded better and better whether it was a humble 25 watt Nad amplifier or the mighty Mark Levinson at 300 watts per channel, be it budget Paradigms or Reference Kef floor-standers, the sound always improved as the equipment in question was upgraded to a higher level. What it actually means is that his recordings were so refined and high resolution that the quality was revealed more and more with each successive upgrade of the audio system. I can hardly think of any other artist who had this kind of treatment given to each and every album they produced. Sting no doubt is a pillar of perfection as any artist can possibly be.<br /><br />The concert on the DVD starts with \\"A thousand years\\". Those who remember this song as the first track on the album \\"Brand new day\\" had a baseline which was capable of pulling your knickers down even if heard on a half decent system. This version is more laid back. What I found interesting about this concert was that there was negligible use of bass guitar and all the base was handled by acoustic and natural sounding instruments including upright bass either plucked or caressed by the bow. Although Ira Coleman gets the credit of bass but he was more often on the upright bass than on electric bass.<br /><br />As the concert progressed it dawned on me that the conductor Steven Mercurio was as animated as any rock star could be in a concert, he was after all not conducting serious classical music but was part of the rock band and he fit in like a glove. In Stings own words \\"He started out as a rock guitarist\\", so what do you expect? He also gets the credit of doing orchestral arrangements for two of the songs rendered and one of them is my favorite amongst all those that were performed \\"Why should I cry for you\\" taken off the album from 1991 entitled \\"Soul Cages\\" which in my opinion was a very complex album in terms of arrangements, instrumentation and compositions. The most unusual piece of instrument used in this song was the piece of what looked like a pipe used by the percussionist and it sounded great, I recall similar sounding instrument in the original song as well. Here the sweeping violins and the rumble of the timpani was very effectively arranged which rendered me to have goosebumps all over.<br /><br />This concert had not one but three encores and the crowd was on it's feet with the first one and never got a chance to sit down due to the energy that was generated on the stage with such songs as \\"Desert Rose\\" \\"She's too good for me\\" where I could swear that the entire band was on steroids and finally the beautifully rendered \\"Fragile\\" on a squeaky clean sounding acoustic guitar with the entire orchestra accompanying without making their presence felt. However, that was not the end of the concert as Sting came back and this time only his voice filled the arena when he rendered \\"I was brought to my senses\\" where he proved beyond any doubt that his 58 year old vocal chords were in perfect shape and did not need anything to accompany it. I was also brought to my senses when I realized I was watching a DVD and not the real live performance in the front row.<br /><br />Make no mistake this is not an anthology of Sting's repertoire, nor it is a greatest hits collection. All the songs were restructured, orchestrated and arranged with utmost care leaving the integrity of the original in most cases. The quote that comes to my mind is \\"It's true some wines improve with age. But only if the grapes were good in the first place.\\" All the songs here were gems back then and with the treatment given, what I would term as classical twist, have improved to a level where they demand to be heard (and watched).Whether you are a fan or just curious about what Sting's music has to offer this is a good place to start.senses when I realized I was watching a DVD and not the real live performance in the front row.    Make no mistake this is not an anthology of Sting's repertoire, nor it is a greatest hits collection. All the songs were restructured, orchestrated and arranged with utmost care leaving the integrity of the original in most cases. The quote that comes to my mind is \\"It's true some wines improve with age. But only if the grapes were good in the first place.\\" All the songs here were gems back then and with the treatment given, what I would term as classical twist, have improved to a level where they demand to be heard (and watched).Whether you are a fan or just curious about what Sting's music has to offer this is a good place to start.
B003954I9C|5.0|This album is pretty much what I expected from AJ Mclean. There is a huge mix of upbeat pop beats, as well as ballads. My favorite tracks on this album are \\"London\\", & \\"What if\\". \\"London\\", has an awesome melody and great lyrical content. AJ's voice is so melodic and soothing. He was definitely made to sing! If you are looking for something great to listen too, this is the CD for you! I wish this CD was more widespread, a US release would be great!
B003Q7B78S|3.0|If there's one thing that's clear from watching \\"Orlando\\", it's that director Sally Potter has a keen sense of beauty. This is evident not only in the cinematography, but also in the soundtrack, which is often unusual, but always effective. At times, the sheer aesthetic artistry of the film seemed to take precedence over the actual plot. Many of the scenes move at an unnaturally slow pace, drawing the viewer's attention to the visual and emotional nuances of each individual shot rather than to the broader sequence of events.<br /><br />Potter's directing style is especially effective at depicting the ridiculous excesses and hypocrisy of the British aristocracy. It is fascinating to see Orlando as both a beneficiary and a victim of the social institutions of his time (or rather, times).<br /><br />I was initially somewhat surprised to learn that a single actress was chosen to portray Orlando both as a male and as a female. Although there is no doubt some symbolic significance to this choice, Tilda Swanson's unmistakably feminine appearance and voice leave her absolutely unconvincing as a man. This only serves to downplay the intensity of the moment when his/her transformation actually takes place.<br /><br />That having been said, Swanson's performance is remarkable in almost every other aspect. Her response to each turn of events in the film is always marked by a vague sense of detachment, which seemed entirely appropriate for a character who transcends so many natural boundaries throughout the course of the story. Rather than being bored by this reserved performance, I found myself drawn in by the mysterious nature of her character.<br /><br />For all of the film's positive aspects, Potter's storytelling was a little disappointing. After touching on an array of mostly unresolved problems, the film just ends with virtually no closure, save for a not-so-subtle statement that some important life-affirming transformation had taken place in the main character. This rather forced resolution seemed to refer to a conflict that I was not even aware of in the first place. Also, while I don't want to be guilty of any spoilers, I have to comment that the last thirty seconds or so of the film contained what has be one of the most ludicrous plot devices I have ever seen on film.<br /><br />These flaws weren't enough to make me want to trash the film entirely. In deciding on a rating, I'm inclined to award it bonus points simply for its sheer uniqueness. Certain individual parts of the movie were fascinating, but the it didn't hold together well taken as a whole. More than anything, it served to make me more curious about the book.efer to a conflict that I was not even aware of in the first place. Also, while I don't want to be guilty of any spoilers, I have to comment that the last thirty seconds or so of the film contained what has be one of the most ludicrous plot devices I have ever seen on film.    These flaws weren't enough to make me want to trash the film entirely. In deciding on a rating, I'm inclined to award it bonus points simply for its sheer uniqueness. Certain individual parts of the movie were fascinating, but the it didn't hold together well taken as a whole. More than anything, it served to make me more curious about the book.
0060899190|5.0|Great book got it for my Teen ager for The Holidays, alot of schools are promoting this book a good read
B001UV4XFG|5.0|This double disc movie is great! Each movie in this saga has gotten better and better. I'm not ashamed to say that even though I am a big Twilight fan, I did not give the first move a very good rating. New Moon was better, and Eclipse has surpassed them to become the best!    The actors all did a better job - they actually portrayed their characters this time. In the past movies, some of them didn't do their characters justice, they didn't play the parts that were already written for us that we had fallen in love with through Stephanie's books. In this movie, Edward and Bella actually seemed more like Edward and Bella should be.     I also loved that the supporting characters got more face time - they all do such a wonderful job, and are such charismatic characters. I'm glad they got more screen time. I also loved that flashbacks were included in the movie. We got to see flashbacks from Jasper and Rosalie's pasts - while we already knew what happened, it was cool to see it play out on screen.     The chemistry between the Edward, Bella, and Jacob love triangle was also better than ever. I loved the scenes between Jacob and Bella - Jacob is a fighter!     There were of course some awkward parts in the movie - some parts that were a bit rushed or a bit out of left field, that as a book reader I could keep up with but still wished they had done it a bit differently.     All in all, 5 stars!
B002ZG99QS|4.0|This review is from: Tron: Legacy (DVD)<br />Not too long ago, I became interested in the music of Daft Punk and bought and reviewed two of their live albums (1997 and 2007). They were excellent. As such, I was looking over the other available selections and found that the \\"Tron Legacy Soundtrack Album\\" was coming out. I ordered it well in advance of the release date. It was an excellent soundtrack album but my impression was that the music was more symphonic orchestra than Daft Punk. Nevertheless, it was excellent music and my feeling was that it will undoubtedly gain an academy award nomination as best soundtrack of the year. We'll see. In any case, I was wondering what the music might sound like in a cavernous theater environment so last night my wife and I took in the \\"Tron Legacy\\" movie.<br /><br />We both enjoyed the movie, but it took us a long time to be won over. Somehow the story seemed implausible and rather thin. Mostly it consisted of rather spectacular action scenes involving martial arts, racing cars, space-age motorcycles, fighting of all kinds, guns of every type and a wide variety of other violence. It was interesting and I'm always left in awe of how they ever manage to make these movies. Really incredible! In any case, the thin plot involving computer, father, son, electronic girlfriend and so forth all involved in a gigantic sci-fi chase scene finally won us over and we'd say that it was an interesting and enjoyable movie. Would I buy the movie to watch again on DVD? Probably not.<br /><br />But remember, I wasn't there primarily for the movie, but rather to hear the Daft Punk soundtrack. Well, it was a bit disappointing. Our theater's sound system was not as good as I expected. Also, the soundtrack CD has only the music, whereas the movie has the music plus a plethora of miscellaneous noises to go along with it. Plus the soundtrack of the movie was quite considerably longer than the soundtrack album on CD. Did I enjoy it? Yes. It was excellent, but my feeling is that the CD is better for the music part alone. Also, I wish the mix would have emphasized Daft Punk to a greater degree.<br /><br />Gary Petersonthat the CD is better for the music part alone. Also, I wish the mix would have emphasized Daft Punk to a greater degree.     Gary Peterson
B0042RUMJG|5.0|Sound is so clean and clear. DTS-HD and PCM are provided. 21 songs 125 minutes.  All the singers and most/all of the instruments are individually wire-miked.  Camera work and lighting are first rate too.  I have the Synphonicity CD too, and I think this concert has more interesting performances of the songs, and more songs.  For a long-time Sting fan, this is the best. I was spellbound.
030746363X|1.0|Had high hopes for this book after reading the Four Hour Work Week and following Tim Ferriss's blog and other published articles.  However, this book is way too long and provides advice that is alternately obvious, unrealistic, unclear or unhealthy.  Seems like success has gone to Tim's head in many ways.  Unfortunately I think he [somewhat successfully] is trying to game his way to success in all aspects of his life rather than work hard in smart and efficient ways.  The only good use for this book is as a paper weight as it's insanely long and correspondingly heavy.
1439107955|5.0|Cancer patients (and their families) will recognize in this breakthrough work the voice of a master physician deeply attuned to his patients. Here is a doctor who tells the truth about how cancer feels, how it looks, how it behaves. And here is a doctor consumed by the stories of his patients, and haunted by the decisions he makes. With a scientist's instinct to \\"give shape to the shape-shifting illness I was confronting,\\" he sees, with the eye of a novelist, that the lives and fates of his patients are part of much larger story.  And so he sets out, \\"with a novice's hunger for history,\\" to answer urgent questions: how old is cancer? How did we get here? Is there an end? Can the war be won?   It's an ambitious, compelling and complex achievement. Engrossing, at times terrifying, he has, in the process of investigating his own questions,  uncovered one of the  most extraordinary medical dramas in human history: how, for 4,000 years, people have battled against the emperor of all maladies,  \\"to outwit, to outlive, to survive.\\"     Mukherjee takes us into the clinic, and into the lab, making modern cancer science accessible.  He explains the delicate subtle quandaries that confront today's practitioners  and his discussions of critical scientific questions are lucid and exciting to read.   He draws gripping  portraits of medical researchers who pioneered today's treatments (chemotherapy, radiation, stem cell transplants)   Ultimately, Mukherjee wants us to understand the \\"psyche\\" of cancer, what he calls its \\"moody saturnine volcanic unpredictability\\".   But the book is braced and framed by the experiences of patients, Mukherjee's own, and those at the epicenter of clinical breakthroughs whose stories he recreates with compassionate eloquence . In the end,   Mukherjee's biggest success may be the way he has re-positioned our culture's way of seeing the disease: he transforms the sufferings of patients into something universal, and profoundly human.
B0007939NO|4.0|Brought back many memories of Kelly, Johnson, and Cyd Charise at their acting and dancing best in this film. Musical score was great!
0810979772|4.0|Kinney hits another one out of the ballpark. This is one of those books that I have to continually ask my son to put down at the dinner table. Great for reluctant readers.
B003XKPPOU|5.0|My 6 year old loves everything Toy Story and this was the highlight of her Christmas. What a fun show about the life of toys. SSo touching and moving.
B001RCD2DW|5.0|** Sound **     Excellent clarity, lacking in bass, sort of clinical sounding, but despite their analytical sound, they sound wonderful and I wouldn't trade them for anything.  While I wish the bass was a couple dB louder, the clarity is so enticing that its no big deal.  Unlike my speaker system(s), I can hear every component through these.  I feel silly even saying this, but when I switched USB cables from my DAC to my computer (which was unintended) I heard an improvement.  I swapped them back and forth listening to the same track, and there was most definitely a difference.  No other headphones I've owned or heard, I don't think, could resolve something so petty.      (FYI I'm not at all an audiophile, and I don't advocate expensive boutique cables;  The difference I heard was between a 4' generic usb cable with ferrite beads on both sides, and a green 6' Belkin cable.  The belkin was clearer.  Also I realize that usb is digital,  which should mean bit perfect, but apparently not with streaming high speed digital that has no parity)    ** Comfort **    The most comfortable headphone ever.  I even wear them when they're not playing music sometimes at my desk to keep my ears warm.      ** Other **    Anything you hear, the guy sitting next to you can hear.  And anything the guy sitting next to you does, you can hear.    I can have full conversations while wearing these headphones, as ridiculous as I may look.
B002ZG98J6|5.0|My daughter loves this movie and she was so excited to get the 3 disc copy. It is a great show about mythology and is lots of fun.
B003YFIUW8|5.0|The writing style of this book was so refreshing. I totally felt that I was being told this story by a 5 year old boy. The author's ability to represent things from that perspective was amazing. I felt every emotion, fear, awe, love, hate that the character's felt.
B001BMKOZW|5.0|I just love this Daron Malakian. I always thought he had a great voice. Hearing him singing a whole album is lovely! I've listened this album a couple of times now and I already think it's a classic.
B00003CX5P|1.0|This movie could not stand alone. Way too weak in plot and character development. Do like Natalie but her playing dual roles is too much. Often her voice is robot/carboard like. Only reason to purchase this is because it is the first of the Star Wars series.
B0015DROBO|2.0|Since I had a $3 credit and the book was on sale for $5, I thought I'd see what all the fuss is about. Having finished the book, I really don't know what 5-star people are thinking.<br /><br />Nothing happens for the first 70% of the book, the characters are mainly researching. How can this be made into a movie?? Until the end of the book, there's no action at all, there's no way I'd call this a \\"thriller\\", a murder mystery maybe. I found the description highly misleading.<br /><br />As other reviewers have mentioned, all the women are pervertedly sexually abused and the murders are also sexually perverted and it's all described in graphic detail. Was the author obsessed?<br /><br />About the only redeeming quality were the descriptions of various places in Sweden. Not many stories take place there so it was a refreshing change of scenery.<br /><br />Not a book I would recommend and I will definitely NOT be getting the other two in the series or seeing the movie(s). I wish I had used my $3 on something else.
1935251740|1.0|I read some glowing reviews of this book on Amazon.  I find the hypothesis appealing and hoped to find some cogent arguments by the author to support it, but I didn't find any.  The writing was amateurish.
0793563836|5.0|This was bought as a birthday present for my son. He received it on time and is very happily working his way through it.
B002AR9YPI|5.0|I have to admit my first experience with Grizzly Bear was their song 'Slow Life' on the Twilight 'New Moon' soundtrack, and while some people dismiss everything to do with the mass cultural phenomenom of Twilight, I have to say I am thankful to the music director of these films as they have introduced me to some wonderful music I might not have heard otherwise. After loving 'Slow Life' more than the movie it was in, I immediately bought this album and 'Yellow House'. 'Veckatimest' is my favorite of the two, and the highest praise I can give Grizzly Bear is this: no matter what sort of day I'm having, I can turn this on and I am swept away into a place of joy and peace. I have since termed their music my chill out mix, and I love it more every time I listen to it! My favorite songs on the album are 'Ready, Able', 'While You Wait For the Others', 'Cheerleader', and 'About Face', but the whole album is just breathtakingly gorgeous. It has a feel of 60's era psychedelic rock, the song 'Crimson and Clover' by Tommy James comes to my mind, but it is so much more as well. The layers of harmony and rhythm are haunting, and will stick in your mind forever! If you are trying to decide if you need it, trust me, you do. A must have!
B000RZIGVS|5.0|Great series.  Did not like the disk holder from the company.  I took them out and put them in folders.
B00377V6J2|5.0|Sorry it took so long - rec'd the cd in great condition and very promptly.  Well packaged.  Would purchase from this seller again.
1878424505|5.0|A life-changing little book. Sometimes the secrets of life are so simple we miss them. I like that the book is fairly short too. The author doesn't waste any time getting to what you really need to know to be changed.
B002GY9F9K|5.0|Amazing.  And Richard Cypher is HOT.  I can see why the show got cancelled, because it's extremely predictable.  But the quality isn't that of the normal sci-fi low budget shows.  The plot is good, the stunts are well done, making me wonder if perhaps the actors do their own.  I highly recommend the series if you are into sci-fi/fantasy series like I am.
B001P9KR94|5.0|Most of the people that have criticized this movie have complained of the horrors that our hero faces.  Quite frankly, they have a valid point.  The gritty nature of this movie is probably a shock to the system for most.  I know it was for me.  But if you sit down to watch this movie, you realize that so much of our knowledge isn't learned in school.  It's learned every day as we face reality, even if that reality is a cruel one (as in Jamal's case).<br /><br />Jamal's back story (and the reason he knows the answers to India's version of, \\"Who Wants to be a Millionaire\\") is startling and charming and important, all at the same time.  If you really want to understand everything good about this movie, take it in and let yourself be affected by the tragedy portrayed.  No doubt, there are many \\"slumdogs\\" out there who face loss and human cruelty far worse than Jamal did in this film.  Can you imagine?  Because of the lessons I learned and because this movie didn't shy away from teaching me them, it deserves every accolade.
B004047XXO|1.0|I bought this title to watch on my 3D television.. . .however you must wear the glasses that come with the movie for it to appear like it is 3D.  Cute movie - but disappointing buy - it plays the same on any tv - 3d or not.
B002ZG980U|5.0|All I can say is don't stray away for 30 seconds because you will miss a vital part of the plot. This movie is like a great album, you don't understand it at first, and it gets better the more you watch. I have never had a movie mess with my mind the way Inception does. I had the weirdest dreams after I saw it for the first time. I recommend watching it alone if you are the type of person who doesn't like any distractions or annoying people during a movie. A must see!
0312600844|1.0|There isn't a lot to say that hasn't been articulated by so many before me. I was sorely disappointed. Sorely. The greatest tragedy is that Franzen--a self-proclaimed environmentalist--would allow so many millions of trees to go to their graves over nearly 600 pages of pure drivel. The even greater tragedy is that so many good books came out this year ([[ASIN:1566892406 Drowning Tucson]], by Aaron Michael Morales was hands down the most amazingly brutal in a way that makes Freedom look like a pop-up book), and this poorly written, horribly reasoned, sparsely edited, and overtly masturbatory tome has managed to be praised as a book of the year. Esquire hails it as the great American novel of our time? Time magazine? Oprah? Has Franzen himself become a meme? I'm afraid so.<br /><br />Look, in all honesty, I enjoyed earlier work by him. And I do not review books that I consider to be one-star books. I figure the author has enough work trying to find readership without contributing to the potential death of his career. But the Franzen worship has gotten to a level that's borderline maniacal, so I feel that it is my duty to add my one-star review if for no other reason than to possibly turn away a reader who is on the fence. Save your money. Don't worry. Apparently Franzen will be fine. He's swimming in money and laughing all the way to the bank over the fact that he belched out this horrible novel and the media went crazy for it. Do yourself a favor and read a different book. Patti Smith's wonderfully written, National-Book-Award-winning book, [[ASIN:0060936223 Just Kids]]? Sure thing. The new Ellis novel, [[ASIN:0307266109 Imperial Bedrooms]]? Have at it. Just save yourself the hassle of slogging through this novel with no pay off. Apparently even Franzen's editor couldn't make it through the whole thing either.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I just finished reading the third and final book. This was a really amazing series and I couldn't stop reading until the book was finished. Seriously, read this book.
B0002XMH24|5.0|Although now a perennial holiday favorite, in first run \\"Wonderful Life\\" failed to earn back its $3.7 million cost.<br /><br />Shortly after its release, the FBI cited this movie's anti-banker plotline as a common ploy used by Communists. There may be some truth here, for the story was partly scripted by Dalton Trumbo, playwright Clifford Odets and poet/critic Dorothy Parker. All three were investigated for possible Communist activities. Trumbo and Parker were both blacklisted. Odets avoided the same fate by cooperatively naming his \\"fellow travelers.\\"<br /><br />SYNOPSIS--<br />After a large sum of his customers' money is inadvertantly lost, businessman George Bailey (Stewart) attempts suicide by jumping off a bridge into an icy river. He's rescued by an angel named Clarence (Travers). In a clever variation of Dickens' Christmas spirits visiting Scrooge, Clarence shows the despairing man how the townspeople of Bedford Falls would be far worse off if George Bailey never existed.<br /><br />\\"It's a Wonderful Life\\" is also available on [[ASIN:B000VDDDVO DVD]]. (Includes the colorized version.)<br /><br />Related item:<br />A year after this picture, Cary Grant, Loretta Young and David Niven starred in THE BISHOP'S WIFE. Here, Grant is angel Dudley, come to help Bishop Brougham and his wife Julia. Unlike Capra's often dark tale, this one's consistently light and charming. One of Cary Grant's best movies.  ([[ASIN:B00004XMSN VHS]])  ([[ASIN:B000056HE9 DVD]])<br /><br />Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.<br /><br />(8.7) It's a Wonderful Life (1946) - James Stewart/Donna Reed/Lionel Barrymore/Thomas Mitchell/Beulah Bondi/Frank Faylen/Ward Bond/Gloria Grahame/H.B. Warner/Frank Albertson/Todd Karns/Samuel S. Hinds/Sarah Edwards/Sheldon Leonard (uncredited: Carl 'Alfalfa' Switzer/Meade 'Lux' Lewis/Lane Chandler)
B003D5X3VM|4.0|If you haven't noticed, female jazz vocalists have fallen upon tough times since the days of Ella, Sarah, Carmen and Shirley Horn.  But unlike male vocalists, they aren't all but extinct.  The scarcity of male jazz singers has less to do with the talent out there than with finding listeners who have any interest in it.  Since Sinatra, Torme, and the occasional release by the iconic Tony Bennett, the only male vocalist to receive much attention is the gifted Kurt Elling.<br /><br />Porter has a voice that is frequently reminiscent of Elling's, even if his scatting and vocalese are not quite up to that level as yet.  Its full, slightly rough baritone quality has an \\"edge\\" that could easily overwhelm the spare accompaniment on a recording like this were the instruments--especially the piano--not miked exceptionally close and placed far forward in the mix.<br /><br />It's a long program--over an hour--that would challenge any vocalist to sustain interest without the help of a full orchestra arranged by Riddle or Mandel.  Porter fares better, perhaps, than Tom Vopat, whose recent Harold Arlen tribute album, despite the undeniable talents and appealing voice of the featured artist, becomes strangely wearing about half way through.<br /><br />This is one of those albums that hearkens back to the '70s in its refusal to provide any relevant information (such as identifying the musicians).  Nevertheless, the evidence suggests that Porter has worked closely with this rhythm section, which is unusually free and empathetic without seeming overly organized or merely \\"tight.\\"  (There were times I had to concentrate especially hard to find \\"one,\\" even though the beat itself was clear and pronounced.)<br /><br />The songs are appealing enough, but as with most original material these days, there's excessive emphasis on the Dorian, or minor, modality.  Also, the vocal power has a tendency to overwhelm some of the sensitivities implied by lyrics expressing the tenderness of love, or the wonder and feelings provoked by nature.  Only in \\"1960s What?\\" did some of that angry rhetoric seem entirely appropriate to the power of the words (suggestive of the 1960s notorious \\"Algiers Motel\\" incident in Detroit.)<br /><br />Alto, flugel, and trombone are all used sparingly and tastefully.  The altoist employs the virtually generic, tightly wound, \\"squeezed\\" sound that has been in vogue ever since fusion and New Age music became ubiquitous (where have the individual instrumental voices gone?  the inimitable, \\"full-throated,\\" embodied sound of Cannonball, Stitt, Desmond, Pepper, Woods, Bird--or Hodges?).<br /><br />A highlight is the minimalist but highly effective accompaniment supplied by the pianist.  He pulls off an especially beautiful and surprising key modulation in the introduction to Hoagy's/Mercer's \\"Skylark\\" and contributes a very simple yet daring solo on Van Heusen's \\"But Beautiful,\\" in which his playing of the melody in the lower register with his left hand is reminiscent of the arranging of Gordon Jenkins, Sinatra's most frequent arranger after Nelson Riddle.  On these two songs, as well as the last three vocal-piano duets, Porter is at his very best, elevating the lyrics to poetry, playing freely with the time, phrasing without regard to meter or occasionally singing way behind the beat without \\"losing\\" it.<br /><br />In short, a frequently rewarding album by a highly promising new male voice.d by nature.  Only in \\"1960s What?\\" did some of that angry rhetoric seem entirely appropriate to the power of the words (suggestive of the 1960s notorious \\"Algiers Motel\\" incident in Detroit.)    Alto, flugel, and trombone are all used sparingly and tastefully.  The altoist employs the virtually generic, tightly wound, \\"squeezed\\" sound that has been in vogue ever since fusion and New Age music became ubiquitous (where have the individual instrumental voices gone?  the inimitable, \\"full-throated,\\" embodied sound of Cannonball, Stitt, Desmond, Pepper, Woods, Bird--or Hodges?).    A highlight is the minimalist but highly effective accompaniment supplied by the pianist.  He pulls off an especially beautiful and surprising key modulation in the introduction to Hoagy's/Mercer's \\"Skylark\\" and contributes a very simple yet daring solo on Van Heusen's \\"But Beautiful,\\" in which his playing of the melody in the lower register with his left hand is reminiscent of the arranging of Gordon Jenkins, Sinatra's most frequent arranger after Nelson Riddle.  On these two songs, as well as the last three vocal-piano duets, Porter is at his very best, elevating the lyrics to poetry, playing freely with the time, phrasing without regard to meter or occasionally singing way behind the beat without \\"losing\\" it.    In short, a frequently rewarding album by a highly promising new male voice.
B001R6ALE6|2.0|Two-star rating is for technical quality, not the merit of this classic Frank Capra holiday film.<br /><br />IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE was one of the first motion pictures to undergo computer colorization in the mid-1980s. Results of this process were then at best mediocre. No true reds (they often look brown), and an overabundance of pastels and broad-brush tinting made this one of the color-enhanced movies that stigmatized the process, perhaps for all time.<br /><br />Although now a perennial holiday favorite, in first run \\"Wonderful Life\\" failed to earn back its $3.7 million cost.<br /><br />Shortly after its release, the FBI cited this movie's anti-banker plotline as a common ploy used by Communists. There may be some truth here, for the story was partly scripted by Dalton Trumbo, playwright Clifford Odets and poet/critic Dorothy Parker. All three were investigated for possible Communist activities. Trumbo and Parker were both blacklisted. Odets avoided the same fate by cooperatively naming his \\"fellow travelers.\\"<br /><br />SYNOPSIS--<br />After a large sum of his customers' money is inadvertantly lost, businessman George Bailey (Stewart) attempts suicide by jumping off a bridge into an icy river. He's rescued by an angel named Clarence (Travers). In a clever variation of Dickens' Christmas spirits visiting Scrooge, Clarence shows the despairing man how the townspeople of Bedford Falls would be far worse off if George Bailey never existed.<br /><br />Related item:<br />A year after this picture, Cary Grant, Loretta Young and David Niven starred in THE BISHOP'S WIFE. Here, Grant is angel Dudley, come to help Bishop Brougham and his wife Julia. Unlike Capra's often dark tale, this one's consistently light and charming. One of Cary Grant's best movies.  ([[ASIN:B00004XMSN VHS]])  ([[ASIN:B000056HE9 DVD]])<br /><br />Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.<br /><br />(8.7) It's a Wonderful Life (1946) - James Stewart/Donna Reed/Lionel Barrymore/Thomas Mitchell/Beulah Bondi/Frank Faylen/Ward Bond/Gloria Grahame/H.B. Warner/Frank Albertson/Todd Karns/Samuel S. Hinds/Sarah Edwards/Sheldon Leonard (uncredited: Carl 'Alfalfa' Switzer/Meade 'Lux' Lewis/Lane Chandler)Barrymore/Thomas Mitchell/Beulah Bondi/Frank Faylen/Ward Bond/Gloria Grahame/H.B. Warner/Frank Albertson/Todd Karns/Samuel S. Hinds/Sarah Edwards/Sheldon Leonard (uncredited: Carl 'Alfalfa' Switzer/Meade 'Lux' Lewis/Lane Chandler)
0307272702|5.0|Once again, Gary Taubes sets the science world on its ear by challenging it to look at actual evidence, rather than religiously held beliefs, for the hypothesis that weight is dependent on the simple equation of calories-in/calories-out. He explains the hypothesis, then debunks it skillfully and quickly, and points us to the real causes of obesity (not to mention heart disease, stroke, diabetes and cancer), which have nothing to do with dietary fat or sedentary lifestyles and everything to do with dietary carbohydrate intake and insulin response. If you read no other book this year, read this one, and share it with your friends and family.
B002T9H2LA|5.0|Quentin Tarantino's follow-up to \\"Death Proof\\" is a scalpin' good time, and is a pleasant alternate reality of how World War II ended. Brad Pitt, Eli Roth, Diane Kruger, Melanie Laurent & Christoph Waltz are pitch-perfect in their roles. Fun movie all the way through. Much better than \\"Jackie Brown,\\" which was too slow for my taste. But \\"Pulp Fiction\\" & \\"Kill Bill\\" (I think of it as one movie) were absolutely spot-on, vintage Tarentino, and this glorious movie is right up there with them, ranking as one of his finest. It was also nice to see Achilles & Helen meet for the first time in a movie. The extended and alternate scenes are worth viewing; however, a commentary explaining why the scenes were cut from the film would have worked. SPOILER!!! I so did not expect Zoller to kill Shoshanna. SPOILER OVER!!! It would have been nice also if Shoshanna had killed the French traitor. Just my two cents on what I think should also have occurred in the film. I highly recommend the movie. Let's kill some Nazis. Rated R, but should have been rated PG-13.
B004259BMM|3.0|I love Keith Urban music but all the hype over this new CD was too much. The CD is ok at best, but in my opinion not his best stuff.
0060853972|5.0|When I read the forward, which was enjoyable on its own, I chuckled at the people who produced copies of their books in  plastic bags and held together with tape to be signed by the two authors. However, what I found even more fascinating were the people who handed over brand new copies, looking a bit upset because their original copy had been lent out and never returned, or finally disintegrated after too many re-readings. Little did I know that after finishing Good Omens, which I can safely say  is one of the most amusing and entertaining books I have read, I proceeded to tall all my friends about it. It got to the point where I was thrusting my copy of the book into their hands insisting that the read it.      Each person I shared the book with loved it, until I lent it to someone leaving the country. I was a little sad I never got  the book back, but there is a small sense of accomplishment that my copy of Good Omens is currently somewhere near the Himalayas. So now I know why those fans had looked so sad and somewhat embarrassed about presenting a pristine copy to Gaimen and Pratchett for their signatures, it's a book you read and re-read because it is just as enjoyable the second or fifth time around. It's intelligent and funny, with lovable characters that are quirky and fun.    I have read several books from both authors individually, and I love both of their writing styles and talents. This book blends the two and highlights their unique quirks and talents seamlessly. If you enjoy either author, or even both authors, you will love Good Omens.
B00005RHGL|1.0|I'd have loved to review this video, but as it is from a different zone than me I'm unable. Clearly stating the area and country I'm from doesn't have much impact. Perhaps one day I'll visit the USA and then be able to see it.
B003FVI2KQ|5.0|I was happy with an Intel Core Duo for Gaming and other stuff, but when I wanted to go with the Microsoft Flight Simulator again the Core Duo sucked. MS Flight Simulator needs alot more CPU power than any other game out there and the 1090T has more than I needed. In combination with Motherboard MSI 890GXM-G65 and a 4870 videocard and all settings to \\"high\\" I get an average of 30fps in MS Flight Simulator. Even with complex add-on airports it doesn't drop below 20fps (where I had 7-10fps before)    Video editing is also more fun then ever before. With other games like Battlefield BC2, the CPU ist just bored.    I ran some \\"burn-in\\" tests with the software Heavyload and checked temperatures with HWMonitor. I expected it to be a little high because of the low-profile Scythe Zipang cooler I use. But with 81°F with just internet browsing and 140°F after 2hrs full load (CPU 100% for two hours) No overclocking in my case... I am absolutely happy!     The performance/price ratio is just unbeatable!
B000002MTU|5.0|Great CD, if you like the Blues and Eric Clapton you will really enjoy this. Great seller, super fast shipping.
B001N1DPDE|5.0|As an outdoor enthusiast, I am looking for versatility to minimize bulk and weight. The campanion is a heavy duty medium size knife that meets my needs for outdoor utility. I am very satisfied with this product and the seller.
0812974786|5.0|I love this book and am so happy to have belatedly discovered this author. It is written in simple language, in a form resembling a parable, and contains profound implications regarding both the tragic and transcendent nature of life. In a text that is moving, philosophical and spiritual, Hesse has distilled his perception of aspects of Eastern thought into a wholly accessible work. Siddhartha's struggle to let go of the Self, to move beyond it, is a key through line in this story. In his various states of rich and poor and in-between, Siddhartha's senses are awakened, only to be deadened again, at which time he resumes his search, in an effort to discover the root of his dissatisfaction in his various realms of experience, whether material or non-material. He suffers, he is gluttonous, he is ascetic, he is lustful (at least, in the context of a monogamous relationship) and decadent. However, in all of those states Siddhartha observes his life with detachment. He moves on from, and lets go of, anyone who would interfere with his quest, and in doing so still has faith that any of the those who are truly important to him will return, or be returned, to him. All of Siddhartha's mentors/gurus from the different stages of his life have significance, but ultimately none of them have importance. Because all men are part of an overarching unity that includes bad and good, saint and sinner, and all the other complements that exist in life. And within those contradictions lies the key to fully understanding this story. I can actually say I learned something from this book, that being: &#34;Be careful about judging others, because all those others are in you&#34;. This is a great book with which to start off the New Year! I am looking forward to reading more of Hesse's work.<br /><br />Stephen C. Bird, Author of &#34;Any Resemblance To A Coincidence Is Accidental&#34;
B003NFM3JK|4.0|I like this movie and it is a dark story but the way christmas present dies is a little heavy but its a good treatment of the story
0439023521|5.0|In The Hunger Games, Collins creates a wonderful read that transcends the pages of the book and leaves you begging to know what happens next. I would highly recommend the entire series since I could not put these books down. You'll be up at night losing sleep so I would suggest reading this book on the weekend or on vacation! I borrowed the book originally and had to buy my own copy because I had to read it again. The story and the characters will stick with you long after you turn the last page.    The only word of caution I have is that due to the nature of the subject of the book, it is graphic at times and may not be appropriate for young or squeamish readers.
B0000E1WKE|2.0|Nice CD, but not what I expected. I was hoping more traditional songs in her voice, with a bit of Chritmas rythm.
B001MYIXAC|4.0|\\"Let the Right One In\\" is a terrific little movie. It is hard to pigeonhole this as a horror movie since the \\"horror\\" aspect is secondary to it's main premise which is isolation and loneliness. The \\"horror\\" aspect is all together more startling since this is an  unconventional and unpredictable film.<br /><br />The movie is about a lonely, [practically] abandoned and physically immature kid. He's weird and get bullied a lot. Because his parents are divorced and the mother does not give him that much attention, his abuse and loneliness are all the more excasperated.<br /><br />As he hangs out at his apartment complex, which is all that he has to do, he befriends another lonely child...who just happens to be a vampire. They both are lonely yet for very different reasons. She's lonely because she is a monster. However, their mutual companionship develops a bond where each charactor sets aside or accepts any flaws of the other.<br /><br />As their relationship blossoms, so does the deadly vampirical activites of the little girl. Eventually the boy finds out about it and the vampire candidly discloses her tendencies. It does not matter to the boy since he is so hungry for companionship and acceptance. Of course as the movie proceeds so does the vampire's increasing hunger for blood. Eventually, the beast in the vampire inevitably must conflict with the innocense of the relationship.<br /><br />Once again, this is a small and subtle movie. It is hardly a big scale production. The plot relies on charactor development and emotion as opposed to action and excessive violence. Some viewers discuss the climax as though it's some, phenomenal piece of terrifying action. In reality, the ending is merely symbolic and consistent with the relationship that was created throughout the story.<br /><br />Not only is this a unique way to tell a vampire story but, also, the setting, in a nordic, snow-covered, urban landscape is quite different from the usual vampire fare.<br /><br />What makes this movie special is not the scares or gore (which there are) but rather  the very proven success in telling a very adult tale through child's eyes...a la \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\". Vampire films are a dime a dozen but when it is told through a child's perspective it can be very creepy.<br /><br />This is a very good movie done in a unique way. On it's own, it is certainly quality film making. As compared to the \\"horror\\" genre, it's heads and tails above the ususal making this among the best vampire movies.gore (which there are) but rather  the very proven success in telling a very adult tale through child's eyes...a la \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\". Vampire films are a dime a dozen but when it is told through a child's perspective it can be very creepy.    This is a very good movie done in a unique way. On it's own, it is certainly quality film making. As compared to the \\"horror\\" genre, it's heads and tails above the ususal making this among the best vampire movies.
B0013JG7IQ|5.0|An interesting take on The Magic Flute by the well-known director Branagh! Joseph Kaiser, a wonderful tenor who sings at the Metropolitan Opera, is outstanding as Tamino. Rene Pape, the famous world star bass, is a fabulous Sarastro. Amy Carson is a sweet Pamina. The underrated( Juilliard graduate ) James Conlon's conducting, rates as one of the best!
0439023521|4.0|Wow! What an amazing book. One of the best books I read in 2010. I look forward to the sequels.<br />This book was full of all the stuff I love, family and love, loss, survival, underdogs winning, a love connection, personal/individual growth and most of all, lucky breaks.<br />There are so many reviews on this book that I don't want to rehash everything, but I look forward to the next chapter of Katniss's journey.
B0031RDUX8|5.0|This is a comment on the series to date. They are entrancing books. Once I turn page 1.....I'm done and nothing else happens in our house till the last page is turned and I've checked when the next one is out!  (For the HP lovers there's a nice link to DD's old friend Nicholas Flamel.)Currently I'm awaiting The Warlock and wondering how Michael will bring this interesting series to a close with the Enchantress. Michael takes key historical characters, sets them in this world of mobile phones and computers and proceeds to spin a rich alternative reality of their place in history, admixing human and archetypal characters alike. The series would make a wonderful film series! Great read for all ages.
0765309408|5.0|I read through some of the reviews. I'm not quite grasping why so many people can't accept a book for being simply entertaining. This is a good, solid, imaginative story. I loved the main character. I found the dialogue funny and laughed out loud many times. The banter between the Old Farts was fun. It did cross my mind that it is unlikely that you'd find a group of people who actually talk like that in real life but so what. Yes, a few characters were rather cliche, but again...so what. Why must everything be required to be an outstanding work of literature? I'm also confused by the debate about whether this is real sci-fi. It seems the low ratings come from rather pretentious people who feel a book must be difficult to understand to be worth reading and to be considered real sci-fi. I'm an avid reader and I read every genre out there. Sometimes I want a simple, fun, adventerous story that requires little from me excpet to enjoy the ride. This book fits that bill.
B000JMLFLW|5.0|I don't know how I made it to this point in life without reading such a classic, but I decided to read it during my break from teaching on my Kindle, and it is simply a great read. It took me a few chapters to get into it, but give it time. I read it in 2 days, and have told everyone how much I loved it since I finished.
B002ZG97E2|5.0|2010's \\"Despicable Me\\" is an unexpected delight for the whole family, featuring first rate life-like animination, fun characters, and a surprising storyline.<br /><br />Steve Carell provides the voice of Dru, criminal supervillian and genius, who drives a rocket ship and inhabits a old house with a ludicrously vast underground laboratory, populated by dozens of little \\"minions\\" (who practically steal the movie with their antics).  Dru is planning his masterstroke crime, to shrink and steal the moon.  However, he discovers he has competition in the form of the self-styled Vector, a brash young supervillian who has possession of a shrinking ray.  Dru will hastily adopt three adorable young orphan girls as his way into Vector's citadel to steal the shrink ray.  Dru is soon on his way to the Moon, when things get complicated.  Dru will have to choose between his criminal success and his unexpected feelings for the three girls.<br /><br />\\"Despicable Me\\" has some over the top comic violence but lots of funny moments and a feelgood ending.  This two disc edition features three hysterical bonus mini-movies featuring the mischievious Minions, and a downloadable version of the basic movie.  \\"Despicable Me\\" is very highly recommended as good family entertainment.
0061353248|5.0|Will this book reduce the chance of being misled or fooled into making irrational economic decisions? As Dan Ariely points out many times on such matters as choosing coffee, selecting an item from a restaurant menu, completing homework or work assignments, losing weight, exercising, or buying a car: \\"... we consistently overpay, underestimate, and procrastinate. Yet these misguided behaviors are neither random nor senseless. They're systematic and predictable--making us predictably irrational.\\"<br /><br />The book is captivating in that Dan Ariely chooses the interesting topics. Each chapter takes one topic about behavioral economics and studies it with several examples and experiments. Here is a list of some of the topics:<br /><br />Relativity: Use of a third option (decoy) to manipulate the choice between two real options.<br />Fallacy of Supply and Demand: To make a person covet something, just make that thing difficult to attain.<br />The Cost of Zero Cost: Zero is not just another price, it's free. Free is an amazing concept.<br />Procrastination: Can't do what we should do.<br />High Price of Ownership: Why we overvalue what we have.<br />Keeping Doors Open: Keeping options distract us from our main objective.<br />The Effect of Expectations: Why the mind gets what it expects.<br />The Context of Character: Why dealing with cash makes us more honest.<br /><br />However, the best part of this book for me are the experiments and observations that Dan Ariely uses to provide insight into behavioral economics. For example, Chapter 3 is devoted to the concept of 'free' stuff that is illustrated with the Hershey's Kiss experiment and the Halloween candy free exchange experiment.<br /><br />Did I say thought-provoking? You bet, it is!
B002VPE1WK|5.0|My daughter is an avid photographer and she needed a new camera bag. When I saw this one on Amazon I was in shock. THe ones we had seen were much smaller and more expensive. I was a little skeptical at first but went ahead and ordered one.  When my daighter opened it Christmas morning she was ecstatic. She was pleased especially with the size of it and being able to get even more lenses and camera supplies. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a camera bag.
B0036EH3UC|1.0|I love the scifi genre and was looking forward to watching this series.  It is very well produced and looks good, but that doesn't overcome the horrible acting or the incomprehensibly bad writing.  If a show decides to take itself seriously (as this one clearly does), then there needs to be a high level of consistency within the story as well as coherent story lines that maintain the integrity of the story line.  The story is chock full of holes, the acting and writing is campy and I find my self saying \\"who writes this crap\\" regularly during each episode.  The story lines force most every character to be ignorant, foolish, or both (because none of the plot-advancing devices would work if the characters were not idiots) and treats the viewer as if they are 12 years old and have no grasp on human behavior or character.  Perhaps that was the target age group.  Few, if any, of the characters behave in a consistent fashion with their role or are consistent from episode to episode.  The story fails in just about every way possible.  It isn't riveting, there is almost no action, those in the military don't behave as if they've spend more than a day in training, petty infighting and lame superstition-based narratives replace what should be the focus of the stories (struggle for survival related to direct and indirect effects of their mortal enemy).  The Character of Gaius Baltar may very well be the worst written, acted, and actualized character in the history of television.  Rather than focus on any of the endless possibilities at the disposal of a scifi show, the story focuses on petty politics and shallow, inconsistent characters.  The flaws in the story lines are too numerous to list and rife throughout every single episode to the point of distraction....assassins shoot their targets in the stomach, stomach wounds are referred to as chest wounds, and apparently the spleen is located in the chest...if just goes on and on.  Just a horrible show.
0525423842|5.0|Even though the targeted readers for this book are probably meant to be young, I found the story delightful!  I will never see 70 again.  So, does that mean I'm in my second childhood?
B0019IB0II|2.0|I was told by several friends about the impressive TED talk Jill gave regarding her miraculous eight year recovery following an AVM rupture and hemorrhagic stroke.  Since I had received a new Kindle over Christmas I decided to purchase her book and read it while flying back home.  Initially I was impressed with her detailed recollection of the stroke experience, linking the spread of toxic blood with her incremental break down in cognitive function.  Jill's experiences in the hospital and her recovery was also interesting, though not as enthralling as her earlier chapters.  Her last several chapters, where she repetitively preaches the virtues of the right hemisphere, made me embarrassed to be grouped with her in the category of neuroscientists.  By the time I reached the part of the book where she claims that new age methods such as Reiki transmit \\"healing energy\\" to wounds, I put the book down, or in the case of my Kindle, hit the home button.<br /><br />Jill's book initially provides an intriguing window into the experience of a stroke patient while providing a lesson in neurobiology to those not versed in the field.  In the end, it is a romanticized repetitive new age rallying cry which generalizes the experience of a single stroke patient and reaches absolutely unsupported conclusions on the function of the right hemisphere, such as that it cares for all living things, etc.<br /><br />Since the book is initially a sound depiction of stroke experience and initial recovery, I give it some credit and probably read further than warranted, but since it reduces itself to ultimately being pseudoscience and support for supernatural beliefs, I can't with good conscious rate it higher than two stars.
0553582461|3.0|This trilogy offers some of the most extreme highs and lows and and book series I've read.  I'm not referring to roller coaster excitement either, but rather good/interesting writing.  There is great plot here, satisfying tying up of loose ends that left the respectable Assassin's series with a lackluster end (e.g. more info on the original villains, what was their motivation, what caused forging and why do it...).    However, the relationships and second guessing (and third and hundreth guessing) of the same choices and life decisions was just too painful.      Tip for those who like me that think book relationships are great, but tedious repeated self analyzation is less than interesting:  Every time there is a 20 page section on how Fitz and the Fool see each other or interact or discuss their relationship can be skimmed over.  Wish I had.  Nothing critical in the plot is revealed after you read the first few.  Same holds true for the emotional commentary on the Fitz/Thick relationship.    Another critic said it.  This book could use a good editor.  Relationships in a book are great, but having the same regrets/analysis poured over and over again is just painful to read.  They almost caused me to give up on the book several times.    I have to say that while I respect that people would find this book enjoyable and a satisfying ending (I liked the ending), the number five star reviews really surprise me.  Maybe it's just me
B004132HZS|5.0|I must admit I was skeptical about a modernization of Sherlock Holmes (I groaned when I read about it) but I was won over by the first episode. The writing and acting are brilliant, the updates are clever and all the 2010 characters are true to the originals' personalities.  Can't wait to see Season Two.
B000001ESP|5.0|Rush were one of those rare animals in rock and roll; a Prog-Rock band dressed in power-trio drag. They'd long been toying with epic album themes, like \\"2112\\" and \\"Hemispheres,\\" were welding new wave keyboards into their music by \\"Permanent Waves,\\" and on \\"Moving Pictures,\\" everything gelled completely. It's hard for me to argue that any other Rush album was ever better.<br /><br />Back in the old side one and side two days, you could play the first side over and over and never get tired of it. It remains an absolutely flawless sequence of four songs, including two of the songs most associated with the band. The Synth/Guitar punch in the eye of \\"Tom Sawyer's\\" opening notes digs right into your psyche. Who doesn't want to be \\"today's Tom Sawyer\\" with a mean, mean stride? The kids of \\"2112\\" discover the joy of speed racing in the sci-fi epic of \\"Red Barchetta,\\" along with a spike of 'beat the man' adrenaline embedded in the tale. The instrumental \\"YYZ\\" proved what every Rush fan always knew; these three men are virtuoso musicians. Finally, there was one of the rare 'life of a rock star' songs that didn't suck, \\"Limelight.\\" For a band that has only ever crept into the Top 40 once, both \\"Tom Sawyer\\" and \\"Limelight\\" missed that critical mark by a hair. Not that it mattered, as both those songs and \\"Red Barchetta\\" have become deserved classic rock staples.<br /><br />The second side was not as immediately accessible, but holds its rewards closer to its chest. For eleven minutes, \\"The Camera Eye\\" bobs and weaves instrumentally, while both the cautionary tale of \\"Witch Hunt\\" and \\"Vital Signs\\" call to arms (\\"everybody got to deviate from the norm\\") all ingrain themselves with repeated listens. It makes \\"Moving Pictures\\" a classic album in the truest sense of the word, wherein every song fits into the whole.
B003DZX3US|5.0|Love the movie when it first came out and now, we're loving it even more with the new Blu ray format.
B002W6Z0UK|4.0|I have to give Lady Gaga massive amounts of credit; she's found a formula that thousands before her have used, bent it to her own personality, soaked it with a love of the theatrical, and best of all, made it all sound fun. In one album and this mini-lp, she has become the biggest female icon since Madonna. Even better, she's stood up for her fans (her impassioned work to end don't ask don't tell) and used her newfound fame for more than the accumulation of dough.<br /><br />So what's left to say? if you listen to the radio or goof off with YouTube, you've already heard/seen most of the album. If you liked \\"Bad Romance\\" or the mini-movie that is \\"Telephone,\\" you're likely going to dig the music. For me, the interesting thing is the range Lady Gaga has on display here. \\"Speechless\\" is an old-fashioned torch song, and \\"Teeth\\" is the kind of devious sex song Madonna would have killed for in her heyday.<br /><br />There is a part of me that hopes Lady Gaga evolves away from the already dated production of these original recordings. My fantasy is that she and her pals in glam/trash rocker band Semi-Precious Weapons do a project together. But as long as she keeps her sense of style and determination to remain a non-conformist, \\"The Fame Monster\\" sounds like it's only the beginning of the World of Gaga.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|I thought I knew enough about our health care system to judge it objectively, but this movie proved me wrong. As a crusty old conservative, I used to laugh at Michael Moore's views, but recent information on how poorly our health care rates when compared to other countries, made me take a second look.  Like many others, I have had my eyes opened and now admire Mr Moore tremendously for getting the truth out to us.<br />  Everyone should see this movie and then read the book, \\"Deadly Spin\\", by Wendell Potter, a former Public Relations Manager for a major health insurance company. His company was one of the ones denegrading this movie and investigating every aspect of Mr Moore's life in an effort to discredit him personally.  Mr Potter went to see this movie with his son, who is an avid fan of Mr Moore, and it changed his life.<br />  This movie has changed my mind and heart considerably.  If you want the truth about our health care system and see it compared to other systems in other countries, without political spin, then this is the movie for you. I highly recommend this movie for everyone.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|With all the gadgets and stuff this watch can do, it's no wonder my husband likes this.  It will really help him get prepared for and keep him on track with his running.  The band is actually a little on the small side for a man's wrist.  My husband is not huge by any means and he has the band on the very loosest setting in order to be comfortable.  Tremendous value over any other place I looked! Some were almost twice the price.  I love shopping amazon!
B001974DG0|5.0|I completely enjoyed this book.  It was my first introduction to Dean Koontz and I wasn't disappointed.  I loved the story line and the characters were great.  I was glued to this from beginning to end and that rarely happens to me.
B003H9MSPG|4.0|My son has been wanting this gun for quite some time and it was considerably less expensive from AMAZON... $10-$20 at some stores!  It was easy to put together and shoots pretty far.  Like all NERF products, you have to be careful how you load the amo and be patient or you will jam it.  It has already taken alot of use and holding up well so far.  Really light and easy to carry around and run with.
B00436GNVC|3.0|I'm listening to this for the third time and just getting the Motown groove discerned through the clutter.  I read a lot of the negative reviews, and there are some \\"gwen stefani\\" tracks that are pretty pop-annoying, but so was AM radio in 1968!  One thing I found is that it is overproduced, to the white noise level with the soft brushed cymbals cranked up to the level of her voice, every single instrument/mic track on each song is maxed. Shakira's albums do the same thing, so do stefani's. It does not make for a natural sound at all.   Cutting the treble 50% and boosting the bass 50% helped tremendously in listenability and I have a reasonably good vintage stereo (marantz and dynaco) to start with so it's not like i'm listening on a pc.  I'll buy a third album though.  THis actually makes me want to listen to Rockferry again.
B000ETQR3Q|4.0|one of the favorites!  Looks cool and feels like a snoper rifle.  One of the forst ones to get picked when playing NERF
B003Q6D2BE|4.0|October 2010. If movies about social networking sites and mishmashes are what passes for \\"A truly cinematic experience\\" nowadays, I guess you could count me out. That is, until I noticed that a movie I never saw any trailers for, and full of stars, called RED was out. Easily taken in before I read anything about its plot, I went and saw it. That blind watch I'm definitely proud of!<br /><br />RED is cliched in terms of story- a retired agent has his house destroyed by a secret agency and makes for the next state, picking up some friends along the way in an all-out, over-the-top action adventure. But as cliche as it is, RED is also just fun. We have Morgan Freeman, Bruce Willis (in the tough guy role as usual), the chick from Weeds, Helen Mirren- all are fantastic. There's plenty of over-the-top action that's fun, it's hilarious, and overall it's a fun movie if all you ask for is just some pure escapist fun.<br /><br />In the end, RED is definitely not art or Oscar material, but it is one of the most fun movies of 2010, and recommended for some pure entertainment!
B003ES5ZPK|5.0|If you have an HDMI outlet on the side of your HD tv, this is the ticket to keep a big loop of cable from sticking out and looking ugly, or alternately being bent so severely that the wire inside the cable is broken. If you use a bracket to mount your TV on a wall, this is almost a necessity. Very well made, very good price. No problems.
B003L20IFQ|1.0|1. How can he be buried so far underground and have amazing reception? In Iraq, too? Meaning, he gets better reception six feet underground in Iraq than I do above ground in Edmonton.<br /><br />2. He has a limited amount of oxygen. That said, WHY does he play around with the zippo lighter, then? That'll just make things worse.<br /><br />3. Oh right. Because there's apparently \\"too much oxygen\\". Someone knock me over with a sickle!<br /><br />4. He has a knife. Can't he just stab as many times as he could and try to carve a hole, thus trying to dig a way out? Come on, sand can't be THAT hard to crawl through.<br /><br />5. He spends hours scribbling on the lid of the coffin with a pen. Sorry, you can't write with a pen upside down! Gravity IS a bitch, you know.<br /><br />6. Let's get back to the air issue- realistically you would have 70 minutes of air, not 90. Oh and considering the amount of air in the box when you play with the zippo lighter- that'd reduce it to 45.<br /><br />7. Then instead of acting like Uma Thurman in Kill Bill 2 and trying to find a way out of the coffin, he SHOUTS HALF-NONSENSICALLY INTO A PHONE FOR 75% OF THE MOVIE. Who'd have known a 2 hour Blackberry Ad would be so boring?<br /><br />8. WARNING, THIS IS A SPOILER. But not a big one since there's nothing to spoil and you already knew how it ends from the trailer. Anyways, I have no problem with a good guy dies ending. But they did it so corny and contrived. Why did it take him until the sand filled the coffin completely to find out they were at the wrong coffin?<br /><br />Just avoid this dreadful movie.
0525423842|4.0|A 10 year-old athlete, an 11 year-old bookworm, a 43 year-old step-mom and a 45 year-old dad all loved this book. We can't wait for the next one! As Grisham fans, we were happy to find a book for our daughter and nephew, but the legal topic and moral dilemma made for great dialogues. I would pre-order the next one if I could.
B00408AN5A|5.0|I rated this book a 5/5 because it offers great reminders of very powerful practices such as putting habits in place and coming up with positive daily rituals.<br /><br />I don't believe it is fair to attack this book on the grounds that it has \\"nothing original to offer\\" because as the author states in the book, truth is old...it is the authors who claim to have found some new \\"secret\\" to success that we should be more wary of.<br /><br />You can never review the fundamentals of success often enough or deep enough so I believe this book is valuable in that it does so in a unique way that easy to consume.  I will put up a video-based review of this text soon on BusinessTraining.com.<br /><br />Great book. Read it and buy it for your friends.<br /><br />- Richard
B002ZG98UA|5.0|Just another installment of the resident evil series.  Guess what?  If you didn't like the previous movies, you won't like this one (there is alway \\"The Remains of the Day or the \\"The Piano\\" for you).  If you did, you won't be disappointed.  Just wish it was in 3D on the regular Blu-ray.
B00275EHJG|5.0|This is truly a wonderful story - thank goodness it is since I have had to watch it no less than 15 times since I gave it to my grandson for Christmas.  He is 3-1/2 and is totally entertained every time he watches it!
B0042MDAL8|3.0|I was a newcomer to the world of Twilight. I only saw the first two film installments, Twilight and New Moon when I started reading the books by Stephanie Meyer. Compared to the film version of Twilight and New Moon, Eclipse was a far better film. However, if you don't read the book you miss the richness of the characters, the evolution of the story and the emotion that Ms. Meyer creates. Eclipse is a fair film adaptaion, but I urge people to read the books in the Twilight Series now, as we wait for the first film installment of Breaking Dawn in 2011. Caution to parents of pre-teen children:  as wonderful of a character that Edward Cullen is, do you really want someone stalking your child, entering their room through their bedroom window and spending the night with them without your knowledge? This aspect of the Twilight series-book and film-may not be the best subject matter for children.
B003NFM3JK|5.0|We love this animated version of A Christmas Carol! Couldn't wait to make it part of our library and an every year \\"have to\\" watch!
630522577X|5.0|Great movie, great price, speedy delivery!  thanks!
B0025X4OYI|5.0|I love doing business with Amazon. I can always find what I need just when I need it, and it's always delivered so quickly. Thanks!
B002BSHWUU|5.0|Lowest price.  The free delivery the next day Wonderful.  First time shopper.   And I will be back.[[ASIN:B002BSHWUU The Beatles Stereo Box Set]]The packaging of the cd's and the extra material was well worth buying another set of their work.  Great addition to my Library
B0040HJNKC|5.0|For many people only familiar with Buddy Guy circa \\"Damn Right\\" forward, this is a more enjoyable and complete disc. Incomprehensible that the guitar playing and vocals came from a 74 year old musician who in many ways is outdoing himself, and sounding very fresh. I can only tip my hat.
0553805371|3.0|This book is a good introduction to Physics, Stephen Hawking and Leonard Mlodinow are excellent authors. However i would like to point out that there are good experimental results from Parasychology indicating that consciousness is not localized to the brain and certain phenomenons like Telepathy, Precognition, Out of body experiences and Remote Viewing do offer an alternate view of reality from a strictly determinsitic materialist point of view.  In any case this was an amazing book.
B003KAPVS8|5.0|Have only been a Doctor fan since this new 2005 reincarnation began with Christopher Eccleston.  Didn't expect to care about the 11th Doctor.  David Tennant is \\"My Doctor,\\" but Matt Smith brings a new and dynamic energey to the character that makes me want to know what will happen next.  It took somee time for me to like the new companion, Amy Pond.  But once I knew that they weren't going to replay the Rose/Doctor love thing, I began to care about her.  Love that there is a second companion in her new husband, Rory.  That addes a new dimension to the story for me, and the character of Riversong coming back helped me to stay connected also.    Since the new executive producer is Steven Moffat, I knew the quality of the stories would be excellent because he wrote my favorite episodes (Girl in the Mirror, Blink, Silence in the Library, and Forest of the Dead) and I wasn't disappointed.  There is humor, excitement and mystery.  I just downloaded this entire series from video on demand.  Can't wait for Spring 2011 and the next season.
0803732287|5.0|Monkey Puzzle is the challenge little monkey needs to solve as he has lost his mom and helpful butterfly assists the jungle journey as they meet a range of foreign friends during their journey (elephant, snake, spider, etc...).<br /><br />They do make their way and a journey ends with success.<br /><br />Great for young pre-readers and starting readers. A great bed time story that your child will eventually take over from you.
B003UBTX7C|1.0|I wonder if David Baldacci even wrote this. Terrible story development and amateur plot. I won't be buying any more from him. Such a far fall from his previous talented novels. Don't waste your money buying this one.
0670050172|5.0|Follow Mr. and Mrs. Mallard as they discover a new place to live in a public park. They find a great location in Boston, but need the help of Officer Michael, to cross the busy streets. The best thing about the story is that it is based on a true story. A similar event took place in about 2008 ish in the states and can be youtubed.<br /><br />Kids love this story - and admittedly adults alike. A nice early reader for the child that has basics in reading and wants to try a slightly larger challenge of this relatively \\"big looking\\" book. The illustrations, in which there are plenty, will help them ease through and feel successful.<br /><br />Bravo to McCloskey for a great book
0060936223|5.0|This is such a great book of one of the best poets of our time,probably known more for her music which she wrote as poems and used in many of her songs such as her version of Gloria.This takes her through her childhood through her,poetry, singer/songwriter and everything in between,she remembers it all through daily journals of her everyday lfe,you'll star reading this and won't want to put it down.
0470876417|5.0|Received before the agreed time, in perfect conditions.  Has been bought at the best price in the market.  Excellent service.
B0043ZDU1E|5.0|While I love all her cd's, this is one of my favorites! It is a return to the sound in which I first fell in love with her music.
B000QRIGLC|5.0|By far one of the best books I have read in a long time. I chose this book because after reading Decision Points, Bush mention's Marcus' story in his.  It was an absolute page turner.  If I had the time I would have been able to read it in one sitting.  The story is gripping and heart wrenching.  I have nothing but absolute respect and gratitude for the members of our military and am in awe of what they are capable of and how selflessly they protect our freedom.  THANK YOU to all the men and women of our armed services!  Without you I would never be able to enjoy all the freedoms of this wonderful country.  This is a MUST READ for any American.  Please read this book!  I cant say enough about it.
B0048LPRCS|5.0|I saw this film at SXSW in March in Austin.<br /><br />This movie is truly like no other:  dark, violent, personal, ugly, heartbreaking.  Film, like a great piece of artwork, is not something that you can truly get a consensus on because it boils down to the taste of observer and your own interpretation.<br /><br />This film will receive a lot of \\"boo's\\" for such darkness, but that is the point of the movie.  When you stare at a dark and gloomy painting in a museum do you hate the painting for its darkness?  No, you observe, reflect on how it makes you feel, appreciate it for what it is and move on.  You might wonder where is the light but it doesn't make the painting any less valuable.<br /><br />If anything you at least have to watch the opening credits to this movie.  Astonishing in itself.  I like the time and creative effort Noe put into this because modern films for some reason don't bother with such anymore.<br /><br />I recommend Enter the Void for taking a plot that could have made the most dreadful film in the history of movies and turning it into a genius visual effect like no other.  Outstanding art in all its dark glory.
0884271536|5.0|Dr. Goldratt has done it again, this time on the topic of project management. Before you say that you are not a project manager, remember that everything we do from baking a cake to building a sky-rise building is actually a project.<br /><br />The more I read of Dr. Goldratt, the more I am beginning to see the big picture, that of questioning all traditional ways of thinking and asking why we do things the way we do.<br /><br />In Critical Chain, we learn how padding the time for individual tasks within a project will actually cause significant delays in the end; and that starting tasks at their earliest possible start time may also lengthen our lead time. Are you a multi-tasker, proud of your ability to concentrate on many things at one time? Perhaps you will want to reconsider this approach after reading this book. Do you closely monitor the milestones within your projects, believing this level of control will shorten the time for completion\\" Think again, there is a better way.
0451228375|5.0|Murders, false accusations, stealing... these were the ways to achieve your goals in fourteenth century medieval England. This well-researched, fascinating account of medieval life in 14th century England is nothing less than fascinating. Upon reading this tome, I wondered about how much of what he wrote could have actually happened. At the end of the book, Ken Follett actually tells the reader just how much research actually went into this work of love. Although Follett has become famous for his successfully-written books of mystery and suspense, Follett succeeded beyond expectations with this historical novel. Pursuing his love and interests in old cathedrals, Follett undertook the two books, THE PILLARS OF THE EARTH and this book, for many years. And I am so glad he did.<br /><br />Follett makes the characters of WORLD WITHOUT END come to life. Through them, he allows us to smell, taste, see, hear, and feel all that this distressing and difficult time had to offer. We experience the Black Plague, the power of the church, the effects of the war with France, and many details of life in medieval times. What trying times, but what a magnificent book!<br /><br />I read this book before reading PILLARS. I was still deeply fascinated! However, it may have been helpful to have read PILLARS first in order to truly savor the passage of time and the changes that come with it!
0884271153|5.0|Yet another fine work by Dr. Goldratt. If you have read The Goal,. you must read It's Not Luck. This book explores the concepts of T.O.C. as it relates to several different industries. No longer will you see T.O.C. as something that only applies to manufacturing, It's Not Luck explores multiple industries, as well as sales and marketing.<br /><br />Especially useful was how Dr. Goldratt explained the thinking process of T.O.C., which will allow us to apply the principles not only to our specific work environment, but also to our private lives. The material is somewhat intensive, and as with other books Dr. Goldratt has written, I will be reading this one a second time so I can fully grasp the concepts.
B0029F2SSQ|4.0|This is a very easy to read book as long as you grasp the \\"upper class\\" slang & abbreviations of the 30's. To get the best effect you must read it, not listen to it. The lack of inflection and phrasing is distracting in the audio.
B000SGGUWS|4.0|i really liked this book but it had lots of mature things and swears. it was a great plotline, but not really appropriate
B0047WJ12K|5.0|This is one of the best films I've seen in a while! I didn't find it confusing and it's about time a movie required the viewer use their brain for more than watching the pretty colors. Honestly, I found Alice in Wonderland (the book) more confusing than this. There are different ways of watching a movie. If you view this movie superficially only looking at the moving pictures you will lose a great deal of the experience.  This movie must be watched with your entire mind but it's not so cerebral as to be boring. It's full of enough action to keep you entertained but don't attempt to watch it with people talking, watching the kids or with anyone who is going to distract you.  Some people commented about the open ending but other than feeling a bit rushed I found it satisfactory.
B002ZG981E|5.0|I purchased this blu ray movie as a gift for a family member and after we viewed it we were blown away! I wont go into too many details about the movie itself because I dont want to spoil it but its basically about a group of guys who can travel into other people's dreams in order to steal secret information from them. This movie is filled with twists and fast paced action which kept me on the edge of my seat and unable to predict what would happen next. This movie is great because it breaks away from all the remakes that have been coming out lately and invents somthing more unique. If your ready for a new unique action experience with great acting and special effects then make sure to purchase this movie.
B001K3JF7K|3.0|Man this is a real throw back to the lush arrangements of the late1950's. Love it for the memories, but it seems a little contrived. Not her best effort.
B001UV4XFG|1.0|I was sent an item that had red lines throughout the movie. Is it that hard to make sure a qualtiy dvd is sent. Spending almost $28 when the company is making a large margin of profit I don't think it is too muh to ask for. Next time I would just buy the product at a store
B000KX0HVY|5.0|I wouldn't say I'm a die hard Elvis fan, but I'm thoroughly enjoying these 2 CD's.  These songs bring back many memories of me watching his concerts on tv or his movies. He has a very smooth, sexy voice and it saddens me that he is no longer alive but am grateful for the music he left behind.  If you are a true fan of Elvis, you will enjoy these cd's.
0525951652|5.0|Ken Follett is true to form in this book.  He has once again researched and prepared meticulously, this time a small era in history that is only superficially covered in your average high school or university history course.  Not only does he offer amazing detail into specific battles during WWI but he gives us insight into the social struggles occuring before, during and after the war.  I couldn't put the book down, and can't wait for part 2.
B0036EH3U2|5.0|This is the first collection of blu-ray discs I've bought, and the quality seems excellent.  also, the product itself was delivered shrink-wrapped to a piece of cardboard that lined the bottom of the box, so it couldn't get banged up at all.  Overall, very happy with purchase, quality, and Amazon price.
0198534469|5.0|It's not just beautiful because the author included heaps of beautiful pictures (which he did, by the way - but not just to make the book look pretty), it is just a very beautiful exposition of an already beautiful subject.
0060005696|4.0|This very good book makes important points about how we navigate in the increasing complexity of our world.<br /><br />In it author Barry Schwartz characterizes the ubiquity of seemingly endless alternatives in all aspects of modern life, and describes how the need to make sense of these enslaves people, leading to dissonance and ultimately even depression. The point that he is making is that more choice is not necessarily better, and may in fact be worse. He comes at this describing the incomplete, subjective and flawed decision making processes that we all employ, and how concern as to whether or not a decision has been optimized can be paralyzing for some people, particularly those he describes as maximizers as opposed to satisficers.<br /><br />The economic focus highlights the hitherto unrecognized costs of product proliferation including consumer confusion, and the opportunity cost that follows when a potential buyer simply walks away, unable to make sense of the smorgasbord of variety that is increasing presented by post modern product planners.<br /><br />At the same time, what isn't answered in this analysis is why, if consumers really don't want more variety, the market hasn't corrected for this. Indeed, all trends seem to be in the opposite direction of ever increasing proliferation - a worldwide cultural phenomenon described in detail by Schwartz in the opening chapters of the book.<br /><br />What Schwartz may overlook in his analysis is the developing role of the internet in all this. Increasingly this provides consumers with processes to rapidly and effectively sift through endless available options and to make choices without the dissonance that follows from being overwhelmed. This concept is described by Chris Anderson in The Long Tail, Why the Future of Business Is Selling Less of More.<br /><br />The Paradox of Choice provides a compelling countervailing perspective to that of The Long Tail. It is interesting to read the two books in conjunction with one another.
B000E1ZBH2|5.0|This is a chick flick but it was an enjoyable movie to watch for me, a guy.  The dialog is very clever and entertaining.  We own this movie and have watched it a half a dozen times over the years and I always catch somthing new in the movie. Good film.
1401309666|5.0|This is one of those transformational books that introduces and elaborates on a new and counterintuitive paradigm - one of great significance in today's rapidly changing economy.<br /><br />According to Author Chris Anderson, the essence of the Long Tail concept can be summarized as follows: \\"Our culture and economy are increasingly shifting away from a focus on a relatively small number of hits (mainstream products and markets) at the head of the demand curve, and moving toward a huge number of niches in the tail\\". He goes on to write, \\"...the true shape of demand is revealed only when consumers are offered infinite choice\\".<br /><br />The point is that new technologies are increasingly making it possible to cost effectively offer consumers something approaching limitless variety. In the past, when, due to costs, consumers were presented with limited variety, it made sense to aggressively manage product selection in the direction of \\"hits\\", in effect choosing on behalf of consumers. If, however, increasing choice does not increase cost, then pruning the niches becomes unnecessary and ultimately counter productive. Indeed, when the new technology assists consumers in filtering the complexity of limitless choice, the finding is that the aggregation of demand in the niches approaches that which exists in the A items or head of the demand curve.<br /><br />In making the argument Anderson identifies six themes of the Long Tail Age as follows:<br /><br />* In virtually all markets there are far more niche goods than hits.<br /><br />* The cost of reaching those niches is now falling dramatically.<br /><br />* Consumers must be given ways to find niches that suit their particular needs and interests.<br /><br />* Once there's massively expanded variety and the filters to sort through it, the demand curve flattens. There still are hits and niches, but the hits are relatively less popular and the niches relatively more so.<br /><br />* Although none sell in huge numbers, there are so many niche products that collectively they comprise a market rivaling the hits.<br /><br />* Once the natural shape of demand is revealed...it is far less hit driven that we have been lead to believe. Instead it is as diverse as the population itself.<br /><br />Economic viability of the aggregate niches that populate the Long Tail depends on major reductions in the cost of offering increased choice to consumers. Most of the book's discussion deals with this at the distribution level, where choice has typically been restricted by inventory carrying costs, shelf space, etc. However, the principle is equally valid at the manufacturing level, to the degree to which process improvement can meaningfully lower the cost of deploying exceedingly diverse and ultimately mass customization product lines. Indeed, the chapter entitled \\"Coda: Tomorrow's Tail\\" talks about manufacturing and the ultimate explosion of the Long Tail that will follow from production technology \\"capable of manufacturing almost anything in lot sizes of one\\".<br /><br />Welcome to the future.se a market rivaling the hits.    * Once the natural shape of demand is revealed...it is far less hit driven that we have been lead to believe. Instead it is as diverse as the population itself.    Economic viability of the aggregate niches that populate the Long Tail depends on major reductions in the cost of offering increased choice to consumers. Most of the book's discussion deals with this at the distribution level, where choice has typically been restricted by inventory carrying costs, shelf space, etc. However, the principle is equally valid at the manufacturing level, to the degree to which process improvement can meaningfully lower the cost of deploying exceedingly diverse and ultimately mass customization product lines. Indeed, the chapter entitled \\"Coda: Tomorrow's Tail\\" talks about manufacturing and the ultimate explosion of the Long Tail that will follow from production technology \\"capable of manufacturing almost anything in lot sizes of one\\".    Welcome to the future.
B004AKCME8|5.0|Forget the critics;this is a Wonderful visual feast-it has a little StarWars,Lord of the Rings,Wizard of Oz and Bambi woven through the plot;amazing action sequences,fight scenes(not gory,or bloody;more stylized)&flying scenes. There's no movie quite like this one.Owl think you'll enjoy it-
B0044CE682|4.0|Unlike \\"Neal - the Gadget Guy\\" my experience with Amazon VOD and iTunes was different. I downloaded the Olivia HD episode from both services to compare quality and was a little surprised. First, I should mention that I used a Windows XP HTPC to download the files, I did not stream. The size of the video files: the VOD was around 1.9GB while the iTunes version was 1.4GB. The Amazon VOD picture quality was superior on my system with better color, contrast and deeper blacks, the iTunes version appeared somewhat washed out in comparison. This could have been a one-off experience so I'm not sure if this is a fair comparison. But I do know one thing the iTunes version which plays on Quicktime was a bad experience! It stuttered frequently and the picture would freeze for several seconds before resuming. I Googled around the internet looking for a solution to the iTunes video problem and found that it is a fairly common one. The most consistent solution offered was to upgrade your computer hardware, in Apple's fine print: \\"2.0GHz Intel Core 2 Duo or faster processor is required to play HD video\\". I guess my machine is fine for playing standard definition iTunes videos but not HD. Meanwhile the HD Amazon VOD played flawlessly in the Unbox Video Player which is a tailored Windows Media Player 11 along with Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0. I could not play either file on third party players (VLC, GOM, etc.) because of the imbedded Digital Rights Management (DRM) copy protection. YMMV.
B0029NY9EE|5.0|[[ASIN:B0029NY9EE The Jane Austen Collection: Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice, Mansfield Park, Emma, Northanger Abbey, Persuasion (Halcyon Classics)]]<br /><br />Pride and Prejudice was the first school text book that I enjoyed reading. Over the past 40 years, I have re-read and enjoyed her works. I even find myself doing walking tours in places like Bath, in order to follow in the steps of her characters!<br /><br />Timeless enjoyment with the Bennets, Lady Catherine, Darcy and Bingley
0553805371|5.0|Stephen Hawking proves, once again, the true justification for supporting the handicapped among us. The fact that, despite his terrible affliction, he can, by dint of his mind/imagination alone, achieve understanding of the cosmos that defies the grasp of you or me. If we could all reach his peak of understanding, there would be no more excuse for violent discord. No matter how smart you think you are, he is smarter than you and you put together.
B0042MEQVG|4.0|Got a GREAT deal from amazon.com on this movie! I liked it...if you like the other twilight movies it is a thumbs up!
044654759X|2.0|First let me start by saying that I have read every Nicholas Sparks book and was excited to read \\"Safe Haven.\\"  With that said, I was very disappointed by the book.  If you have ever seen the movie \\"Sleeping with the Enemy\\" then you have basically read this book.  There were so many similarities in the characters, the setting, even some of the scenes.  I hope that the next Sparks book will be more original.
B004132I20|3.0|This series with a modernized Sherlock Holmes takes a little getting used to.  The first episode introducing Holmes and Watson is very good.  The second episode is an uninteresting and confusing mess.  The last episode which introduces us to Moriarty is fairly confusing but leads to a suspenseful and exciting cliffhanger ending.  The acting is very good and like many of these British series the production values are excellent.  As stated, this series is good but it will never make one forget Jeremy Brett, the greatest Sherlock Holmes of all time.
B0001MLMKY|5.0|It was exactly how I imagined it...I used to have similar watches during the 80's and seeing this brought back fond memories.
B0025KVLTW|4.0|I have recently gotten back into listening to the Beatles due to George Martin's fantastic 'Love' album...Hoping that a 2009 remastered version of 'Magical Mystery Tour' would sound as terrific as 'Love' I went out bought it. I loaded it into my computer, I put on my headphones, and then listened:<br /><br />From an audio engineering standpoint 'Magical Mystery Tour', like most other Beatles remasters, is sadly disappointing. It seems as if the sound engineers make every individual instrument come from either direct left, direct right, or directly in front of you. There is no real blending of the instrumentals. 'Strawberry Fields' sounds incredible on 'Love' because George Martin took the time to MIX the audio....'Love' is the one of the best albums I own, mostly because of the music itself, but the audio engineering is absolutely stunning on it! I was hoping that 'Magical Mystery Tour' would have that same style, but sadly, it is just like the previous remixes: The drums on the direct left, The singing directly in front, and guitar on the direct right. It is incredibly annoying - considering the Beach Boys used only 4 track recording (just like the Beatles) and their stereo remasters sound INCREDIBLE, it shouldn't be that hard to make a decent sounding stereo mix...and the 'Love' album proved that this is possible.<br /><br />I'm not ignorant enough to demote the rating down to 1 star due to the audio engineering - it is FANTASTIC music. The classic 'Strawberry Fields', 'Penny Lane', the title song, 'Fool On The Hill', - they are all terrific songs...and thankfully this mostly overshadows the poor engineering. If you are a Beatles fan, definitely get this album....but if you are, even remotely, an audiophile, I suggest buying the mono version.<br /><br />4/5
006441034X|5.0|This is one of the most amazing novels I have ever read. It is simple fabulous, captivating, and just amazing details for a book. I could picture myself in Market Chipping. A wonderful that was beautifully brought to life in a great film. Awesome book.
B003VS0CWO|5.0|I have been a huge Rocky Horror fan since I was a kid, and I was so happy when Rocky Horror came out on Blu Ray. The picture is truly amazing and the sound with a home theater system is just awesome. It has both the U.S. and U.K. versions, and a load of extras.
B000O599WG|5.0|Great video and it came with original photos of the production.  Didn't expect that and it was a great surprise!
B003JTHESA|5.0|Anyone who has given this CD less than three stars, has pictures of Justin Bieber on their walls. The CD is simply amazing.  So complex, yes, you have to listen a few times and have a little patience but once you start to get more aquainted you will see that is in the top 5 Maiden best albums FACT!!!
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|This is the best on the subject.  Finally a realistic movie on the War in the Pacific.  Love that it follows up with what happened to the real characters who were portrayed and what happened to them after the war.
0765326353|5.0|For genuine fantasy lovers only. It does not get any better. I have re read this book 2 times already. I love the dialogue and interaction between Jasnah and Shallan best.
B000V698DI|4.0|First off, to be writing a review for a 20 year old record, discrediting is wierd When Teen Spirit got airplay, it changed things.  They just were the first band to break through on the radio.  Dave Grohl said that Teen Spirit was a Pixies knock off to begin with.  The idea that this album is in all time lists in the top 10 is crazy.  Sorry, an all time has to be great start to finish. Tracks 9,10, & 11 are average songs.  Not a knock.  It's very romantic to think that Kurt Cobain died for his art or his music or whatever.  If he were alive and Nirvana still existed in some way, Nevermind would be looked at in a similar way to Pearl Jam's Ten, AIC's Dirt, & Soundgarden's BadMotorFinger.  All great albums in the Grunge heading, but none of those albums get anywhere near the love Nevermind does.  I just don't get it.  Anyone who really enjoys this type of music should revisit & listen to Nevermind, Dirt, nd Ten again. Or Surfer Rosa & Doolittle by the Pixies.
B003FVI2KQ|5.0|I'm not a PC gamer.  But I do know a lot about computers, electronics and A/V equipment in general. I know for a fact that if you build a killer gaming rig, anything and everything else will run effortlessly.  So this is what I set out to do. And do I did.    I am truly an AMD customer for life now.  It didn't take me long to decide on this processor after seeing what their competitor was offering for similarly matched processor.  Like 3x's to 4x's the price for marginal performance differences. No longer will I be at the mercy of the \\"off the shelf\\" systems as I will build and customize my Desktops from now on. The desktop I replaced was a Media Center PC.  I used it as a DVR with my Xbox 360 and to watch movies in Media Center.  This unit out preforms it in every way.  It used to take me 20 to 30 hours to upconvert a video file to 720p and 1080p now its done in 3 to 4 hours. If you're tech savvy and you're trying to decided between Intel and AMD.  If you have the money and just want to blow a load of cash then buy the other brand.  But if you want top quality at a fraction of the cost then look no further.  I chose AMD.  I'm truly proud of the rig I put together. It's fast, quite, stable, did I mention fast and inexpensive. I've been running this unit over a month and there are no cons.  None. Here are the specs on my unit.    Dual 22\\" Monitors (had an extra one lying around so I didn't include these in the price)  Windows 7 Professional  AMD Phenom II X6 1090T 3.2Ghz  MSI 890FXA-GD70 AM3 AMD 890FX SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 ATX AMD Motherboard   G.SKILL Ripjaws Series 16GB (4 x 4GB) 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Desktop Memory   Hauppauge WinTV HVR-1250 Hybrid TV Tuner /Video Recorder 1196 PCI-Express x1 Interface  Sabrent 68-in-1 USB 2.0 Internal Flash Memory Card Reader CRW-UINB  KINGWIN Lazer LZ-750 750W Modular 80 PLUS Certified Active PFC W/ 3-Way LED Switch and Universal Modular Connector Power Supply  MSI R6850-PM2D1GD5/OC Radeon HD 6850 1GB 256-bit GDDR5 PCI Express 2.0 x16 HDCP Ready CrossFireX Support Video Card with Eyefinity  Thermaltake V9 BlacX Edition with Docking Station Chassis    The best part of this to me is when I feel the need for more speed I'll be able to Over Clock this unit and add a Solid State Hard Drive to push it over the limit.  All this for right under $1000. The best birthday gift ever to myself.
B003UAKE9Y|5.0|I ordered the 2d version based on ratings and I was not disappointed . I got a 2 sided disc with 2d and 3d versions. the 2d was more colorful and sharper. I watched the 3d version for several minutes. I got some of the 3d effect but the color was so dull that it was boring, and The vision was still uncomfortable after 10 minutes. Current 3D is not worth it to me.  The movie was great. I liked the story line, the animation, the dialogue, and the voices. Suitable for all ages and interesting for adults.
1442337966|5.0|I loved the Secret when I was introduced to it and after listening and absorbing that video and audio I thought there must be more good news I could find and I was right!I love the Power even more. I have had the audio for weeks and I am not tired of it. I do believe in the message and I am trying everyday to add this into my daily life. I only wish my grown children would listen! So far, i Have written an amount into my check book and I did receive exactly that amount..I was so blown away and reduced to tears..buy the CD,.listen, learn, apply, absorb, understand..You wont' regret this!
B003WTE886|5.0|My husband and I have all of her CDs and this is definitely her best yet! Very catchy music and very emotional.
030746363X|5.0|After reading the 4 Hour Work Week, I knew I had to get my hands on this book.  I was not dissappointed.  Once again, Tim hits a home run in an informative, humorous manner all while being highly scientific and citing facts from real world examples.  The Slow Carb diet works, I'm living proof.  Tim has raised his own bar even higher with this truly classic book on how to control the human body and defy greatness.
B003UESJHO|4.0|Don't be expecting another Rocky IV.  Nope, not this time.<br />Marky Mark straps on the gloves<br />Batman drops the weight<br />and H-wood drops their normal ludicrous shenanigans.<br /><br />This is The Fighter, a captivating display of true grit--a real underdog story from a small town in Massachusetts.  And believe me, it packs one helluva punch.<br /><br />Former welterweight champion Micky Ward is best known for his legendary bloody bouts with Arturo Gatti.  But his family turmoil and inspiring rise to fame is a story you also shouldn't miss.<br /><br />Quick jabs<br />-great direction by David Russell(Three Kings, I Love Huckabees)<br />-solid budget<br />-nice camera work<br /><br />Powerful hooks<br />-Amy Adams(Junebug, Doubt) is spectacular as the brave, no-nonsense girlfriend<br />-the entire cast really does outstanding<br />-interesting character study of working-class family<br /><br />Devastating uppercuts<br />-realistic fights which are choreographed directly from footage of Micky's actual fights<br />-Wahlberg brilliantly plays the lead role as Micky<br /><br />Knockout punch<br />-Christian Bale delivers a riveting Oscar-caliber performance as half-brother Dicky<br /><br />The Fighter is a very good film.  It thankfully doesn't get desecrated by ridiculous action sequences or overwrought sentimentality.  I did however get a little teary-eyed during simple emotional sequences.  I also felt overwhelming empathy for Dicky and his struggles with crack addiction.  Plus, it's impossible not to feel energized by the will of this local sports hero.  Great performances abound, you should get punched in the face if you miss this film.
1591843162|5.0|When I started reading Linchpin I expected to find a description of how to make myself indispensable in the modern workplace.  What I found was a call to action urging me to remake myself, my workplace, and every organization and interaction I'm a part of it.  Seth Godin urges readers to embrace the artist within themselves and bring their passion to work.  This is not a new message.  Other authors have written about finding passion in work, but Seth brings offers this message in a very accessible way.  I highly recommend this book for anyone who wants to enjoy and be proud of the work they do.      As a technical aside, I appreciate books that give the reader a lot of stopping places.  I enjoy reading, but I rarely have the opportunity to commit more than 15 consecutive minutes to reading.  I don't think I'm alone in this.  The modern reader needs a book organized around short bursts of attention.  Linchpin effectively uses headings, subheadings, and well contained thoughts to give the reader a chance to stop and take a break, but still come back without having to waste time getting back into the book.
B001DJLCRC|5.0|I love Breaking Bad!  Yes, it is a bit shocking, especially is you have never had a family member go through cancer/chemo/radiation.  I have, so I appreciated the realistic way BB showed it.  Heartbreaking, but very realistic.  I am totally drawn to Breaking Bad, watched 1st season and am now just starting to watch the 1st episode of Season 2.  I have always loved Bryan Cranston, and always will - what a fantastic actor (fantastic is not the ultimate word to describe him, but the closest I can think of).  Bryan is my favorite, favorite actor!
B0042MDAL8|5.0|There's just something about blu ray that amazes me! I got this for my fiance for Christmas and the color is amazing!
0765356139|2.0|There was nothing really \\"wrong\\" with this second book of the Mistborn Trilogy.  However, I found it a difficult read for a few reasons.<br /><br />The first of these was that the first book ended so perfectly that I didn't see a need for a continuation.  Mistborn was one of the top ten books I've ever read and the ending was perfect in my opinion.  The fact that the series continued seemed...anti-climactic.<br /><br />The second reason is that without Kelsier the book just didn't have the same flare.  It just didn't flow as well.  I never really found myself looking forward to reading any of the characters.  They were all kind of...blah.<br /><br />The third reason is that Vin seemed to lose her identity.  She turns from an awkwardly unique (and quite endearing) character that shows real development throughout the course of a book to an unimpressive, one-dimensional girl who defines herself wholly based on the man she \\"loves\\".  The chemistry between Vin and Elend vanishes and leaves a relationship that is neither believable nor particularly interesting.<br /><br />All told, the second book just didn't meet my expectations.  It wasn't a bad read and it was well written but it left me thoroughly disappointed.
B003CRM6QO|5.0|Blu-Ray Review:  I have the old DVD and just got the new Blu Ray disk.  It was like night and day.  The colors on the Blu Ray were very bright and crisp.  The picture was very clear versus the old DVD.  The Blu-Ray also added 5.1 sound, the old DVD I had was without 5.1 sound.  Unlike Clash of the Titans on Blu-Ray, which basically looks like the just copied the DVD to a Blu-Ray disk, this Flash Gordon Blu-Ray is worth the upgrade.  They clearly spent some time making this Blu-Ray.  I would re-buy most of my DVDs on Blu-Ray if they all had this much improvement as the Flash Gordon Blu-Ray does. If you like this Flash Gordon movie, then I would recommend getting it on Blu-Ray.
B000HT3P7E|4.0|22 Episodes on 3 DVD Discs<br /><br />\\"How I Met Your Mother\\" begins with a premise that this is a man (Bob Saget) telling a VERY long story to his children about how he met their mother. The children are in several intros at the beginning of the series and then gradually vanish. Once you've established the premise that this is a story from one person's perspective and is occasionally made up of stories they've been told from another person's point of view...it's all fair game for silliness. Like if one of them tells a story about sneaking out of the apartment by jumping from a three story window and landing on the ground with cat-like reflexes. This is a friends situational comedy with elements familiar from \\"Friends\\" and \\"Seinfeld\\" like this is a group of five friends who always gather at the same social place where they can have beverages and talk about their problems and mingle with others.<br /><br />Ted played by Josh Radnor is a hopeless romantic architect and hopeless in general. He's a total girl. He blows it on a first date with Robin the news anchor (Cobie Smulders, what an awesome name which she totally earns in the pilot) right away by confessing his love for her which weirds her out royally. What comes out of this is she joins their friend group for the rest of the series while Ted pines away for her which is an annoying waste of time since Bob Saget always refers to her as \\"Aunt Robin\\" aka NOT the mother. Ted's best friend and roommate is Marshall the lawyer played by Jason Segel who proposes to his girlfriend of nine years in the pilot, Lily played by Alyson Hannigan from \\"Buffy the Vampire Slayer.\\" Marshall and Lily are an adorable married couple and give the rest of us a normal place to view the others from most of the time. They are great friends of Ted's but are also like his parents giving him advice, commands, and criticism. Since you can't have a show without a wacky fifth wheel guy, in waltzes suited up Barney brilliantly played by Neil Patrick Harris. He is the entire reason to start watching this show as his comedy is the best element in it, especially here in season 1 where others are still finding themselves.<br /><br />Ted is obsessed with Robin all season except for a brief hiatus with a pretty cupcake maker that he tries to have a long distance relationship with in Germany (By the way, as someone who has LOTS of experience shipping internationally -- cupcakes would NOT arrive perfectly in a care package like they do in this show!!). That poor girl never had a chance. Ted is totally in love with someone till they aren't directly in front of him and then those creeping doubts show up and swarm him.<br /><br />In Season 1, you can learn more about how Lily and Marshall met, find out how, when, and why Barney first suited up, and see Robin's most humiliating moment, but there are two things you won't find out: what Barney does for a living and who the mother is. Since I saw season 5 first and decided to start back at the beginning, I already know that no one knows who the mother is in season 5 either. It'll take a while so might as well enjoy the silly ride.<br /><br />Bonus Features:<br /><br />There is audio commentary on select episodes, early ones have cast members all together goofing off reminiscing the good times and later ones have show creators and members of the band who wrote the little diddy that is the theme music and won't stop mentioning their band. Might as well pimp their MySpace page while they're at it. \\"First Round\\" is a series of quick funny moments and many high fives put to music (PROBABLY by the same band that does the intro), \\"Happy Hour\\" is a blooper reel that includes the green testicle Ultimate Frisbee story that everyone keeps laughing at and Jason Segel's cell phone goes off among other stuff, and \\"Last Call\\" is just the same as \\"First Round\\" but different silly moments.<br /><br />\\"Happy Hour\\" is the video yearbook for the freshman year of the series where the creatorstalk about how one of them based the couple off himself and his wife and the other based Ted off himself. They discuss casting for Ted (\\"Josh was...handsome enough\\") and how Josh apparently nailed the ultra mushy monologue at the end of the pilot and the casting director asked if he'd marry her. I think I just threw up in my mouth a little. As much as I enjoy love stories, when it gets super mushy and unproductive as with Ted, I get annoyed. They actually had to wait for Jason Segel since he was attached to another sitcom at the time and the creator's wife would only be ok with a character being based on her if she was played by someone sweet and funny like Alyson Hannigan. They loved Cobie for her confidence and ability to sparkle wonderfully in close-ups. They wrote Barney as a heavy-set \\"Animal House\\" type and didn't have NPH in mind, but he auditioned with extraordinary energy in the laser tag scene knocking things over and they gave him the part.<br /><br />They apparently get lots of angry comments about the Ted and Robin romance since she isn't the mother but defend themselves saying that isn't the story they wanted to tell. Ted's need for perfection and obsession with love apparently needs to take a journey through pursuing a relationship with Robin (spoiler: He does not chill out by Season 5, he is still nuts). Barney's catch phrases, choreography, and their favorite episodes.and his wife and the other based Ted off himself. They discuss casting for Ted (\\"Josh was...handsome enough\\") and how Josh apparently nailed the ultra mushy monologue at the end of the pilot and the casting director asked if he'd marry her. I think I just threw up in my mouth a little. As much as I enjoy love stories, when it gets super mushy and unproductive as with Ted, I get annoyed. They actually had to wait for Jason Segel since he was attached to another sitcom at the time and the creator's wife would only be ok with a character being based on her if she was played by someone sweet and funny like Alyson Hannigan. They loved Cobie for her confidence and ability to sparkle wonderfully in close-ups. They wrote Barney as a heavy-set \\"Animal House\\" type and didn't have NPH in mind, but he auditioned with extraordinary energy in the laser tag scene knocking things over and they gave him the part.     They apparently get lots of angry comments about the Ted and Robin romance since she isn't the mother but defend themselves saying that isn't the story they wanted to tell. Ted's need for perfection and obsession with love apparently needs to take a journey through pursuing a relationship with Robin (spoiler: He does not chill out by Season 5, he is still nuts). Barney's catch phrases, choreography, and their favorite episodes.
0061537969|5.0|If I were going to give everyone I know a book for Christmas, THIS would be the book. I cannot properly review it and if I try I will put in too many spoilers. Interestingly: both my wife and I started the book, read a bit, and put it aside. After a week or so we each gave it another look and both got caught up in a most wonderful story.  Give it a read, you will be glad you did.
0765326353|5.0|I think some of the reviews are too harsh. It is true that the prose is not the best, there is some 'fluff' and the story could have been edited to make it more compelling.However,after enduring Robert Jordan's painfully slow WOT series, I am willing to forgive Sanderson for the fluff. Things move at a brisk pace for the most part and it is a far cry from RJ's WOT, where I found myself asking 'Why AM I reading this stuff?'.I read the series nevertheless, because the premise of the story itself was so engaging, although the storytelling was extremely irritating. In TWOK, the story pulls you in right from the beginning and before you know it you are done with the 1000 pages and wanting more.I think the character development is fairly good,except perhaps Shallan's character.Overall, however, this is a story that held my interest despite its length and some flaws. I cannot wait for the next one to come out!
B0030BYWKU|5.0|kids love it and i heard it and loved it to - great to see both generations can listen to it.
B001J2S1K4|3.0|The condition was \\"good,\\" as described. It had a bit of water damage, but I found it on the porch in the rain, and I have no idea how long it was out there. Overall, it's readable and as far as I know not missing any pages or anything.
B0000286CH|4.0|I'll let you in on a little secret, I actually LIKE Celine Dion's French language records.  I mean, there are English language takes that I KINDA like and others that are real guilty pleasures.  And there are also any number of (IMHO) total misfires, records on which her over-the-topness is just too much over the top.  I don't particularly care for AC/DC, so I'm not going say that her singing \\"You Shook Me\\" is SACRILEGE exactly (it's a bad song, no matter how you slice it) but her take on it WAS kinda ridiculous.      Even though Celine's spoken English is quite good, I'm just not sure about her ear for English as it's sung.  It'd probably be one thing if she were working with genuine artists as collaborators, but her producers and songwriters tend to be hitmakers and Schlockmeisters par excellence, and they care more about generating hit product than creating an artistically satisfying work.      But I digress, Celine is so much more natural in her own language (even in the more standardized, European variety--which is substantially different from her native Quebecois) that you might not even recognize the tracks as stemming from the same singer you know from her American hits.  The devices that she occasionally employs to ill effect in English, an exaggerated breathiness, for instance, are used much more effectively when she's working in the comfortable space of her native tongue.    This record is a collaboration with songwriter-producer Jean-Jacques Goldman.  Celine seems to identify and embody the material he provides her in a way she never has quite managed to do on her English language recordings.  She even manages a French language blues song (with some key lines in English, actually) and sounds pretty authentic and quite good doing so.  Too bad that she's not really permitted to do more of this kind of stuff for the American audience (we're assumed to be too linguistically provincial for truly international pop).  I think her fans would still love her AND her critics (moi aussi) might be convinced that she has a lot to offer after all.
B002ZCY7TG|5.0|4 Blu-ray Discs, released December 14, 2010<br /><br />The final season of Jack Bauer. Please, please, please let a movie deal go through like I heard a rumor for! I will miss Jack Bauer. He is a man of action who can go 24 hours without eating, sleeping, or going to the bathroom. He was my inspiration for my roller derby name, Jackie Bauer. And now once more he has descended into the darkness.<br /><br />This year was the year CTU moved to New York. They were right, how many times can you almost blow up Los Angeles? A year and a half after Day 7, Jack Bauer played by Kiefer Sutherland becomes involved once again at CTU after rumors of assassination attempts threaten to ruin a peace treaty taking place between U.S. President Allison Taylor played by Cherry Jones and Kamistan President Omar Hassan played by Anil Kapoor (\\"Slumdog Millionaire\\"). Renee Walker played by Annie Wersching eventually returns because of a deep undercover background she has with suspects involved and her past comes back to haunt her as she proves a little mentally unstable in the line of duty. However, as a love interest for Jack, on his final day, Day 8, Jack finally gets laid. Booyah, my man! About time!<br /><br />Chloe O'Brian played by Mary Lynn Rajskub returns to CTU in New York as well to help out. She has outwitted, outlasted, and outplayed every other character in the series short of Jack himself. It is amazing how this character who started out as a babysitter with symptons of Asperger's syndrome to undermining all authority figures to be Jack Bauer's last line of communication and defense in all situations. Though they probably don't get together for kids' birthday parties or anything, she is probably his best friend. What does she do in this season? Gets threatened, helps Jack, gets threatened, helps Jack, rats out suspicious coworkers, helps Jack, you get the idea.<br /><br />Katee Sackhoff plays Dana Walsh, an operative at CTU who at first appears to be a whiny weakling with emotional baggage and an ex-con ex-boyfriend terrorizing her and eventually flips the switch to reveal more secrets about herself. Her fiance, Cole Ortiz is played by the long absent Freddie Prinze, Jr. (who is a writer for the WWE by the way, fun fact!) thinks she has cold feet but his head is spinning when her truth comes out. Also former President Charles Logan played by Gregory Itzin makes a special appearance for eight episodes to be just as evil as ever and tries to tempt President Allison Taylor into compromising her morals to get the peace treaty signed. And what season of \\"24\\" wouldn't be complete without a quick appearance by Kim Bauer played by Elisha Cuthbert? No, she doesn't get eaten by a bobcat. She just ups the stakes for what Jack could win or lose like always.<br /><br />An exciting last season, no disappointment here except for the temporary doubt of Allison Taylor's character when she gets sucked in by Logan's deceit. This is a worthy addition to your collection. I still miss President David Palmer, it's just not the same seeing him sell Allstate Insurance or whatever.<br /><br />Bonus Features:<br /><br />\\"The Ultimate CTU\\" talks about all the adjustments made for moving the series this year the is a behind the scenes bit about what they wished to accomplish. What is REALLY awesome is the featurette called \\"Virtually New York\\" where they show you how much green screening they did! You never would have guessed! In L.A., it's easy to shoot a show for nine months, but in New York, there are seasons. They did a fantastic job hiding snow in alleys, or they'd shoot Kiefer Sutherland walking down an ordinary sidewalk and then show you what it looked like on the show with a split screen showing all the tall buildings they added next to him. They were able to virtually add sunsets, sunrises, New York landmarks, and tons of stuff that would have been very difficult and expensive to shoot. A set that might cost thousands of dollars to build for a short scene instead can have elements and by shot against a moving green screen backdrop and have everything else added later. Totally blew my mind since it isn't obvious at all in the show.<br /><br />There is a featurette called \\"Chloe's arrest\\" that shows what happens to Chloe for helping Jack escape as she is taken into FBI custody. I'm crossing my fingers that this is a trailer/segway or possible intro to what could be a \\"24\\" movie!!  There are lots of deleted scenes, extended episodes, and scenemakers on 21 episodes on things like continuity (VERY important in a series that is supposed to take place in 24 hours!), directing, stunts, effects, getting inside Chloe's head during a character turn, etc.een screen backdrop and have everything else added later. Totally blew my mind since it isn't obvious at all in the show.    There is a featurette called \\"Chloe's arrest\\" that shows what happens to Chloe for helping Jack escape as she is taken into FBI custody. I'm crossing my fingers that this is a trailer/segway or possible intro to what could be a \\"24\\" movie!!  There are lots of deleted scenes, extended episodes, and scenemakers on 21 episodes on things like continuity (VERY important in a series that is supposed to take place in 24 hours!), directing, stunts, effects, getting inside Chloe's head during a character turn, etc.
B003UESJHO|4.0|I enjoyed watching the Fighter starring Mark Wahlberg.  The actors inhabit the characters they play on screen.  I forgot I was watching two actors, and I was immediately drawn into the llives of brothers  Mikey and Dicky Eklund.  Christian Bale co stars as Dicky. He is the older brother and trainer of boxer Mikey Ward.  Bale's performance as a crack cocaine addict is convincing.  He is a person who is trying to clean up his life and train his brother in boxing at the same time.  One of the most powerful scenes in the movie involves Dicky listening to one of his brother's fights on the telephone.  The boxing scenes are good.  Even though I knew the outcome of the fights being a boxing fan, it was still fun to see Mark Wahlberg throw punches.  Boxing is not just a physical sport.  It is also a mental sport that involves mental will power  and strategy.  The scenes between Wahlberg and Bale convey this very well.  Amy Adams is also very good as Charlene.  She plays Micky's love interest.  I like how their relationship develops in the movie.  Charlene is not easily accepted by the members of Dicky's family.  His family includes his mother Alice.  She is played well by Melissa Leo.  She is a woman who is trying to support her two sons at different stages  Dicky also has many sisters in the film.  They don't seem to do anything but sit on the couch and smoke cigarettes.  The strength of the film are the performances by Wahlberg, Bale  Adams and Melissa Leo, so these minor characters are okay.<br /><br />This film features the song \\"Here We Go Again\\" by Whitesnake.  This is a great song  but it is not included on the soundtrack.  This is a minor disappointment.  The instrumental music played at the end of the movie is upbeat, but that is about all I can say about the music.  The Fighter is an entertaining  film with excellent acting performances. It lacks memorable music that would make this film perfect.
B000V6BE6M|5.0|If you like the Return of the King soundtrack, you'll love the complete recordings. The way Howard Shore weaves the themes together and uses them to tell the story is simply amazing. There's so much material that's missing in the soundtrack. Besides that, it's some of the most beautiful and rich music I've ever heard!
0345505387|5.0|Great companion book if you love the Outlander Series. It is really fun to see Jamie Frasier represented this way!
030726999X|5.0|I was glad to find all of the story lines concluded in this third installment of the Lisbeth Salander story, whether or not there are any more to come.
B000002L80|5.0|I was always intrigued by Talking Heads, although I admit to listening to them only sporadically from their debut in '77 to their demise in '88 (or was it '91).  Don't ask me why, except that maybe I'm almost exactly David Byrne's own age, and my favorite groups will always and inevitably the bands who were just a tad older than me and could be kinda-sorta role models.  Or maybe I was just jealous, the Heads were doing the kind of Post-Pop-Art pop that I would have like to  have invented meself had I the vision and the chops.  Or if I had just started off with this album.  This is the stripped down, lean and somewhat mean Talking Heads that some fans apparently prefer and others find musically listless (after all those polyrhythms and stuff on the albums immediately prior).  But as a starting point, I can't think of better.  The skewed lyrics with their willed and willful naivete just amuse me to no end.  The band is pretty much JUST the band, no guest artists with their own histories, cultures and agendas (NOT meant in a bad way).     It seemed like every British band to emerge in the 60s and 70s were art school refugees, but the Talking Heads were the only US art school alums I can think of who formed a successful rock band.  They probably had just enough of that training to be drawn to the new and the innovative, but not enough to get them all hung up on some weird theory of what r'n'r should be.    So they could create albums like this with not a bad or stultifyingly pretentious tune on it.    I just have this feeling that had I been 17 when they came out (not 25) and more or less the person I was and am, well, by gum, they'd probably have been my all time favorite group.
B002ZG98C8|5.0|Machete<br />1 DVD Widescreen Disc, being released January 4, 2010<br /><br />\\"Machete\\" was directed by Robert Rodriguez and Ethan Maniquis and is an expansion of a fake trailer for a film of the same name that was shown during the double feature \\"Grindhouse.\\" If only more movies could be like this: cut into a trailer and the people either demand it or don't. Then stuff like the upcoming Vince Vaughn and Kevin James movie, \\"The Dilemma\\" wouldn't get made. I remember cheering for this trailer in the theater and the movie was pretty much what I expected it to be. The premise is that an ex-Federale is hired for an assassination, but is then betrayed by the people who hired him who are trying to get a Senator re-elected by getting sympathy from the voters. Machete goes on a rampage of revenge with the help of the network.<br /><br />\\"Machete\\" is best when it embraces its genre. The campiness, the ridiculous amount of violence, gunfire, explosions, and gratuitous hot babes are all elements of what makes this movie work. The only parts that take away from the movie are the moments of seriousness where actors try to do something deeper with their performances. For example, Lindsay Lohan plays a slutty daughter of the man who hired and wronged Machete. Her back story is pretty bad, basically she enjoys putting nude photos of herself online to get attention for modeling and later takes a turn that gets her in a nun's uniform with a gun. The journey from point A to point B is a little painful, but if she could have just let herself go a little and rattle off one-liner's without being self conscious about it, she could have done better.<br /><br />Danny Trejo as Machete has a face we all remember, though before now may not have remembered his name so vividly. He carries this movie with awesome action sequences and deeply buried emotions. He's a man's man getting it done and then randomly hitting it with hot babes who get naked for him. Does that part make sense? Heck no. Does it feel like a reward for years of supporting hitman roles? Hells to the yeah.<br /><br />Jessica Alba plays Sartana Rivera, a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agent trying to track down the network that helps immigrants led by \\"She\\" played by Michelle Rodriguez. Once Machete is framed for a crime he didn't commit and is able to gather evidence against his foes, Sartana switches gears to help him and get the real criminals who set this up behind bars. Both women walk the line of the tone of this movie very well. They hop between earnestly fighting for their goals, oozing sex appeal, and participating in crazy action scenes. Cheech Marin has a great short stint as the ass-kicking Padre.<br /><br />The baddies are former \\"Lost\\" cast member, Jeff Fahey who is the man behind the curtain of the hire-up and main betrayer of Machete. His steel blue eyes and deep voiced resolve are perfect for setting up the movie. Robert De Niro is a little silly as a cowboy Anti-Immigration Texas Senator McLaughlin, but that fits this movie too.<br /><br />What this movie did amazingly well as make sure to incorporate every scene shown in the original fake trailer! It would have been a little better at \\"Grindhouse\\" length, say 75 minutes or so and trimming down some of the fat (scenes getting too serious, slowing the story down). Definitely worth checking out for some crazy violence and action! For example, I looked away from the TV for a second and missed FIVE people getting decapitated at once. Whoa.<br /><br />Bonus Features:<br /><br />There is an audience track so you can listen to other people laughing and reacting to Machete decapitating people. There are five deleted scenes, some of which are a big surprise! Turns out Jessica Alba's character had a slutty twin whom she walks in on in bed with some guy often enough to be in two cut scenes. There are more scenes with our DeNiro politician where elements of the plot are explained to him (when they don't need to be).ars of supporting hitman roles? Hells to the yeah.    Jessica Alba plays Sartana Rivera, a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agent trying to track down the network that helps immigrants led by \\"She\\" played by Michelle Rodriguez. Once Machete is framed for a crime he didn't commit and is able to gather evidence against his foes, Sartana switches gears to help him and get the real criminals who set this up behind bars. Both women walk the line of the tone of this movie very well. They hop between earnestly fighting for their goals, oozing sex appeal, and participating in crazy action scenes. Cheech Marin has a great short stint as the ass-kicking Padre.    The baddies are former \\"Lost\\" cast member, Jeff Fahey who is the man behind the curtain of the hire-up and main betrayer of Machete. His steel blue eyes and deep voiced resolve are perfect for setting up the movie. Robert De Niro is a little silly as a cowboy Anti-Immigration Texas Senator McLaughlin, but that fits this movie too.    What this movie did amazingly well as make sure to incorporate every scene shown in the original fake trailer! It would have been a little better at \\"Grindhouse\\" length, say 75 minutes or so and trimming down some of the fat (scenes getting too serious, slowing the story down). Definitely worth checking out for some crazy violence and action! For example, I looked away from the TV for a second and missed FIVE people getting decapitated at once. Whoa.    Bonus Features:    There is an audience track so you can listen to other people laughing and reacting to Machete decapitating people. There are five deleted scenes, some of which are a big surprise! Turns out Jessica Alba's character had a slutty twin whom she walks in on in bed with some guy often enough to be in two cut scenes. There are more scenes with our DeNiro politician where elements of the plot are explained to him (when they don't need to be).
B0032JTV6U|5.0|All i can say about this box set is that it is amazing! Every glee fan should have this. :D
B0011UBDTK|5.0|Don't remember exactly when I purchased the set, have a 2005 version that plays just fine.  I love the pink suede packaging and bonus features disc!
B001GQSY5K|5.0|This was a gift for my son who loves all things Star Wars. He loves it. It was a \\"lightning deal\\" on Amazon before Christmas, so it was also a great price. Shipped quickly with free shipping.
B0013LPS8E|4.0|For some odd reason I've been listening of late to two groups that I always said I liked, but didn't really devote all that much attention to: U2 and Talking Heads. If anyone can tell me what these two bands have in common, well, s/he's a better critic than I.  The one realization that I HAVE made is that it's almost a shame that I wasn't a tad younger when these bands came out.  The groups that you fall in love with, really, are the ones you hear at age 16 or 17, when you're just so open to music and, if you're lucky, have enough pocket money to actually buy it!  You hole up in your room and just enter a whole 'nother universe.    The sheer majesty of U2's music would guarantee that they would have a surfeit of such ardent followers.  Of course, there are going to be a fair number of haters too, which also is part of the territory when you play the grandiosity game.  But you'd think that even their severest critics would have to grant the power of their grand sweep.    I've always liked the fact that the band's lyrics are just a little bit obscure. So \\"New Year's Day\\" somehow combines love song sentiments to more universal sentiments (having to do with the Polish Solidarity movement, I'm told?).  Somehow the mix of the personal and the political works.  (I also didn't immediately get the MLK connection in \\"In the Name of Love,\\" but that's another album).  So there are tender emotions sewn into the fabric of individual songs.  It would be nice, though, if there were an actual quiet moments on the record too.  A song like \\"Drowning Man\\" is more of a power ballad than a meditative one.  In '83, that's pretty much where the band was, I guess.  Every song had to have a bit of sonic whoosh to it.      WAR will never be my midnight album, but there's certainly room for its stylized grandeur and its passionate politics in my life and in my record collection.
B001NEK2GE|5.0|Great product! I bought one to use while playing World of Warcraft (WOW) and really love it. The keyboard does take a little getting used to, being that I was used to using my standard keyboard, but after I got used to it, talk about nice! I LOVE the analog joystick for directional use and truth be told, was not sure how I did without it. The macro option is great and if you are not playing with at least simple macros, you will love using them! I love being able to configure multiple profiles for different toons and style of play. My friend actually bought me one for Christmas and has it in his possession because I could not wait to get used to playing it for Cataclysm release. He has a different one that is also sold on this site, but this one trumps it. I gave 4 stars on ease of use, due to the break in period. After getting used to it, you will not want to go without it.
0307593525|5.0|PERFECT gift!!! Arrived in plenty of time, in perfect condition and the two cookbooks themselves, classics! Every kitchen should own this two volume set, a MUST.
0375842209|5.0|I will be truthful. I don't read this sort of book. I am a fantasy lover - always have been. An occasional classic is ok for me but I love books that transport me into another realm. My sister read this book 2 years ago , fell in love with it and had been after me to read this book. So I read it just because I didn't have anything else to read. I am more than glad that I did. I have never cried while reading a book - but I cried my eyes out while reading The Book Thief. Even if I say that I was blown away by this book, that still won't do the book justice.<br /><br />Set in the Nazi Germany during the World War II this is a haunting and memorable book narrated by death about a young girl saved by power of words. Her first act of thievery is by her  brother's graveside when she picks up a book left by accident. Soon, as she starts finding comfort in the words of the books her hunger for books increases which leads to more acts of thievery, branding her a \\"Book Thief\\". Living under the fear of bombings, with the fast depleting resources of her foster parents, Leslie's only solace are books which she shares with the people in the bomb shelter and the Jew hidden in the basement of her foster parents' house.<br /><br />The Book Thief is a hauntingly beautiful and poignant book written by a very talented author and narrated by Death.Yes,you read that right! This book is narrated my death.Sounds grim? Yes, but maybe that's what makes this book so special, its narration by Death signifying its eminent presence during war years. The strange thing is that you already know who is going to die and who is going to live even before you reach the end. But somehow the wait for it to happen worsens the pain and sadness. The author does not gain the way to the reader's heart by writing gruesome details about oppression and torture, but rather by simply depicting simple human emotions in its truest of forms- not too exaggerated and not too little. From the very first page of the novel you know that it's not going to be a happy ending. After reading this book I kept thinking why did it have to end this way? If I ponder a little bit I think the book would not have been so unforgettable for me if it had a happy ending. It would not have been so realistic. The truth is that life is harsh and most of the time it does not go the way we planned. The book manages to connect to the readers' heart because of its realistic setting and the true human depiction of each and every character. None of the characters in this book are perfect. You would hate them and love them at the same time be it the protagonist, the \\"book thief\\"- Leslie or the lively and irritating Rudy. You would even end up loving the loud spoken and quick tempered Rosa Hubermann. The one character I couldn't help loving the most would be Leslie's foster dad Hans Hubermann. All along he is thought as a coward but the courage with which he stands up to his ideals and promise proves otherwise. His soft and simple nature along with his love for his foster daughter won my heart. A truly unforgettable book which could be remembered page by page even after many years.<br /><br />Favourite Quotes:<br />\\"I have hated the words and I have loved them, and I hope I have made them right.\\"<br /><br />\\"I wanted to tell the book thief many things, about beauty and brutality. But what could I tell her about those things that she didn't already know? I wanted to explain that I am constantly overestimating and underestimating the human race - that rarely do I ever simply estimate it. I wanted to ask her how the same thing could be so ugly and so glorious, and its words so damning and brilliant.\\"<br /><br />Overall:<br />Sad, depressing, yet so beautiful.<br /><br />Recommended?<br />Yes! To every person who loves to have a good cry over a book; who loves to live in the bitter-sweet moments of life; who truly connects to the characters' feelings and who looks for something different in a book, something that makes a book truly memorable.
B0042JTDXK|4.0|I bought this for my daughter but have kind of taken it over.  Song 7 is my favorite.  And I tend to like the middle and end of the cd better than the first few songs.
B00009Y3L4|5.0|One of the best movies ever.   A perfect balance between comedy and drama, story and history, brilliantly edited, aced, directed ! You can watch this movie over 20 times (as I did) and never get tired of it. Proof that a movie can be entertaining without being dumb! Absolute gem!
B004DTXJ4S|5.0|This movie was great in 3-D at the theater and even better at a party held at my house for a bunch of friends.  Don't miss the clip buried in the credits!
B001VNB54A|5.0|This was a very realistic depiction of the War in the Pacific, according to men who had been there.  Very interesting to watch and very sad to see so many lives lost.
B003IDEX04|5.0|The Diary of a Young Girl book gives us an inner look into the lives of the Jews in hiding after the Nazi occupation of Holland in 1942. It is from the perspective of 13 years old Anne Frank whose family was forced to go into hiding in 1942 after there was a call up for Margot, Anne's elder sister. Anne's diary gives a vivid description of the daily going ons in the Secret Annexe where they were hiding along with another family, the Van Daans. Her account is both compelling and amusing, and talks about their constant fear of discovery, their hopes and their courage. As the time goes by the reader sees Anne maturing into a promising young woman whose life with all her promise, unfortunately came to an early end after their whereabouts were betrayed to the Gestapo.<br /><br />Anne Frank was spirited and full of life being more extroverted of the two Frank sisters. She liked reading and had an active imagination, and even wrote some short stories. The adults in the Secret Annexe thought her obnoxious and too knowing, and wanted her to become well mannered like her elder sister. But as the readers read on they realise that she behaves like that to hide her true feelings. She often reprimanded herself for the things she wrote in the diary. The readers see Anne maturing over the period of time.<br /><br />As the readers get to know Anne's hopes and fears, they would ardently wish that she had lived to fulfil all her hopes. Maybe that's what makes the book really depressing, knowing that the life of a girl so alive and promising was cut short so prematurely and tragically. As the diary deals mainly with the day to day going on in the Secret Annexe so can get boring at parts. But this is still a book that should be read by all.<br /><br />Anne's longing to breathe in the fresh air after living in confinement for a long time shows that how lucky we are to live as free citizens. It also shows human courage and benevolence in the people who helped the Franks when they had gone into hiding. A thoughtful and moving book, that can't be forgotten easily.<br /><br />Favourite Quotes:<br />\\"It's really a wonder that I haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet I keep them, because in spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart.\\"<br /><br />\\"The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quite alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be and that God wishes to see people happy, amidst the simple beauty of nature. As longs as this exists, and it certainly always will, I know that then there will always be comfort for every sorrow, whatever the circumstances may be. And I firmly believe that nature brings solace in all troubles.\\"<br /><br />Overall:<br />Inspiring, Sad and Eye-Opening. This is one of those books which I would call a \\"must-read\\".<br /><br />Recommended?<br />Yes! To everyone! However I would not recommend it to people who want something for light reading as the book can get depressing.into hiding. A thoughtful and moving book, that can't be forgotten easily.<br /><br />Favourite Quotes:<br />\\"It's really a wonder that I haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet I keep them, because in spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart.\\"<br /><br />\\"The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quite alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be and that God wishes to see people happy, amidst the simple beauty of nature. As longs as this exists, and it certainly always will, I know that then there will always be comfort for every sorrow, whatever the circumstances may be. And I firmly believe that nature brings solace in all troubles.\\"<br /><br />Overall:<br />Inspiring, Sad and Eye-Opening. This is one of those books which I would call a \\"must-read\\".<br /><br />Recommended?<br />Yes! To everyone! However I would not recommend it to people who want something for light reading as the book can get depressing.
B001EN71CW|5.0|Its hard for us to give an unbiased view, being huge fans of firefly before we bought it on DVD, however, there are significant upgrades here from the DVD release; a full 5.1 audio track combined with high def video really does make the viewing more immersive than the 2 channel audio previously available.     In terms of specifics, a big upside to this blu ray is that it works in both the US and UK regions - we're in London and ordered from overseas as the blu ray has not been released here. A minor note is that the rendered CGI scenes are apparently still standard def, although this was not something obviously apparent to us.
B001KVZ6FW|2.0|After all the good reviews, I was awaiting a wonderful movie and instead saw a muddled plot and cliched characters.  Two stars for the visual effect of the movie though couldn't stand to watch the entire movie.
B001PU8N0I|5.0|Stellar--a must see for Dickens fans.  The acting, screenplay, sets, costumes are superb.  This is a dramatic adaptation to savor and watch again.
1594488843|1.0|Not worth reading otherwise. What makes people do stuff, lots of experiments described in detail. Who cares  Would have given it zero stars, but Amazon won't accept a zero
0399536108|4.0|Great food for thought. You may need to get past some of his political agendas and the fact that the society he hates paid for his education, but that is the only down side. He shares great ideas, so enjoy!
032147404X|3.0|I got the book for Christmas. Its every obviously made for people who purchased or received a DSLR camera, and have no clue how to use it. I was asking for a book that instructed advanced techniques. A MUST HAVE FOR BEGINNERS, but if you know basic stuff, look elsewhere.
B001U3Y5XE|2.0|My 7 1/2 -year-old Lego fanatic received this game for Christmas.  We've played it a few times now, but it's so difficult to build the items in the pictures with the pieces provided that it's almost too frustrating to play.  One example is the motorcycle...there are no single-wheel axels included with the set, making this one next to impossible to build.  The pieces that are included are generally too small to build with and if you do find the piece you need, there aren't enough of them.  Another thing I'd like to see is some kind of cover to go over the compartments of the Lego tray, because anytime the box is turned on its end, the pieces dump out of their compartments and have to be re-sorted before playing again.  Quite the disappointment given how difficult it was to find this game in-stock for a reasonable price...  :o(  On another note, we also received the Make 'n Break game by Ravensburger for Christmas and like that WAY better...much more of a hit than this one for all family members!!
B001ILFUDC|3.0|Great movie.  Poor DVD.  Brand new and it skips and gets stuck in about 5 places throughout the movie.  Was a little disappointed that a new product would come that way.
B00275EHJG|5.0|If it's action you want, this has about as much as anyone would want! It is more action-packed than the first two and, at times, it keeps you sitting on the edge of your seat! That's just me! It did the same to my grandchildren.  Along with a not-so-predictable story line, it does present a small preview of what the world is really like out there. Just a cartoon? Yes, but I could easily subsitute several \\"real-life\\" situations for a few of the scenes in this movie.   I give it 4 of 5 stars and would highly recomend this for any age group.
B000W91RUG|5.0|Christmas gift for the 19 year old daughter, she opened the gift and immediately took it to her room and watched it, all we heard downstairs was giggling how refreshing.  She can't wait to receive Season 2 for her birthday!!!!!!!
B0036TGSJ4|4.0|I have always enjoyed Emma Stone's other movies and this one was no exception. She is so much fun to watch! (If you're not convinced then check out her role in Ghosts of Girlfriends Past). The story line was pretty predictable, however, there were some pretty darned funny moments. The supporting cast of Thomas Haden Church, Stanley Tucci,Patricia Clarkson and Lisa Kudrow were just icing on the cake. This irreverently funny movie is A-OK in my book.
B00448SE4S|1.0|I rented this movie based on the reviews, I even played a demo version of the video game on the Playstation 3.  The movie starts out ok in the beginning, but somewhere past the halfway point the movie became too \\"wild\\" and repetitive.  I actually felt sleepy and wanted the movie to end. Fortunately I only rented in for $0.99.
B000SQMLAS|4.0|Not quite an original pressing but an early one, certainly, this album arrived quickly and in excellent condition, including all the extras in the original packaging.
B002PEP4U0|5.0|This was one of the more memorable and touching books I've read in a long time.  While not the very best piece of writing, the story will quickly capture your heart and imagination.  William and his friends are kids you would know from your own neigborhood; but their survivor mentality can only be homegrown in Malawi.  By the end of the book, I found myself rooting for all of them and feeling a sense of pride that is tiny in comparison to what William's family and village must feel for him. A dream, a vision, a \\"can do\\" attitude are all lessons for each of us to learn from this story.  I can't help but wonder if this kind of ingenuity exists any longer in our culture of computers, creature comforts and instant gratification... let's hope that is not the reality.  Thanks to Bryan Mealer for helping William Kamkwamba tell this story.  I can't wait for the documentary!!
B003UESJHO|4.0|THE FIGHTER may be based on a true story, but that doesn't mean that much of the skeleton of its plot doesn't feel like a rehash of Hollywood clichés.  Struggling blue-collar guy from a dysfunctional family gains a shot, late in life, at boxing glory.  Various obstacles get in his way, but with the love of a good woman and some unconventional training & methods...he gets his shot at the title.  It's the kind of plot that would not normally get my blood pumping in anticipation.    But of course, THE FIGHTHER is brought to us by the singular director David O. Russell (the brilliant and very sadly overlooked THREE KINGS), and features some amazing performers.  It's a true story.  And it's a two-way shot-at-redemption story.    Mickey Ward (Mark Wahlberg) is a boxer from Lowell, MA who has been under the management of his mother (Melissa Leo) and the tutelage of his half-brother Dickey (Christian Bale).  He's not had much luck, mostly serving as a punching bag and stepping-stone for other boxers.  Dickey is himself a boxer, one who once battled Sugar Ray Leonard and knocked him down during a fight.  But Dickey is getting on in years AND he has a pretty serious problem with crack cocaine.  His drug usage makes him late for training, late for flights and just generally a volatile and scary person to be around.  In the early going of the film, an HBO crew follows Dickey and his family around...Dickey crows about how the film crew is documenting his comeback.  And we have to wonder how anyone could seriously think this shrunken, mumbling, twitching man could ever mount a comeback.      Mickey seems doomed to a 3rd class boxer forever...and already sees a life of working on a roadcrew or a roofing company as the only thing he has to look forward to.  He comes from a FRIGHTENING family.  His mother lives in a middle-class house with her SEVEN daughters.  All these women are imposing and just a little crazy.  The daughters cling to their mother like harpies-in-training...andMom is a force of nature.  She clearly believes that she has business savvy and that she has the best interests of her sons in mind.  But she is really a blue-collar monster.  Her domineering presence has stopped the men in her life, including her current husband, from blossoming.    But Mickey meets a bar girl, who is just as rough and blue-collar as anyone else (Amy Adams)...but this is the girl who will pry him away from his family.  She's tough and fearless.  There's a great scene where she is first introduced to all the women...and the scrutiny, name-calling and obvious hatred that fills the overcrowded living room would surely crush a lesser woman.  But Adams stands her ground, and finally Mickey can talk back too...just a little.  Later, circumstance gives Mickey the chance to take on a new manager and some new training, and his career begins to head in a new direction.    I don't want to say any more.  The journey these characters take is gripping stuff, and I'd hate to spoil anymore.  And the journey is greatly aided by some terrific acting.  Melissa Leo (so fantastic a couple of years ago in FROZEN RIVER, and prior to that in 21 GRAMS) is a powerhouse.  Here's an actress who has no ego and no qualms about making herself physically and emotionally ugly.  Just knowing she was in the film was enough to grab my interest...she's that good.  Amy Adams plays against type as a character earthier than we are accustomed to from her...and she's amusing and fun.  Wahlberg gives another restrained but effective performance.  He has a style that is becoming very familiar now...the nice guy who is perhaps slow to speak and slower to anger...but when it comes out, watch out.  But we root for him throughout, and it is his emotional journey we follow gladly.  Christian Bale, however, is more problematic.  He absolutely looks the part...once again, he's dropped weight and made himself look his part.  But his manic energy, which is appropriate for his drug-addled character, seems showy and flashy.  The other characters feel like people we might meet and recognize...Bale is acting on another, more \\"actorish\\" level, and he feels removed from everyone else.  For him, this appears to be \\"The Christian Bale Show.\\"  I admit, I'm not a fan...I really dislike him as Batman/Bruce Wayne...but every time I think I'm being too hard on the guy, he reaffirms my inclination to call him vastly overrated.  (That being said, he WAS great in AMERICAN PSYCHO.)    THE FIGHTER isn't quite the movie of the year.  But it's endlessly interesting, directed in an effective and restrained manner, and for the most part, impeccably acted.  The locales feel authentic.  The boxing scenes are excellent and easy to follow.  And the fact that it's true certainly adds something.  I recommend it enthusiastically.
B0015AARJI|5.0|jEveything that I bought from Amazon and their sellers this<br />christmas.  Has been evrything they said about their products' have arrived on time.  This was the first time I have ever used Amazon and their sellers.  Am very happy will the service and help form every one.  Will still buy from this site in the the coming year  thank you, so much for everyones help  Ginger
B0036EH3WU|5.0|I bought this full set for my daughter for Christmas, and her reaction was classic...sheer delight. The excitement didnt stop at opening the present, when things died down from opening packages, and she actually had time to open the boxed set and explore the contents, it was as much of an adventure as watching the show. From the cool design of the package which stayed thrillingly in tune with the actual show, to the mysteries of the secrets that the box held, every second became an adventure. The secret contents within the box made it like opening packages all over again. With each solved clue, and each hidden compartment her excitement over the gift just continued...\\"Dad, look how cool/this\\" and \\"Dad, look how cool/that\\", it was worth every penny...her delight with the quality of the gift. From the design to the product this is one of the best gifts I have ever had the delight to give. I think I will go and watch another episode with the kids now!!! Thanks Amazon for an excellant service and a top quality product.
0060760273|5.0|This book is a must own book.  Each of my 4 children have this book memorized from a young age.  It is very engaging and a great night-time story to read.  This is a great gift with the bunny.
B001TKD4ZI|4.0|I read a lot of paranormal romance books and while many are predictable some have enjoyable twists that just make the book unique. Roman Draganesti is an appealing male lead vampire. He is aloof, ancient, and bored, and while that is not unusual for a vampire romance novel, the trouble he gets himself into is. Shanna also is a likeable female lead, who is a strong, independent woman who finds herself caught between what initially appears to be one bad situation and definately a worse situation. I thoroughly enjoyed reading about Roman's answer to his tooth problem and of course how he broke his tooth in the first place. And the neat twists Sparks adds to the vampire world is interesting. It is of course, sexy and hot. If you like paranormal romances, this is a good one. Not exceptional, but fun...and that is the point of most of these books - to be a fun, enjoyable read.
B00164GDD2|5.0|This is a really good Blu ray edition despite what many of the reviewers on here say. It is loaded with special features and I personally think the transfer is extremely good quality.
B002ZG993Q|4.0|If your expecting riveting action, then don't see this movie. If you want to be kept in suspense and not know what you just watched, but loved the evolution of circumstance and characters, then watch this movie! This movie will be a classic one day. It's like opening the middle of a great book that the author never finished, but that doesn't matter because the author is such a great writer. Movie aficionados will appreciate the director's vision.
B0018BF1JA|5.0|If you are a fan of good guitar playing, as well as, innovative guitar playing, you need to buy this CD.  Vai is truly an artist painting musical masterpieces!
B003DZX3SA|5.0|By now everyone should already know what a great movie Beauty and the Beast is, not just for kids, but for adults as well. What can I say that hasn't already been said? The songs are timeless, as is the humor and characters.    For you parents, this is one of those movies you won't mind watching over and over and over again and again and again with your kids (you know, the way they do). So sit back and enjoy the tale as old as time.
B0034JKZ86|5.0|This is such a wonderful movie!  It is full of humor, magic and heart in true Disney style.  For people who know Louisiana it is even more funny for the little cultural jokes they make that those unfamiliar with the culture there may not realize.
B0021L8V0M|4.0|Well, you've read all the reviews thus far within this Amazon customer review capsule but I just had to get my two cents in by saying to Hollywood , Please, stop trying to put Angelina Jolie into other genres other than Action, She is perfect at what she does best , Kick Butt!  Besides her role as Lara Croft in two 'TOMB RAIDER' films and her underrated performance in Timur Backmambetov's 'WANTED', this may be her best role ever. Veteran Director Philip Noyce pulls out all the stops in filming sequences where she resembles a spider, the insect which her on screen husband is an expert on and the tense editing by Stuart Baird and John Gilroy , aided by crisp photography by Robert Elswit, propels the affair through double crosses and James Bond territory (note hommages to 'DIE ANOTHER DAY': the North Korean opening in the Directors cut; 'FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE' with Orlav's knife in the shoe fight sequence in an elevator; traces of sleeper themes from 'THE LONG KISS GOODNIGHT  and even USA television's brilliant series 'BURN NOTICE' with our heroines escape from a helicopter over the Potomac River as Michael Weston did at the end of season two). There are 3 different versions to choose from and I saw the Director's cut which seems to have differed from the theatrical. Angie may never be a great actress but will be memorable for her action forays of which this is her best.
B0042K4ZZK|4.0|Of course, there is the French movie [[ASIN:B00008ZZ9E La Femme Nikita]] which is fantastic on it's own, and I remember the day I heard there was going to be an American remake, and did not know what to expect, and was pleasantly surprised with the result in [[ASIN:B001O7JHV6 Point of No Return]]. The remake being reflective of the original, and very well cast with Bridget Fonda and the late Anne Bancroft.  Not many realize there was a Japanese version called [[ASIN:B001452BZC Black Cat]] which is great, and there is even a sequel. But good luck finding those movies.<br /><br />Bringing this character to television as [[ASIN:B00008ZL4Q La Femme Nikita]] was intriguing, and I looked forward to it with anticipation.  But could not imagine how they could make a series from it, but they succeeded in many ways.  Lasting five seasons, but a hot and sexy first three seasons that started going downhill by crossing the line.  Nikita and Michael kissing is the kiss of doom.  Just like Mulder and Scully.  Once it happens, the show is over.  However Peta Wilson and Roy Dupuis were steaming hot, and the action in the first three seasons was off the charts.  It did in fact continue past the five seasons in a way since the creators went from cable to prime time with a tiny show they made called [[ASIN:B0044E9JU0 24]].  24 is basically their La Femme Nikita with a bigger budget.<br /><br />Now comes [[ASIN:B0042K4ZZK Nikita]], another confusing thought, and what a huge risk to follow all of the former outings.  But bravo to the writers here.  I expected to go through the entire routine again from botched robbery to a course in etiquette, but they really took this a step further.  I actually don't want to give away the plot (see the Pilot) because there is one helluva twist here.  Nikita is in fact her sexy self in another body, but we have a bonus in Alex (young woman).  However, Michael is not smoldering hot to the point of toe curling, nor intimidating in any way, as Shane West does not have what it takes. We do need to see less of him, and he should probably die.  Since this is in the future of the story, it would be okay to see him canceled.<br /><br />For television, Roy and Peta will be hard to beat in the back scratching sexual tension, but it still works here.  There is no sexual chemistry between Michael and Nikita, because that was in the past, and they are not together with this plot. But they have history that you watch as if you are in on the secret. So, we are relying on Alex to bring the attraction and the action, and Nikita will have her back.  There is still plenty of action, innuendo, rivalry, survival, and mind games in a well written series staying true to the feeling of our heroine being who we know, just a bit in her future.  Maggie Q makes a great Nikita and is hot enough in all areas of her role.  I look forward to seeing where they go with this.  I just hope they know when to stop.oes not have what it takes. We do need to see less of him, and he should probably die.  Since this is in the future of the story, it would be okay to see him canceled.<br /><br />For television, Roy and Peta will be hard to beat in the back scratching sexual tension, but it still works here.  There is no sexual chemistry between Michael and Nikita, because that was in the past, and they are not together with this plot. But they have history that you watch as if you are in on the secret. So, we are relying on Alex to bring the attraction and the action, and Nikita will have her back.  There is still plenty of action, innuendo, rivalry, survival, and mind games in a well written series staying true to the feeling of our heroine being who we know, just a bit in her future.  Maggie Q makes a great Nikita and is hot enough in all areas of her role.  I look forward to seeing where they go with this.  I just hope they know when to stop.
B000B7BRMM|5.0|First of all, I am a huge Diana Krall fan so I was embarrassed that I did not already own this. I just searched \\"Diana Krall Christmas\\" and this came up. It's not even a \\"new\\" cd!  But it's SO good.  I purchased this for my car player but then added it to my mp3 collection and it mixes with all my favorite Christmas tunes.  You can not go wrong with this one!
B003UYUP58|5.0|I am one of the lucky ones who has not experienced cancer- either first hand or in my family. What is extraordinary about this book is how it reveals that scientific thought process. To me, the book is about discovery. It approaches cancer as a third person, keeping the patients almost at arms, length but rarely dispassionate.
B001AQO3QA|5.0|This review is going to be simple and too the point.  I own about 30-40 Blu-Ray's and have had a PS3 with HD capability on my 42 inch plasma for about 2 years.  Out of all the Blu-Rays I have rented and watched this remastered set is the sharpest and best sounding.  I can't begin to tell you how awesome they are to see fully restored.  I have seen all 4 of these movies several times and they never get old.  Even the 3rd and 4th movie was enjoyable since they sounded and looked so good.  The extras are a completist's dream.  There are so many extras that it will take you hours upon hours to watch them all.  Ridley Scott is making a prequel to the first movie that he made, Alien.  It is rumored that he is trying to get Leonardo DiCaprio to star in it with a cast of unknows by his side.  Whether this is true or not you, the reader, owe it to yourself to pick this up at $69.99 before it goes back to $99.99 or more.  It is very expensive but when you think that blu-rays are usually $20 each and you are getting 4 movies + 2 discs of extras then it is worth it.  I would recommend this pack all the way up to $89.99.  Above that and it is too expensive.  The only fault of this package is the blu-ray sleeves.  The packaging is gorgeous but it is difficult to get the discs out.  Thus, I recommend putting them into a separate case logic case for repeated viewing.  I immediately watched these on my main TV and then again on my PC which looked just as good.  I can't give this set the highest accolades.  Bottom line it is a must buy for the home theatre enthusiast as well as the casual viewer.
B000FC2L1Y|3.0|I just discovered Diana Gabaldon's \\"Outlander\\" series a couple of months ago and was eager to continue following Jamie and Claire Frasier as they create a new life for themselves in America. I do agree with other reviewers who say this is the weakest of the series so far and that a little more editing could have made for a shorter read without jeopardizing the story.<br /><br />One of the things I do enjoy about these books is how Gabaldon destroys relationships and invites us to witness how they are repaired. Terrible things happen to these people, and while you might begin to wonder how much pain they can endure, you can't help but admire their perseverance and devotion to one another in the end.<br /><br />My only gripe is that Gabaldon seems to have created an unbelievably small world for her characters in which they cross paths with their own ancestors or those of people they know. In this book it served to pose the question of whether one character's visit to the past helped facilitate his own birth in the future, and while I do enjoy these \\"Quantum Leap\\" hypotheses, the circumstances under which these chance meetings occur (and recur) become too coincidental to be thoroughly believable.<br /><br />I am still looking forward to following the Frasiers and MacKenzies through the rest of their lives together, but for now I'll be taking a much-needed break with some lighter fare.
0439023521|5.0|I have finally finished this whole series, and all I can say is wow! I am done and I am tempted to read it again, I can't believe it is over. I fell in love with this book after the first few pages, I found myself needing to know what happens next. There is so much going on there is hardly ever a moment to put this book down without interrupting something. I needed to know what happened next and what was going on, I got frustrated and mad about what was going on and what was happening, it is a book you become passionate about and it is hard to find a book that is so thought provoking and emotional as this series. I highly recommend reading this series, it is a great read and worth the time.
031606792X|2.0|Although I wouldn't consider myself a Twilight \\"fan\\" I did enjoy the majority of this series.  I knew this particular book was going to be a questionable read from the start due to the enormous amount of negative reviews here.  I didn't read them before I downloaded the book however; I wanted to make my journey through the book without prejudice or preconceived notions.<br /><br />The story moves along, keeping you captivated enough to read though it quickly, but there are so. many. problems with the story. I kept \\"glossing over\\" the things that bothered me, waiting for it to be addressed, wrapped up, tied in.  It never did.<br /><br />As many have already stated, the book feels rushed, the characters seem to just get odd and out of character.  I had a hard time stomaching that Bella \\"hated getting married\\". She loves him enough to die but will not marry him? That is hard to swallow.  She is terribly irritated by the whole proposal (if you can call it that). She could care less about her wedding, having wanted to get married in a Vegas drive-thru chapel in her sweats. Gag. Not in line with the character up to that point at all. Her wedding has nearly no description. I have no idea what she looked like. Very poor.<br /><br />Then the honeymoon. The scene from their first time is horrible. She walks into the water! Really!?  I am not into smut books or sex scenes but it should have been kissing, holding, surrender... SOMETHING!<br /><br />Then, SUDDENLY she is pregnant, super accelerated of course! The baby is some mutant child that is killing them both. Bella is at peace with the whole thing and has Rosalie as her personal guard. She is hell bent on having the child and is in love with the child that is breaking her bones and killing her. blech! Edward is miserable until he can hear the child, then suddenly is all on board. sigh.<br /><br />Mutant pregnancy, horrific bloody birth from hell, mutant child, horrible death scene that leads to her finally being transformed into a vampire. Then she goes through the fire and comes out. Initially she really wants to see the baby but is forced to hunt.  She comes back and though-out the rest of the book, she is little more than apathetic toward her care; often having Rosalie and Jacob tending to her except to put her to bed in their cottage.<br /><br />Oh and don't get me started on that name! Renesmee!? REALLY?!  I thought that was a JOKE! I was relieved then they gave her a nickname. Then she is violently defending that they use Renesmee. Seriously?!  LAME.<br /><br />Jacob's imprinting with the baby. Mmm, well, she did already set precedence of this happening with the other wolves. There is no pedophilia - he is her best friend until they grow old enough. May - December romance kind of thing.  I don't get it. I don't like it. But it could be worse.<br /><br />Then the battle. That huge, looming, horrible scene that took up the majority of the book. Building, building... exciting. Then boom. Dropped to nothing.  She even had to have Alice announce it really is over. HUH?!  WTH!  What a huge let down. All that hype, all that lead up, and they RUN AWAY?! yeah. okay. sure.<br /><br />The whole story line was just off. The characters off.  Edward ending up calling Jacob a son!? WHAT!?  They have had a tenuous relationship at best the entire time and then after the battle that never happens, suddenly he's like a son!?  OMG.<br /><br />She is stunning, she is happy, she is graceful, her mutant daughter with the horrible name will grow up with control, all is well. the end.  I wish she'd write another book, making this who book \\"just a dream\\" while she was under Vultauri control or something.  sigh.rough the fire and comes out. Initially she really wants to see the baby but is forced to hunt.  She comes back and though-out the rest of the book, she is little more than apathetic toward her care; often having Rosalie and Jacob tending to her except to put her to bed in their cottage.     Oh and don't get me started on that name! Renesmee!? REALLY?!  I thought that was a JOKE! I was relieved then they gave her a nickname. Then she is violently defending that they use Renesmee. Seriously?!   LAME.    Jacob's imprinting with the baby. Mmm, well, she did already set precedence of this happening with the other wolves. There is no pedophilia - he is her best friend until they grow old enough. May - December romance kind of thing.  I don't get it. I don't like it. But it could be worse.     Then the battle. That huge, looming, horrible scene that took up the majority of the book. Building, building... exciting. Then boom. Dropped to nothing.  She even had to have Alice announce it really is over. HUH?!  WTH!  What a huge let down. All that hype, all that lead up, and they RUN AWAY?! yeah. okay. sure.      The whole story line was just off. The characters off.  Edward ending up calling Jacob a son!? WHAT!?  They have had a tenuous relationship at best the entire time and then after the battle that never happens, suddenly he's like a son!?  OMG.      She is stunning, she is happy, she is graceful, her mutant daughter with the horrible name will grow up with control, all is well. the end.  I wish she'd write another book, making this who book \\"just a dream\\" while she was under Vultauri control or something.  sigh.
B00005JO9J|5.0|I have been addicted to this show for a year or two now, and was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO excited when I got this package in the mail. It got here 3 days sooner than anticipated, and arrived on my birthday. Couldn't have asked for anything better! Seller was great to work with, and definitely would work with them again!
0307272702|5.0|This book, while simpler than Good Calories, Bad Calories, is every bit as eye-opening, thought-provoking, mind-boggling as GCBC.  I bought it thinking that I needed a book to loan to skeptics and people unwilling to plow through the denser, longer GCBC, but I am loving the book for itself.  It has lots and lots of clear explanation; its is organized in a straightforward way.  Thank you, thank you Gary Taubes.
B003JTHXOK|5.0|i have always loved sparks' novels. i was a little weary when i purchased this on my kindle. but as i continued to read throughout the story i fell in love. this may be by far my favorite. it has all qualities of a great story. i couldnt put it down!!!
B003NFM3JU|5.0|We saw this movie when it was in the theatre, but enjoyed watching again in our Blu-Ray player. The graphics are awesome!!
B004132HZS|4.0|I was wary of a modern setting for the Holmes stories, but this series is very well done, with good acting and intriguing plot lines.
B0039208JE|5.0|The extra's on this Blu Ray are excellent. Tons of information and behind the scenes shots. It's really the only reason I bought this Blu Ray since I already owned it on regular DVD. It won't disappoint, and you can't beat the price for what you get.
B0041CGP02|4.0|This 2 cd set is a fantastic retrospective of Bon Jovi's entire career. It only gets 4 stars though because it has When We Were Beautiful instead of Superman Tonight. Had that song been included that would make this a 5 star release.
B0000AMRJC|5.0|SCARFACE REVIEW,<br /><br />THIS MOVIE IS PRETTY MUCH A PART OF HISTORY FOR THE PEOPLE OF CUBA, AND WHAT REALLY HAPPENS IN THE WORLD OF DRUGS. EXCELLENT MOVIE AND THE REALITY OF STORY LINE MAKES YOU THINK ABOUT POLITICS. I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE YOU HAVE A VERY EXCELLENT ACTOR AL P.<br /><br />THANK YOU,<br />DARREL ARCEO
B00005JKZV|5.0|I had to buy these movies to add to my library. They are wonderful shows that will keep  the whole family entertained.
B0042JTDXK|4.0|I was initially disappointed with this album but the more I played it, the more I liked it and now I like it very much. My favorite tracks are \\"Voce Existe Em Mim\\" and \\"Bells of New York\\" (perhaps destined to become a new holiday classic) -- my least favorite Galileo (a bit syrupy) and the french tune. This is not my favorite JG album but it is still an excellent one. Kudos to you Josh for delighting us once again!
B0040JHXTI|5.0|This is the greatest box set I have ever seen. The remastered Darkness blows away the original cd I have. This set deserves 5 stars alone for the song The Promise. You also get Bruce's versions of Fire and Because The Night. You also get a replica of the notebook seen in The Promise documentary. The dvd's included are the HBO documentary, a performanceof the album from last year at the Paramount, and a 78 concert from Houston. My favorite is the Paramount it was filmed without an audience and performed by the original band plus Charlie filling in for the late Danny Federicci.
B003X2O6KW|4.0|I enjoy listening to this album but some songs i didnt care for only like 2 songs overall good album
B00006FDCD|4.0|I bought It for my daughter for Christmas. She watched this movie as a kid and still has a fear of  clowns!! The movie is an awesome show if you like scary movies.
B003EYVXVY|5.0|I got the 3D version of Avatar with a Panasonic 3D starter kit.  When I first saw Avatar in 3D in the theater, I was totally in awe of the movie. I watched it in the theater a second time and still felt the same way.  Finally, it came to Blu-ray and I watched it at home on a 55\\" 1080p screen.  It was good but really lacking. I upgraded to a 3D home set up and got the 3D movie in the starter package.  I got things all set up and watched the movie at home in 3D.  At the end of the movie, I was again awe struck. The 3D movie experience, for me, was as powerful at home as in the theater.  So, in my opinion, it was well worth it. I definitely will watch this 3D version over and over as it leaves me as satisfied as if Ii saw it in the theater. If you have a 3D set up at home, I totally recommend this movie.
0316017922|4.0|This is a fascinating book about why some people succeed in a spectacular way while others who may be just as smart, just as hardworking, etc., do not.    Not surprisingly, hard work is an important part of success.  Gladwell estimates that 10,000 hours of work are required for outstanding achievement in any particular field.  However, that in itself is not enough.  Luck is at least equally important.  In hockey, it is being born in the right month.  With the Beatles, it was the random luck of meeting the right person who got them a job in Germany that afforded them many more hours of experience playing in front of an audience than an upstart band could normally get.  With a leading lawyer, it was being born in the right year.  No one will be surprised that often it is the luck of being born into a family that can provide a child with more opportunities, as was the case with Bill Gates (who also happened to be born in the right year.)    Sometimes, the factor that leads to success is surprising, such as being born in the right month to be an outstanding hockey player.  Another example is airline pilots:  why some crash planes and others heroically save lives by landing planes safely under adverse conditions.  In many cases, it turned out to be due to the pilots' culture and how they were conditioned to behave towards persons of greater power, authority, or social standing than themselves.    In a few cases, Gladwell also tells the story of certain people who had extreme gifts (such as IQ's of 200) who not only did not succeed spectacularly, but who are scraping just to get by.  He analyzes the factors that held them back when they seemed to have advantages that guaranteed them fame and fortune.    Some of the material is encouraging, such as the part about how much hard work helps; or that one need not be a genius to win the Nobel Prize, just \\"smart enough.\\"  It is especially encouraging if you happened to be born into a family in which books were plentiful around the house and at least one parent graduated from college.    At other times, the book can be discouraging when you realize how enormous a part random luck plays. Most of the factors discovered by the author are things that are not under our control.  It helps to remember that Gladwell is writing about only the spectacular successes:  people who become billionaires or win the Nobel Prize.  Although he doesn't emphasize the message, his findings also show that many of those who work hard and are \\"smart enough\\" or \\"talented enough\\" can make a perfectly decent living although they may not achieve extreme success.    In any case, this book is absolutely fascinating and a real eye-opener.    (309 pages)
B003ZUTVJS|5.0|I do not know why I waited so long to see this movie; maybe because I am a horror/action flick kind of guy who wants nothing to do with a G rated movie. This movie is awesome, the kind of movie that you would be dong yourself a great disservice by just renting it.     BUY IT PEOPLE! BUY IT!
078324228X|5.0|This is a must see movie, the story line & direction are perfect. Giving you a look at man's trials & tribulations. Denzel does a great a great acting job.
0545123283|4.0|Linger is the second in the wolves of Mercy Falls trilogy, soon to be followed by Forever.  I was captivated by the first installment, Shiver, by Stiefvater's take on the werewolf phenomenon.  Her wolves become wolves for the winter, human for the summer until they eventually stop shifting and remain wolves.  In Shiver, it appears that Grace & Sam have found a cure for Sam--to stop shifting and remain human.  Linger builds on that premise, focusing more on Sam's adjustment to having a future as a human & on his relationship with Grace.  However, Sam's cure may just be a stop-gap solution.  Wolves are dying and someone human may be dying as well.<br /><br />The focus on Sam's adjustment to being a human once more is very interesting.  He approaches with caution & often seems to forget that he won't be shifting anymore.  His relationship with Grace is tested by the sudden interest of her parents, who were all but absent in Shiver.  We are also introduced to Cole, one of the new wolves, who has his own dark past & is drawn to Isabel, who desperately wants what Grace & Sam have.  At this point, however, Cole is not the man to give it to her.  Cole's character is interesting--his life & background seem incongruous & somewhat convenient to the plot.  However, one could argue that Beck specifically chose him for his family history and, therefore, his placement in the pack is specific & intentional.<br /><br />Overall, I enjoyed Linger & look forward to reading Forever.  There were some places where the story was a bit slow & some of the teen angst was a little more than I would have liked.  But Stiefvater's story of Sam & Grace is so compelling that it's easy to overlook any minor faults.  I'm very interested to see how this all ends in Forever.
0307269981|4.0|I felt pretty much the same about this book as I did about The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, although there were some things I liked better about this one, and some things I liked less.<br /><br />Like The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, it is an usually intellectual book for the mystery genr&eacute;, and highly original.  There was less about complex business wheelings and dealings, which I liked.  Again, there was also some advanced computer technology, much of which went over my head.  But I'm not complaining, I like to be challenged by a book.<br /><br />As for what I liked less about this one: I missed the complex family relationships and interactions - with occasional moments of affection - that were so important to the central mystery in The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.  There is also much about family in The Girl Who Played With Fire, but in this case the family is so dysfunctional and estranged from one another that they are virtually strangers.  There is nothing complicated about their relationships, they just hate each other unequivocally.<br /><br />What I liked better was finding out so much about Lisbeth's backstory.  I was frustrated to know so little about her in The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, but here Lisbeth's background is the whole story, and it comprises the central mystery in the novel.  I really enjoyed finding out about the family Lisbeth came from and how she came to be declared mentally ill and incompetent to take care of herself even as an adult.<br /><br />There were a couple of things that frustrated me in The Girl Who Played With Fire, but I expect that they may be cleared up in the third book of the series.  One was that we learn nothing about Lisbeth's twin sister.  The other was that the opening scene - and even Lisbeth's presence in the Caribbean - appears to have nothing to do with the rest of the book.<br /><br />As in the previous novel, there is a great deal of violence.  Lisbeth suffers so much damage in this one that I wonder how she can continue for a third book.<br /><br />I'm looking forward to reading The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest.oking forward to reading The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest.
B002ZG99CC|1.0|Terrible. Jaden Smith can't act his way out of a paper bag, just like his old man, who is listed as \\"producer\\". Oh brother. Find the '80s original if you must, but leave this tepid remake in the dust.
0439023521|1.0|I was interested in reading this book after all the good reviews I had heard about it. While the book is written well and the author does a great job telling the story, I found the plot disturbing. It worries me that so many readers have loved this book. It leaves me with a dark, creepy, yucky feeling. Children fighting to the death is sick.    The book started out interesting and I couldn't put it down until about the middle. It seemed to go downhill from there. I was expecting something better from Scholastic and would not recommend this book to well anyone. I am shocked that it is a young adult book.
B003ZJ0ZX0|4.0|Bruno Mars simply puts me there. I could listen to the whole album without skipping. The bells and his vocals are an extra plus. If you are a fan of good semi-clean music that makes you bop your head and smile definitely check this out. Excited to see where he goes after this.
B004EKCNMA|1.0|There's no way I would let children watch this horrible version.  It ranges from just creepy scary to stupid humor.
B004CEUEWE|4.0|This film is awesome. The Town is a must see action packed film.    My Review: 8.5/10    PROS:  -Great Story  -Great Acting    CONS:  -You can kind of predict the ending.
0316098337|5.0|Five year old Jack knows only one world and it is Room.  He was born there, has played and learned and loved his mother there.  He has never been and doesn't understand the concept of \\"outside,\\" and he's never known another human being, but for Ma and the shadowy, frightful Old Nick, who visits her in the night.  But Jack's world is his mother's prison and she knows they must escape for Jack's sake as well as her own, because Jack's burgeoning mind cannot properly grow in this tiny world, the lies Ma has told to make it a beautiful one for him no longer satisfy, and Room is not just killing Ma's spirit, but putting Jack's life at risk.<br /><br />Narrated by the sweet and insightful Jack, Room is an amazing novel which draws the reader into a real-world horror story, where the fight against an unthinkable evil is undertaken with only the weapon of a mother's love.  At the same time touching, funny and heartbreaking, it is the story of a young woman whose incredible strength in the face of unimaginable circumstances shows that love truly can be a light that defeats any darkness and of her remarkable little boy, the one spark keeping her flickering flame of hope alive.<br /><br />Although this novel has hundreds of wonderful reviews already, I had to add my own recommendation for one of the most thought-provoking and beautiful stories I've read in years.
B001AQTWF2|4.0|Love the CD but the case was damaged not so bad that I would send it back but still cracked.  Would still order from you again Thank You.
B001AVCFK6|5.0|I grew up watching the original Star Trek and as a pre-teen I loved Star Trek the Next Gen.<br />But This was by far My Favorite!
B000W7JWUA|5.0|we had this game as a gift for visitors over the holidays and we played it every night, all the company we had loved it and i will be ordering one to keep.
B000HEVZ8K|5.0|I see this as America's Bicycle Thief. To me, these two movies have similar tones and themes. I can't really say much about the Searchers that you can't read in the comments surrounding mine, except that it is an amazing movie. People who dislike this movie (for whatever reason) tend to think that we Ford fans only say we like it because we have to, because everybody else says it's so great. They're wrong. I heard one positive comment about this movie, before I knew anything about it, so I rented it (now I own the DVD). I remember after the final shot, I stared at the tv for a few seconds, then walked upstairs to my room, silently. I couldn't think what to say, except \\"that was a great movie!\\" I was almost overwhelmed by Ford's complexity and simplicity, his plainness and his beauty, and of course the performances. I couldn't sleep that night, all I could think of was the movie. I hummed that song from the opening titles for weeks. After seeing it I knew I had been privileged to witness one of America's great works of art. And to those who didn't like the film, try giving it a second viewing, and a third, and a fourth, and a fifth...
B002ZG976U|5.0|This is one hot, entertaining musical in a sea of dramas this year. See it for the performances by Cher, Stanley Tucci, and Christina in her debut. See it (and buy the soundtrack) for the awesome music such as, \\"Bound to You\\" by Christina and \\"You Haven't Seen The Last of Me\\" by Cher, both nominated for Best Original Song Golden Globe Awards. Go to be entertained and enjoy it with your popcorn!
B001N1DPDE|5.0|I love this knife.  It is thick and sturdy.  I have no worries about this knife performing when I am out in the woods.  It will even chop up small pieces of wood.  A great thick blade and the handle can be used to store waterproof matches.
B00006DEF9|1.0|Don't bother to try to change my opinion, I just don't like this movie. I didn't think it was funny, or entertaining, or anywhere near being worthy of all the accolades. Why do people mention this movie in the same breath as Hidden Fortress or City Lights? It's obscene and insulting. This is no classic movie. This is just a stage musical in front of a camera. And why is that one dance number near the end so interminably long?    Musicals and non-musicals should be kept separate from each other, as documentaries are not put in the same category with fictional or \\"depicted non-fiction\\" movies. If you want to like musicals, fine, but don't insist that *I* have to like them in order to \\"appreciate film.\\"
B000B7BRMM|3.0|I can understand how Krall is regarded as the #1 Jazz Pianist of the last 15 years (next to Shirley Horn, although Horn was 25x better in my opinion), but I don't find her terribly talented as a vocalist.  She lacks any breath control and/or vibratto and I find her voice to be extrememly weak, bland and emotionless.  I've tried time and time again to listen to her albums and hopefully pull something likeable out of her vocals but it's always the same.  She's completely unaffecting and fails to register (with MY ears, anyway) in a way that says she's connected to the \\"feeling\\" of the lyric/lyrics which she sings.  Rather, she comes off sounding detached and insincere; sedated even.<br /><br />With a Christmas CD, I expected something more joyous, afterall, is Christmastime not the \\"season to be jolly?\\"  Such was/is not the case.  She sounds comatosed.  Bored even.  And what's with the front cover photo?  Are we performing Christmas music or posing for Playboy?  She IS very pretty, but the sexiness here borders on being tasteless and risque, drunk even, appearing as if she collapsed into that chair out of stupor.<br /><br />Musically, I would suggest either Nancy Wilson's \\"A Nancy Wilson Christmas\\" or Jaimee Paul's \\"Christmas Time Is Here\\" if you want a more spirited and connected, melodious Yuletide vocal experience.  This is nothing against Krall's talent or body of work, mind you.  It's just that when one undertakes a project involving Holiday music, one would expect a happier, more bubbly execution which is devoid here and it comes through loud and clear.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|I read this book in one day I was so into it. I personally liked how Rick used the first person writting like he did in his book The Red Pyramid (which any respectable Rick Riordran fan would have read). Also this book has merged in the Roman mythology factor quite well even though I still say the Romans stole it from the Greeks. So overall anyone who has read the Percy Jackson and the Olympians books will absolutely love this book. Can't wait till the next one comes out.
B001NFNFF8|5.0|I enjoyed the movie and the shipper got it in record time. I would definitely buy from this person/shipper again.
B0032FPVKE|2.0|I got this for a good deal, but don't think I'll be using it for my small camcorder.  Although it fits, I'm annoyed by the way the thing is laid out.  In the photo you'll notice a large padded flap.  It just covers up the largest of three external zippered pouches and has no purpose, but adds significant bulk, obstacle, and unnecessary velcro-ripping noise.  The flap doesn't function as an alternative to using the outside-pocket zipper because of the size and orientation of the zipper.  The main compartment is accessed through a double zipper behind the flap (to the back of of the photo).  The main compartment is fine.  The external pockets are only large enough to carefully place single cables in.  It looks good in the picture and real life, until you start to use it.  The construction seems good for the money, if they just had a competent layout...
B0006AAS5G|5.0|Beautiful! Just received it today and it looks way better than the photograph. I don't know about all of it's technical appointments that some reviewers have commented on since I bought it just for the looks but it works, looks awesome and didn't cost a fortune so that's good enough for me.
0810997827|1.0|I am terribly upset with my purchase.  I ordered 4 hardback books for my grandson and when I finally got my order in I received 1 hardback book and the other 3 books were paperbacks.  It took about 28 days to get my order.  If they had sent me someway to send them back, I most certainly would have.  But they didn't send anything for me to send them back.  I could have ordered the same books from Walmart.com and got them in within a week.  I will never order from them ever again!!!!!
B002N8A14M|5.0|As neat as Apple products are, Jobs seems to miss the fact that people need CLIPS for their mp3 players, especially small, slick ones that are easy to drop. I got this and I LOVE it. I haven't even used the armband, but I put the case w/clip on my iPod and I carry it everywhere. No problem fitting both headphones AND charger connector on the iPod with the case on. It does make sliding the \\"lock\\" button tougher, but it's doable with nails or you could use a small tool. I've dropped this thing several times, and it's only scratched a little. The clip pops up and you might think it's broken, but pop it back down and it's fine.     The case fits perfectly, snaps shut, leaves plenty of room for the mic and video lens, and I love that it's clear because I love the color of my iPod. I just can't believe nobody else makes anything like this. Don't discontinue this product, Griffin!!
B002OSY2T6|2.0|Someone gave this to us as a gift when my daughter was born.  My little one likes the light-up face, but that's about it.  She loses interest pretty quickly.  I thought that it would roll on its own, but it requires a push...and an awful lot of pushing on our carpet.  I guess our carpet is too long for it to work. It will roll easily on tile, but my daughter doesn't like playing on the tile floor.  I've tried to get my daughter interested in the mirror part during tummy time, but whether it's on its side or standing up, the mirror is not at the right angle for her to see herself.
B002DOSBMK|5.0|This is one of my favorite series ever! &#34;Homeland&#34; was an excelent begining to an amazing series! Exciting, and fastastically fun at every event, every page was its own adventure! Salvatore does not disapoint! :D
B003IWZ1D8|5.0|I ordered this movie for my 25 year old son who is a movieholic.  We watched it together and had a great time.  He said it was definitely creepy.  What else did he expect from Alfred Hitchcock?
B003YUC2FE|5.0|Fast shipping. Perfect condition. Purchased as replacements for scratched dvds plus toy story 3. Won't use the blurays or digital copies but I couldn't be more satisfied with the set.
B004498KPU|3.0|i am one of the many, many mj fans. after he died and the estate signed that deal with Sony, i was all ready to purchase anything that came out. so far i was doing good, buying the mj opus, mj's moonwalk autobiography, (still debating the 'Michael' cd)), and this vision box set. i have both \\"HIStory\\" dvds, the \\"dangerous short films\\", and the \\"number ones\\" dvd. to be honest, i really didn't have to get this set, but obviously i ended up changing my mind. so as far as my actual review for this set: it's bittersweet. on one hand, i'm glad i have it, but on the other hand, i wish i hadn't gotten it. overall, the collection as a whole, is great. it is something very satisfying to see all of mj's videos in a set. although i think some of the videos that are on this set shouldn't've been on here.     like take \\"speed demon\\" and \\"come together\\" for example. these two should not have been on here. those two films are from \\"moonwalker\\" so that's where they should stay. it was a waste of 15 min of space, space that could've been used for \\"captain eo\\" or something. also, i think the \\"smooth criminal\\" video should've been the \\"album version\\" which was the blurred, sped-up video, and leave the long version of \\"smooth criminal\\" on \\"moonwalker\\". \\"will u be there\\" should've been the \\"free willy\\" footage version instead of the \\"dangerous short films\\" version. \\"blood on the dance floor\\" should've been the original and not the remix. the remix is on \\"HIStory vol. 2 dvd\\", so why put it on here? now a lot of people had a problem with \\"ghosts\\" in it being not the full-length version. me personally, if the estate/sony plan on releasing it on its own dvd, then the short version on this set is cool. and of course, as other people have mentioned, other videos could've been present like \\"torture\\" (mike wasn't in the video, but still...) \\"2300 jackson st\\", \\"we are the world\\", \\"what more can i give\\", the video with eddie murphy (can't remember the title), and the one video that would've closedout this entire box set perfectly; the \\"this is it\\" video.     now the quality could've been a better too. some of the vids look good while some look grainy and zoomed in too much (ex: \\"remember the time\\"). there's also people talking about the whole woulda/coulda/shoulda been in 16:9 widescreen format. people say it can't be in widescreen because of this and that, it wasn't shot with widescreen cameras or some mess, which i find odd because there have been movies that were made in the 40s, 50s, etc. that have been restored and remastered on dvd and are in widescreen format, whereas jackson's videos were made in the late 70s, 80s, 90s, 00's, so if there was a way to widescreen them, then yeah, it should've been, but i don't know. i'm not bothered by the black bars on the sides of the screen. would've been cool though in widescreen. well, all i know is if i was in charge of this \\"vision\\", i would've did his videos justice and made the fans proud. put me in a technical room or however the hell they do it and leave me the hell alone. i would've done it to perfection. so... all in all, this is a good collection, but could've been better with a few minor changes of taken out some videos, putting in some videos and a little bit of better quality.     p.s. i forgot about the intros to each video. i like. :)
B000GH2YPG|4.0|My original review on my account at [...]<br /><br />This was a book club book, and definitely not one that I would have picked up on my own.<br /><br />After reading the first two chapters, I thought for sure I was going to be bored out of my mind. They are overly descriptive, but without giving any information about the characters themselves. And it was driving me crazy that the main character didn't have a name yet - although by the end of the book I'd forgotten about that particular annoyance until I read the note by the author explaining that she never did think of a good name for her.<br /><br />The book ended up being a lot better than expected. The author had me convinced that things would work out a certain way, but the character who I thought would be \\"to blame\\" turned out to be completely innocent. And I actually think I prefer the author's version! It was very well done, everything fit together so nicely. And I especially loved how Ben being told he would be put in an asylum if he ever said anything ended up blowing up in the face of Mr. Favell. I love it when books do that and totally throw me for a loop.<br /><br />The writing is still a bit flowery for me to be entirely happy with the book - I think it could have been written in about half the number of pages. And all the parts about her life at Manderley seemed pretty unnecessary, but I guess it was just to give the reader a long time to make up what we believe the relationship between Max and Rebecca to have been. I hope to read this again someday, knowing what I know about the ending, to see if there are any events that I interpret differently.
B0040YFR1Y|1.0|Just received my first Blu-ray disk \\"Predators 2010\\". It's really a great experience watching the show ... It's so sharp & clear.
B000QCS8TW|5.0|The cast of characters is intriguing and the various plots and situations are engaging.  This is definitely a must own book.
B004AQR29C|1.0|If you should actually watch this turkey, make sure you first \\"park your brain at the door\\". During the course of this movie I kept saying to myself: \\"I can't believe I'm still watching this cr*p.\\" What a turkey!
B003G4W49C|5.0|This is easily one of the best sci fi novels I have ever read. The story is so well done and accessible that I believe it has a lot of crossover appeal.
0634022296|4.0|I actually purchased this in the kindle format as a kind of quick reference. It does not include the full tablature or musical notation. It does however have the chords printed along with the lyrics making it an excellent resource for figuring out the basics. If you are looking to play Beatles songs note for note, this is not the book you want. If you just want to get the chords down and play the songs in a looser manner, this is perfect.
B001FB4W16|5.0|Let me just keep this short and simple. I love this show! I think it's beyond amazing!! If you like Supernatural shows and 3 hot guys and some pretty girls too, this is the show for you. Oh and of course you have to like vampires. ;) If you like any of the things I listed, this is the show for you!
B002ZG977Y|5.0|I don't care what movie critics like or dislike so i see what movie i like to see. I ordered and watched the new remake of \\"Clash of Titans\\" 2 times and will watch it again.I gave 5 stars for Special Effects and 4 stars for the story.Overall i like the new remake much better than the original movie in Special Effects.Better than lots of  movies out there in past and present.  I wish that director Louis Leterries will do a new remake of \\"Jason and the Argonauts\\"   Waiting for Clash of  Titians 2 everyday   And I have watched  Clash of Titians 2010 about 10 times and still love to see it again.This movie will become Classic Action &Adventure , Fantasy movies and one of the best action movie of all times .   Thanks  to director L. Leterries for making , directed this awesome action movie .
030745455X|5.0|Author builds with in depth background info on all characters & then hits with the main plot/storyline & you won't be able to put it down til the finish.
0307739961|4.0|The book is AMAZING! Not in the way a popular story is loved by every person who reads it just because it's popular.  It's amazing in that I want to read more books featuring these characters and it's a shame that will never happen. Politically and historically engaging as well as exciting crime fiction. A true classic across story genres.<br />This review would be 5 stars except that the font in this copy is extremely small and may be tough to read for some on public transportation.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|When my wife first tried to get me to watch this show I put it off as long as I could thinking it was another flop. After the 3rd episode aired I had nothing else to do so I sat down and watched it with my wife and brother. I WAS IN TEARS! I laughed so hard, and the best part is it is a very clean show that I can watch in front of my kids. When the season came out on DVD we bought it without hesitation.
0374158460|5.0|God, I loved this book. Read it in one big gulp (actually, listened to it in one big gulp--excellent actor Ledoux). Someone has already said it's not so much like reading a book as being inside the heads and within spitting distance of this family: a very contemporary progressive upper-middle class family, with today's concerns and self-consciousnesses. They are, as people are, neither likable or dislikable entirely, just  complicated, self-canceling, etc. I didn't feel that way about the Corrections clan--felt Franzen was gloating over his capacity to catch them at their game. This book has characters whose flaw is a kind of insistent desire to be good without them even being sanctimonious, but it still leads to trouble for them. How empathizable!    I thought the ending was a bit weak--maybe the last 100 pages. But it hardly mattered at that point, because whatever these people did or didn't do, I wanted to know.     People have compared Franzen to Tolstoy, and I do think he achieves Tolstoy's capacity to understand people and to embed the story in the world.
B003R0MEZE|5.0|CRIMINAL MINDS grows and grows and this season is an exceptional one. While if continues to bring us smart television, the secondary subplots that continue through this season, plot that focus on the lead actors  and their private lives or personal involvement with some of the created characters takes a major role in this season.  While some may find this a bit disconcerting - as though emphasis on the diagnosis and capture of the criminal minds disconnects the viewer form the point of direction of the story. But at least for this viewer these subplots make us identify more with the agony of coping with the types of criminals these people must deal with every day. The dialogue may at some points seem like a roundtable dissertation on aspects of abnormal psychology, passing from one character actor in the investigative team to the next, but the information they disclose in these sessions is fascinating and makes sense to the viewer. Each segment begins with a significant quote and each ends with one and this seemingly small technique shows respect for the viewer. The cases more often than not are those of serial killers, showing us how these criminal minds are created by their background, what constitutes their behavior, and how examining that studied behavior as each new case develops leads to their capture.<br /><br />The cast still includes the magnetic Shemar Moore, Paget Brewster, the intense Thomas Gibson, A.J. Cook, Matthew Gray Gubler as the would be nerd but brilliant thinker, Joe Mantegna and Kirsten Vangsnes (often the brains behind the breaks!). What a team - with enough chemistry to keep us all involved over the weeks of each season. And then there are often surprise guest stars as the Unsub (Unknown Subject of an Investigation) to keep us entertained. This is a thinking person's show and a well produced one at that.  Grady Harp, January 11
1441737499|5.0|When my family and I travel, we listen to books on CD.  I have waited years for this to come out on CD.  Now I can share this wonderful story with my sons as we go on vacation this summer.
B002WY65UQ|2.0|ST. TRINIAN'S seems like an awful bust, unless the extremes of slapstick and borderline taste are your bailiwick. It is a film that comes across as a cartoon that never can get out off the page - what one would expect when the 'writer' is a committee (Piers Ashworth, Jamie Minoprio, Nick Moorcroft, Ronald Searle (!), and Jonathan M. Stern) and the direction is shared (Oliver Parker and Barnaby Thompson).<br /><br />St Trinian's is 'school' for dysfunctional girls (nerd to goth) run by a wild headmistress Camilla Fritton (Rupert Everett in bucktoothed drag plus fuddy English gent's clothes as Carnaby Fritton).  The school is a major disaster zone and one Geoffrey Thwaites (Colin Firth) is sent to correct the issues.  The threat of bankruptcy spins its own dire consequences and the 'inmates' of the school find a way to correct that.<br /><br />The major surprise is not in the plot but instead in the fact that some of Britain's finest actors agreed to participate in this mess: Rupert Everett, Colin Firth, Lena Headey, Toby Jones, Anna Chancellor, Celia Imre, etc etc could have their choice of about any film casting and win Oscars and kudos instead of boodos.  It gives pause...Grady Harp, January 11
0316066524|5.0|981 pages. Nearly another 100 pages of footnotes. A plot that is all but impossible to describe, if indeed there even is a plot to this book. There's not a way I can describe Infinite Jest that doesn't make it sound intimidating, difficult, and challenging, and there's no denying that, in some ways, those adjectives fit...a little. But what a description doesn't reveal is just how much fun this book is, and just how enjoyable of a read it really is. I mean, this is a book that contains deadly wheelchair-bound assassins, an organization of hideous people who veil themselves to protect others, Canadian separatist revolutionaries, prep school kids playing nuclear war games, art house cinema involving cameras pointed back at the audience, bored ghosts who stick beds on ceilings, and so much more. How all of this comes together is somewhat difficult to explain; what plot there is here revolves around a video so entertaining that people will literally never quit watching it until they die, the pursuit of that video by various government organizations, and a college prep school that revolves around tennis. But all of this misses the point of the book. This is a funny book, often on laugh-out-loud levels, and one beautifully written and crafted. In the introduction, Dave Eggers comments that in the entire book, \\"there is not one lazy sentence,\\" and that's putting it mildly; his sentences are magnificently crafted, with stunning imagery and often brutal feeling between them. And as funny as the book is, that doesn't even touch on how frequently moving it is, as well; the sections about addiction and AA are incredibly powerful, and done with remarkable emotional complexity. Look: is Infinite Jest a little difficult? Yes. Is it a little unfocused, to put it mildly? Without a doubt, sometimes to the point of frustration. But is it also funny, moving, exquisitely written, compellingly told, remarkably imagined, and thought-provoking in the extreme? Yes, yes, yes. I can't say this is a book for a casual reader, but it's nowhere near as tough as you might think, either; it's surprisingly accessible, and ultimately a joy to read. Look: go and read Dave Eggers's great introductory essay to the book (it's easily findable on LAWeekly.com - just search \\"Eggers Infinite Jest\\"). And if my review piques your interest, or if the essay sounds intriguing, go for it. It may be challenging, but the rewards are massive.s is a book for a casual reader, but it's nowhere near as tough as you might think, either; it's surprisingly accessible, and ultimately a joy to read. Look: go and read Dave Eggers's great introductory essay to the book (it's easily findable on LAWeekly.com - just search \\"Eggers Infinite Jest\\"). And if my review piques your interest, or if the essay sounds intriguing, go for it. It may be challenging, but the rewards are massive.
B001OQCV6A|2.0|It's too bad the Sherlock Holmes film starring Robert Downey Jr. was a failure, at times embarrassing, because Downey, who plays an obsessive, crazed version of Holmes, does a great job: The film's best parts are watching Downey absorb his environment so that by identifying the color of red dirt on your trousers he knows which part of town you've been traipsing in. Jude Law does a strong job as Holmes' sidekick, Watson.<br /><br />But the film is an egregious failure for three reasons. One, it's too long and should have been edited down by at least twenty minutes. Two, there is a conflict of tone: Gothic vs. cartoonish. The film's darkness is contradicted by Downey evading his adversaries like Bugs Bunny or Roadrunner. Had the film gone for pure darkness, it probably would have been more effective.<br /><br />Another colossal failure in the film was its main villain, the satanic Lord Blackwood played adequately by Mark Strong. The Blackwood role is neither developed or scary. Without a compelling evil force and without a consistent gothic tone, the film feels at times ridiculous and ultimately the viewer becomes, in spite of Downey's immense talents, disengaged, bored, and disappointed that such a great talent as director Guy Ritchie's has been squandered.
B0029QRA1U|4.0|The unit at around $80 is a good value.  I used my Christmas gift card to buy 2 extra stylus because I have close to 400 old vinyl LPs to convert to my iTunes Library.  The sound reproduction is very good, but that is about as far as it goes.  I called the ION help desk to work me through the problems I had went I set it up.  Total wait time (after Christmas gift period) was close to 40 minutes.  Once connected, I got my help.  The software disc that comes with the packing is out of date and does not work.  Reason is that these were made a long time ago and have been on a warehouse shelf.  The disc does not reflect the latest version changes in iTunes (which this ION uses to pass its data stream to your MAC).  So you need to go to the ION website and download the latest and greatest software version (free).   The accompanying \\"Audacity\\" software is not supported by ION, and is really not needed, so I do not use it.   The other issue is in the transfer of data from the turntable to the MAC after your recording is completed.  The last steps in the software recording is that you can enter the title, and track names for each song on a cover list that is supposed to go along with the recorded LP.  Well, it does not happen that way (for me at least).   What you get is a mixed bag when you open up your iTunes library and you see something like EZACtempfile.1, and maybe...maybe the artist name of the album name, or maybe just EZACtempfile.  What you need to do is then manually edit each file entry, and using the iTunes text edtiting to put in the information that is missing.  You do get the time length in minutes and seconds for each entry, but the rest is manually entered for each separate transfer.  So, the way I got around it is to just record side one and two of each recording, transfer the recording from the turntable, and then go to my iTunes Library on my MAC and enter the missing or correct the garbled notations, before I record another LP.  All transfer files are 'EZACtempfile\\" so do yourself a favor and do it one by one and not get confused with many transfer tracks with the same name.  With close to 400 LPs to record, I just satisfy my iTunes Library with the name of the Album, the artist, and the album name, and genre, and each side 1 and side 2, and then go process the next LP.  However the audio output from iTunes is as good as any CD download, and at $80, it is a good value to save my old LP collection.
B000V1Y43W|5.0|Bought this movie for my 3 year old grandson. He loved it and I watched it (and loved it) 3 times. Subsequently he's gotten Cars clothing and Cars cars.  Definitely a 2 thumbs up movie....
B000FBJAOG|5.0|I believe the book is the best book I have ever read. She tells you exactly what to do if we ever had a zombie siege. She perfectly tells you fact from fiction about zombies. She also tells you were and were not to hide during a zombie siege. She also tells you what you need if you are going to face a lot of zombies for a very long time. If zombies do ever attack this is the perfect book of survival.
B00479SVBU|4.0|I receive this item & request to return it the same day. It is just TOO MUCH static. I would not recommend it.    Update as of 01-05-2011, after contacting the company for a refund, it has promptly responded & offered with technical support. I have finally fixed the static problem & now I'm enjoying my MP3. I change to 5 stars.
B0039UTDA6|5.0|I rate 'Life' video as the best video ever known for me in quality.The shortcoming I found as a life science teacher is its lack of specific topics based on a biome or an ecosystem,It is very good for a science enthusiast.
0375507256|5.0|One of my favorite books ever, partly because of its unusual structure. Cloud Atlas isn't really a novel in a traditional sense, but six stories nested inside each other. Mitchell writes each vignette in a wildly different setting and style, and offers only the slightest of devices linking each one to the next. There's a 19th century seafaring tale, a sardonic coming-of-age story set in the 1930s, a piece after a 1970s suspense paperback, and... well, I won't give away the others. Each story is interrupted at the halfway point by the next story, in a way that leaves the reader wondering which storyteller to trust.    This choice of structure is an artistically risky one, and it takes a talented writer to keep it from turning into an exercise in self-indulgence. Luckily, Mitchell has the virtuosity to make his design work. Each narrative or character voice, though very different from the one that preceded it, feels just as alive. The writing is fanciful and humorous, but each vignette explores some dark undercurrents of human nature. The reader soon discovers that, while the \\"plot\\" that connects the stories isn't too substantial, there is an overarching meta-story that comes across in Mitchell's choices of imagery, theme, mood, and tone. Though some of his concerns are a bit obvious (e.g human exploitation of other humans), the cyclical structure of the book and its recurring patterns reminded me of Buddhist ideas. I found the sense of struggle and incompleteness that each chapter evokes in its turn to be beautiful and affecting, even in the way one world gives way to the next without warning.    Without a doubt, Cloud Atlas is one of those books that pushes towards an elusive meaning greater than the sum of its parts. A wonderful work of imagination.
B002ZG99QS|5.0|This movie is by no means a perfect 5 star movie. It is one worth seeing though. I'm just giving it a 5 because I want to boost the rating, not because I want to write a helpful review. I want people to go see this movie so that Disney can learn from what they did right, and make more movies like this one.
0321687299|5.0|\\"Introducing HTML5\\" is an enjoyable foray into the world of this much heralded nascent technology. The authors, Bruce Lawson and Remy Sharp, are well respected as both jobbing developers and advocates, so expectations were high and they certainly delivered. The book achieves the right balance between theory, rationale and practical real world examples.    As the subject matter is technical and the book is appropriately targeted at an intermediate to advanced readership, it could have easily been a laborious  read, but it is the polar opposite. The book is well structured and written in an engaging, witty and lighthearted tone that makes it easy to digest without compromising or undermining the breadth, depth and complexity of the content.     Each chapter covers a specific topic, which in turn correlates to particular tasks, such as creating Forms or developing Audio Visual Content, so it is easy to dip in and out of the book once you start developing.     The book is incredibly informative: It serves as a concise and consolidated resource that designers and developers can return to time and again as they begin to use HTML5, as well as giving a good basis for integrating APIs and understanding the role that JavaScript will play in HTML5's success.    What is evident throughout the book is how passionate and knowledgeable the book's authors are, which brings the book to life in a way that makes you excited about what the future holds and how pivotal HTML5 is going to be in achieving things that current specifications either can't do or can only be done by making compromises.     The authors reference external resources that provide additional examples of certain elements and features in situ. Although these are great for giving further substance and context, they are an added bonus, as the book remains a standalone resource without them.     The content is structured and written in a way that is accessible and easy to understand by anyone who has a good grounding inHTML and semantic mark up. It provides more than enough for competent designers and developers to get started and use HTML5 with confidence, in the knowledge that the right tools are to hand.     The code examples featured throughout are well written and very easy to follow. The flow between theory and actual code is natural and does not require further exploration or cross referencing in order to comprehend, as is the case with other books of this nature. What makes this book such a compelling read is the way the authors explain \\"Why\\", as well as \\"What\\" and \\"How To\\". The book has humility. It never condescends. It treats readers with respect and never employs the \\"Because I Said So\\" technique.    In essence, \\"Introducing HTML5\\" is a solid \\"Go To\\" resource for designers and developers who are keen to explore and experiment with HTML5, JavaScript and associated API's.
1934030198|5.0|bought this for my wife as a present and she loved it. She has not done many Tri's before and wanted to step it up and really start training and someday do a Ironman. She is an experienced runner, so the level of this book was perfect! If you have never exercised in your life, this might be a bit much. Most people thinking about doing a Tri has some exercise background and this book is perfect for that!
0061777250|5.0|Excellent book for those interested in life after death. Very balanced review of the scientific aspect of dying. Would recommend to anyone in the health care community who has to deal with dying patients or those who have suffered a cardiac arrest or sudden cardiac death.
0312600844|1.0|I've now been reading for 54 years but it's been a *long* time since I've so disliked a book.  Why this work has received such positive press, much less been selected as an Oprah's Book Club choice (first and last time I'll read one of its picks), completely eludes me.  It's absolutely terrible.    Though I had several issues with \\"Freedom\\", my chief complaint was how the characters are written.  To save my soul, I could not care about a single one of them.  As the members of my book club had chosen this book as our November read, I slogged through about three-quarters of it, constantly hoping the major characters would evolve to the point where this book wasn't constantly putting me to sleep (literally).  However, this never happened and finally I decided to give it up on that basis alone.  It was boring me to death.  I might also mention that without exception, all nine members of my book club, who range from a physician to an alumni magazine editor, hated \\"Freedom\\".      I'm 60 years old now and have got too few years left on this earth to waste my time on such a pointless, colorless, poorly written book.
B003HARV3Y|1.0|Okay,I actually expected this movie to be good and was more than dissapointed. Okay,first of all, the age differences. The movie views Percy, Annabeth, and Grover as around 15-17 yers old...totally wrong. They're around 11-12 years old. Second of all, Annabeth's hair is blonde,not dark brown or black. Also, it mentions nothing of the Great Prophecy, or Thalia's tree, or,anything actually important from the actual book. To add to this bull****, they make Grover black ...nice, make the satyr the black one.Also,their so-called \\"quest\\" had nothing to do with what happend in the book, really, trying to find the three pearls which Percy got from a river spirit in the book...nonsense. And also, when they leavethe Underworld, they take Percy's mom and leave Grover to do God kmows what with Persephone after throwing Hades in some fire in the fireplace...???, that never happend in the book. And also, the ending wasn't remotely similar to what happend in the book.Now,I realize a movie is never gonna be the same as the book,but they took it to far with this one. If I was Rick Riordan, I'd have a heart attack after viewing this movie. i think giving this movie one star is more than generous.                                                                                P.S.                                                                                The acting sucked.
1400052173|5.0|A true story that boggles the mind and touches the heart. As a member of family that has experienced cancer I found this book an amazing read.
B002I9Z8I0|4.0|This set of Star Trek movies have sharp and clear movie picture quality most of the time, but I have noticed that occassionally there are some group of pixels that sort of flash (come and go) on the screen as if the picture didn't have solid color depth in the affected areas.  I have never viewed a DVD movie that did that before, but overall the movies are very good.  I considered buying the Blu Ray version, but didn't because nowhere in the Blu Ray version description does it say that the movies are 1080P quality.  And I don't believe the Blu Ray version of this Star Trek set of movies are in 1080P.
B0041KKYDI|4.0|I think there is inherent in mountain climbers and outdoor thrill seekers a certain degree of arrogance. To subject yourself to extreme environmental conditions and believe that you're capable of taking them on requires a great deal of confidence, if not something of a superiority complex. I say this as someone who has never scaled a mountain and has absolutely no intention of ever doing so; perhaps it's coming from a place of jealousy, since being unwilling to take a risk has not allowed me to live life to the fullest. But then again, I can't help it if I find the indoors far more comfortable and a whole lot safer. And I'm certainly not the kind of person that wants to risk life and limb simply for the sake of challenging myself and/or feeling an adrenaline rush.    On the basis of his life, there can be no doubt that Aron Ralston is such a person. In 2002, he quit his mechanical engineering position at Intel to fully devote himself to a project that began in 1998: Scaling solo all fifty-three of Colorado's 14,000-foot peaks. He became the first person to achieve this goal in 2005. In 2008, he climbed Argentina's Ojos de Salado and Monte Pissis. That same year, he climbed Alaska's Mount McKinley and actually skied down from its summit, which is more than 20,000 feet high. In 2009, he climbed Mount Kilimanjaro. Given this track record, it should come as no surprise that he someday plans to scale Mount Everest.    His most publicized expedition was in April of 2003. While hiking Blue John Canyon in Moab, Utah, he slipped and fell into a crevice, causing a dislodged boulder to pin his right arm against the canyon wall; five days later, facing dehydration and delirium, he was forced to sever his arm below the elbow with a dull pocket knife. He would later write about this experience in his autobiography \\"Between a Rock and a Hard Place,\\" which would soon become a \\"New York Times\\" bestseller. This means, of course, that every one of Ralston's post-2003 expeditions wereliterally done single handedly. I have to admit, I truly don't understand this mindset. After such a traumatic experience, how on earth would anyone be able to even look at a rock formation, let alone scale it?    Ralston's 2003 accident has found its way into the hands of director Danny Boyle and been turned into the film \\"127 Hours,\\" an intense and shocking but also life-affirming man-against-nature drama. Ralston is portrayed by James Franco, who, like Natalie Portman in \\"Black Swan,\\" pushes himself to the very limits of physical and psychological endurance. It's an amazing performance, especially since the entire film is basically a one-man show. We watch with helpless fascination as he struggles, not only against the boulder pinning his arm, but also against hunger, dehydration, and insanity, his mind often giving way to vivid daydreams and disturbing insights. We also watch as he tries to keep a level head and work with whatever tools he has at his disposal.    Intertwined with his ordeal are harsh but cleansing periods of confession and self criticism, which he makes into video testimonials on his digital camcorder. One of the film's best scenes is when he imagines he's a guest on a talk show. Boyle doesn't go for the obvious and show him in a fully furnished TV studio; he instead shows Ralston exactly as he is in the canyon. We do, however, hear a phantom audience, who are perfectly timed to Ralston as he vocally shifts back and forth between himself and the loud-mouthed host. In that imaginary interview, we learn that Ralston never left a note saying where he was going, which means no one would know where to look once they realized he was missing. Why would he be that careless? Because he thought he could be a hero. Ah, but as Gordon Lightfoot once observed, heroes often fail.    He also uses the camcorder to film his goodbyes to his family and friends. He's especially sorry to his mother; he regrets the day the let the answering machine take her phone call, even though he was home at the time. He also regrets the way he handled his relationship with his girlfriend, Rana (Clémence Poésy), who said on their last date that he would be awfully lonely someday.    It goes without saying that the arm severing scene is difficult to sit through. I've seen horror movies in which people are hacked to bits and blood sprays everywhere, and I don't even blink; watching the final scenes of \\"127 Hours,\\" I squirmed in my seat, squinted my eyes, gritted my teeth, and just wanted the whole thing to be done and over with. Amazing how audiences can react so differently, depending on the context. Boyle does an amazing job of depicting the genuine horror of the situation. He doesn't shy away from it, and yet he captures it in such a way that it seems neither gory nor exploitive. It's a real moment in the life of a real person. His greatest accomplishment, however, was making me thankful for the things I take for granted on a daily basis, like access to food and water. And yes, even the love of my family.
B000HT3P7E|5.0|Received my product very quickly. Though the case for the dvd was broken, I suspect that happened during shipping, the dvd's were new and worked great. Thank You.
B0034G4OUO|5.0|Dwayne Johnson gives a great performance even without a whole lot of dialoge. His emotions and single purpose, mixed with the idea of redemption, are what make this a must see movie!
B003NRWW58|5.0|This Torchwood series is a hidden gem!!! I am thrilled to have run across this series...BBC knows what it's doing..Keep up the good work.  Love the modern Doctor Who series by Russell Davies as well!!!David Tennant rocks...
B0026P3G12|5.0|A fantastic CD.  Susan is an amazing vocalist and many of the songs bring chills or a tear to ones eyes at the sound of her voice.
B003OJBWGK|4.0|What a great sound. That perfect low-fi mix really suits the sharp and lush vocals. The guitars have that california bounce that is easy to identify, hard to imitate. Some great pop tunes here. That being said, the lyrics water everything down to dumb-dumb status. Remedial lyrics would be giving it more credit than its worth. They're really mindless 12 year old girl writing poetry about the boy she likes lyrics. Its a shame, had there been a more mature lyrical vibe this music would be unstoppable. As it is, its enjoyable, but gets old hearing about the exact same thing in every song. Our Deal is the best song for me.
B00006JJ1O|4.0|I was pleasantly surprised.  I enjoyed it, very good vocals, sound and production.  This is not normally my style of music, but this is an excellant recording.  I would normally give this two stars but added plus one for recording and plus one for production.
B000XA5K4I|5.0|I'll just make it really simple for those of you considering watching/buying this movie.  You will ABSOLUTELY LOVE this film if:    - you understand that this movie has no semblance of reality (nor does it ever pretend to).  - you want to watch some of the most inventive action sequences I've ever seen.  - you like to laugh.    You will ABSOLUTELY HATE this film if:    - you're expecting a thoughtful, fleshed-out film with an intricate plot.  - you take your action films seriously.  - you only watch films with excellent character development.    Personally I loved this movie.  I recommend it all of my friends who like action films and they've all loved it and wonder why they hadn't watched it sooner.  It's definitely not for everyone, but those who like it tend to really really like it.
B000002UHG|3.0|Review no. 44. The long-time [late] Pink Floyd keyboardist's second of two solo efforts. Overall, it's a decent British progressive title. Until a maybe a year ago, I wasn't even aware that Richard Wright had two solo lp's out. Time stamp on 'Broken China' in 1996. Tunes here that might lure loyal fans that didn't even know about his work such as this CD are \\"Night Of A Thousand Furry Toys\\", the quite entertaining \\"Hidden Fear\\", the well produced \\"Woman Of Custom\\" and the almost Floyd-like \\"Far From The Harbour Wall\\". The music here isn't bad - it's merely a little too laid back for me.
B002ZG999U|5.0|The movie has a great group of action actors.  Good special effects.  A little overkill in some parts.  A few comedy relief parts.  Overall, the movie is entertaining if you really like action movies.
B00335EQ3Q|5.0|This movie is great.  Australian comedy, great dancing/songs and some really funny stuff.  Definitely a keeper in my collection of movie greats!
B003DKJ5ZU|4.0|The movie is approximately 77 minutes long, and is a basic story about faith and friendship.  Both virtues and values that you can't really get enough of.  The tale takes place before Tinkerbell meets Wendy and the Lost Boys of \\"Peter Pan,\\" and focuses on her meeting a young girl named Lizzy.  The two become friends, while Tinkerbell's fairy friends plan a rescue, not knowing that Tinkerbell has befriended the human girl they believe captured her.<br /><br />The adversaries in the movie are the girl's cat who would like a tasty fairy lunch, and the girl's father who collects, to the fairy's dismay, butterflies.  My little girl really liked when Tinkerbell got mad at him when he didn't believe.  But when he grabs a fairy, the others, including Tinkerbell must switch from rescuing Tinkerbell from the Lizzy, to rescuing their friend from Lizzy's father.<br /><br />Besides the movie, the Blu-Ray/DVD also contains a number of special features.  These include previews of other Disney movies, deleted scenes, a music video of the song \\"How To Believe\\" performed by Disney Channel's Bridgit Mendler, and a couple of activities: Design a Fairy House and Fairy Field Guide Builder.<br /><br />I sort of relate this movie for kids like the B action flicks I enjoy.  I often watch straight to DVD action movies, and many of them I enjoy and find to be of very good quality, even though they didn't play in the theaters.  This movie is the same.  It didn't play in the theaters, but it was still very well done.  My little girl really enjoyed it, and I thought it was good to watch too.<br /><br />Reviewed by Alain Burrese, J.D., author of Hard-Won Wisdom From the School of Hard Knocks.
B003062NG0|5.0|This CD is fantastic, as are all PT CDs in my opinion, so I'll admit I'm biased. Having said that, this CD contains some things not available on other CDs, having only been released as B-sides of others. I also have wanted the full-length version of Even Less after hearing them play it at a recent show, and found it on this CD, which is what led me to buy it. Buy this and any other PT CDs and enjoy!
B003X2O6KW|5.0|this c.d. ia absolutly amazing! i know a lot of people say he lost his mind after his mother died...but he worked really hard on this album & he has various musicians & composers on an assortment of songs, as well as rap artist that are real big right now, such as jay-z, nicki minaj,drake, rihanna & the list could go on from the RZA to PUSHA T this album is definately worth listening to every single track!
B000VDDDY6|5.0|Not alot to say other that EXCELLENT. True classic Trek lovers get a little nervous when you start messin' with their old 60's episodes. Had to admit I was a little skeptical when I first heard about the \\"Remasterd\\" version. The imrovements are really only noticeable where the improvements were desperately needed. Such as exterior ship scenes where the Enterprise orbits a planet, or better yet when the Shuttlecraft take off from the hanger deck at the ship's rear. There is even a bit more exterior space scene elaboration of the Enterprise or other ships...such as the \\"Doomsday Machine\\" episode from season 2. An example of their \\"elaboration\\" is added cooler shots of the Captain Matt Decker's battle-damaged star ship, which brings home the point better that the Doomsday Machine is one bad dude. You'll even notice some cooler, more colorful graphics on the bridge viewing screens right about where Spock and Ulhura's bridge stations are. These are all areas where the origional 60's series needed \\"some help\\" from 21st century movie technology. But the movie technos didn't go overboard...they were subtle about their remastering and as a result did not destory the classic integrity of the series. Get it...it's good.
030726999X|5.0|loved all three books,  this one did not disappoint.. wish we could have more, loved the price on Amazon
B003ELOQD4|2.0|Just got this with a gift card and feel like I wasted money.    I have been a long time U2 fan, since the '80s, and have always enjoyed their music and video productions. I had looked forward to watching this on blu ray, and should have read these reviews first. This is by far the worst concert film I have ever seen. It has the quality of an amateur 16 year old videographer. Too many cuts/edits/jerky cam/zooming in & out. Very distracting and completely removes the viewer from a concert experience. I would expect this kind of camerawork for a music video, but not for a concert film.    Can't finish watching it. Headache-inducing. 2 stars for the sound.
B004BEMC6G|4.0|This movie was a female version of the Bourne Identity. They left it wide open for a sequel and I hope they do one as it would give us more in the background of Evelyn Salt.
B000003TSP|5.0|This is a very relaxing CD from Portishead, relaxing yet strong, and beautiful all together. I've known this CD for years and it will never get old, it's my favorite of theirs.
B002AT4K9G|5.0|I have been a sucker for \\"Fast and Furious\\" movies ever since I saw the first one the opening night in the theater.<br /><br />This one is no different.  It's not a great movie by any means, but it's absolutely perfect if you like the others.  I liked having Vin Diesel back in the action for the first time since the first movie (other than the tiny cameo at the end of \\"Tokyo Drift\\").  I also liked the plot to this one.  It seemed to make a bit more sense than some of the other movies.<br /><br />Overall, if you like \\"Fast and Furious\\" movies, then you don't need to be told that you need to add this one to your collection...
B002QE3CTY|1.0|Murder, violence, gore and bore.      Okay, a maze with moving walls isn't a bad idea. But slimy, slug-like creatures with spikes and metallic appendages of saws, claws, and spinning blades that rip up the boys and girls?  For what purpose?  This is still unanswered and the deaths remain meaningless.  All we know is that the \\"Creators\\" of the Maze must have their reasons.       Also, I have middle school students who are better writers. Examples of Dashner's style and prose:          \\"A slimy yellow goo exploded from the flesh, splashing over Thomas's legs as he drove the spear as far as it would sink into the thing's body.\\"           \\"Cold filled Thomas's veins as Teresa's words sank in.\\"         \\"A loud bang from above and behind them cut her off, made Thomas jump.\\"      And what's with the code? FLOAT, CATCH, BLEED, DEATH, STIFF, PUSH?  How unimaginative! It's obvious that Dashner needs a writing course as well as a critical and more skillful editor.
B003NFM3JK|3.0|purchased for personal use and have not had the chance to view yet...love Jim Carey so I know we will enjoy
B000ZLFALI|5.0|I watched this with my son and grown grandchildren.  We ALL liked it a lot, the three generations of us.  I think the Beatles would have approved of this treatment.  I rushed out and ordered it after I saw it because I'd like to see it again sometime.
1579128149|5.0|When I was a kid, my father had the entire Time/Life science series. For you young whippersnappers, Time/Life books were educational series that covered all kinds of topics - history, science, literature, you name it. The idea was that you sign up and they send you books, once a month, until the series was finished or you decided you no longer wanted to receive it.     The Science series focused on, of course, science, with books devoted to every facet of physics, medicine, chemistry, biology.... It was a fantastic compendium of human knowledge in those pre-internet days, and I just loved it. I learned about how traveling at lightspeed squashes things by reading a story about spies chasing each other on the Lightspeed Express. I learned about how different drugs affect the mind and body. I learned about how important the wheel was, what water could do, and how the food we eat determines almost everything about our lives.    My favorite volume of all of them was titled Matter, and it was about all the stuff there is. At the center of it was a pictorial representation of all the elements known to science in 1968. Everything from Hydrogen to Uranium and beyond. I could pore over those pages for hours, amazed by the idea that these things were all there was, made up everything around me. Learning that just six of them (Oxygen, Carbon, Hydrogen, Nitrogen, Calcium and Phosphorus) made up most of, well, me was just mind-bending.    I don't know where that book is now - probably in a box at my mother's house - but the effect that it had on me has lasted ever since my childhood. In fact, as I was researching this review, I found the place that sells coins stamped from elemental metals and got completely distracted by the struggle to not buy any of them. So that's how Time/Life made me into a science nerd. Nevertheless, I was thrilled when I saw this book, and had to snap it up as soon as I could. It cost a whole lot less than a 1/10 troy ounce Rhodium coin    Theodore Gray is an element hunter - something I didn't even know existed when I was a kid. He has made a hobby of trying to collect samples of every element that is is possible to (legally) own, and he's even built a special table to hold them all. A periodic table, as it were, which won him the IgNobel Prize in Chemistry in 2002. He and Nick Mann went through the collection to make outstanding, high-quality photographs and compile them into a fantastic book about \\"everything you can drop on your foot.\\"    It starts, of course, with a basic rundown of what an element is - a substance made of only one type of atom - and what the Periodic Table is - an organization of the elements by their common properties. There's also a page explaining the physics behind the shape of the table, what an \\"electron filling order\\" is, and why the atomic emission spectrum is so important. Fortunately for us non-professionals, he does this is a way that is amusing and understandable. Gray knows that his audience isn't professional chemists or grad students - it's people like me. People who are fans of science, but who, for one reason or another, never got into the real nitty-gritty of it. All of this means that it's a book you can enjoy even if you remember nothing from high school chemistry other than \\"BIFF=WANG.\\" [1]    The book starts, of course, at hydrogen, the element that makes the sun burn (\\"Even at night,\\" alleges the author, but I'll believe that when I see it) and ends with Ununoctium, which will no doubt get a proper name once those crazy kids in the high-energy physics lab get around to assembling it. It includes the spectre of the modern age, Uranium, and its evil twin Plutonium. There's Carbon, without which none of us would be here, and Arsenic, which does a fine job of seeing to it that we cease to be. There's Iron, which we use in abundance, and Dysprosium, which has almost no uses that you've ever heard of. Cesium tells us what time it is, and Krypton, which used to tell us how longthings were (before we figured out the speed of light.) Strontium and Calcium, Sodium and Americium, Gold, Silver, Copper and Lead - every element is in here, waiting for you.    They're accompanied by wonderful photographs that illustrate the applications of each element, as well as diagrams showing its emission spectrum, crystal structure, and other information that you may or may not be interested in. Regardless of how much you know about chemistry, you should find this to be a fascinating and enjoyable book. Moreover, if you have kids and you want them to be exposed to science in a way that engages their fascination and imagination, then this is the book for you. Just be ready to raise a science nerd, and if they ask for an elemental coin for their birthday, remember - Lead isn't just for toys anymore!    -----------------------------------------------------  \\"When you throw a large enough lump of sodium into a lake, the result is a huge explosion a few seconds later. Depending on whether you took the right precautions, this is either a thrilling and beautiful experience or the end of your life as you have known it when molten sodium sprays into your eyes, permanently blinding you. Chemistry is a bit like that: powerful enough to do great things in the world, but also dangerous enough to do terrible things just as easily. If you don't respect it, chemistry bites.\\"  - Theodore Gray, The Elements  -----------------------------------------------------    [1] Thanks, Mr. Hiza!
630469654X|5.0|Great movie from a while ago.  A favorite of a family member.  Was happy to find a new one still available.  Thanks!
0812550706|4.0|A little while after I started teaching literature, I thought about what kinds of books I'd like to do with students in the years to come. The texts I did this year - Fahrenheit 451, Things Fall Apart and a collection of Edgar Allan Poe stories - are all well and good, but probably not what I would have chosen to teach. I wanted something that would speak to the students, that would engage with their lives, and which ideally was some good classic science fiction. So I went over to Ask Metafilter and asked them what science fiction they would recommend teaching to high school students studying English as a foreign language.    Just about everyone mentioned Ender's Game, and with good reason. It's a good story, for one, and it addresses a lot of the issues that young people have to deal with that are often left out of the literature they have to read for English class. The adults in the book are like the adults in the students' lives - slightly removed, seemingly omniscient, and not necessarily acting in their best interests, at least not as they see it. It deals with issues of bullying and isolation, of fitting in and standing out and accepting your place in the grander scheme of things. It's about critical thinking and moral reflection, all wrapped up in the unending carnival that is youth.    Ender Wiggin is, as our book begins, six years old, and he may be the last, best hope for humanity.    Ender comes from a strange place. In a near-totalitarian America, families are allowed to have only two children, in order to keep the population static. If a good reason exists, however, they might be allowed to have a third. That third is destined from the beginning to have a hard life, no matter what happens, especially if that third has been bred for a very specific reason.    Ender Wiggin is a Third. His parents had two children already - their son, Peter, and daughter, Valentine. Peter is a brilliant young sociopath, and Valentine is an equally brilliant pacifist. In ordinary times, either of them could have been an historical figure, but these were far from ordinary times. Earth is at war with an insectile alien race it has nicknamed the Formics (nicknamed \\"Buggers\\"), and has survived two invasions. Everyone knows there will be a third, and if they can't fight it off then humanity will be scythed clean off the planet. The International Fleet needs a commander, one who has enough empathy to understand the enemy, but who also has the killer instinct to be able to wipe them out. Where Peter is too hard and Valentine is too soft, Ender Wiggin could be the one they're looking for.    Young and frightened, Ender is taken off-planet to Battle School, where he and hundreds of other youths will take part in battle games to train them in how best to one day defeat the Buggers. While Ender knows that he's been chosen, he doesn't know why, and his experiences in the school lead him to wonder if being a Chosen One is really worth it. In game after game, Ender manages to prove his worth to the International Fleet by defying their expectations of what a battle commander should do. He is pushed to his limits and beyond by the International Fleet, whose motives and methods remain a mystery to him until he has accomplished their goal - one which he never even knew he was aiming for.    It's a fun book, and a very quick read, and it's one of those \\"I should have read this when I was a teenager\\" books. While I was never put in a position where my action could very possibly save the existence of all humanity, I - like every other teenager ever - had doubts about my place in the world. I saw the conflict between what I wanted for myself and what the adults in my life wanted for me. I was given responsibility that I didn't want, and had to make a choice about whether or not I would live up to it. In other words, while the scale of Ender's problems are much bigger than that of the average young person's, they are essentially the same. I am fortunate inthat Ender's Game can work to explode a pervasive and not entirely accurate belief held by all teenagers everywhere, from the dawn of time until now: the belief that there is no one else in the world who understands what they are going through.     The big question then becomes, How do I teach this? What can I do to not only get my students to read it but to also understand its relationship to their own lives? However I manage to do it, that will hopefully reveal to them the whole point behind reading for pleasure: that you can look at a book or a story and say, \\"Yes - life is like this.\\" Not all of it, but you can find that moment, that point of any story that can connect what it is saying to your own life, and thereby learn something from it.     There are also a whole host of other issues that can be brought up with this novel, not the least of which is the systematic indoctrination of young people by their educational system. Perhaps a bit self-defeating, but the anti-authoritarian in me would be vastly entertained if I could somehow encourage these kids to look suspiciously upon the very foundation of the system in which they were currently residing. There is also the greater issues of how a society teaches its children, and the limited value of truth. We tell kids that \\"honesty is the best policy,\\" but this book blows that axiom away. If they had told Ender the truth about what he was doing and why, he would have refused, and Earth would likely have been wiped out. In the same way, how do we - adults, and especially teachers - lie to young people in order to achieve a greater goal? What value, then, do these lies have, and are they worth telling?    We can explore redemption and atonement through Ender's attempt to make up for the things he has done. Even more interestingly, we can look at Card's prediction of how the internet would shape political discourse and how citizens can easily be manipulated. Peter and Valentine put on electronic personae through which they gain immense power despite their youth, using their own innate genius to spark debate on the topics that will achieve their own goals.    Outside the text, too, there is an excellent opportunity to discuss the relationship between a work and its author. While Ender's Game is a brilliant story that is so well-written that it is recommended reading by both Quakers and the U.S. Marine Corps, its author holds some rather despicable views that don't seem to mesh with the message he has put into his book. I speak here of Card's public denouncement of gay marriage, including accepting a position on the board of directors of the National Organization for Marriage. This group has made many attempts to block the spread of queer civil rights in the U.S., and it disturbs me that an author whose work I respect is spearheading the effort. What, then, is my responsibility as a reader? Should I never read his work again, lest it be seen as a show of support for his politics? Can I even read him fairly from now on, or will I always be looking for that anti-gay undercurrent, perhaps where there is none? Or should I simply ignore the author and enjoy the work? There are a great many authors and artists who are in the same position as Card, and it is a worthwhile discussion to have.    There are so many topics to mine from this book that I had to stop myself from time to time and remember to enjoy it, rather than make mental lesson plans.    In any case, if you haven't read Ender's Game, I recommend that you do. If you have a young person in your life, see to it that he or she has a chance to read it as well. If you're really lucky, it'll foster a lifelong love of reading. If not, at least they might walk away with the understanding that their problems are pretty universal, and that, on the whole, things could be a whole lot worse.    They could be Ender Wiggin.    -------------------------------------------------------------  \\"It was just him and me. He fought with honor. If itweren't for his honor, he and the others would have beaten me together. They might have killed me, then. His sense of honor saved my life. I didn't fight with honor... I fought to win.\\"  - Ender Wiggin, Ender's Game  -------------------------------------------------------------
B0038M2AZA|5.0|Written by T. Jaquish's wife, Jeannette Jaquish:  This is a fascinating story about a highly uptight brilliant girl who found her way through ridicule and rejection to save animals from simple-minded force methods in feedlots and slaughterhouses.  The movie showed the unique way she saw things, recognizing the physics in mechanical things and natural herd movement. It also showed her learning how to control her own aberrant social behavior until she would not disturb people and they would listen to her. Even after she had done amazing research and design which was published in prestigious magazines, her own relatives averted their eyes and disregarded her in their habit of thinking she was hopeless.  Cattlemen viciously insulted her, challenged by a weird female proving that  they were doing it wrong.  The movie showed the few people who recognized her potential and helped her as well as they could, and the multitudes who made her life hard.  The designs she created were beautiful, and her respect and affection for the animals compared to her aversion to human contact showed another of the weird variations of autism.  This movie has exciting images and suspense, love, fury, determination, frustration and triumph. My family enjoyed this movie and I loved it.
0393316041|4.0|A while back, I read another book by Feynman, The Pleasure of Finding Things Out, and I wasn't all that thrilled with it. It was kind of disappointing at the time. I knew that Feynman's fame came not only from his scientific brilliance, but from the fact that he was a genuinely interesting, funny and mischievous person. I had hoped that I could find some of that in the book, but to no avail. And so I gave it away so that someone else could get the pleasure from it that I could not.    Still, I was not completely turned off Feynman. There are videos of him around the internet that really show his vibrancy, his energy and the passion with which he approached the world, and I knew there would come a time when I would have to give him a second chance. Thus, this book.    Surely You're Joking, Mister Feynman! is the story - or rather a collection of stories - about what can happen to a person with immense confidence in his own abilities, an insatiable curiosity about the world, a willingness to make mistakes, all topped off with a generous helping of genius.    First, as Feynman calls them at the beginning of the book, some vitals.     Richard Feynman was a theoretical physicist who worked on the Manhattan Project, taught at Caltech, and won the Nobel Prize in physics for his contributions to quantum electrodynamics. He was also one hell of a bongo player, an accomplished artist, and a self-taught safecracker. He was a joker and a prankster and a ladies' man who could bluff his way into pretty much anything he wanted to do, and was often surprised that people believed his bravado. He had a passion for mysteries and puzzles and figuring out how things worked, from combination locks to the movements of electrons to why water curves the way it does when it comes out the tap, and he didn't give a good goddamn about what the rest of the world thought of him.    In other words, Richard Feynman was a pretty awesome guy.    This book is a collection of Feynman's stories, the kind that he might tell at a party or with a bunch of friends traveling. They're the variety of story that might begin with, \\"Did I ever tell you how I joined a samba band in Rio?\\" and just go on from there. He starts with his youth, how he was the kind of boy who just loved to tinker with things. He would take electronics apart and put them back together, and then go to junk shops to buy parts that he could build into better radios. He did experiments with ants to find out how they communicated, and dedicated himself so hard to solving puzzles that eventually all he needed was the first line, and he could immediately come back with, \\"He starts by chopping every other one in three parts.\\"    He was one of those kids whose curiosity was boundless, and who never even imagined that there was anything \\"better\\" he could have been doing than exploring how the world worked. I couldn't shake the feeling that if young Feynman were around today, he'd be medicated to the eyeballs just to stop him being so \\"weird.\\" But you know me. Cynic.    We follow him through his days at MIT, pulling pranks with friends and discovering those interesting weaknesses in human thought processes that allowed him to get away with murder when he was young. His habits of wondering how things work carried him through his participation in the Manhattan Project, his travels to countries like Brazil and Japan, and led him through a life that was never without fascinating and entertaining discoveries.    Long story short (too late), Feynman is - or at least should be - a model for young people today. While the book isn't pitched towards young people, there are several lessons in it that should be taught to every child.    The first is that the world is infinitely interesting. Any kid who whines that she is bored needs to be shown the million and one ways that you can combat boredom just within a ten-foot radius of where you're sitting. Look at something - anything and ask yourself, \\"I wonder how that works,\\" and then go find out. The possibilities are endless, and the potential exists that you may discover a passion you never knew you had. Feynman didn't start out wondering how electrons work - he fixed his neighbors' radios just because he could. One thing led to another, and next thing you know - BAM! Nobel Prize.    The second point, and it is connected to the first, is to never say No. In his essay, \\"But Is It Art?\\" he talks about how he learned to draw. It started when an artist friend offered to teach Feynman how to draw if he would teach the artist about science. While Feynman believed that he would be an absolutely atrocious artist, he still agreed to the challenge, and he stuck with it. Eventually he became well-known as a decent artist, even managing to sell some of his works. Now obviously, there are limits and caveats to \\"never\\" - there are times when saying No is the right thing to do. But when you find an opportunity to expand your abilities, to learn new things and face new challenges, the automatic \\"No\\" may deprive you of a joy that you never knew you could experience.    Third, you must know who you are. One of the problems inherent in living in a society is that there's always someone trying to tell you who you are, or at least who you should be. Your parents, teachers, friends, all have an image of you in their heads, and are all trying to mold you into that image, consciously or unconsciously. Add to that the government, media, corporations, advertisements, shysters, preachers and other deliverers of hokum and propaganda who are also trying to tell you who you really are, despite having never met you and being pretty sure that you don't already know yourself. And many people, sadly, don't. But Feynman did. He knew who he was, and that was all he needed. He occasionally let people think differently about him, but the thread that runs through this book is a rock-solid self-awareness that allowed him the self-confidence to pick up showgirls or try toturn down a Nobel Prize.    The caveat to this, and a corollary to the second point, is that you can always discover new things about who you are. All through the book, we see Feynman faced with a new opportunity that he thinks he can't do because it's just Not Him. Drawing, playing music, learning languages - those skills didn't fit into the mental model of who he thought he was, a flaw that all of us possess. A lot of us, without even giving it a try, might immediately discard something by saying, \\"Well, that's just not me.\\" Maybe it could be. It takes courage, and the willingness to fall  flat on your face, but if you can discover a new talent or a new passion, isn't it worth it?    Finally, remember that everyone else around you is just as human as you are. Don't be impressed by titles and uniforms, fancy suits and impressive business cards. Don't assume that just because someone wears a soldier's uniform or a thousand dollar suit that they are somehow \\"better\\" than you. Feynman not only resisted authority in so many of these tales, he actively worked to subvert it. Whether it's trying to sneak codes past military censors or breaking into the safe that held all the secrets of the atomic bomb, he never let a title get in the way of learning or growing.    One of my favorite Feynman stories related to this last point isn't actually in this book, but I'll mention it anyway. After the Challenger disaster back in 1986, NASA was called on the carpet to explain to Congress why their shiny new space shuttle went Kaboom. The NASA managers went on and on about the O-rings, filling their talk with supercilious jargon and doublespeak, hoping that their haughty attitudes and impenetrable explanations of why the cold weather made the O-rings fail would be comprehensible enough to satisfy the committee, yet obtuse enough to avoid actually admitting that they had done anything wrong.     While they were doing this, Feynman put a piece of the O-ring material into a glass of icewater and let it sit there for a while. Then he took it out, stretched it, and showed that it had lost the pliability that it needed to do its job. With a simple demonstration, he not only showed the fault that led to the Challenger explosion, but at the same time put a bunch of self-aggrandizing stuffed shirts in their places.    I love that story.    Anyway, if you're looking for a Feynman book to read - and who isn't? - this is the one to start with. There's not much hard talk about science in it, just lots of stories about a really interesting guy. Even if it doesn't make you want to get into quantum electrodynamic theory, I hope it still makes you look at the world in a different way.    -----------------------------------------------------  \\"You have no responsibility to live up to what other people think you ought to accomplish. I have no responsibility to be like they expect me to be. It's their mistake, not my failing.\\"  - Richard Feynman, Surely You're Joking, Mister Feynman!  -----------------------------------------------------
B002ZG4QB6|5.0|This is the finest music video that I have ever seen. Cliff Richard and The Shadows have never put on a better performance. The songs,the singing and the quality of musicianship are excellent. If you are a fan of Cliff and The Shadows,do yourself a favor and buy this DVD. You won't be sorry.
B000SEGTI0|4.0|I have kind of a weird confession to make. It's not really a confession as such, since you only confess things that you're ashamed of or that you feel you have done wrong. But this is something that I believe people may find a little odd, so I suppose it's the best word under the circumstances.    I don't kill cockroaches.    Fortunately, I live up on the tenth floor in a nice modern apartment building, so they're not really a problem for me. But even in my old place, where they'd turn up from time to time, or walking about in the city, where you're bound to see them, especially after dark, I feel no desire to do what everyone else seems to do - freak out and jump on them with both feet. After all, why should I? They're just being what they are. They're just doing what millions of years of evolution have programmed them to do. They don't act out of malice or with the intention of trying to harm me, so I say live and let live.    Oh, don't get me wrong - I don't let roaches stay. I'll capture them, take them out to the riverbank or somewhere and let them go. I'll put down deterrents to roaches around the house. I may be kindly-disposed towards all living things [1], but I'm not an idiot. My point is, I feel a certain empathy towards those little guys, just trying to make their way in a hostile, anti-cockroach world.    And that's how I know I'm not an android.     When we talk about things like computer intelligence, one of the questions that comes up is how we would tell an artificial intelligence apart from the real thing? For a computer-bound AI, there's the Turing Test - a conversation with a human wherein the human cannot tell that she's talking to a computer. And that's good, as far as that goes. But what if we start putting them into physical bodies? What if we make these AIs in our image? Fleshy, sweaty, hairy robots that look and behave just like humans do? How, then, would we be able to tell the difference between a made being and a natural-born human?    Philip K. Dick's answer is empathy, and it is at the core of this book.    Dick is kind of like science fiction's mad mystic. He explores the hidden inner worlds of the people involved in the story, peeling apart issues of identity and psychology and reality itself, forcing the reader to ask him or herself what's really going on.    In other words, reading his work can be something of a head trip.    This novel introduces us to a near-future America, one which is greatly different from the one we know today. After a devastating nuclear war that wiped out countless species of plants and animals, the planet is being slowly emptied out. Those who are young, healthy and fertile are allowed to emigrate to off-world colonies. With them go the androids as servants, workers and slaves. Some people stay on Earth for reasons of their own. J.R. Isadore, for example, is a \\"special,\\" one who doesn't make the genetic grade to leave the planet. Rick Deckard, on the other hand, is a bounty hunter, a man whose duty is to hunt down and destroy androids that come to Earth. Deckard has been handed a special assignment - six androids of the latest model, Nexus-6, have landed nearby. They're strong, intelligent, almost indistinguishable from humans, and Deckard has to \\"retire\\" them all before they get away.    Like many people, I first encountered this story in the movie Blade Runner, which followed much the same path. And, probably like a lot of people who saw the movie first, I was a bit thrown by the difference between the two. Rick Deckard in the book is not the morose lone wolf that he is in the movie. He has a wife here, and an electric sheep that he keeps on the roof (though he'd never admit to his neighbors that it was electric.) He has an interest in animals - the keeping of which is a mark of true status in a world where so many species have gone extinct. He's a more interesting character, with more depth and inner conflict than we see in the film. On the other hand, Roy Baty, Deckard's adversary, is far less interesting. He's intelligent and cruel, yes, but with so much less visceral power than Rutger Hauer gave him.    The major themes are different as well. In the movie, one of the overriding themes is the desire to live, the instinctive need that humans have to keep surviving even for just one more second. It's what keeps Deckard hanging on the edge of the roof when Roy's already broken his fingers. It's what sends Roy to Tyrell's home in the middle of the night with murder on his mind. The replicants in the film, despite being made beings, want what we want: more life.    The book follows a different path, though. The book looks at the difference between human and android, the Born and the Made, especially where it comes to that elusive quality of empathy. It is a capacity that only humans are supposed to possess, and indeed there is a whole religion founded around it - Mercerism. By using \\"Empathy Boxes,\\" a person can become one with the iconic Wilbur Mercer, and share the joys and pains of everyone else connected to him at the same time. Life in all its forms becomes utterly sacred, and the destruction of a living thing is one of the greatest sins one can commit.    The androids, on the other hand, know nothing of empathy. They would gladly give up one of their own to die in their place. In one rather vivid scene, the android Pris starts snipping the legs off a spider, an act so monstrous that it drives J.R. Isadore to betray her and the other androids, people he believes are his only friends. The androids can pretend to feel empathy, but a simple test of involuntary physical responses show that they cannot truly feel it.    So, in a world where life has been scythed clean, respect for life is the highest virtue. The androids have no respect for life, and must therefore be kept off the planet, eliminated if they set foot on it. But what happens when they get more complex? What happens when the androids are so good, the humans beginto empathize with them? How can you destroy something when you can imagine its pain as your own? And if you can refrain from killing a lowly cockroach because you have empathy for it, how can you then turn around and kill thinking, self-aware android?    It's the kind of logical and moral conundrum that Dick excels at. The capacity for empathy cannot be what makes one creature worthy of protection and another not. After all, cockroaches don't feel empathy any more than androids do, yet they would be cherished in this world. It must then be the ability to generate empathy in others that is important, and in this book we see the androids cross that line. Deckard realizes that he's beginning to feel for the things he has to kill, and cannot reconcile that feeling with his job.    The theme of Born versus Made is reflected all through the book, especially where animals show up. There are animals that are presented as real, which later turn out to be androids. Others which the characters think are androids, but turn out to be real. Some characters can't even say with certainty whether they are not androids. All throughout the book, people find themselves in the position where they can't tell the difference between biological life and constructed life, which then raises a whole new question - if you can't tell the difference, then is there any difference at all?    It's the kind of question best discussed over a cup of coffee at Denny's with your friends in college.    Even today, people look down on science fiction as being less substantial than \\"real\\" fiction. Stories of androids and bounty hunters and off-world colonies, they think, can't compete with tales of single mothers raising kids in the inner cities or soldiers fighting and dying in a pointless war. To those who think there's nothing to grab on to in science fiction, I submit this book. It'll stay in your head, keep you up at night, and make you ask the kinds of questions that you'll never be able to answer.If that's not quality writing, then I don't know what is.    ----------------------------------------------------  \\"You will be required to do wrong no matter where you go. It is the basic condition of life, to be required to violate your own identity. At some time, every creature which lives must do so. It is the ultimate shadow, the defeat of creation; this is the curse at work, the curse that feeds on all life. Everywhere in the universe.\\"  - Mercer, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?  ---------------------------------------------------      [1] Well, almost all living things. There's still Ann Coulter....
B00394A4UK|5.0|It is hard to write a normal review of SHUTTER ISLAND without \\"spoiling\\" the ending. And much of the pleasure of reading this novel is to sift the clues for yourself and at least lessen the huge surprise at novel's end.<br /><br />This is a novel of criminal insanity and the various cures in vogue during \\"four days in late summer,\\" early September 1954. The setting is an island washed in the same waters as nearby Boston. On it, in buildings dating to the U.S.  Civil War, there stands forbidding Ashecliffe Hospital, led by world-renowned genius psychiatrist Dr John Cawley. On the night before the novel opens, a murderous patient named Rachel Solando has escaped from her locked cell. Two U.S. Marshals, Edward \\"Teddy\\" Daniels and Chuck Aule take a ferry to Shutter Island to investigate.<br /><br />Apart from the plot itself, I invite you to notice the \\"framing\\" of this puzzle-rich, enigma-endowed thriller.<br /><br />First, the tale is narrated in May 1993 by Dr Lester Sheehan (Prologue). Looking back to his time nearly 40 years earlier in residence at Ashecliffe Hospital, psychiatrist Sheehan admits that his memory is not what it used to be and that his mind is being eroded at the edges. It's therefore now or never to tell the story of Teddy Daniels. And tell that story Dr Sheehan does. Yet the narration almost always is from the point of view of Marshal Daniels. Indeed Dr Sheehan, we are told in the story by narrator Dr Sheehan himself, left the island aboard the same ferry the two marshals had arrived on. So how did Dr Sheehan know every last detail of those four days in 1954? And when did he know them?<br /><br />In his Prolog Dr Sheehan specifically names four characters of his story. They are two men and two women:<br /><br />Edward \\"Teddy\\" Daniels - Andrew Laeddis<br /><br />and<br /><br />Dolores Chanal - Rachel Solando.<br /><br />A second framing element of the novel is the importance attached to it of the riddle left behind by missing patient Rachel Solando. It turns out that both Marshal Daniels and hospital Chief of Staff Dr John Cawley have a background in Government intelligence and code-breaking. Marshal Daniels is, in effect, invited to enter the mind of Rachel Solano through her riddle/puzzle/cypher: a matter of words and numbers.<br /><br />Perhaps most importantly, thirdly, this novel, as time passes, turns to anagrams (same letters rearranged to form different words or names) as additional ways to enter a patient's mind.<br /><br />At the medical-philosophical level, SHUTTER ISLAND is a novel about mental illness of the violently insane and how it might have been treated in 1954. Four techniques are discussed: surgery (especially lobotomies), drugs, electrical shocks and depth psychiatry. Depth psychiatry is the newest method and under fire from both the medical and Federal Government resources funding the hospital. In effect, the novel is about a four day long test to see if a convicted murderer who thinks he is innocent and knows who the real killer is can be cured by cajoling him through play acting to re-enact his crime and then assume -- permanently -- personal responsibility for his misdeed. If he can, he will be pronounced cured and released back into society. Implausible. But in the skilled hands of author Dennis Lehane, SHUTTER ISLAND works.<br /><br />Enjoy this thriller for its plot, storm descriptions, debates about mental illness, framing devices and psychic puzzles to be decrypted through codes and anagrams. This is not a \\"whodunnit.\\" It's a \\"whydunnit\\" and why can't he admit that he \\"dunnit\\"?<br /><br />-OOO-taff Dr John Cawley have a background in Government intelligence and code-breaking. Marshal Daniels is, in effect, invited to enter the mind of Rachel Solano through her riddle/puzzle/cypher: a matter of words and numbers.    Perhaps most importantly, thirdly, this novel, as time passes, turns to anagrams (same letters rearranged to form different words or names) as additional ways to enter a patient's mind.    At the medical-philosophical level, SHUTTER ISLAND is a novel about mental illness of the violently insane and how it might have been treated in 1954. Four techniques are discussed: surgery (especially lobotomies), drugs, electrical shocks and depth psychiatry. Depth psychiatry is the newest method and under fire from both the medical and Federal Government resources funding the hospital. In effect, the novel is about a four day long test to see if a convicted murderer who thinks he is innocent and knows who the real killer is can be cured by cajoling him through play acting to re-enact his crime and then assume -- permanently -- personal responsibility for his misdeed. If he can, he will be pronounced cured and released back into society. Implausible. But in the skilled hands of author Dennis Lehane, SHUTTER ISLAND works.    Enjoy this thriller for its plot, storm descriptions, debates about mental illness, framing devices and psychic puzzles to be decrypted through codes and anagrams. This is not a \\"whodunnit.\\" It's a \\"whydunnit\\" and why can't he admit that he \\"dunnit\\"?    -OOO-
B002RI9UE0|3.0|I know, I was supposed to have read this, oh, back in 2007 or '08 when everyone else was reading it. And I thought about it, really I did. But the cynic in me thought, \\"Come on - what do you think it'll be? It'll be a 400 page sales pitch about why he should be President.\\" I lost faith in our elected officials a long time ago, and if I wanted to learn about Obama, I would rather have done so from a third party, rather than reading a self-aggrandizing autobiography about how awesome he is.    In a way, my Cynical Self was right - this is a sales pitch for Barack Obama. I don't know if he was giving the Presidency serious thought when he was writing it, but he could have re-titled the book \\"Why You Should Vote for Barack Obama\\" and it would have been perfectly appropriate. Given that he wrote the book after his exceptional keynote speech at the Democratic National Convention, however, it is very likely that he wrote it with higher office in mind.    The table of contents reads like a campaign platform, with chapters titled simply, \\"Values\\" or \\"Faith\\" or \\"Family,\\" and each chapter deals not only with Obama's views on the topic, but his personal experiences dealing with it. In \\"Republicans and Democrats,\\" for example, he talks about how the Gingrich Rules bled out from Washington to infect his own state of Illinois, and how hard it was to get anything done when Republicans and Democrats viewed each other as enemies, rather than as different actors in the same play. In \\"Opportunity,\\" he talks about meeting the guys over at Google who can't find enough American software engineers and the auto workers who can't see their jobs surviving in the new economy. In \\"Family,\\" he talks about the challenges he faces as a political husband and father, and the more serious challenges facing other families around the country.    Make no mistake - this book is, first and foremost, an answer to the question \\"Who Is Barack Obama?\\"  And it's a very comprehensive answer. We get not only hispositions on the issues of the day, but also his personal history (and how it informs his opinions) and a good sense of how the man looks at the world. For an angry, post-Bush Liberal, however, it is immensely, frustratingly even-handed.    I'll admit - if I'm feeling a little low, I think about my favorite things: a good book, a thunderstorm on a summer afternoon, sunlight filtered through autumn leaves, and Dick Cheney in an orange jumpsuit and manacles, preferably tarred and feathered. With bells on.    It's a natural human impulse, I think, the drive to give as good as you get, and after the last eight years of being on the side slandered every time it questioned authority; of being a supporter of elected officials who have been the target of right-wing vitriol since I was in college; of having to defend the idea that government can be a force for good against thirty years of the incessant, endless, Reaganite drumbeat of Government Is Bad, what I really, really want is to see some heads roll. I want shame and ignominy visited upon those who put their own twisted and medieval ideologies ahead of governing the country. I want to see talking heads and pundits begging on the streets for spare change while the rest of us soar into a utopia of rational understanding.    And Barack Obama won't let me have that. Dammit.    There are a lot of people annoyed with President Obama right now, and not only from the opposition party. There are Democrats who are frustrated with his pace and what they perceive as his lack of action. All of those people really should have read this book before they got behind him. I'm sure they still would have thrown their support to him, but they would have known better what to expect - a centrist, deliberative politician who plays the long game in lieu of scoring empty political points by, just to pick an example out of thin air, sending Karl Rove to Gitmo.    Throughout the book, he emphasizes that while he has indeed picked a side in our political system, he can also see the value in opposing opinions. He knows that there is merit to some GOP ideas, and that they have simply lost their way at this time. Rather than dismiss ideas that don't match his own, he looks for where his ideas and those intersect, and tries to find some kind of common ground to work from, in the hopes that a synthesis can lead to good governance. He is constantly questioning his own assumptions and trying to examine his own biases, seeing the world in the manner of Atticus Finch. He admits that no real problem has a simple solution, no matter how much we wish it were otherwise. And above all, he knows that hope alone won't make the world better. Only deliberate, consistent action will lead us to a better country. Hope merely points the way.    Reading this book is a glimpse not only into the mind of Barack Obama but, in some sense, into the mind of everyone who wants to occupy higher office. A great deal of the book focuses not only on his positions and how he has come by, but what it's like becoming and then being a lawmaker. He says near the beginning that it takes a certain kind of personality to make it this high in public office. \\"Few people end up being United States Senators by accident,\\"  he writes. \\"At a minimum, it requires a certain megalomania, a belief that of all the gifted people in your state, you are somehow uniquely qualified to speak on their behalf....\\" Along with a burning ambition, he also admits to the other lodestone of campaigners: fear. \\"Not just fear of losing - although that is bad enough - but fear of total, complete humiliation.\\"    Describing not only the physical trials that are involved with becoming a Senator but also the emotional and interpersonal ones that come with it, my first thought was, \\"What sane person would choose this kind of life?\\"    It's an illuminating book in many ways. My Inner Cynic has asked me to remind you that this is a book about Barack Obama, written by Barack Obama, andis not necessarily trustworthy in that sense. But the things Obama said in here are very consistent with the things he's saying now, as long as we control for new information gained between 2006 and now. If I learned anything from this book, it's that I now have confidence that he's dealing honestly with the American people (given a certain political value of \\"honest\\" of course).    While I still don't know if he's going to be able to pull the country up into greatness the way his advance press claimed he would, I am at least confident that he has the nation's best interests at heart. I like a lot of his ideas, and I think he's got a good vision for the kind of America that I would enjoy living in someday. He may not get us there, but he can at least get us started.    ----------------------------------------------------------------  \\"I am convinced that whenever we exaggerate or demonize, oversimplify or overstate our case, we lose. Whenever we dumb down the political debate, we lose.\\"  - Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope  ----------------------------------------------------------------
B004AQR29C|1.0|Well, it was different I'll give 'em that much.  But this was really crappy and boooorrrrrring.  I don't even know where to begin.  I don't even really want to spend much time thinking about my rant...that's how bad this was.  In short, they're a bunch of mercenaries.  No military tie-in's or history or depth at all to the characters.  Just a bunch of paid mercenaries that blow a lot of stuff up.  I suppose if you have absolutely nothing better to do and have time to kill and don't care about anything but watching a bunch of explosions with no plot...then OK by all means rent this.  It may help to be drinking or high, of which I was neither.
0061205699|5.0|What is there to say about this book that hasn't already been said? I mean, it's one of the most critically acclaimed novels of the last fifty years, and is considered a classic of American literature. It's required reading in nearly every high school in America - and at the same time it's a regular guest on the American Library Association's \\"Most Banned Books\\" list.    A lot of minds, many better than mine, have turned their thoughts to this book, and have no doubt picked every last shred of meaning, metaphor and symbolism from it. So what's left for me to say about it? Sure, I can talk about how it's a classic coming-of-age tale, about how Scout Finch, a young girl living in a small, insular town in Alabama, saw her world shaped and changed by the goodness and integrity of her father, Atticus. We can look at the family dynamics of the story - a family without a mother, save for the surrogate matriarch roles played first by the maid, Calpurnia, and then by Aunt Alexandria, Atticus' sister. We can analyze how the power in that family structure changes and shifts, and ultimately rests in Atticus' capable hands.    Or we can look at the elements of symbolism in the book - the mad dog, foreshadowing the vicious Bob Ewell, whose hatred for Atticus costs him his life. Or the title, as we wonder throughout the book, \\"Who is the mockingbird?\\" Is it a person, even, or could it be something as intangible as Innocence? Of course we find out, in the end - it's the shut-in neighbor, Boo Radley, who must be protected as a mockingbird would be.     And who is Boo, anyway? What does he mean to the America of the 1930s, in which the book was set? Or the 1960s, in which it was published? Or the Aughts, in which I'm reading it? Is he a metaphor for America at that time, too consumed by its troubles to venture out, yet willing to protect those it holds dear, an intentional foreshadowing of the Great War that lays only six years in the future? Or is he the ghostly antithesis of Atticus Finch, a man who does the right thing only once in his life, rather than every day?    It's also a defense of the American legal system. The trial of Tom Robinson is hopelessly unwinnable, but Atticus knows that it is something to be marveled at that Tom even gets a chance. A thin chance, yes, but in so many other times and places, Tom would have just been killed right on the scene of his alleged crime, and no one would have done anything about it. But in America, the courts are the great levelers. Even a black man, who in that time and that place was a citizen only on sufferance, can still have his day in court. He had very little chance, but with a lawyer like Atticus, who believes wholeheartedly in the purity of Law, he had a better chance than most. \\"Our courts have their faults,\\" he says, \\"as does any human institution, but in this country our courts are the great levellers, and in our courts all men are created equal.\\" Without this system, however, even a man of Atticus' talents and integrity wouldn't have been able to help Tom Robinson.    I guarantee  - someone, somewhere has thought about all of these things, and has probably written more about them than I ever could. And with more passion and skill.  So I'll just write about what the book made me think, and hope I can put that into words that sound good to all of you.    I want to be Atticus Finch when I grow up.    As much as the book may be narrated by Scout, and Boo Radley haunts it like an unquiet ghost, the story is about Atticus - a good man in a small town who tries to do everything he can to make his part of the world a better place.    The central event of this book, which echoes from first page to last, is a trial in which Atticus has to do an impossible thing - defend a black man from charges of raping a white woman. By taking this case, Atticus knowingly risks his reputation, his safety and his life, as well as those of his family. It's hard for us here, in an age when the United States has ablack President, to truly understand just how racially broken the country used to be. Not that everything is hunky-dory now - anyone who claims that the election of President Obama somehow solved the problem to race in America has a lot of re-thinking to do. But it was so much worse back then.    Atticus Finch is a man with an unshakable moral compass, who knows the difference between right and wrong and how to make sure he does the right thing. He knows that he is a role model not only for his children, but for the people of his town - in several parts of the book, he's likened to a savior.\\"We are so rarely called on to be Christians,\\" says Miss Maudie, a rather progressive neighbor of the Finch's, \\"but when we are, we've got men like Atticus to go for us.\\" He exhorts his children to spend time in another's skin, to really look at the world from their perspective, in order to understand why they do what they do. He values intellect and reason over emotion and fighting, but is not afraid to take action when it's absolutely necessary. He bears an immense responsibility on his shoulders, not only for the people of his town - black and white - but for his family, that he may raise his children to be good people as well.    Probably my favorite Atticus moment in the book comes in chapter eleven, with the redemption of Mrs. Dubose. A cantankerous old woman living down the street, Mrs. Dubose is a terror to Scout and her brother Jem. She eventually provokes Jem into a fury, whereupon he destroys her camellias, the punishment for which is that Jem must go to her home and read to her for a month. He does, as he's Atticus' son and therefore keeps his promises, but it's not a pleasant duty. She drifts of into nearly comatose states by the end of their reading sessions, which last longer and longer as what Jem believes must be further punishment for his crime.    It is only later, after Mrs. Dubose dies, that Atticus reveals the real reason Jem was sent to go read to her - sohe could help her overcome a crippling morphine addiction before she died. She wanted to die free of her burden, and Atticus wanted his son to see what it means to truly be brave. It was important that Jem understand, before the trial got into full swing, that, \\"It's when you're licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what. You rarely win, but sometimes you do.\\" Mrs. Dubose won, thanks to Atticus, and his son learned what it means to be brave.    The only real criticism I can think of with regards to Atticus Finch is that he's too good. It's hard to find a flaw in the man, other than his nearly unbending insistence on doing the right thing, even if it should put his family in danger. He's kind of like Superman in that regard - his greatest flaw is his unwillingness to compromise on what is right, even if it hurts those close to him.    Of all the flaws one could have, though, that's not too bad.    I am reminded that one of the greatest questions of philosophy is \\"Why should we do good?\\"  Atticus knows why. Because it's the only thing he can do and still live with himself. He doesn't need to justify what he does to anyone else. He doesn't need to convince anyone that he's doing what is right. He only needs to convince himself. As long has he can look his children in the eyes, he knows that what he's doing is right, and that's all he requires. And perhaps he is an idealist, yes. But he's an idealist who lives up to his ideals, who lives through those ideals every day. He knows that what he does won't necessarily going to change his little town, much less the world, but he does it anyway. Because that's what living a good and honest life means, and that's what I learned from Atticus Finch.    What surprises me, honestly, is that this is the only book Harper Lee's written. It's so rich, so gripping, just so damn good that it's hard to believe she never had another story she wanted to tell. Her entry in Wikipedia says that she's written some essays and started a few novels, but never finished them, which saddens me. But then, perhaps some writers have countless stories in them - some of them great, some of them not - and others just have one. And in Lee's case, it was a humdinger.    If you're going into high school and you're reading this - you will be required to read this book at some point. I know how irritating it is to be forced to read a book, and I know that anything an adult tells you is good must automatically suck. Nevertheless, I'm going to ask you to trust me on this one and give it a fair shake. There's a lot to learn from this book, and it'll stick with you for years.    If you haven't read this one since high school - read it again. It's far better than you remember.    --------------------------------------------------------  \\"The one thing that doesn't abide by majority rule is a person's conscience.\\"  - Atticus Finch, To Kill a Mockingbird  --------------------------------------------------------
0890090572|5.0|The original format, type and illustrated drawings were something unique.  Seeing it in it's original format gives you a flavor for the original readings when done by Arthur Conan Doyle for the Strand Magazine. Being a devoted Sherlock Holmes fan I found them very interesting.  The price was very reasonable.
B00445JSWS|3.0|If you are a Depeche Mode freak, super fan...get this.  You know you want to.  But if you own any of the previous 3 DM DVD releases, this is just way to similar.  Of course the band is going to showcase songs from it's most recent albums.  But as a DM fan since '87, even I am getting tired of hearing the same songs done over and over.  \\"Enjoy the Silence\\", \\"Behind The Wheel\\", \\"Question of Time\\", and \\"It's No Good\\" among a few others are performed concert after concert with little to no difference than the previous one.  Let's give them a rest on the next tour please.  With a back catalog such as DM's, there should be no trouble blowing the dust off some other gems...\\"Dangerous\\", \\"Halo\\", \\"But Not Tonight\\", \\"Sacred\\", \\"Blasphemous Rumors\\"....I would love to hear new interpretations of these songs.  Long story short, with the exception of the 6-8 songs from \\"Sounds of the Universe\\", the rest of the DVD features songs that have been done many, many times before, that you have heard on other DVD's fairly recently.  Finally, the quality, mixing, and presentation is top notch.  There is a quickie documentary of backstage life with the band that is interesting, and was the best part of the product for me, since I was a little underwhelmed with the tour show itself.
B002G1YPH0|4.0|As others have reviewed, this is a great cooler. Overclockers will find some love in it. After installing it, my CPU stays nice n cool. So much so that I've never yet seen temps heat up enough for the fan to spin up over 600rpm even after some clocking to my Phenom 945.<br /><br />But that is also in where lies an issue I found. When setting up, my board has an auto fan speed feature, yeah basic stuff, but sometimes I actually have to physically get the blades spinning before it trips on. The RPM starts only around 300. Usually this happens on cold boots. I'll see the blades attempting to spin but they just sit there. Starting the fan classic WWI biplane style seems to get it running but this really shouldn't happen. I'd likely see about getting an RMA however I don't want to remove the heatsink to do it. That would be the other issue, installation takes time and yes the smaller paper manual isn't super helpful. Best advice on installing this for others is to take a moment and work out how it should fit in before you start taking things apart. When you grasp the concept of what CM is doing with this cooler, then the manual makes some sense.
B0045LSIRM|5.0|I recently had the good fortune to see Bryan Adams on his Bare Bones tour and it was hands-down the best concert I have ever been to. This CD contains pretty much everything from the concert. It's an intimate view of his music- him singing and playing his guitar, with a piano player for accompanyment.  It is an awesome CD and I highly recommend it.  Especially if you've been to a concert on this tour, feels like I'm sitting in the theater all over again!
0545128285|4.0|Although it's nothing compared to the HP books, it's very interesting for big HP fans. But if you're not into Harry Potter, this book will most likely be boring and uninteresting for you. Fun to read the short stories and actually read all the tales that the HP characters talk about in the book. I'd say this buy is definitely worth it.
0812550757|1.0|Speaker for the Dead, as well as every sequel to Ender's Game, is not worth reading.  There is very little of the interesting, strange thought process that made Ender's Game excellent, and there is none of the military strategy.  If you liked the military strategy, you won't find it in any of Orson Scott Card's sequels.  You might as well just read a non-fiction book, such as Victory and Deceit, by Dunnigan and Nofi.
B001T3RA8M|5.0|\\"Sabriel\\" by Garth Nix is a unique and memorable fantasy. For those of you who feel that dragons, unicorns, and bards are a bit overdone nowadays, this fantasy offers up a heroine who binds the dead with a bandolier of bells. The Geography of Death is lovingly delineated, from the prologue where Sabriel is born and dies and is rescued from the First Gate of Death by her father, to the book's final quarter where Sabriel rescues her father from the Fourth Gate of Death. Unlike Dante's Inferno, Death in this fantasy is a river, a waterfall, pools of black water, strange currents that suck the spirit from the flesh.<br /><br />Sabriel herself is an English schoolgirl, recently graduated from Wyverley Academy with a \\"first in English, equal first in Music, third in Mathematics, seventh in Science, second in Fighting Arts and fourth in Etiquette. She had also been a runaway first in Magic..\\"<br /><br />A visitation from the Dead sends Sabriel on a quest through the magical Old Kingdom, in order to reunite her father's body with his spirit which is trapped within the Fourth Gate of Death. She has to do battle with a really nasty necromancer-Adept, and rescue a prince who is a bit of a figurehead at first but who finally develops into a memorable character in his own right. Sabriel is both helped and hindered by a very non-cuddly cat named Mogget.<br /><br />\\"Sabriel\\" was first published in 1995, and there are two sequels now: \\"Lirael,\\" and \\"Abhorsen.\\" By all means, read this trilogy if you love good fantasy.
0393327655|4.0|This is a wonderful honest, moral and insightful book!! The commonsense and coherent approach on the pointless stupidity of faith makes a truly mesmerising reading experience. The author's bravery for penning what many of us merely think is highly condonable. Once you have read the book, you'll feel like buying a few more copies for your friends. Spread the good news folks!!
031603438X|5.0|I don't know if you're like me, but I get really tired of reading these reviews by people who love to see their own words, and fancy themselves as a pseudo-professional.  I'll try to tell you what I think you should know.  If you like biography, and you find Keith Richards interesting, you will love this book.  It's all here.  Salacious goodies, an education on the guitar, personalities galore, and as an added bonus, it is extremely well written.  The very first chapter alone is worth the price of the book.  Hang on, it's a great ride!!
B001OQCV2E|5.0|Look, there's absolutely *no* logical reason to watch 2012 because of the storyline- this film is entirely about dazzling viewers with current Hollywood technology.  Obviously it makes zero sense that a man and his family would somehow be able to swerve around *every single obstacle* throughout the dangerous streets of Los Angeles including falling buildings and collapsing roads, and obviously it's impossible to believe an airplane would be able to get off the ground literally seconds before the runway collapses into dust and lava, thereby saving all the main characters from instant disaster.      Obviously the storyline is completely predictable and contrived because it centers around a typical father attempting to save his ex-wife and kids from a series of earthquakes taking place around North America.  Yes that's right- EX-wife.  This means there's two fathers in the storyline, and of course, the wife and ex-husband occasionally fight.  You already knew that though, because I said \\"ex-wife\\".  Yes this is basically the most predictable film ever and perfectly ripe and ready for insults except...    caring about the special effects above everything else is *definitely* the way to approach it.  It's just a shame the final 45 minutes of film were pretty disappointing involving a mediocre underwater adventure.  You don't go from earthquakes and volcanoes to... being trapped in water for an unnecessarily long period of time.    Also, ignore that one segment showing a little cartoon illustrating how the world might end by the end of next year.  It's good not to pay any attention to that kind of stuff.
B001FB4W0C|5.0|I bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas. The price was great and she loved it. You got it to me in a very timely matter and I was very happy in the way it was shipped. As a matter of fact, I ordered the 5th season of the show for her. Thank you for the very good service you provide.
B000002IO1|3.0|Item arrived quickly.  Was a used CD, so the product is not perfect, but it shows the wonderful style and voice of the artist.  The song I really wanted is in good shape.  I am satisfied.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|The Hungar Games grabs the readers attention from page one. From heart-felt moments to brutal fight scenes, this novel is a page turner, you cant put the book down!
6304806418|5.0|Special movie based on true story about a normal girl who wanted to be a super star but she became finally one of the VIP. This movie is best picture and best story dont miss watching it
B001DJLCRC|5.0|After feeling lost since our favorite series \\"Six Feet Under\\" was finished it's been like 'blah' for everything since. Until \\"Breaking Bad\\" came along!!! This is a wonderfully fun and engaging series with a great story and wonderful twists. Also expertly filmed and directed!    One of those shows you can't wait to see what happens next!
0316069485|2.0|I wonder why Michael Connolly wrote this book. There was not an ounce of suspense. I knew the end at the beginning, and just watched it play out. I have read every Harry Bosch book, and there's usually a certain amount of joy to reuniting with that character and the people in his orbit, but this time, the only interesting part of the book was learning about the physical construction of Santa Monica Pier and its underside.    I read these police procedurals as a means of paying an armchair visit to Los Angeles, and my favorite place in LA is the beach in Santa Monica, so it could hardly have been better from that perspective, but I need a story, too.    I hope Mickey Haller won't be back in the next Harry Bosch book. It's not _utterly_ confounding, switching between first person and omniscient third person narrative style from chapter to chapter, but it sure didn't do much for the storytelling in THE REVERSAL. Between the double narrative and the truly absent suspense, I wonder why someone didn't tell Connolly THE REVERSAL just didn't measure up to the rest of the Harry Bosch series. Someone (friends, agent, editor?) should have called for a reversal of publishing this book.    I'll read Connolly's next book, but I'm looking to Season 3 of SouthLAnd for my big LA fix in Twenty-Eleven.
B002JVWR9U|5.0|Awesome show that came with an awesome price! Thank you Amazon. I look forward to buying season 2 at an equally awesome price.
1400052173|5.0|I like to read a book taking days to do so, I read a chapter or two then would put it down till the next day, but not this book! I read it in two days, I would try to put it down but I just wanted more and more, my mind thought about it all the time.  I am not much of a science person myself so I related to the family in many ways on not understanding the science behind the HELA, by the end of the book I was understanding more, I loved the personal story behind the cells that have saved so many life's, it is true to say this book made me feel so many different things, I feel Henrietta's cells did such great things for our world and I know that as a person she would great to helping so many people, but at the same time I feel science went about getting her cells the wrong way and for companies to be making so much money off of her cells while her children suffer with their own medical problems they can't afford to see a doctor for is wrong in so many ways, its a debate I am sure will live on forever along with HELA.   Thanks for writing a book that I did not want to put down and showing us the beautiful woman named Henrietta who I am sure I and a lot of my family is alive because.
B004HFON7K|4.0|As a fan of the TV series I really enjoyed the movie.  All the characters were good with the exception of Murdoc.  I laughed out loud during several scenes.  The finale was pretty hard to believe, but if you can overlook that it was a lot of fun.
B002ZG98UA|3.0|I watched the Trilogy and thought this would be a nice addition.  It's pretty much the same exact thing, nothing really new.  Graphics are a little better and I get to watch it on my 13 foot dvd screen so that is cool, but there is nothing really new with this one.  Still worth a watch I guess.    Edit:  I'm writing this edit after I saw the end.  The end was pretty good, just like in the other movies.  Again, it hints that there's gonna be a sequel to this one.  I am kind of suprised that they made this many Resident Evil movies.  I know they made a ton of the games, but I didn't think the movies were as popular as the games.  Nonetheless, I still think the Trilogy shines way more than this movie does.  I think this one was cool because it was in 3-d and it would have been really scary to watch some of the parts in 3-d as you know which parts they were.  Either way the movie is evil like the other ones.  I still like the Trilogy best.
B001KVZ6ES|5.0|Some people make their living providing much better movie reviews than I can.    I'll just say that if you like a good dose of vigilante justice with a redemptive subplot, you'll like this movie.
0439023491|5.0|I got hooked onto the Hunger Game series by my school librarian. When I finished Hunger Games I was so eager for Gathering Fire that I had pre-ordered it. This book was beyond my expectations. This book is a bit of a tear jerker.
6304698526|1.0|I purchased Bullitt on Blu-ray and my player wouldn't even acknowledge there was a disc in it.  HP confirmed all was well with my new Pavilion computer and its Blu-ray software.  This was my first and only foray into Blu-ray.  Needless to say, I've gone back to the standard DVD format.
B001VPJZJU|4.0|the ending.now i can see how some people were put off by death not being in a crippled mangled body because of the car accident.however the movie is about death taking over someone`s body which is a far fetched concept it self.maybe he can heal who knows.this lightly put me off but it wasn`t to huge to not go\\"o.k. whatever\\" to me.to me the worst thing about this movie was something that kinda of couldn`t be avoided because of the design of the movie.and that is the original guy coming back after death leaves.this is just cheesy.1.death has been in his body for awhile.so his life resumes at a black tie affair and they just walk off together.2.she had a nice conversation with pre death brad in the cafe,she fell in love with death.looks the same played by the same actor 2 completly diffrent characters.i doubt anyone who enjoyed the movie really gave a crap about cafe guy or(pre death brad).3.shouldn`t susan have been more concerned with getting to her dads dead body since she obviously knew what was going on at this point.4 and when she told cafe brad about her dad in the past tense i hated it because it was good enough that they hinted that she knew.then she out right says it.with that do one or the other.either just let us out right know that she knows.or let us know she knows with out saying she knows(which i did like).the best endin probaly woulda been joe and bill walking over the hill,cut to a far shot of the crowd with the fire works going off and the music playing.having said all that,this was an excellent movie about life and what ends up being really important to not just from bills perspective but joes as well.joe`s side shows people the little things they take for granted everyday.kinda a one mans trash is another mans treasure.joe was real powerful but child like and enjoyed certain things in the way a child would.which is what we should all do.not act like a child but that simplistic love that children have for things.
B0044XV3R8|3.0|I really thought I would like this movie.  All the reviews said it was great and it made so much money that I thought it would be one of the best movies of all time.  I rented this and was blown away by how visually stunning it was.  I mean the special effects in it were terrific.  However beyond that, there isn't much else to reccomend.    The story is cliched and it gets so preachy about how humans are destroying their planet in the pursuit of technology (ironically without this technology, the movie wouldn't have been able to be made).  Plus there are two major plot holes.  One being why the lead is sent out into the field without much training, especially considering the cost of the avatar.  The other being why the Pandorans teach him their ways and secrets when they know the avatar is nothing but a shell and he's really not one of them.    Overall an overrated movie.
B00275EHJG|5.0|This is my favorite Toy Story movie and I am 25 :)<br />I just bought this for my 3yr. old who is a big Jessie fan.<br />My 6yr old tell's me that this one is the scariest one but she still watches it with us.<br />I like the little Aliens very cute :()
B0029RQE84|1.0|I like soft rock and Dire Straights is great, recently saw Mark in concert and he was fantastic, I don't know why he made this cd.  Sorry Mark, please don't do this again.
B001EN71CW|5.0|The Firefly series is great no matter the format, but the Blu-ray edition provides an incredible visual experience. If you are a fan, the Blu-ray is worth it.  If you are new to the series, it is worth the venture.  The futuristic setting ingeniously intertwines the Wild West, heroic outlaws and all, with the technology and advancements one would expect to find in a science fiction series.  The characters have depth, and the plots of individual episodes seem woven seamlessly together.  It's a shame the series was cut short.  If you like the series, be sure to catch the film that followed it,[[ASIN:B001KOFH2G Serenity [Blu-ray]].
B003XWEQ1G|5.0|Ive been a big Robin Hood fan most of my life and this movie throws a different perspective than any other ones I have seen. The action was great and it leads up to maybe there will be a sequal. Russel Crowe did an outstanding job on this show. It's worth watching.
0060797509|5.0|I started reading these when I was 9. The TV series made the books even more popular, however, the TV series goes off on its own and sometimes has NOTHING to do with the original book series penned by Laura Ingals Wilder, which is why I sometimes have a problem with the TV series. Hollywood tends to glorify and romanticize the books they base their shows on and tends to veer from the original story. Before the books I wasn't even sure if the Little House stories were real and I think a lot of people didn't think so either.<br />  Laura rightfully deserves all the credit for the series. I think some people think Michael Landon did the whole series but it is really Laura's. Don't get me wrong, I loved Michael Landon, however, I have a problem when people don't give credit where credit is due and I wonder if Laura would object to some of the TV episodes...not that they are awful, its just that I think when they stray from fact to fiction it is tampering with history and classics. I think if they weren't going to follow the books, they should have called the TV series something different other than Laura's Little House. No doubt it had lots of people confused.<br />  I love Garth Williams' illustrations, I hope they never change Laura's writings or his illustrations. Never change the cover illustrations by Williams, either. No one else can do the Ingalls and Wilders justice!!<br />  Also I love Pa's stories. This book is jam-packed full of charm and excitement.
B003EYVXTG|5.0|This movie was absolutely riviting from beginning to end.  And satisfying.  And meaningful.  And engrossing!  It's near perfect in all respects: story, direction, acting, sets, everything.  Wow!  Congratulations to all the artists who made this pure diamond.  It should win best picture in a walk. I've definitely seen nothing to compare with it in the last ten years.
0316069485|2.0|I have always enjoyed Michael Connelly but -- having put a great plot together -- he manages to disappoint with a very poor conclusion. He just didn't seem to know what to do!! It was all too far-fetched!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Such a beautiful movie.
031603438X|5.0|I received Keith Richards' Life for Christmas and finished reading it by New Year's Eve. I have insomnia, and to get back to sleep I read something interesting enough to get my mind off my worries. But Richards' book was a bit too stimulating: I'd end up reading long into the night. I told my poor boyfriend that, during the week I was reading this book, I spent more time awake in bed with Keith Richards than with him! Then when I'd finally fall asleep, my dreams would be narrated in his \\"voice.\\" The book has strong narrative flow.    I love the variety of rhetorical styles in Life. Richards describes his childhood in the style of Charles Dickens, and even makes reference to him. The summaries at the beginning of each chapter are reminiscent of those of 17th-century novels. I kept thinking of Jack Kerouac's On the Road during the scenes describing his early touring/drugging years in America. In some scenes he provides not only dialog but also stage directions, giving them a theatrical feel. He includes interview responses from friends, letters he's written to family members, passages from his old notebooks, lines from songs he's written, and the recipe for a dish he commonly makes. This variety gives the book a satisfying texture. I don't know what James Fox's contributions to the book are, but the flow and the literary and historical tendencies feel like Keith Richards. I'm not surprised to find flow in a book written by The Human Riff.     In addition to the style of writing, I found the content stimulating. I had heard many of the stories before, but I appreciate how, in this book, Richards went deeper into the relevance and meaning of the particular stories. For example, I had read many times about screaming teenaged girls chasing and sometimes injuring him. But in Life, he speculates on why the girls were behaving the way they were; he puts the events into historical and sociological contexts. He devotes many pages to his drug use, which is not normally an interesting topic to me, but he delves into what the drugs did for him and how they impacted his music and relationships, which I found satisfying. I also found what I was most seeking in this book: insight into his and Mick Jagger's creative process.    There has been much talk of Keith Richards' harsh criticisms of Brian Jones and Mick Jagger. But he only spends a page or so criticizing Jones and one chapter on Jagger. And while it's true that the criticisms do come across as harsh, Richards also admits to his contributions to their conflicts, and says how he felt and what needs he had that he wished they had been able to meet. His taking responsibility for his feelings in these moments lends credibility to these passages and to what would otherwise seem outlandish anecdotes throughout the book.     The anecdotes of more recent years remind me that this legend-in-his-own-time is also salt of the earth. The final chapter had me laughing, and while it instilled a 3:00 am craving in me for Sheppard's pie, the final paragraph, which moved me deeply, satisfied me emotionally and aesthetically. This memoir of an old blues man is an important historical and literary work.
B003JSSPSY|5.0|Thanks, Amazon! I received the product before then i expected in perfect conditions!I already knew the series before i bought the box. But i have to say that the Bridget Regan's acting skills are wonderful. I recomend this epic and lovely story for everybody.
B0021L8V0W|4.0|The film definitely wants a part 2.  Salt is total action and the special effects are done very well to keep your attention throughout the movie.    I'm only disappointed that my blu ray disc is more the quality of dvd rather than high definition.
B00002N9ER|4.0|Thought they would scratch the maglite, but it works great. Tough little suckers, maglite can be yanked and it still sticks in the wall. Thanks
1592402038|5.0|I love the dry humor that the author uses in a very direct and blunt way to address the issues at hand ! - just started reading it, so for now that's all the I can really say about it. I'll probably come back and say some more at a later date. but yes, definitely a must-buy! :D
B000002USN|5.0|Love to pop it in on a gorgeous sunny day of sailing!!!  Get's everybody in a party mood for when we drop anchor!!
B000065M09|4.0|This album, GNR's second album, is actually half new material, half a rerelease of their deput EP Live Like A Suicide. The songs from the EP are basic GNR songs, one of them is an Aerosmith cover, and the new material is very good. Overall it is a solid album, and anyone who's a GNR fan with defenitely like it.
0385341008|5.0|This is a charming, thoughtful and imminently readable book.  Through a series of letters written immediately following World War II, this novel describes the Nazi occupation of the English island of Guernsey, and its aftermath.  The letters are mostly from, to or involve Juliet Ashton, a writer, who is drawn to the story, the island and its people.<br /><br />I found that this book worked on many different levels, including the following:<br /><br />1.  I have never read an epistolary novel but I found the letters to be a particularly effective way to tell the story.  Through the individual voices of the characters, the letters conveyed a tremendous amount of information, not only about plot development but also of a historical nature regarding the war.  Moreover, the letters permitted each character to speak in his or her own voice, revealing their particular wants, needs, attitude, etc. more effectively than could have been done through a pure narrative.<br /><br />2.  The characters (most particularly, the citizens of Guernsey) were charming and  colorful.  At times, I felt that the writer conveyed a patronizing view of the honorable simple local folk (\\"noble savages\\" comes to mind), but given all of the other positives of this novel, I am happy to look past that.<br /><br /> 3.  The description of the Nazi occupation felt historically accurate and fair.  While the author shared much of the Nazi horrors, she also conveyed the basic humanity of some of their members. Again, that felt even handed.<br /><br />4.  Against the backdrop of the War, the author describes the heroism and ideals of Elizabeth McKenna, the moral center of the story.<br /><br />5.  The novel contains a \\"love story,\\" perhaps not the strength of the story, but a not unpleasant sidelight.<br /><br />6.  Finally, as the name of the book suggests, the book describes the power of books to teach, to heal and to bring people together--a theme one would expect to be attractive to a reader of this review.<br /><br /> All in all, a pleasant and informative read that I would strongly recommend.read that I would strongly recommend.
B00008V6WA|5.0|What a fantastic album! Any metalhead will love this album. Not only one of Black Sabbath's best albums, but one the greatest examples of early metal. All the songs are as heavy as you can humaly get, and they're all good songs. If your're a Black Sabbath fan or just getting into metal itself, this is one of the first albums you should buy.
B001YV506S|4.0|I am happy with this movie. I also have \\"Hidalgo\\" and I consider these movies of comparable quality (if you like one, you will probably like the other).    The only minor complaint that I have is when the \\"Start Movie\\" button is pushed, there is distortion that sounds like a photon torpedo from StarTrek (does not match the quality of the rest of the movie). I will keep the movie despite this minor glitch.
0375507256|4.0|I came late to this party, after enjoying Jacob de Zoet. Overall, this was a challenging but very enjoyable book, and it's hard to add much to several years' of commentaries.  Certainly the writing is excellent and Mitchell explores important themes:  Our relationship to the past (and future) and how our perception of history is potentially at odds with the \\"actual past.\\" How people treat other people, both individually and as groups.   My quibbles:  As many have said, it is not the easiest to read, given the ambitious structure and narrative, which add some constraints making it even harder.  Although the author cleverly matches the narrative form and language to the historical times (diaries, letters, noir fiction, etc.), he has to tell the most future section in a pidgin-ish oral narrative which can be hard to follow, detracting from the story being told, IMO.  The prior section involves a bunch of neologisms, not hard to understand, but again, they can be distractions as you pause to think what they mean, rather than let the narrative flow.   The relationships between one story and the next can seem rather forced, but I guess that's necessary once you've set out on such a structure.  Although much in the book is left unexplained, every once in a while you get hit over the head with explicit (but well written) commentary.  No explanation of just how our planet arrived at the near-future dystopia, but explanation of how it got from there to the farther and much worse future.  The birthmark motif is thrown out there like a piece of cosmic mysticism for the reader to figure out, yet the doomed physicist Sachs write about how we link the past and future through our histories, as well as how time (and this book) is \\"an infinite matryoshka doll\\", and the composer Frobisher explains his masterpiece (and this book) as a \\"sextet of overlapping soloists,\\" etc.  And while I enjoyed those explanations (especially the self-referential question, \\"Revolutionary or gimmicky?\\"),I found the ending commentary too preachy.  The point was made in the stories being told, and perhaps overly so in the last section (that story's been told thousands of times), and didn't need to be made as if from a pulpit.
B0040JHXTI|5.0|This was a special Christmas gift for my daughter. She was thrilled with it which made me very happy too. A GREAT package!
B002ZHKZEM|5.0|If you're new to Doctor Who, please don't begin your adventure with this set. Get the complete seasons 1-4, and enjoy them thoroughly first. These final episodes with David Tennant are a thrilling and emotionally satisfying conclusion for a terrific character. Great fun for the whole family.
B003VS0CXS|5.0|beautiful on blu ray.  nice to have the dvd too to watch in my room.  love dick van dyke and his interview.  haven't watched all the extras yet but love extras
1401323952|5.0|I BROUGHT THIS FOR HY DAUGHTER IN LAW IT ARRIVED IN TIME FOR CHRISTMAS THE POSTAGE TO SINGAPORE WAS VERY GOOD AND SHE LOVED THE BOOK WILL BE USING THIS SERVICE AGAIN CHEEPER THAN POSTING FROM ENGLAND
B002NNA9N0|1.0|I rented this movie based on the Amazon recommendation because I liked the movie Boiler Room.  I thought this movie would be good because it dealt with real estate.  The whole movie revolves around struggling real estate investment salesman who work for a company that sells the real estate investments.  About 80% of the movie takes place in the company office and they talk back and forth about how to sell to customers and making commissions.  I would much rather watch Wall Street and Boiler Room than this boring movie...avoid.  I wrote this review while the movie was streaming (via Amazon Video on Demand) because I was extremely bored and disappointed by this movie.
0812979656|2.0|Part of my reason for reading this book was because I was heading to India, and part of the reason was because it was the 1997 winner of the Booker Prize.  I had never read a Booker Prize winner before, and while I know that winning literary awards does not guarantee a meaningful, profound, or enjoyable reading experience for everyone, I figured I had to give it a shot.  My impression?  Mixed.  Roy's novel concerns three generations of a semi-prosperous Kerala family living in Ayemenem.  Though the chronology shifts frequently as the story moves back and forth tracing events in one or another character's life,  everything pivots around traumatic events that occurred when the fraternal twins Rahel and Estha were seven years old and their half-English cousin Sophie came to visit.  We learn very early in the novel that Sophie died during this visit, but it is only as the novel develops, and particularly at the end, that we learn how she died, and the ramifications of that death for people inside and outside the family for years to come.  The story, though grim and at times graphic, has a certain power in its depiction of the way in which one or two events can become linked with explosive results.  Roy was apparently criticized by some in India for her subject matter (which includes inter-caste love), and by some in the UK and elsewhere for writing a book not worthy of the prize--though the latter criticism sounds like literary snobbery more than anything else.  At its best, Roy's writing is moving and evocative of emotions and locations.  But it was the writing more than the story that left me deeply dissatisfied.  These judgments are completely subjective, of course, and one person's silliness is another person's \\"inventiveness.\\"  For me, Roy often seems more taken with the cleverness of her writing than with the story itself, and when she discovers a new turn of phrase she tends to use it to the point of annoyance.  Some of her word play left me baffled--not becauseI didn't understand it, but because I didn't understand why she was so taken with it.  Whatever happened to the value of clarity over cleverness?  And by clarity I do not mean simplicity.  Not at all.  But there are authors who manage to write emotionally and thematically complex novels with detailed plots, but with a style that doesn't call attention to itself.  So while Roy got many literary points with certain people for her word play, I won't be rushing to buy another of her books even though I found the story in this one interesting and some of the writing was compelling.  Maybe I'm being a bit rough on the book by giving it only two stars, but my expectations were much higher.  If this is the best novel written that year in the entire Commonwealth, perhaps it wasn't such a good year for literature.
0307272702|5.0|The mainstream diet advice of \\"eat less and exercise more\\" simply doesn't work, and this book does an excellent job of explaining why. When you gain weight, the real problem is that your metabolism is not working the way it should, and exercise and fewer calories won't help it get back in balance. If you follow the more-exercise-less-food path, your weight is loss is limited, the process is painful, and any lost fat comes back very quickly.    Gary does a great job of explaining the science behind this, and how scientific research supports the idea that fat gain is due to metabolic dysregulation. He goes through the history of how we got where we are, and the shocking lack of evidence for mainstream diet advice.    For most people, the underlying problem for weight gain is high blood sugar and insulin resistance in non-fat cells. This causes your fat cells to absorb more nutrients than other cells, and you get fatter.    Gary talks about the basic solution to weight gain, which is not to eat starches or sugar, and why this works: it lowers blood sugar and allows your fat cells to give up their stored fat and shrink down.    While I enjoyed the book, I was disappointed by the explanation about why our metabolism gets out of balance in the first place. Gary says that it is due to high insulin levels over time; that fructose from sugar, high-fructose corn syrup, and fruit exacerbates the problem; and also says that when healthy native populations start eating wheat flour and sugar they get obesity, diabetes, heart attacks, all the diseases of Western civilization. But there is no discussion of what the mechanisms might be.    My take on it is as follows.    It seems unlikely that high insulin itself is the problem, because there are populations eating very high carbohydrate diets (non-wheat-based) who are very healthy on a long-term multi-generational basis. Also, protein triggers higher insulin levels than carbohydrates alone. Finally, when the signs of insulin resistance first show up, the pancreas is severely compromised, with a high percentage of its beta cells unable to produce insulin. So the insulin resistance and weight gain typically happen after the pancreas is already damanged.    One plausible theory is that an auto-immune response to wheat causes pancreatic beta cells to die off, leading to higher blood sugar through increased glucacon signaling from the pancreatic alpha cells that remain alive and uncoupled, and that this leads to insulin resistance and weight gain. This would explain why wheat flour affects native populations when they start eating it, and also explains the genetic component, as some people would be more likely to develop an auto-immune problem than others.     Fructose is known to increase inflammation, and could be directly responsible for insulin resistance and certainly contributes to it. Dr Johnson in The Sugar Fix recommends not eating more than 25 grams/day of fructose from all sources, including the fructose half of table sugar.    High omega-6 diets increase inflammation and increase the risk of auto-immune diseases, cancer, etc. so could also be a factor in damaging the pancreas.    Another idea is that poor nutrition, e.g. not enough vitamins and minerals, contributes to inflammation and damage to the pancreas. Because flour and sugar have minimal vitamins and minerals compared to what they displace, this could be a factor in all explanations.    So, while I would have liked Gary to explore this in more detail, the book is still excellent and very helpful in getting us onto a better track.
B002436WFI|4.0|Simply put, this is a great way for a family to share some time together... or (like me) to indulge your inner child.     Chock full of great characters, solid acting, surprisingly abundant and well executed special effects. If you are a fan of tongue-in-cheek fantasy you will certainly enjoy \\"The Color of Magic\\". Personally, I love British shows of this type and would place this one in my top twenty. While I HIGHLY recommend \\"Hogfather\\" (the first Terry Pratchet adaptation), not every effort can be a home run. The \\"Color of Magic\\" earns a simple 'recommended' from me only because the story doesn't pull me in quite as effectively on screen as it does in print.    The product itself is well made, though devoid of options or extras. Played through my PS3, both sound and video come through beautifully. I suppose that the simplest way to sum it up is to say... I can't wait for another one!
B003P2WO5E|5.0|I really enjoyed reading Sanderson's Mistborn series but I beleive this Stormlight Archive series will be even better.  There are a few sections that did not add much to the story/plot and probably could have been left out in order to condense the book to about 750-800 pages.  However, the \\"extra fluff\\" so to speak did not take away from the fact this first book is one of the best fantasy novels I have read in a long time.  Sanderson done an excellent job of crafting both the main/primary and secondary characters and there was very few I did not like whether they were heroes or villians.  The only negative is having to wait for the next book in the series.
B002OOG6RQ|3.0|I bought the CD and heard it several times. It has pretty cool riifs and drumming. But after listening to it several times it gets boring easily. (Unless you speak German) You have no idea what they are saying and are lost in the lyrics so you get bored out after the second run through. Its only the cool riffs and drum beats that keeps it interesting.
B000BI0WOA|5.0|I'd never heard Dire Straits but enjoy Mark Knofler's guitar playing so decided to try the CD and was very pleased that I had done so.
B003YBNRHU|5.0|First off, I have NEVER been a fan of the Doobie Brothers until now. In fact, they were one of the few groups that I would not even accept free concert tickets for. Back in the seventies, I simply could not understand why so many people loved this band, because I hated songs like China Grove and Listen To The Music.  Well, they were going to be headlining a 2010 festival that I was going to be attending, so I listened to some sound clips from this one and liked what I heard. Well, the concert just totally blew me away, so I bought this CD from their merchandise booth a few months ago. It has turned out to be my favorite release of any artist for all of 2010. I would categorize it as \\"feel good\\" music with lots of variation in styles, which makes it never boring. I especially like \\"A Brighter Day\\", \\"Old Juarez\\", \\"I Know We Won\\" and the bonus track \\"New York Dream\\". There is really not one bad cut on here. For those of you looking for the old Doobies sound, you may be disappointed. They have basically taken their vast array of musical influences and talents and reinvented themselves. There is definitely no nostalgia or repeat feel to this one. If that were the case, I would not be raving about this one. Since buying this one, I ordered Vices and Wolftrap to complete my collection of three Doobies releases. I look forward to their next release!
0399215921|4.0|The book is a good read. I like the simple story line which is easy for my son to follow. I am disappointed that the book was smaller than I expected.
B002VWNIAY|5.0|CASABLANCA comes in at Number Two consistently in any list of the \\"100 Greatest Movies of All Time,\\" usually tailing CITIZEN KANE.  I've seen both. CITIZEN KANE has an indefinable air of confidence in itself that makes it \\"greater,\\" but in terms of entertainment value, CITIZEN KANE is relegated to film school classes while CASABLANCA belongs to the viewer.<br /><br />CASABLANCA is so full of gifted dialogue that people who have never seen the film know it's lines . . . \\"You must remember this,\\" the opening line of the theme song, \\"As Time Goes By,\\" \\"Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship,\\" \\"We'll always have Paris,\\" \\"Here's looking at you, Kid,\\" \\"Of all the gin joints in all the world, she walks into mine,\\" and \\"Round up the usual suspects\\" are cultural markers. Even the scat dialogue, \\"Play it again, Sam\\" was the title of a Woody Allen homage to CASABLANCA; that line is never spoken in CASABLANCA itself. The nearest line is, \\"Play it, Sam, for old times' sake.\\"<br /><br />So much of CASABLANCA is in the casting. Many of the extras and repetoire players were in fact refugees from Hitler's Europe. Humphrey Bogart is the lead, ruggedly, though not impossibly handsome, while his love interest, played by Ingrid Bergman,  has inspired me to sit my son down in front of the screen with the explanation, \\"That's a GIRL.\\" Claude Rains plays the witty, amoral Captain Louis Renault with a gleam in his eye. Sidney Greenstreet, \\"leader of all illegal activities in Casablanca, an influential and respected man\\" makes suggestions, \\"why I do not know, since it cannot possibly profit me.\\"<br /><br />In the days CASABLANCA was made, lower-budget films were churned out weekly by the studios, in reliance on stock characters, a stable of contract character actors, and quick-drawn scripts. This film has a natural chemistry---not a scene unneeded, a line unnecessary---that lifted it above its origins.  There are other similar films of the period with essentially the same cast. None of them is CASABLANCA.<br /><br />If you've never seen CASABLANCA, SEE IT. You are missing one of life's great pleasures and treasures. For those of you who haven't, it is the story of Rick Blaine, an American expatriate living in Casablanca at the end of 1941. He owns Rick's Cafe Americain, a classy nightclub where the denizens of wartime Casablanca---Arabs, Frenchmen, Nazi soldiers, spies, smugglers, thieves, Resistance Fighters, war refugees, and the merely unanchored---congregate nightly in order to conduct what business they can.  Although once a supporter of humanitarian causes, Blaine is now hopelessly cynical, and sticks his neck out for nobody.<br /><br />This \\"wise foreign policy\\" begins to unravel, when the black marketeer, Signor Ugarte (Peter Lorre) is arrested in the cafe for murder. What no one but Rick knows is that Ugarte has obtained two laissez-passer from his victims, exit visas he is planning to sell \\"for more money than you can possibly even imagine\\" to the Freedom Fighter Viktor Laszlo (Paul Henreid) and his wife.<br /><br />The plot thickens when the Laszlos arrive. Ugarte has left the passes in Rick's possession, but Rick has no intention of selling them, once he discovers that Mrs. Laszlo is the love of his life, Ilsa Lund. Rick and Ilsa met and fell deeply in love in Paris. It had been their plan to flee ahead of the Germans and marry once in a safe haven, but Ilsa chose to leave Rick at the last moment without any explanation.<br /><br />Rick's cynicism hardens into pure jadedness. Although he is aware that Laszlo is a great leader of the anti-Nazi underground, and though he knows that Laszlo will probably be killed unless he is helped to escape, Rick refuses any entreaties from Laszlo. Only Ilsa's loving heart saves his spirit; and renewed, he sends Viktor and Ilsa safely on to America.<br /><br />CASABLANCA is a true romance. From Laszlo's line to the German Kommandant, \\"You'll forgive me if I'm not gracious,\\" to Ilsa'stearful explanation of her decision to leave Rick for his own safety, people simply never talked that way, nor acted that way in real life. They never stood on the airport tarmac in the fog saying noble things as they bid farewell forever. But there is something so glorious in the film that we wish we could be Rick and Ilsa. CASABLANCA is its audience, perfected.own safety, people simply never talked that way, nor acted that way in real life. They never stood on the airport tarmac in the fog saying noble things as they bid farewell forever. But there is something so glorious in the film that we wish we could be Rick and Ilsa. CASABLANCA is its audience, perfected.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I read this novel in two sittings. I would have liked to finish it in one sitting, but the book left me emotionally drained a little more than half-way through and I needed rest. I am not a fan of gore or violence, but Suzanne Collins tells the story of Katniss and the hunger games in a way that is felt so poignantly due to the accuracy with which she pens the interactions, real and perceived, of the characters. The story had the feel of an adult version of Lois Lowry's \\"The Giver,\\" but closer resembles an American remake of the erie Japanese film \\"Battle Royale\\" (which I'm sure is a remake of another, older, story--possibly \\"The Most Dangerous Game,\\" or something similar from Japanese literature). The story may be partially recycled, but all modern stories are. There are, however, plenty of original elements that keep the story true to itself.     In the end I rate the novel 5/5 stars without hesitation and will be recommending this read to everyone I know who appreciates a well-written piece of art.
B00003CXCT|4.0|This is just an alert since there seems to be some confusion about a trilogy release with the original unaltered versions along with the special editions vs a trilogy set that only contains the special editions and no copies of the original unaltered versions.  The reviews for both sets are merged together... that is why you are seeing people claim that it has the original unaltered versions, and people complaining they do not. THIS set that I specifically clicked on to make this comment on is on the 2004 release which DOES NOT CONTAIN THE ORIGINAL UNALTERED VERSIONS. The box image is silver and has Darth Vader's mask on the box. This set ONLY contains the SE along with a 4th bonus disc of making of features and trailers and a sneak peak at episode III. If you want the trilogy set that contains both the SE and the unaltered versions but no bonus features, make sure when purchasing from Amazon, that the picture is a picture of Darth Vader and Luke clashing with light sabers and the box has a lot of blue coloring. It also says IV V VI along the bottom. Scroll down to DVD info and it should say release date: 2008. THAT is the version you are looking for.  If you place an order on the Trilogy with the Silver box with Darth Vaders mask on it, you are going to get the 2004 release of the trilogy and that's probably not the one you want... This review is going to appear on both sets though... So make sure before you buy, that you are on the correct trilogy page. Check the picture. Check the release date.  There are plenty of reviews of the actual product so I'm not going to go into that. Just wanted to clear up some confusion.  UPDATE 11-23-15 There are no longer copies available from retail that have the original cuts included anymore. They're out of print. There are no bluray editions and no current editions with the old cuts. You can still find the ones with the original cuts but be prepared to pay a hefty price.
B002DOSBMK|5.0|I've never read any Salvatore books, ever. I picked this up on a whim and immediately started loving it. The speed of the story seems oddly perfect, it isn't fast or slow, it just feels right.     Many times the writing starts to flow in detail, where I could see exactly what I think the author wanted me to see. It wasn't painting a picture where imagination didn't kick in, but a very methodical point a to point b description.     Needless to say, I will be reading the rest of the series.
B004AKCME8|3.0|Too long to sit and watch fell sleep. hard to keep track as to who is who they all look the same owls.
B004DTXJ4S|1.0|I just don't understand how anyone can be pleased, much less enthusiastic about this movie.    Garbage...    And yes I am a fan of the game series.  It seems the biggest problem is the focus on 3D.  Or more accurately stereo...  Every shot, every aspect of this film was engineered to take advantage of stereo effects.  The characters motions seem robotic and cinematography is gratuitous and without purpose.    This is an example of what is wrong with stereo.  It can be used well and in a way that elevates the experience. This has shown with Coraline, Avatar, How To Train Your Dragon, and many others.  Problem is there is nothing here to elevate.  It's just a whole bunch of stereo demo vids strung together and called a movie...    It's unfortunate because this whole series could have been much more.
0312600844|3.0|If you are upper-middle class, elitist, self-absorbed, angry, and bored out of your head, this novel is for you. Seriously, I have to confess to finding its rants and self-righteous diatribes somewhat interesting; admittedly, I finished the book, yet I cannot help but wish I had read something else....something with characters worth my time. I hate to spoil one of the book's page-turning moments, but I do want to voice an opinion about extra-marital affairs and to put my husband of 33 years on notice: Do NOT leave me alone for days, in a secluded home with a hot rock star, and expect me NOT to sleep-walk! Honestly, rather than reproach his wife for her infidelity, Walter should have asked her for pictures. I guess the world is far more moral than I, but my poor husband has a greater chance of being hit in the head by a falling meteor than of my leaving him alone for days with a hottie known for her ability to seduce any man she meets. Absurd and predictable outcome, especially when the spouse is clinically depressed and a verbally abusive shrew.<br /><br />Pertaining to environmental concerns, Franzen did a good job of exposing the shortcomings of both far-right and far-left policies. He deftly addressed the green movement's gray areas, delineated the importance of population control, and clearly revealed how complex the environmental issues that face us are. He's a strong and talented author, but I suggest he meet people who travel in a different circle. Perhaps if I hadn't just finished the Zookeeper's Wife...a story about a Polish couple who risk their lives to save others, I would have liked this novel more. I guess I've been too inundated with stories about spoiled Americans and their petty travails to enjoy another one.
B002CAWNEM|4.0|After the critics panned this film, I was shocked to find it quite entertaining.  And I was even more surprised to find that Beyonce is actually extremely good in it!  In fact, everyone is super, including Jerry O'Connell as the hero's smirking best friend.  One of the best things about it is that, unlike so many of the tedious \\"stalker\\" type films, it isn't irritatingly drawn out.  It gets to the point quickly and has a rousing, lickity-split ending, so you're not sitting there thinking, \\"Oh, get on it with it, already!\\"  The cast is terrific and Ali Larter is perfect as the crazy b--ch.  Don't believe the critics.  This one is a blast! P.S.  Don't miss the cute scene in which the separated daddy and the baby meet angry mommy at the door after their play date with identical, disgusted guy-looks on their faces.  Touches like this make it amusing.
B002ZG981E|5.0|Inception is a movie cut out of the mold of movies like The Matrix.  It's got an intriguing concept that really makes you think.  It's not just a geek movie, though, as the storyline also takes you into the life of the main character.  In fact, it's his life that is the reason for the entire plot.  If you haven't seen this yet, you owe it to yourself to see it right away!
055357342X|2.0|When I got to page 496 of this version and started reading the next page I realized that something was missing.... the very next page was 561.            Maybe just this one book, but ?????   I suggest maybe trying a different version.  If you've managed to get this far in this series, you know that a lot may be missed in 65 pages.
B002ZG993Q|1.0|I actually saw this movie in the theatre, and I found myself laughing several times, because it was just that bad. Normally I really like George Clooney, but his acting in this movie was so bad, I think his acting in the \\"Facts of Life\\" sitcom like 2 decades ago was better than this.  And seriously, staring off into the distance for long periods of time does not necessarily convey deep thoughts and meaning, especially when the dialogue (what little of it there was) and plot around you are such drivel. I actually found myself hoping the main character would get killed off halfway through the movie, just so it would put me out of my misery and end the movie sooner.  Just horrible.
B003KUSUG8|5.0|ive never been a big fan of eminem but this cd has changed my  mind on his music. this cd to me seems to be written while he was hurting from a friends death, getting heart broken by a girlfriend,  being almost suicidal and shows that hes human, has a heart, and  doesnt want to be hurt again.i can relate to this from personnel experiences, so i really enjoyed this cd.
0439023513|1.0|I flew through the first two books and was buried deep in my little Panem world when I decided to go out and buy Mockingjay. Big mistake. As many other reader's have commented it would've been in my best interest to invent my own ending, which I have since done as a coping mechanism for what happens in the third book of the series.     Collins makes no attempt to wrap subplots, plot pieces or interesting character attributes from the first two into interesting twists in the third. Instead we are wound into a military base and torn away (eventually permanently so) from our favorite characters. Katniss is no longer Katniss. For reasons unexplained, other than perhaps severe PTSD, she bumbles her way through the book not sure what to do with herself beside shoot a gun and focus on killing Snow. Gale and Peeta are thrown by the wayside to introduce and spotlight characters like Boggs, Plutarch and Coin, who we couldn't care less about.     In the end ((spoiler alert)) we are left with a few lines about Gale working some fancy job in district 2, and don't get any insight into their relationship inexplicably deteriorating or how they parted. Peeta's irreversible memory damage apparently fades with time and no therapy? At least I assume that's what happened since nothing is explained. And Katniss, our heroine of Panem, settles down for a life in a blown-up district with two kids....are you kidding me?     I almost wish Stephanie Meyers had written this book. It'd still be insanity but at least we'd have some explanations...
B003ZDZ1WG|5.0|This cd is so good! I can listen to it over and over. I hope this band sticks around because they have a great talent! I first saw them on The View recently and wanted their cd right off! Luckily for Christmas I got a Amazon.com gift card and bought it and I am very happy I did!!!!
B0037UUZQY|3.0|Santa left this in my 5 yr olds stocking, she loved it at first; but as expected the hair tangles incredibly easy and the extension is like a small tail, makes very little difference on the dolls head unless you clip it at the very end and then it just looks silly.  Really wish they could come up with some great barbie doll hair that doesn't tangle!
B0040JHXTI|5.0|This box set delivers on everything you might expect - it's simply something, if you're a Springsteen fan, you must have.  It's a great packaging idea - The Darkness CD,  The Promise Double-CD, and 3 DVDs ensconsed in Springsteen's \\"notebook\\".  It's hours and hours of Bruce, to see and to hear:  this Item more than delivers in the \\"Bang for your buck\\" category - it's worth it.
B00005JLPK|5.0|Frida was paired as a gift with a copy of The Lacuna by Barbara Kingsolver.  The perfect combination; first the movie, then the book.   [[ASIN:0060852585 The Lacuna: A Novel (P.S.)  The movie is lush and enlightens the fascinating story of The Lacuna.
B000O59A2K|5.0|These are 2 great movies. I knew I liked Hitari but had not seen El Dorado before. I really enjoyed it and this \\"double feature\\" is a great addition to my movie library.
B000NVIXDW|5.0|Excellent, as advertised
B002ZG980U|1.0|I was excited to watch this movie on Video On Demand today.  HD $.99 rental, I thought it was an excellent deal and being able to watch it on my HD television with 5.1 surround sound home theater.  It wasn't.  It is a fiction alright.  Not only is the story not appealing but the sound getting too loud and too soft that you have to adjust the volume several times was very annoying.
1932100660|5.0|At the time I read this, I was a vegetarian contemplating shifting to a vegan diet. Animal brutality and environmental concerns aside, I was ready for some information as to why I should finally let go of dairy - not an easy thing at all for me.     I found this book to be a page turner. The style in which it is written is very accessible; it's a fun read. The charts are clear and not confusing. The amount of data collected is extraordinary. It was the final push that supported me in my dietary change.    I've also read the negative reviews, as well as seen some online criticisms of the data and its interpretation. My opinion is that *anyone* can challenge *anything*; especially if they are looking for their 15 minutes of fame. At the end of the day, I think the dairy industry has a lot more to lose and a lot more to sell by detracting. I choose to take this book at face value. I'm glad I did as the results are clearly evident to me in my overall health and well being.
B0044XV3R8|5.0|Sam Worthington, Zoe Saldana, Sigourney Weaver and Stephen Lang<br />star in James Cameron's 2009 sci-fi film. An ex-marine joins a planet's<br />program allowing him to act as one of it's inhabitants. Cameron did<br />great as usual and the settings and backgrounds are amazing. This<br />dvd set not only has nice picture and sound, but 3 versions of the<br />film plus cool extras. I recommend this great sci-fi film.
0060899220|5.0|Can't stand the man but he sure can write and I'm sure he is one great cook.  The book is a quick and very interesting read and I'm looking forward to the next one.  All his travel/eating shows are excellent because his writing is fabulous.  I wish I knew why I have a personal dislike for him.  Obnoxious may be the closest thing.
B0044KU7KU|5.0|I really enjoyed MCR's new album. Danger Days isn't like their other albums musically but still them. \\"Sing\\" is my favorite off the album so far but none of the songs fall flat. The interludes with Dr D. are neat.    The killjoys are a fun adventure, that I highly recommend.
B000FC0SIM|1.0|many other reviewers espoused the virtues of this well wriien tome. my one star review is for the greedy publisher setting the price of the kindle edition at $12.99 when you can purchase a paperbook edition of the same book at amazon for $7.99. A $5 premium for an electronic version which has close to zero production and distribution costs compared to a paper book is insane and illustrates one of the key reasons the publishing business is hurting.
B002MW50KO|5.0|As always, Dylan delivers. Because of his profession of faith in Jesus a few years back, I was thinking the \\"CHRISTMAS IN THE HEART\\" c d would be more Christ-oriented. Santa is not one of my favorite cartoon characters. But also, as always, Amazon delivers. Thanks, Wayne
193659434X|4.0|Having just read 'Great Expectations,' I am a big Dickens fan, and I found A Christmas Carol almost as good as his other.  It is well-written, powerful, and as always, insightful into human nature.  The story gallops along as well, wasting little time, which is rather amazing consider it is like 170 years old.  So many books of that era are deadly slow, probably because they didn't have to compete with movies and TV.<br /><br />I loved the transformation that Scrooge made, and the framework Dickens created for fomenting that change had me convinced.  Dickens really handled it beautifully.<br /><br />My one criticism, and to me it's a big one:  Although Scrooge was clearly a Class A Jerk in the beginning of the book, I liked that at the beginning he wasn't just liberally squishy as regards \\"Surplus Population\\" (that is, overpopulation).  Kudos to Dickens for even touching the subject.  Granted, Scrooge was a creep to suggest that the world would be better off, and the solution most easily found, if poor kids should just die or go to the workhouse.  I was disappointed when Scrooge just turned liberal and squishy at the end  when he just gave money to the downtrodden.  Heaven forbid Dickens give Scrooge real critical thinking along with his newfound compassion!  Heaven forbid Dickens had compassion for the living, but really instead spoke out against people like his weak employee Cratchet just mindlessly having kids he couldn't support.  The answer is not handouts; that doesn't solve overpopulation.  People need to wake up and quit having so many kids, and whoever leads this world should put that message front and center.
B000P0J0G0|5.0|WE'VE ALWAYS ENJOYED THE DIVERSE WORK OF LAURIE AND FRY, THIS IS NO EXCEPTION. MATERIAL WRITTEN BY THESE CONSUMATE PERFORMERS IS DEFINITELY THE BEST, THE SKITS ARE QUICK, CLEVER AND WITTY AND THE COSTUMES DETAILED. LAURIE HAS THE BEST RUBBER FACE IMAGINABLE, FRY FOR THE MOST PART HAS THE LEAST EXPRESSION IMAGINABLE, PRETTY DIFFICULT TO DO!!!! CONTROL AND THE \\"NOT SO SUPER SPY\\" TONY MERCHESON ARE ALWAYS HILARIOUSLY STUPID AS ARE MOST OF THE OTHER PORTRAYALS OF THE UPPER CLASS CHARACTERS METED OUT TO THE AUDIENCE. GLAD WE FOUND IT AT AMAZON, KIND REGARDS, BOB HOPKINS
B00003CX9E|3.0|This story shows how no amount of money, fame, and grandiosity can make up for the horror of parental betrayal and stolen childhood.  It shows the roots and consequences of narcissism, writ large.  Kudos to Orson Welles.  These points alone make the film an important classic.<br /><br />But:<br /><br />1) The movie, 70 years old, is often slow by modern standards.  It wasn't until about halfway through that I started catching on to why so many call it the best movie of all time.  But this criticism is not that important, and if it were my only one I'd still give the film five stars.<br /><br />2) My big beef:  The film is utterly NON-redemptive.  Although it is brilliant in showing the problem, it does absolutely nothing to suggest, let alone show, a solution -- or even a suggestion that a solution is possible.  I suspect this is because Orson Welles had no realistic idea of how to heal childhood traumas.  For that reason I cannot give the film any more than three stars.
B0044XV3QY|5.0|This edition of Avatar is great and well worth the purchase.  No problems with the Blu-Ray and the color/graphics are amazing.  The only thing missing is the 3-D like we saw at the movies.  Great gift for movie buffs!
B001DPC52C|5.0|I got my purchase pretty quick, and the condition was okay. Immediately I noticed a decent size scratch/crack on the cover of the CD/DVD case. Not a huge deal, because it was most likely caused by the USPS. Other than for that, everything is perfect! I will buy again from this seller in the future. :)
B002T921AC|2.0|The only reason I know who he is, is because of my granddaughters. But, only the youngest ones, two two year olds, and one three year old. Older kids find him annoying and his songs sappy. His lyrics, dancing, and hand gestures, like making that heart are so childish. Hopefully he will be gone soon, like when the kids get to Kindergarten. Maybe he could even cut his hair too it's a dumb style, if you could call it that.
B002ZG99A4|5.0|My item was recieved faster than expected!! Well before the estimated delivery date!! It also was in perfect condition, brand new, like stated!!
B002ZG98UA|4.0|This film is way more cool to watch on the big screen. There's tons of great action and slow-mo parts as well. It has a good opening with tons of action. It gets slow and drags from when the main group of survivors meet so i skipped that part and went to when the big guy with the oversized ax came into play. From there to the end, the film kept up. I loved all the action and characters. I liked alice, clair and chris redfield as well the people who portrayed them. The zombies and dogs were cool with there new transformations. Albert Wesker was very cool to. This film takes many ideas from Resident Evil 5 but it's every fun and cool to watch.
B003G4W49C|4.0|This book was exciting, brilliant and all around spectacular. It is more of a boys book but I still enjoyed this new world all the same.
030746363X|1.0|I am so glad that I read through the orgasm chapter before I decided whether or not to purchase this book. Folks - he doesn't mean that climax lasts 15 minutes. The chapter teaches you how to create orgasm within 15 minutes. I found it horribly misleading. Just get a hitachi magic wand, call it \\"the 2 minute orgasm\\" and be done with it.
B0042JTDXK|1.0|After repeated listening, still felt no connection to any of the songs on this cd. I understand that singers want to evolve, but this is far from his previous sound it seems as if he is aiming for a different fan base. All I can do is hope for the next one. I'm also dissapointed that there were no spanish songs!
0312600844|1.0|I am not in grad school. I can put a book down and stop reading it if I don't like it. And I don't like this book. I don't like to read books that are written by authors who dislike their characters. There are no heroes in this book; there are only sad people who have no ability to reflect on their lives. Franzen treats his characters with no humor except that which involves total put-down. Their behavior is so stereotyped as to be unbelievable. The characters are treated so unsympathetically and so dismissively that I have no interest in them. I have no interest in finishing this book. There is no Gatsby in this book. There is no Anna K here. To compare Franzen to Tolstoy or to Fitzgerald, as some book reviewers have, shows how shallow and irrelevant they are.<br />I am grateful for the many negative reviews posted here, which in their aggregate prompted me to stop reading this big book. It is easy to make fun of white liberals. Beck and Imus -- and Franzen here -- do enough of it to turn me off this book. Liberals are cheap and easy targets. I cannot help feeling that Franzen himself is one of those people he makes fun of, and that he dislikes himself. Franzen has filled his novel with such thoroughly and irredeemably unpleasant people that he has trivialized them. He has brought this reader, at any rate, to the point of disinterest.
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|i relly liked the book, the charecters were rea and their deaths were real too, but i felt like the climax wasnt right. katniss didnt kill snow and her mission where everyone died was just a waste.       also, i think its sad that no matter what katniss did, she couldnt save prim. the whole thing started with her saving prim, then it pretty much ended with her death. sad.      over all, the book was great, and sad.
B002JH3TW8|5.0|The moshi Firewire 800 to 400 adapter is a handy little gadget that lets you connect older Firewire 400 devices such as hard drives and audio interfaces to a newer computer with the Firewire 800 connection.  I was in a fix because I was going to take my new macbook pro into a studio to record and the studio's audio interface was Firewire 400.  The moshi was an inexpensive solution (cheaper than buying a long 400 to 800 cable) and worked without a hitch.  Now I carry it around in my computer bag for any occasion where I have to connect to 400 devices.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|This is an amazing bag for the price. I am not one to spend $120 on a gear bag when there are other \\"no-name\\" brands out there for cheaper. I purchased this bag not having the highest of hopes, but it turned out to be an amazing little bag. It holds everything I could possibly need. My only \\"cons\\" (only because its a review, I have to find SOMETHING that can be improved) I wish that it had more small pockets, for small items. And i wish that the zippers had a ring to put a small lock on them. (This can be fixed by putting key chain rings on the zippers and putting small locks on the rings)<br /><br />This is an amazing little bag, Highly recommended.
B001PU8N0I|5.0|Love this series! It's worth the wait to get through the whole thing. Charles Dickens is a GREAT author...books make great movies!
0811875555|5.0|This book was bought as a gift, the first book I received had been printed backwards and upside down, based on the orientation of the cover artwork. It was quickly replaced by Amazon, and the new book was perfect. Since the gift was a Secret Santa, and was shipped to Puerto Rico, I have not received feedback, but I thought the book was fantastic and the artwork was beautiful! I can imagine that this gift was accepted with the same awe and elation that I felt when I got to look through it. Thank you Amazon, the you always make it right when something goes wrong. I am a very happy customer!!!
1416550550|4.0|Stories within stories like a Matryoshka doll, Morton exquisite writing sparkles.  At times, however, the tale fell asleep and had to be awakened by a well-placed \\"fairytale.\\"  Storytelling at it's best, a favorite to share with friends or to discuss at a book club.
0060730552|3.0|While I am a little behind the times as this happened over 25 years ago, it is heart wrenching what the author had to go through to survive.  I do not believe that cutting the rope by his partner was in any way wrong as they had no other options, but this is the only survival books I've read that leaves an uneasy feel. Joe has stated again & again he felt Simon saved his life and  that is admirable.   But I can't fathom why Simon did not, for one time, consider going back to check on Joe. He got back to camp rested, fed & watered and did not at any time consider going back to check, or even memorialize his friend he just knew was dead. The Everest deaths in 1996 & 2006 were sad, but understandable, the soccer team that crashed the Andes, the Unbroken survivor, Ed Viesturs, etc, all of these I can understand, but not this.   That being said this book incredible reading, equal to Into Thin Air, and Unbroken.  Sad, amazing, unbelievable survivors.
0316017922|4.0|Some of the reviews here are as if not more interesting than the book itself!  Mr Gladwell's Outliers is an interesting read to be sure.  It is my first Kindle purchase and I read it in one night, so it is neither long nor difficult to digest in a short amount of time.<br /><br />One of the major complaints here is that the author seems to rely too heavily on data picking to justify his own preconceived notions.  To this point I concur.  This is ok for experimenting with formulating hypthoses and thought experiments, but not acceptable for writing a book of this nature.<br /><br />As to the other somewhat disturbing accusation that Mr. Gladwell does not have his facts correct - such as in the case of the Guam traffic accident and the number of hours the Beatles played at Hamburg, it would be somewhat upsetting if this was true.  But to this point I try to give Mr. Gladwell the benefit of the doubt, and take in the larger points of the book.<br /><br />My biggest issue with Mr. Gladwell is his definition of what it means to be an outlier and to be successful.  I would argue that someone who is highly intelligent and has decided to live a moderate yet supremely comfortable and happy life , may have been more successful in the game of life in the end.<br /><br />In spite of these criticisms, I think the author still manages to pull off a decent book.  There was an interesting article in the NY Times many years ago that talked about the effects of Nature vs. Nuture by studying a number of identical twins that were separated at birth.  Their conclusion was that we are both a product of our genes and our environment, with a pretty equal weighting given to both.  Outliers attempts to teach the same, that what we are born with is just as important as the environment we are born to: the things our parents will do, the society we grow up in, cultural and family traditions and beliefs,  and whether the time that we are born in will help open up extraordinary opportunities.<br /><br />Finally, I would like to say a few things about the Asian references throughout the book.  Growing up in a Chinese immigrant family myself and knowing many similar families, I would like to note the following:<br /><br />1) It is absolutely true that it is much easier to remember longer numerical sequences in Chinese.  However, I have some doubt as to whether that makes us better mathematicians in any way.<br />2) I was advanced in math at an early age.  However, I attribute that to the many hours my dad spent educating us at home in this subject, not due to any magical power of memory or genetics.  There are plenty of Asians in the United States who are unimpressive in this area which should provide ample proof to the contrary.<br />3) It is absolutely true that the small advantages one receives early in life provides a springboard from which to progress against his or her peers.  When I was in kindergarten, I was able to answer questions that the teacher would occassionally ask the class, due to the extra effort my dad spent at home with educating us.  This in turn ended up placing me into a special gifted class for the rest of my grade school years.  Not many were accepted into this program, and we received better teachers and resources than our peers.  Many of those classmates went on to great schools and are in professional careers.<br />4) Many immigrant families stress pure academics (maths and sciences) and do not pay enough attention to language and soft skills (social skills and what the author likes to deem emotional intelligence.)  As a result, the cost often ends up being a trade off - gaining in one area at the cost of another.  Academia demands the former, but real life demands the latter.say a few things about the Asian references throughout the book.  Growing up in a Chinese immigrant family myself and knowing many similar families, I would like to note the following:    1) It is absolutely true that it is much easier to remember longer numerical sequences in Chinese.  However, I have some doubt as to whether that makes us better mathematicians in any way.  2) I was advanced in math at an early age.  However, I attribute that to the many hours my dad spent educating us at home in this subject, not due to any magical power of memory or genetics.  There are plenty of Asians in the United States who are unimpressive in this area which should provide ample proof to the contrary.  3) It is absolutely true that the small advantages one receives early in life provides a springboard from which to progress against his or her peers.  When I was in kindergarten, I was able to answer questions that the teacher would occassionally ask the class, due to the extra effort my dad spent at home with educating us.  This in turn ended up placing me into a special gifted class for the rest of my grade school years.  Not many were accepted into this program, and we received better teachers and resources than our peers.  Many of those classmates went on to great schools and are in professional careers.  4) Many immigrant families stress pure academics (maths and sciences) and do not pay enough attention to language and soft skills (social skills and what the author likes to deem emotional intelligence.)   As a result, the cost often ends up being a trade off - gaining in one area at the cost of another.  Academia demands the former, but real life demands the latter.
0740797719|5.0|James Gurney has amazing twin gifts, the ability to paint beautifully and the ability to explain how he does it. These gifts are rarely reside in the same person, but they do in Mr. Gurney. He has an easy manner and is able to break down complicated technical and esoteric subjects beautifully. Each subject is treated carefully and explained clearly. This book is a must have for any aspiring artist or graphic designer, or industrial designer. An amazing piece of work.
193659434X|5.0|Pros: Feel good story, great for Christmas time.<br />Cons: Setup and payoff are weak.<br /><br />A Christmas Carol is a classic that everyone should read.  Unfortunately, I did not read it until I was well into my adulthood.  My review will focus on aspects of the story from that angle.<br /><br />The initial part of the story provides the reader with a portrait of Ebenezeer Scrooge that is a little overdone and a bit comical.  I can only say that it came across as being a bit 'corny.'<br /><br />The best part of the story lies in its middle chapters, where Mr. Scrooge receives upon himself several visitors during the night.  As a reader you feel drawn into the lives of the families that are visited and you find yourself caring for them rather quickly.<br /><br />The payoff ends up being somewhat weak.  It seems rushed and concluded rather a little too hastily.  A slightly lengthier expansion of the final pages would have increased enjoyment of the story immensely.<br /><br />Still, even with such criticisms, I realize that the story will appeal to people of all ages, and have given the book a 5 star rating.  I encourage parents to let their children enjoy this classic as soon as they think it is age appropriate and not view the book with a little bit of a cynical eye, as I myself might have had.
B0041KKYEM|2.0|I wasn't sure what to expect when going into this film. I've always loved the idea of ballet in cinema: it's a subject rarely explored with serious potential and I thought Darren Aronofsky (who brought such an engaging view to pro-wresting with 'The Wrestler') would be a perfect director to bring this world to life. While I liked a lot of the 'behind the scenes' aspects of the movie as well as the performances by the actors, I found 'Black Swan' very hard to enjoy.<br /><br />Black Swan is about young dancer Nina who, after confronting the director wins the lead in a production of 'Swan Lake'. As she rehearses Nina starts to hallucinate, developes a rash, and becomes paranoid about her understudy (and supposed rival) Lily. Things start happening to Nina and we're unsure if everything is just in her head or not, turning the film into a sort of psychological thriller/horror piece. While this sounds like a promising idea it's actually very unpleasant (and kinda violent) as Nina's hallucinations get more and more disturbing. The movie's also got a very erotic tone and some very sexual moments that it tries to mix in with the horror/disturbing elements. I liked the over-the-top direction 'Black Swan' was going with but the disturbia mixed with the eroticism just turned me off. Also some of the more symbolic hallucinations (Nina seeing her double and her 'transformation' with the feathers, her legs etc.) seemed redundant and overplayed.<br /><br />The one thing that is hands-down terrific about this film is it's performances. Natalie Portman is showing what a terrific actress she can be with mature roles and it's obvious her and Mila Kunis (as Lily) put a lot of work into their characters physically as well as psychologically. Barbara Hershey is equally good as Portman's somewhat overbearing mother. Vincent Cassel is one of my favorite actors and I love seeing him in any film (even if I don't like the movie itself) and he's terrific as Nina's director.<br /><br />Again I know it's just my taste but I just didn't like 'Black Swan'. It's very stylish and I liked some of the ideas it had (the directing is quite good). I'm sure for the right audience 'Black Swan's quite engaging ( I know most of my friends love it), for me however I'd rather watch a much more toned down (and less obvious) film about the ballet world that doesn't make my stomach turn.e but I just didn't like 'Black Swan'. It's very stylish and I liked some of the ideas it had (the directing is quite good). I'm sure for the right audience 'Black Swan's quite engaging ( I know most of my friends love it), for me however I'd rather watch a much more toned down (and less obvious) film about the ballet world that doesn't make my stomach turn.
1416589473|5.0|Started out a little shaky, and I am hard on editors catching mistakes... but it's a good read. I haven't yet finished the entire book, but I am close. This book fills in some blanks in the games story and it also gives us a bit of sneak-peak at what to expect in GW2. Overall, it's worth a read for any fantasy lover.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|Eclipse delivered a great plot that keeps you on edge of your seat waiting anticipating the next this is a great movie I recommend it to all
B004B8DH98|1.0|This is just a very slow paced, somewhat boring movie. I'm not interested in any of the characters and have no sympathy for them either. Clooney has the dimension of the movie poster and is just about as animated. I don't know what to call this movie. It's not action, hardly drama, not a love story, not a thriller, just kind of boring and plodding.    I think the best word for it is sterile.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|Definitely do not watch if you are currently grieving the loss of a loved one. My mom passed away not long ago and I very rarely cry when I watch sad movies, maybe get a lump in my throat, but very rarely shed an actual tear. This movie made me actually cry! If you decide to watch it, it really is a beautiful story...but SAD, so have the tissues ready just in case.
B000HWZ4CA|5.0|I just received this video for Christmas-I had seen it long ago when such films were still broadcast on free television, but did not remember all the details.  It was much better than I remembered.  This is the story of Sergeant York, a conscientious objector who went to war for his country.  He grew up in Tennessee where hunting was a first pastime, and he was a crack shot.  His carousing ways are transformed by a lightning strike, and he \\"gets religion,\\" becoming a conscientious objector.  While serving with his unit in France under withering machine gun fire, he decides he will save many lives by taking out the German machine guns.  In doing so he singlehandedly captures 134 POW's.  He is awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor and the French Order of the Legion of Honor.  Upon return, he receives a ticker tape parade in New York, and many offers that would make him rich to endorse products.  He turns them down because they were based on his action, and he said noone should profit from doing their duty.  He returns to Tennessee and...., well you'll just have to see the movie.<br /><br />There is a second disk included with the history of Gary Cooper, \\"Coop.\\"  The history of the movie is also included.  It was released in 1940, and met with wide public approval, but was pulled because pacifist congressman said it violated the \\"War Neutrality Act.\\"  American Nazi groups also opposed it, and there were over 300 in the U.S. at that time.  The movie was rereleased after Pearl Harbor.<br /><br />This movie is highly recommended, and belongs in the library of anyone who loves liberty, and the great telling of true story.
B0007MWZEK|2.0|VERY SIMPLE REVIEW:  This does not pick up anything from carpet.  Hair tangles in the brushes, and it stops turning.  It takes longer to clean the vacuum than if I hand-picked dirt from the carpet myself.  I have a spare in a box, and wouldn't give it away to anyone....why should they have to deal with it.  BAD BUY!!!
B000065U1N|5.0|This movie does the best job of any movie yet made in showing the chaos and confusion of a modern urban military battle.  The constant automatic weapons fire sounds like the clinking of gravel on a tin roof, and is a continuous background presence.  The rocket propelled grenades fired from the wrecked urban landscape wreak havoc on helicopters, and the piles of burning tires in streets create a nightmare of navigation.<br /><br />Combined with the above scenario, the operation is further messed up by the refusal of the Pakistani's to roll their armor into the city, because they were not notified initially.  The failure to roll tanks and armored personnel carriers as their part of the UN \\"Peacekeeping force\\" left n US troops only with unarmored Humvees and helicopters.  In addition, the US Defense Dept. under Clinton refused to allow fixed wing aircraft to engage in the battle.  The AC 130 gunship that was requested was not authorized, and so the battle turned against US forces.<br /><br />God Bless the US volunteer force who took part in this action.  Based on this snafu, the US learned to supply their own armor and support in all engagements, not to rely on undependable allies.  Never again were US forces left out to dry like occurred here.  Highly recommended.
B003Q6BQPS|4.0|I'm an adult Lego collector & this is one of my favorite Lego sets! It was fun & easy to put together. The details & colors are great. I love the brick that lights up & displays the baked goods in the window! The only thing I didn't care for was the price. Overall great for kids & adults!
B002ZG980U|5.0|I preordered this dvd as a Christmas present for my husband.  The movie wasn't released until December 7th but I received it with time to spare.  It was new (as advertised) and we've had no problems with it.
B003EYVXXW|4.0|Because you learn something you might not know. Because it's smart. Well acted. Thoughtful. A good strong female role. Issues that are just as relevant today, maybe more so, we should know better. A very good movie. Also sex and violence can keep the slackers awake.
B001GM28HO|4.0|This CD is good but The Fame Monster is definitely better.  Standouts on this to me are Boys Boys Boys and Paparazzi.  This song though does have filler; songs I'd just assume skip over to get to the hotter ones.  So, to me, that's not good enough for five stars.  Lady GaGa is always hot and creative though so I easily give this a four star rating, well above average!
B0036TGSR6|3.0|As this movie begins, the Prime Minister is being charged in the World Court with what the prosecutors call a war crime: rendition of people to foreign countries for torturing.    The ghost writer, knowing this, continues to work with the Prime Minister, but becomes suspicious that the Prime Minister may have killed the previous ghost writer. He then discovers that the Prime Minister's associates are hooked up with the CIA.    He threatens to reveal this when, as above, everyone already knows the Prime Minister has arguably committed a war crime, and when any free world leader is likely hooked up with the CIA.    So the only thing the ghost writer knows that's fresh or interesting is that the former ghost writer may have been murdered. To conceal what? That a Prime Minister may have worked with the CIA? That he sent people to be tortured which is already on all the tv stations and in all the newspapers?    I'm confused. It's like the Prime Minister is perfectly happy being charged as a war criminal, but will kill to stop people from knowing he worked with the CIA. And the movie has that plot curve: first we find out the guy is charged with war crimes, THEN we find out he may have killed to conceal them, or to hide who advised him.    What?    And why is a ghost writer who is willing to work with a charged war criminal suddenly hot to prove CIA involvement of some of the war criminal's associates? At the very end he finds out that a character is connected with the CIA, and that's supposed to be the big shocker, and all this war criminal business seems to have been totally forgotten by everyone.     What?    This is real confusion. Write me and tell me how wrong I am.
B002W6Z0UK|5.0|This CD is really great; because Lady GaGa has a seriously hot vocal!  Bad Romance is the type of song you want to blast LOUD and party with!  Guess that's why it has hundreds of millions of Youtube hits!  Warning: This CD is HOT!  I think a lot of people like to say that Lady GaGa is full of gimmicks and while that is true if she were void of talent they wouldn't work.  The woman can really sing: and I love the NY accent!
B003UBTX7C|2.0|Baldacci was not able to develope a plot with this latest novel.  After so many bestsellers, authors tend to turn out too many novels in a short amount of time without any thought to plot or character developement.  This is where Baldacci is today.  Thoughout the first half of the book all we hear about is a bomb in the rootball of a tree, more about a rootball, then more about a rootball.  Wasn't sure if this was a mystery-thriller or a book on gardening.
B0014WSWTY|5.0|My absolute favorite set of Beethoven Symphonies, brimming with style, fire and life, and the best recording of an orchestra that I own.    Simply fantastic!
B001UHOWXI|5.0|This was an excellent buy!  My wife was thrilled to get this movie as it is her favorite and Amazon did an outstanding job getting it to us in a timely matter.  Thank you
B0017OB12O|5.0|So much has been written and said about David Lean and \\"The Bridge on the River Kwai\\" that my comments on the movie would likely add nothing significant to the discussion.  If anyone has been so unfortunate as to have never seen the film, it should be noted that, along with all of its other qualities, it is the kind of handsomely produced, cinematically beautiful production that is perfect for viewing in the clarity and richness of the Blu Ray format.  If you are a home theater buff who can view the disc on a giant screen, you can expect the sort of lavish entertainment that is perfectly marvelous when given this sort of presentation. Although it is considerably shorter than the epic historical spectacles that Lean tackled a few years later, it is a big, ambitious story with so much detail and complexity that seeing it multiple times always brings out new dimensions and forgotten details in the movie.  If you haven't had the pleasure of seeing it,  you can expect to find it a rare combination of the lush action film, shot in a splendidly exotic location, with elements of serious drama, literary richness and fascinating character development.  At the time of its release, few directors had ever tackled such a mature approach to such a story, and fewer still had succeeded to the extent that you will find here.  Some historians have protested about the fictionalizing of numerous elements in the story, but, as with many great historical novelists, Lean and his script writer (contrary to the screen credits, believed to be blacklisted Carl Foreman) were clearly in pursuit of something other, something deeper than merely a precise re-enactment of an historical event.  What a delight to have the whole glorious picture available at last in a High Definition release!
030726999X|5.0|If you read the two books in the series that came before this and enjoyed them, then you will love this one as well.  A great finish to the trilogy - I just wished he would have been able to publish even more books.  It's a very entertaining story with a layered plot and unique and well-developed characters.
B003DZX44I|5.0|I have loved this movie since it was first released. How could I not love a heroine that was so devoted to books and loves to read as much as I do? And a REAL hero is the beast, who gives her an enormous library.<br /><br />The music is just lovely, and in my opinion this is one of the best song set in all of the Disney musicals. I can easily see why this went to Broadway - the songs were that quality. The story is simple yet heart warming, and the value of not judging someone solely by their looks is one sorely needed in today's society. The message is a valuable one, and the love story that goes along with it has meaning as well. We see all types of love in this story - which makes it a true love story and not just a romance. There is the selfless love that Belle has for her father - taking his place. There is the parental love of her father - going back for her, and worrying for her. There is the self-love of Gaston, who loves his image above all else. It's not just that he loves himself - his image is what he wishes to protect and what drives his urge to \\"win\\" when he makes that final, fatal attack on the beast which results in his plummeting to his death. That strong imagery of him falling from grace physically as well as socially is appropriate. Finally, there is the true love that Belle has for the Beast - loving him for who he is and not how he looks, loving him for how he treats her and not just the castle he has. The Beast echoes that same true love when he is willing to let her go when he realizes she must be with her family, and trusting she might return. The old saying goes, \\"If you love something, set it free. If it comes back to you, it is meant to be. If it doesn't, it never was.\\" This is exemplified in the Beast's actions at that critical moment.<br /><br />I had loved this movie for years, and I owned the soundtrack long before I had children. I now have a four year old daughter, and this is her favorite movie. We watch it many times over, and yet I never tire of the story nor the songs. It is a timeless classic, and the Blu-Ray version brings it to life in a crisp, clear, colorful form that my entrances my daughter every time.f the story nor the songs. It is a timeless classic, and the Blu-Ray version brings it to life in a crisp, clear, colorful form that my entrances my daughter every time.
B0032JTV6U|5.0|This product arrived very promptly and was in excellent condition!  Glee is an excellent show with unbelievable singing and non-stop humor!  My wife and I have been very happy with this product and recommend it to anyone who enjoys creative song mash-ups, excellent singing, and a hilarious monster of a cheerleading coach!
B003XF1XOQ|1.0|I have 3 words for this book bad , awful ,disapointing.Thats all the words i will waste on this &#34;book&#34;
B0038M2AZA|5.0|This movie is a great film and very inspirational.  Temple is a great lady who has taken the problems life handed her and made an awesome life full of meaning.  Her mom is a woman of great strength and an inspiration as well.  I highly recommend this movie to all.
B00064X282|4.0|I'm not really used to listening to a mostly slow-rhythm album. I didn't think the tracks on here, in general, were spectacular, but they were definitely worth the listen. I'm an energetic person, so that's the kind of music I want to hear (Hard Rock), unlike this Eric Clapton piece as a whole.<br /><br />The songs on 461 Ocean Boulevard are mellow and bluesy. Everyone is worth the listen, especially the religious but short \\"Give Me Strength,\\" \\"Let It Grow,\\" \\"Ain't That Lovin' You,\\" and the impulsive \\"I Can't Hold Out.\\" I didn't like \\"Get Ready\\" that much, for it's about looking forward to a broken heart. The upbeat \\"Motherless Children\\" displays importance of having a mother alive. \\"Willie and the Hand Jive\\" is catchy. Clapton sounded, at times, like Bob Marley on the famous \\"I Shot the Sheriff\\" (I still like the Marley version better). \\"Walkin' Down the Road\\" opens with a noteworthy minute of guitar-playing. Nice song.
B002ZG98UA|1.0|This movie is horrible. The third movie ended in a fashion that made you think you could guess how the this one would proceed. No. That ending is resolved in the first ten minutes.    The first movie was pretty good. I bought that one and the next two. But these have gotten progressively worse and this one is just flat out bad. This is a 3D movie and you could see scenes where the story was set up so that some 3D action would happen, but in reality, things would have proceeded just as well if they hadn't tried to set up the 3D shot. Well, the whole movie is like that from a plot standpoint. So many things could have been dropped and no one would ever know they were gone. Primarily because you're generally wondering \\"Where'd that come from?\\"
B002ZG99A4|3.0|I should have seen it coming, but somehow I was still expecting more.  With a script written by Sly you can't expect Oscar material, but the overall story at best was a D+.  Tough guys find generic Hispanic country injustice/corruption. Tough guys meet girl. Tough guys blow everything up.  The saving grace of this movie was seeing every action star side by side (even if they were throwing horrible one liners back and forth for the entire movie).  The last half of the movie was one continuous fight scene which had some great moments, but also became disorientating at times. In summary, it is definitely worth a watch for the fun factor  Now for actor reviews...         Sylvester Stallone (2/5): Sly's performance was overshadowed by several of his cast mates.  His on screen chemistry was pretty much nonexistent with love interest Giselle Itie (who gives a limited but good performance), and the stunts were pretty unbelievable.  However, you do have to give props to a 60 year old guy who fought through pretty severe injuries from doing a majority of his own stunts during filming and directing.       Jason Statham (5/5): Just when you think Statham can't look like any more of a bad ass he throws his authenticity in your face again.  This movie should have been titled \\"Everyone but Jason Statham is Expendable\\".  He steals the show for sure as Stallone's right hand man in The Expendables mercenary unit.  One of the best scenes of the movie is Statham vs. 5 Guys in an unarmed basketball court fight.       Jet Li (4/5): Delivers a solid performance and has an excellent fight scene during a mid movie car chase scene.       Dolph Lundgren (2/5): I feel as though his performance was really hampered by the script, but still it did feel lacking.       Randy Couture (0/5): Please return to the octagon Randy. Please.  Every Couture delivered a line I cringed in embarrassment. He did bring some variety to the fights, and there is a nice brawl between him and Austin at the finale.Steve Austin (4/5):  AS the main villains right hand man Austin does a good job of making you hate his character.  His acting and fight performance is solid and brutal from start to finish.       Terry Crews (5/5):  I haven't really seen a whole lot of Terry Crews work, but he provided great balance to the crew.  Afterward we discussed how the only thing we didn't like about him was that he wasn't on screen enough.  His hallway rampage with his prized automatic shotgun was one of the definitive moments of the flick.       Mickey Rourke (1/5): Why was he in this movie again?  As Tool, The Expendables tattoo artist of choice, Rourke stays out of the action.  The whole movie's momentum is destroyed 60% in when him and Sly have a 12 minute conversation about.......Love?       Willis/The Governator:  We get one scene with these seasoned actors, but at least Sly has confirmed that Willis' CIA character will be returning in an extended role for The Expendables II.
0375713751|1.0|I simply do not know how this author passed this off as a best selling book.  I recently borrowed this book from the library when I learned it was to become a movie staring Sarah Jessica Parker and Christina Hendricks (who is one of my favorite actresses of all time).  When I began reading this book, it took a few pages to determine what was going so horribly wrong.  In the simplist terms, the books \\"heroine\\" is one of the least likeable characters ever written.  In her world, every task can only be completed correctly by herself.  Her nanny?  Incompetent.  Her boss?  A fool.  Her husband?  A slacker.  Her best friend?  Her mother?  Uneducated and naieve.  Coworkers?  Pigs.  The list goes on and on.  What makes this especially annoing is that Kate make daily huge errors in her own life,  but cannot tolerate any person around her who is less than perfect.  I am so glad i did not pay for this book.  I am hoping that the screenwriters can do something with this material to make it watchable.
B00275EHJQ|3.0|I gave this 3 stars not for the actual movie (which I loved by the way), but because the actual disc has problems playing.<br /><br />First of all the disc is auto set to 7.1 surround sound and caused nothing but loud static to be heard when we first tried playing it. This was able to be fixed by going into the options and changing the language to \\"English 5.1.\\" After switching the setting the audio was 95% corrected as from time to time there were skips in the audio that were annoying, but tolerable.<br /><br />The next thing that happened was towards the end during an intense part of the movie, the whole thing froze and then skipped forward about 5 minutes. By this point none of us wanted to try to go back and try to get the missing minutes since we had already had so much trouble with the audio.<br /><br />So in summary, this is not a review on the movie itself, but a review on the actual blu ray disc. I would personally recommend not buying this movie at this time. I really think that it's irresponsible for a company to put out a defective product especially on a movie that I know lots of people were anticipating and probably bought the instant it hit shelves. This is one of the reason that I try not to actually buy DVDs anymore and prefer to rent them.
B002BSHXJA|3.0|Being a Beatles nut since the early '60s, I looked forward to finding this box set at a reasonable price.  I finally found it on Amazon, and received 1st class service from them, as usual.  That said, I'm a bit disappointed in the product itself. I believe I have a sharp ear for music and had read many reviews detailing the difference between the remastered mono and stereo CDs.  I honestly didn't hear a lot of difference, and still prefer the remastered stereo versions, mainly for the greater separation that allows me to more easily pick out the various instruments and sounds more clearly.  But, being a Beatles nut, I'd have always wanted the mono versions anyway, so I'm glad I waited for a reasonable price and didn't jump when it first came out at prices around $300.
0449000729|5.0|Perfect condition even though it was classed as new.    The book itself is amazing! It follows the life of the area of Stonehenge for the end of the ice age to modern day. It is not a fast read but a truly fascinating one and VERY well worth the time.
B003UBTX7C|1.0|Got book for Xmas.  I am on page  116 and can go no further.He's living off past success. The camel club should vanish
B001BWQVUO|5.0|I've watched this DVD over and over again. Gustavo Dudamel is phenomenal. It also shows how beautiful Venezuela is, and the way of life for many of the musicians. This is a must have DVD for peoples libraries.
B003XMUFGQ|1.0|I must say, I was shocked by this CD. I ran to purchase as I love the old Eric Clapton, but what happened here?  The CD is not well produced and it is also not a good selection of songs.  It is hard for me to even give this a 1 star.
B00001QEBQ|5.0|To be honest I haven't watched this video, because it was a gift for a friend who loved watching it in the past and didn't have a copy.  I did receive it quickly and in perfect shape and I'm thankful for that!!
B00377V6J2|5.0|I recently discovered this CD after watching a special on PBS on the making of this recording.  It truley is iconic as are each of the performers.  What great music and amazing guitar skills - these two define the Blues!  If you dont have this in your collection, run to buy it now.  The vocals and plyaing are both to perfection.  No one did it better on a guitar than Stevie Ray!
B003Y5H4SY|3.0|I'm a huge Shyamalan fan. I've enjoyed most of his work, even the real duds like The Happening. The thing with Shyamalan films is that he can tell a good story, but his characters and character development are usually lackluster.     Devil, although a good story, suffers heavily because of the characters. Not only was the acting poor (I venture to say it was worse than Mark Wahlberg's performance in The Happening.) But the dialogue and character development were pitiful. At times I had to cringe at what was being said because it was just so...corny. And worst of all, the lack of character development didn't have me caring one bit about any of the characters in the elevator or outside of it. This is really disappointing because had Shyamalan spent a bit more time developing the characters and making the dialogue believable, this movie could have easily been a true survival horror classic.    Don't get me wrong, I did enjoy watching the film. It brought back good memories of when Shyamalan was king of the surprise endings. But even though it has a unique catch and a good story, it cannot overcome the bad acting, poor character development, and bad dialogue. This movie does give me hope for Shyamalan and after The Last Airbender...I needed it.
B0046MOVD0|2.0|Let me preface this review with the fact that I am a huge fan of the first film. Since then I have been muscling my way through each new installment. So if you are a die-hard fan of every installment, just pass this review up. If you feel the same way I do, then give it a go.    The problem I have with this franchise is the recycling of the same plotline, story, characters, etc. Each movie has Alice stumbling upon a ragtag group of survivors which normally include a bad-ass chick, a smart-ass, someone from the military, and a comic relief. Alice and the survivors she found in that given installment then proceed through a series of pointless plot points until almost all of the survivors are dead. Then there is a big final battle scene which usually includes some sort of self-sacrifice by someone and the movie ends with a cliff hanger. Take a look back at the last three sequels...if I'm off base at all, let me know.    Since all of the sequels are essentially duplicating their predecessors, nothing ever gets added to this franchise. I honestly don't feel like I know any more about Umbrella than I did from when the first film came out. All I know about Umbrella is that their employees like dark sunglasses and they really like building giant structures underground.    I had high hopes for this one considering the director of the first film was back in charge. But if anything, this is possibly the crappiest installment to date. The storyline is even more redundant (if possible), the acting is even more cheesier (if possible), and the characters are even more cliche (if possible.)     If you have a 3D tv, I'm betting the 3D version is a bit more watchable as the film is inundated with \\"in your face\\" action sequences. If you don't get the 3D version, there is probably little point in buying this movie unless you are a hardcore fan of the franchise.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|LOVED this entire series. I read all 3 books in one week. As a full time physician and mother of 2, that says a lot! I read until 3 am most nights as I could not put these books down! Well worth it.
0891419063|5.0|This is a book that should be read along with Robert Leckie's [[ASIN:0553593315 Helmet for My Pillow: From Parris Island to the Pacific]]. Sledge covers his experiences prior to volunteering for the US Marine Corps, boot camp, and the battles he experienced in the pacific war. One difference between this book and Helmet for My Pillow: Leckie's book came out in 1947, while Sledge's book came out in 1981. So, I thought Leckie's writing reveals how close in time the war was to him, while Sledge's book reflects the reality of the war that was embedded in his memory. Also, Sledge missed the early part of the Pacific War, while Leckie missed the latter part. Both are  excellent books.
0385504225|4.0|For some strange reason this Dan Brown read is not getting the same type of accolades as his other works. I loved this book! Once again, I was hanging on every word. A must read for any fan of Brown's. Non stop action and a very good plot.
B0021L8V0W|2.0|The plot if it can be called that, unfolded poorly. For action and suspense, this was heavy on action and almost no suspense (plot). If you like lots of gunfire this may be for you. If you like some type of story to go along with the gunfire, skip this one. Two starts for \\"action\\" and zero for plot. I really like Angelina Jolie in the Laura Croft movies, she is not very good in this one.
B0041CGOZS|5.0|Awesome! Only thing to make this album better would have been a few more hits but with so many to choose from?!
0316098337|4.0|I was taken into the book immediately but the story is so similar to the true story of the Amstettan scandal with the father who kept his daughter hostage in the cellar.  It didn't stop me from reading it but I couldn't stop comparing.
B003K1EYM6|5.0|Easy to use, works great, just plug it in, insert card or cord from camera and downloading begins. Great product and I am glad I purchased it.
B000Y7U98W|1.0|Just popped this disk in and the special features are auto on without the ability to turn off when using the Sony PS3 Blu Ray player.  PS3 tech support was unhelpful  That said, this is a great movie and would get 5 stars if I could watch the film.
B000SUKPKM|4.0|I love the music of the Goo Goo Dolls and this CD encompassed on their greats and I am enjoying them.
0439023521|4.0|The Hunger Games, for the most part, lives up to its hype.  The story is very interesting and emotionally involving.  This is definitely a book that sucks you in; I read it in a little over a day because I simply couldn't put it down.  Though the reader has an idea of where the plot will go (much of it is inevitable), there was still an element of unpredictability that kept me guessing and feeling the suspense.    However, the book has weaknesses, mostly because of the actual writing.  Collins came up with a great story but is not a very good writer.  The first person present tense style can get very annoying; it's a tricky style that takes a lot of skill to pull off, and Collins does not really have that skill.  The way Collins develops thoughts and emotions, as well as her pacing, is clumsy at times.  The main character can get annoying, though many of the other characters are more likable and inspire emotional responses from the reader.  I did not dislike Katniss at all, and rooted for her the whole way through, but she could be a bit exasperating.    Luckily, these flaws are outweighed by the book's strengths.  The Hunger Games is no literary masterpiece, but I thoroughly enjoyed reading it and am excited to see where the story goes in the rest of the trilogy.
B002ZG993Q|1.0|Makers of this movie have completely forgotten what movies are for: ENTERTAINMENT!  This movie is so lacking in that department that if you make half way through it, you no longer care how it ends.
B002VECM72|4.0|I certainly went into this film with pretty low expectations so to find that I actually liked the movie was suprising enough. To say that I liked it enough to recommend it to others was a revelation. Overall a well acted, well told story that is well rounded enough to give multiple points of view of characters and their motivations.
B00006JDVV|5.0|Such an ancient dragon may just as easily be uncovered sleeping underground in one of the many coal mines of eastern Kentucky ;-)
B001P06GX4|5.0|This game is a lot of fun.  We played with both 4 and 3 players and so far  have been enjoying it both ways.
1444714481|5.0|I bought this for my father who enjoys reading Grisham and is also an upper elementary school teacher. I thought he would enjoy reading it and perhaps be able to suggest it to his students who might be interested in reading books likes this -- especially boys.
0982743726|4.0|I really enjoyed this book. Cool hero with a dark past. Great characters. Good setting and a really, really great use of magic.<br />I bought it on the kindle and read it over a weekend. Really good read. Very good chapter breaks. Awesome plot twists abound.<br />I highly recommend this one. I love Joe Abercrombie and Malik (the hero in this book) reminds me of some Joe Abercrombie characters.
B001F9Y2CM|5.0|For every ABBA fan a must, no need to add anything else.  If not a fan try first a compilation then if you like go for the hard stuff like these albums.
0316098337|4.0|I really liked the idea of this novel---telling the story from a child's (who is also a victim) point of view... that's amazing and totally innovative!! but I just couldn't get used to the writing style--which reads as a child speaks. The story is told by the child, and that's fine, but I couldn't stand the language. Love kids, but I don't want to hear a child tell me a story for 3 hrs straight, youknow? It would have been better to only use the \\"child speak\\" when the child was engaging in dialogue.
0061997811|5.0|This book is a must-have for all fans of the Harry Potter movies. I was lost in it over christmas, and I know I will return to it again and again. Apart from telling the story of the stuff behind the movies, the props, the places, there is also little surprise items left here and there. This book is a treasure.
B004G8ZZHU|5.0|when i saw the previews for this movie i thought it wasn't really up to the original series and not worth my time to watch. the worst is seeing a great series remade into a crappy spinn-off.     but today i wanted to watch a movie and A-Team happened to be on the recommended list. I am not disappointed. The movie lived up to my memories of the original series and did something great - added on another level to the entertainment. it did lack some of the techie fun of the tv series, but it made up with it with original tricks and stunts and just a general fun ride.    well worth it for a watch and a trip down memory lane.
B001G8XON0|5.0|I really don't like writing reviews, but for this blu-ray I just HAVE to.<br /><br />As a HUGE Moulin Rouge! fan (I've seen it 54 times... yes, I'm a crazy person, hehe) I can tell you that this blu-ray transfer is beyond perfect.<br /><br />When I bought it I knew it was gonna look great. I mean, this movie was made for blu-ray. But boy! did I underestimated its power?<br /><br />The image is crystal clear and the colors pop like nothing you've ever seen. All the blues are bright royal blue. The reds look extra passionate. And the blacks are extraordinarily deep. The amount of grain is just perfect. And the image is so sharp you can see everything from the smallest scratch on the floor, to the tiniest crack on the walls, to the pores on the actors skins and even the small veins in Kidman's eyes.<br /><br />The sound is rich and absolutely delicious. You can hear every.single.whisper in the background. And the music sounds even better.<br /><br />The extras are the same as those in the DVD Collector's Edition, so they're great and a lot.<br /><br />And well, I won't even begin to describe the movie itself cause you could get 50 pages or more of me describing how amazing and perfect it is. So I'll just stick to the quality of the transfer and disc.<br /><br />I have enjoyed a large variety of blu-rays which looked absolutely stunning (Kung Fu Panda, Wall-E, Ratatouille, Pirates of The Caribbean, etc.), but I've never seen anything like this.<br /><br />I have a 46-inch TV so the quality of the image sometimes suffers a tiny bit because of the size, but with this blu-ray I didn't perceive the tiniest flaw.<br /><br />So, if you really wanna completely enjoy the full capacities of your Full HD TV, this is the disc to buy.<br /><br />I'm still in awe of how perfect everything looked and sound.<br /><br />A must-have for any Moulin Rouge! fan, any movie fan, and any HD fan.
B004EC937G|5.0|Like many others, I was taken in fully and completely by Duffy's fantastic debut, 'Rockferry', but I seem to be standing in the midst of a more modest group actively championing this album. With 'Rockferry', I find that I have to be in the right mood to listen to the work as a whole, or even to pluck a song or two out for a quick Duffy fix. 'Endlessly', on the other hand, is the perfect soundtrack to everything. It's musically and lyrically compelling, and crafted to be exactly what it is: a perfect pop record, with the definition of 'pop' here having the original and true meaning of the term (i.e., 'pop' in the same sense that The Beatles were a pop band, The Beach Boys were a pop band, Linda Ronstadt was a pop singer, etc.). Songs like 'Girl' epitomize this concept, and this record, by fully capturing both the timeless allure of classic Motown and the neo-psychedelic wanderlust of the Paisley Underground movement that brought forth acts such as The Bangles, The Three O'Clock, and Mazzy Star simultaneously. There was once a time when musicians made albums--generally 10 tracks deep, all roughly the same length but displaying a variety of styles and feelings and emotions, with the whole thing clocking in at about 30 minutes--designed to be listened to as a single piece of art. That time, sadly, has become mostly lost in today's truly dead 'pop' culture, but there are some artists--true artists, like Duffy--who refuse to bow to the pressures of modernity. 'Endlessly' is a true pop masterpiece, a brilliant album that will forever remain a touchstone in my life. I'm unabashedly in love with this record and am already anxiously awaiting Duffy's next one. And even though she'll undoubtedly be driven by the powers-that-be toward an overall sound more palatable to today's disposable youth 'culture' (sic) next go-round, Duffy's timeless voice and inherent brilliance will shine through once more. If I could award 6 stars here, I would.
B0006HJEMC|4.0|I got this for my six year old boy because he loves putting things together, and the Titanic is his new obsession. I knew it was going to be small seeing as how it is on a scale of 1/1200, but I didn't realize just how darn small that was until it came. The ship itself, once constructed, is no longer than the length of a woman's small hand. Any of the pieces that were to put together were way too tiny and his grandfather had to do most of it. So it wasn't the success I had hoped for. He still plays with it, but it is too small to appreciate any of the details, and we found a much larger version that he got for Christmas and that one is much for interesting for him to play with. I wouldn't say this was a bad item, just not good for a young child who loves details and wants to do it by themselves.
B0042RJWTC|3.0|I bought this series in its entirety for my mother as a Christmas gift.  She had watched the series on Showtime, rented it on Netflix and still wanted to own and watch it again.  She is a Tudor history buff and she had enjoyed every minute of the series.  The dialogue is rich, costumes and settings sumptuous and the story engrossing.  She is 84 years old and also used the closed captioning whenever she watched it.  Although the discs do have have a closed caption selection under the language/audio settings the cursor automatically skips over it.  When we try to get closed caption through her dvd/tv we get a message saying there are no closed captions.  This was a huge disappointment.  I don't know if it is a defect and there does not seem to be a way to contact anyone other than to return the series to Amazon.  I went online and discovered that other people had encountered the same problem.[[ASIN:B0042RJWTC The Tudors: The Complete Series]]
0545265355|5.0|The books by Suzanne Collins are awesome books for young adults....my grandchildren have been spellbound and are hard pressed to put the books away for the evening! Great gift choice!
0345505387|1.0|Honestly, I was horrified. So much so, that I returned it without glancing at more than a few pages. From the uber-buxomness of Claire to the scoobydoo-ness of Jamie, if I had looked at it anymore than I did I think it would have ruined  further reading of any more books by Gabaldon. I have read each novel in the Outlander and John Grey series' a few times and totally love them. The novels are a work of art, really. This graphic \\"novel\\" is definetly NOT.
B000006OBQ|4.0|I gave this item four stars due to the condition of the case.I ordered it new and it came to me new but all the fingers that hold the cd were broke.As for the cd, perfect condition. The music? five stars, Great! Frank and Count are the swingingest, coolest cats ever. Nobody does it like this anymore.
0399536108|5.0|Chris Guillebeau is very motivating.  This book shows you that you really can do whatever you want.  Nothing is impossible if you just think outside the box.  So many people are stuck in their ways and are so used to going along with the herd that they feel like the just can't do something different, the question is \\"why cant you?\\"  This book motivated me to get going on some project I had been putting off.  I would highly recommend it if you are ready to break out of the old habits of the 9-5 and do something new.
B0042MEQVG|5.0|My granddaughter requested this most recent movie from the Twilight saga.  She was very happy to get it.  She's a very big fan of Edward and Bella.
B002ZG994U|4.0|I rented this movie with Amazon On-Demand, and it was enjoyable.  Not the kind of movie that I have to own, but it stayed true to what the Series was, and yet it added something different.  I wish all remakes of tv could be this faithful.  It was close enough with different actors, that it did not make me want to hate it, and yet it was jazzed up enough to make it more better.
B002PMV9FG|4.0|what can i say, i never got into potter series.<br /><br />it was a gift, they seemed to enjoy it.
B002ZG993Q|2.0|They used to make movies like this to feature actors who weren't good with dialog, or even English.  I'll bet everybody has seen some of these \\"man of few words\\" films.  I can see how people would be taken in by the long silences, the staring into space and the nice views of the countryside.  But that doesn't change the fact that this is just 2 standard themes.  (1) hit man takes on one last job and (2) hit man wants to quit but he's in so deep, he can't quit.  These are the fundamentals of film noir; someone has a past they cannot escape, they make a few friends along the way but ultimately, they're washed up.  Sometimes, there is redemption, but that one last chance at happiness is not to be.<br /><br />I thought there might be a twist somewhere but when he was assembling the gun it was obvious that he was the target (see item #2, above).  I don't feel like I'm giving anything away since this is obvious.  Not a real European feel here either, as they like movies that don't really have an ending and leave you wondering.  Not that any of this is bad but it's hardly imaginative or thought provoking.
0439023513|2.0|The review title says it all.  I loved the first two books but feel that Mockinjay must have been written in a hurry.  I am only three quarters of the way through, and I am bored.  Seems the writer lost focus.  At this point, I do not even care how it ends.  Very, very disappointed:(
B004B4J7H8|2.0|Don't get me wrong, some of the tracks are beautifully composed, but if you played this for someone, they would never guess it's Harry Potter.
B003ZJ70W4|1.0|and 50% is a failing grade.  This was one of the most atrocious films I have ever seen - karoke, camels and calling a cab by showing your legs in a foreign country and a whole lot of things you have to suspend intelligence to believe - ladies of SATC, how far you have fallen.  I dont know if the writers ran out of time, ideas - both?  but I have to think that at some point someone said - this really is bull, but fans will still eat it up, let's make some money!  If you really love SATC, watch some series DVDs, even watch the first Sex and the City - it's 10 times better than this one, and I only gave it 3 stars.  Don't waste your time or money on this.  I wish I had not.
B00122FYQA|1.0|Like so many others have said, this soundtrack has none of the charm of the other ones. It fits the movie well enough while you're watching, but if you listen to it independently, you're not going to have any flashbacks. None of this music is going to get stuck in your head.
B0036TGSIK|5.0|I first took notice of Emma Stone in \\"House Bunny\\" where she played an ugly duckling sorority girl turned swan.  She more than held her own with Anna Faris which is no small accomplishment.  She was good in \\"Zombieland\\" but that was more of an ensemble film that didn't allow her to stand out.  \\"Easy A\\" is not only a starring vehicle for Stone but allows her to spread her wings and shine.  The film is basically a retelling of \\"The Scarlet Letter\\" by way of John Hughes.  Stone plays Olive, an independent thinking high-school student whose iconoclasm stymies her efforts to fit in.  Olive embellishes to a friend a tale of her losing her virginity and the ensuing firestorm takes her by surprise.  At first Olive is bemused but then decides to use her newfound notoriety to her financial advantage.  As her reputation as a tramp escalates Olive feeds the flames but the results begin to backfire on her.  \\"Easy A\\" makes some interesting points about the teen class system, sex, and morality.  This is easily the best comedy of the year.  Stone was recently nominated for a Golden Globe in the Comedy-Musical category.  It's not a stretch seeing her nominated for an Oscar this year even though the actress category is going to be highly competitive.
0679422714|1.0|I came away trying to read this in the library to learn about Mao but honestly I couldn't go much beyond 50 pages without putting this back on the shelf and feeling disgusted. How anyone can mistake this for anything but a vitriolic one sided Mao bashing book is beyond me. The tone used in this book doesn't even try to hide the author's bias in faux scholarly impartiality. Most of the texts in this book consists of subjective opinions and anecdotal hearsay that paint and demonize Mao in the worst light possible.    The image you receive from this book is that Mao was this selfish oversexed playboy that lived in extravagant palaces all over China.... that made me laugh right there... but that's not all! Apparently he was a disgusting man who like to kill people for fun as well. Christ.    I think books like these are published solely so anti-china interest groups have something to quote and reference from, then when they actually do their anti-china scapegoating, they can pull references from books like these and offer them as \\"proof\\". Sad thing is, I think the uninformed public who's never actually read the book would actually believe it.
B002XTXG1G|2.0|I was very excited to get this movie. I was very disappointed when I watched it. It pretty much sucked.
0194715094|5.0|I used this book to teach English to Spanish-speaking adults learning English starting from zero, and this is an amazing book.  The textbook is laid out in an easy to follow format, and grammar points are presented first in context so that it is natural for students.  The book encourages students to figure out grammar rules for themselves (after seeing examples of it used correctly) before grammar explanations are presented.  There are a variety of activities to help students master correct use of English (choosing between one of two correct sentences, making corrections to incorrect sentences, and matching the beginning and ending of a sentence) which serve as a bridge to effective writing and speaking.  I have found the PreIntermediate version equally effective and hope that the elementary version is in stock again soon so I can order it for my students!
B002ZG993Q|2.0|Sometimes you wonder what film makers are thinking. Though nice to look at, there's not much going on here, that hasn't been done to death...and done a lot better. Hit man wants out of the biz...Stop. Feels bad for his past and reluctantly seeks redemption...Stop. Maybe they were going for the whole Eruo-vibe of quiet, pensive moments broken up with gratuitous female nudity. I don't have a problem with the nudity...trust me, but can I get a plot that's not so thin. Really, I can handle it. Try to fool me, in fact. I like when a film takes that task to heart; fool the audience. Only the trailer will fool you in this one, folks.    This is slow, at times boring, hell at times it's \\"sigh\\" inducing. There can only have been twenty pages of total dialogue. Being quiet and understated doesn't make a film good anymore than incessant rambling by the characters (think Tarrantino's \\"Death Proof\\") Clooney does his best to be icy and his character isn't all that likable. If I want to watch a silent movie, I'll watch TCM. Better served as a travelogue for Italy than an entertaining film. Entertain me, and if you can challenge me a little while you're at it? Great! Don't bore me. The American misses its mark.
1439107955|5.0|My 50 year old daughter was diagnosed with breast cancer on her birthday....Nov. 5th...I first called my library for the book, and there was a 2 month wait...so, I immediately purchased the book...it is a keeper!  It is a definitive history of cancer, and as a nurse, I enjoyed reading the basic truths...and the statistics...it reiterated what I felt were the main causes of cancer, prevention is the cure, the oncology drugs, the specific cases the Dr. shared, on an on...well written and well researched!
B00337KM2S|1.0|There are often times the wooden political influenced motion picture academy of arts and sciences makes grave errors. Off hand I can think of two: not nominating Christian Bale for one of the greatest youth roles in the history of cinema, as 'Jim' in Spielberg's epic 'Empire of the Sun' and two not nominating Streisand as Best Director when Conroy's adaptation of the stellar 'Prince of Tides' was nominated for Best Picture.<br /><br />Here then is another foible of incoherent nonsense the Academy offered as a Best Picture for the cravings of absolute boredom and ineptness. This truly was a gawker, a complete and total meltdown of cinema.<br /><br />\\"Oh look at me, I'm an intellectual, oh look at me, this movie is for me, oh look at me the rabid coherent neanderthal who thinks anyone that doesn't 'get' this film, is sub-par to most other human beings, because we only like 'bam bam-knock em dead movies', oh look at me and my elite, upper east side tupaware party, PTA mom friends who will get together for dry martini's after this viewing and talk about how 'emotionally gratifying' it was that a film can touch on the 'pseudo' elites lifestyle.....oh look at me, I'm sophisticated, and well if you aren't you just wont get the film, so go watch it again, and if you still dont get it, well then go back to your Transformers, because your feeble mind could never grasp something so pure, driven; a film with such subtle nuances that it touches at the very heart and soul of life...\\"---><br /><br />Yeah that is what people say to those who give this work of contemptible garbage 1 star. Ohhhhhh all art housey, all bon vivant style acting, from the upper crust of gutter stylish hollywood. Ohh 'it so relates to our times in a way that the actors really touch on personal issues facing all of us and the deeper meaning of and endless search for happiness, when happiness is wafting all around us'. The Academy is an utter atrocity, nominating films like this and the horrid, deplorable Hurt Locker...but then again we know why Formiga Vermigo, Fermogo Verpevo, got nominated because of that little article in that big publication...save it, Nominations have raraly been about the pinnacle of the craft, if that were the case people like Sam Rockwell, Ed Norton, Mike York, Liam Neeson, Sam Elliott, John Malkovich and Joe Levitt, would have won multiple times, for multiple roles..... wahhhhhhh wahhhhh wahhhh<br /><br />wahhhhh wahhh so what I didn't like it, but that doesn't make me less of a human being or less of some type of these amazon hack intellectuals claim that you are if you DONT like it. In fact if you are one of those people who think this movie is the greatest work of pure art since, well I dont know, JewNo, or the like, or Out of Africa, well let me tell you, these are the kind of people I WANT NOTHING to do with. Go have your cheap Chardonnay in your beach homes in wildwood NJ, with your stiff, fake vanilla friends, and I will get along just fine, NOT being one of THOSE intellectuals, but still manage (I KNOW I KNOW>>>>>>>hard to imagine, but...).....still manage to not only enjoy films like Au Revoir Les Enfants, Flight of the Red Balloon, Europa Europa, Scent of the Green Papaya, Like Water for Chocolate and The Village, but also films like Donnie Darko, Transformers, or the next JAMES CAMERON EPIC.....<br /><br />You have seriously, SERIOUSLY have got to be kidding me....in we know why Formiga Vermigo, Fermogo Verpevo, got nominated because of that little article in that big publication...save it, Nominations have raraly been about the pinnacle of the craft, if that were the case people like Sam Rockwell, Ed Norton, Mike York, Liam Neeson, Sam Elliott, John Malkovich and Joe Levitt, would have won multiple times, for multiple roles..... wahhhhhhh wahhhhh wahhhh     wahhhhh wahhh so what I didn't like it, but that doesn't make me less of a human being or less of some type of these amazon hack intellectuals claim that you are if you DONT like it. In fact if you are one of those people who think this movie is the greatest work of pure art since, well I dont know, JewNo, or the like, or Out of Africa, well let me tell you, these are the kind of people I WANT NOTHING to do with. Go have your cheap Chardonnay in your beach homes in wildwood NJ, with your stiff, fake vanilla friends, and I will get along just fine, NOT being one of THOSE intellectuals, but still manage (I KNOW I KNOW>>>>>>>hard to imagine, but...).....still manage to not only enjoy films like Au Revoir Les Enfants, Flight of the Red Balloon, Europa Europa, Scent of the Green Papaya, Like Water for Chocolate and The Village, but also films like Donnie Darko, Transformers, or the next JAMES CAMERON EPIC.....    You have seriously, SERIOUSLY have got to be kidding me....
B002SJKWZ4|4.0|This wand operates on 2 AAA batteries, which are included.<br /><br />BUILD QUALITY<br />The whole thing is made of plastic.  Kind of disappointing for an item that costs almost a Benjamin.  The quality of the plastic is mediocre.  It's definitely not the same quality of solid plastic you'd find on a DSLR.  The metal end of the wand where the batteries are inserted is not metal, just metal plated plastic.  That part is the cheapest feeling part of the wand.  There's also a green, plastic gem-like accent, which cheapens the overall look/feel of the wand rather than enhance it.  They could've at least used a real metal end cap with a glass accent gem.  The end cap is a bit difficult to screw on and off the wand.<br /><br />LOOKS<br />Overall, the wand looks really similar to its pictures on the web.  However, the metal end piece looks cheaper in real life.  It does come with a really nice sheet of instructions, definitely several grades up from the cheap instructions that come from Ikea products.<br /><br />OPERATION<br />This wand is able to learn 13 functions.  11 of them are fairly easy to master.  However, there are 2 gestures that are almost impossible to execute.  Here's a list of all the gestures, listed in order from easiest to impossible to do:<br /><br />- Big swish<br />- Flick up<br />- Flick down<br />- Flick left<br />- Flick right<br />- Tap on top<br />- Double-tap on top<br />- Rotate clockwise (do it slowly)<br />- Rotate counter-clockwise (do it slowly)<br />- Push forward<br />- Pull back<br />* Tap on side (never works)<br />* Double-tap on side (never works)<br /><br />The wands gives you feedback by vibrating.  It vibrates different numbers of times to return different types of feedback confirmations. It would've been SO MUCH COOLER if the tip of the wand glowed (like in the movie) to show feedback.<br /><br />SUMMARY<br />This wand looks decent and works fairly well.  It's definitely fun to use and your friends will all want to attend Hogwartsafter they watch you cast spells and magically control your tv!  However, this product could be so much better, wait for version 2!
B0043RSE2M|5.0|I've seen this advertised but didn't figure I would care for it, being an adult with grown kids and such. Well, my daughter got this for me as a Christmas gift, and that evening we all watched it together. The 3D effects are as good as you see in any theater these days, but the jist of it all is that I laughed nearly the entire length of the movie. IMHO, the movie does what it is supposed to do, transport us for a couple of hours and entertain. It still may not be for everyone, but it does appeal to a broad audience. If you have kids, you can relate to it. If you are a kid, you can relate as well. I was pleasantly suprised, and laughed until I cried. Reminded me of some of the \\"old\\" cartoons I watched as a kid.
B0015DROBO|5.0|if my brother reads a book all the way through, i kmow it is something worth reading. get it and read it now.
030746363X|5.0|WEIGHT LOSS SECTION<br /><br />Last summer I lost 18 pounds, getting down to 6% body fat. This enabled me to finish 29th in the Pikes Peak Ascent, which climbs nearly 8000 feet in 13.5 miles and was the 7th Annual World Mountain Running Association (WMRA) Long Distance Challenge. I received the award for 1st place in the 45-49 age group.<br /><br />Ferriss advocates keeping your blood sugar even, i.e., avoiding spikes and drops by eating low on the glycemic index. I've done this for nearly 25 years and I believe it's the most important dietary advice. Ferriss should have mentioned that Barry Sears' Zone Diet books go into more detail on low-glycemic eating; there are more health benefits besides losing weight. Sears' website also sells products that help with this diet, e.g., high-protein, low-glycemic index pasta. Ferriss recommends lemon juice or cinnamon to lower the glycemic index of foods, something I'd never heard of. He could have mentioned that Celestial Seasonings makes a cinnamon tea, called GingerBread Spice, that you can drink with a meal instead of putting cinnamon in foods.<br /><br />Even though I've eaten low-glycemic foods for nearly 25 years my weight had crept up a little each year. Last summer I tightened up my diet but lost only 3 pounds in 7 weeks. I then discovered a technique that Ferriss doesn't mention: \\"Eat breakfast like a king, lunch like a queen, and supper like a pauper.\\" A thin French friend told me this is how Europeans stay thin. I ate big breakfasts with protein (fish, lean meat, eggs, etc.), protein shakes with spirulina around noon, big lunches around 3pm, and then just a green salad or fruit salad in the evening, enough to not go to bed hungry. I then lost 15 pounds in 12 weeks.<br /><br />Ferriss has good advice for eating low on the glycemic index: not eating white sugar, white flour, and other refined carbohydrates; and not drinking calories, e.g., fruit juice packs a lot of sugar. He also says to eat the same few meals over and over. This makes staying on your diet easy.<br /><br />Ferriss recommends not eating fruit, because fructose converts to glycerol phosphate that facilitates fat storage. I'm skeptical of this, because fruits are more than just fructose, e.g., they have fiber. Just because a reaction occurs in vitro (in a test tube) doesn't mean the same thing will happen in vivo (in a living person). Given his huge fan base maybe he could ask a few hundred of his blog readers to divide into two groups, one of which eats fruit and the other doesn't, and see who loses more weight. I'll bet the non-fruit eaters will substitute another sweet that is more fattening and lose less weight.<br /><br />Ferriss recommends taking one day off a week from your diet and eating anything (and everything) you want. He says that this \\"binge\\" day will support weight loss by keeping your metabolism high. Again, I'm skeptical and I'd like to see a clinical trial. However, last summer I did a \\"binge day\\" every week without realizing it. I had a race every week and after each race ate whatever I wanted the rest of the day.<br /><br />Ferriss recommends not eating dairy, as it has a high insulinemic response despite its low glycemic index.<br /><br />When Ferriss advocated a high-protein diet, recommending that I eat almost 200 grams of protein per day, my first reaction was \\"What about the China Study?\\" This book, by Colin and Thomas Campbell, correlated animal-based diets with cancer, and recommended eating a plant-based (vegan) diet. Ferriss's website has a link to Christopher Masterjohn's critique of \\"The China Study.\\" Colin Campbell's study with rats fed aflatoxin (one of the most potent carcinogens) found that a diet with 20% casein (one of the proteins in milk) led to every rat developing cancer, when none of the rats whose diet was 5% casein developed cancer. Apparently casein signals your cells to grow, which is good if you're a baby but not good if you have cancer. Masterjohn then shows how the Campbells extrapolated this one study to say that all milk proteins facilitate cancer growth, when whey (another milk protein) doesn't facilitate cancer growth, and to say that all animal protein facilitates cancer growth (also not true).<br /><br />Ferris says that canned and frozen foods are just as good as fresh. I agree with him regarding canned beans, but I believe that fresh fruits and vegetables are necessary for my health. Ferriss correctly points out that my grandmother, born in Poland in 1904, ate one orange each year, on Christmas. But my grandmother was tiny compared my cousins and myself. One of the clerks at the natural foods supermarket near my house is 25 and was diagnosed with cancer, diabetes, and heart disease. He switched to a raw foods diet and all of his health problems disappeared. He told me that previously he ate a \\"standard American diet,\\" i.e., packaged processed foods. I've always eaten big salads, both green salads and fruit salads. If I don't eat raw foods, e.g., when traveling, after a couple days I crave raw foods. I don't know whether raw foods diets work due to something in raw foods, e.g., enzymes that are destroyed by heat, or if these diets work because of what's not in them, e.g., packaged processed foods. Ferriss recommends eating slowly, and raw foods take time to eat. When I make a big salad for breakfast with greens, beans, and smoked salmon it takes me all morning to finish it.<br /><br />Ferriss doesn't mention spirulina. I put two tablespoons in my mid-day protein shake. Spirulina is arguably the perfect food, if you can handle the swamp taste. It's high in protein, with balanced amino acids; includes essential fatty acids; vitamins, especially the B vitamins lacking in vegetarian diets; minerals; and photosynthetic pigments, i.e., it's really green.<br /><br />Ferriss suggests cold exposure (cold showers or ice baths) to lose weight, gain muscle, treat insomnia, boost immunity, treat depression, and increase testosterone and sperm count. Dathan Ritzenhein used a cryosuana, exposed to -275 degree nitrogen vapors for 2.5 minutes, the day before the New York Marathon, where he finished 8th in 2:12.  At first I was skeptical of Ferris's claim that cold exposure aids weight loss because I keep the house cold all winter and exercise outside 2+ hours a day, often in sub-zero temperatures, and I gain weight every winter. Then I realized that Ferriss is right. Cold exposure makes me crave peanut butter sandwiches and other high fat, calorie-dense foods. In the summer I resist cravings relatively easily but in the winter the cravings are more powerful. I'm sure that if I resisted cravings brought on by cold exposure I'd lose weight fast.<br /><br />I like this book because it's a collection of new ideas that Ferriss personally tried. 25 years ago I felt like Diogenes with his lamp, except instead of looking for an honest man I was looking for new ideas. In the 1980s new ideas were few and far between. Now with the Internet I feel blessed to live in an age in which new ideas circulate rapidly. Typically each new idea has a single advocate so it's hard to compare whether this idea is better than that idea, unless you take the time (and expense) to try several ideas. Ferriss did just that and is reporting his experiences. In contrast, Andrew Weil writes about the same materials but with an affect of authority, as he's a doctor and reads scientific studies. Ferriss's affect is \\"I'm a regular guy just like you, I'm not an expert, but I'm intelligent and I can read scientific studies too, and here's what happened when I tried this...\\" Another reviewer said that Ferriss's book is his new \\"bible.\\" I don't agree with that. If you want a \\"bible,\\" read Andrew Weil. If you want interesting ideas and personal experiences, read Ferriss.<br /><br />ADDING MUSCLE SECTION<br /><br />I'm not interested in body building so I skimmed this section. However, this section made me realize how different bodybuilders are from outdoor athletes. Or at least how different Ferriss and I are. Later he talks about learning to run and to swim, i.e., these are new skills for him. He doesn't mention cycling or playing team sports. Before reading this section I hadn't realized how many drugs bodybuilders take! (Ferriss suggests googling \\"Andreas Munzer autopsy\\".)<br /><br />Ferriss doesn't include a chapter about integrating exercise into your daily life. E.g., riding a bike to work instead of driving, or joining a mixed-gender softball team to meet singles. I don't like going to gyms, I only exercise when it's fun or there's a purpose.<br /><br />IMPROVING SEX SECTION<br /><br />This section starts with how non-orgasmic women can learn to masturbate, e.g., by reading Betty Dodson's book. I watched Dodson's video about ten years ago and one item remains with me clearly: Dodson tells women to schedule three to four hours when they want to masturbate!<br /><br />Ferriss shows some improved positions for couples. My wife and I tried these and she was unimpressed (but then she's never had problems with orgasms).<br /><br />The next chapter explains how Ferriss increased his testosterone 2.5 times: vitamins, ice baths, and cholesterol (egg yolks and steaks). I nearly tripled my testosterone (from barely over 300 to just under 900) by taking a contact improv dance class. Three times a week a dozen sweaty young women and I rolled our bodies over and under each other. (Contact improv is like gymnastics except you use your partner instead of vaults and balance beams.) The pheromones in young women's sweat increases men's testosterone. Someday someone will make a fortune collecting young women's sweat and selling it to middle-aged men. There were also young men in the class, whose sweat literally made me weak and nauseous until I showered. Ferriss doesn't say that lifting weights in gyms surrounded by sweaty young men might lower your testosterone.<br /><br />Ferriss doesn't discuss why you might not want to increase your testosterone. Testosterone causes baldness, and your hair doesn't grow back if you later lower your testosterone. Testosterone doesn't make you faster: gelding race horses are just as fast as stallions. Ferriss says that when his testosterone was high he literally turned women's heads in restaurants. My experience in the dance class was that the young women literally jumped in the laps of the gay men at the start of class. If they couldn't partner with a gay man then they partnered with women. Every class I'd look around when the instructor said to find a partner, and the only available partners were the other two straight men. We'd do the first exercise together half-heartedly and then ask women to partner with us. Testosterone may have made the women avoid us.<br /><br />Ferriss doesn't mention that women might want to increase their testosterone. I've read that testosterone is the most effective anti-depressant for women. It also increases their libido. Listen to This American Life's podcast #220: a transgender female-to-male talks about what it was like to receive testosterone injections; and a man who had a medical condition that eliminated testosterone in his body, with the result that he achieved a Buddha-like state of desiring nothing. I performed these two characters in a play, my favorite line was from the transgender man: \\"Testosterone makes life challenging, but it makes you love the challenges.\\"<br /><br />The next chapter is about declining sperm count. Ferriss suggests getting your sperm frozen before you're 35, which I did. His other advice is to not carry your cellphone in your pocket (I don't). He barely mentions other ideas such as not drinking out of plastic bottles, avoiding soy foods, and wearing loose boxer shorts instead of tighty whities.<br /><br />OTHER SECTIONS<br /><br />The next section is about insomnia. He suggests all sorts of gadgets, cold baths, foods, etc. but doesn't suggest cutting out caffeine. Getting back to cold exposure, I support Ferriss's claim that cold exposure aids sleep. In the upper Midwest people say \\"good sleeping weather\\" to describe cold nights. I sleep well when I let the house drop below 50 degrees and pile blankets on my bed.<br /><br />Next is a section on reversing \\"permanent\\" injuries. My massage therapist (whose wife is a physical therapist) was impressed with this section, esp. the Egoscue recommendation.<br /><br />Next is a section on medical tourism (saving money by going to foreign countries for medical treatment).<br /><br />Next, Ferriss recommends preventing injuries by getting a Functional Movement Screen (FMS) test. FMS measures left-right differences in strength and balance. I'm putting this on my to-do list.<br /><br />RUNNING SECTION<br /><br />I'm 48 and this year ran a 5:08 mile, an 18:09 5K, and a 37:48 10K. I qualified for All-American in a 3000-meter race and I win an age group award in most races. I only run about 3 hours a week: two 45-minute track workouts plus a 1.5-hour club run. An exercise physiologist was amazed that I have a VO2-max of 59 and run this fast on 3 hours a week. Then I said that I walk my dog 2 hours a day, plus we hike twice a week, mixing speedwalking, easy jogging, and stopping to pee every 30 feet. The exercise physiologist said that I have the perfect training plan: a base of daily easy exercise with a few short but intense workouts.<br /><br />Ferriss recommends running with the Pose technique. I've done this for five years and this has been the best thing I've ever done to improve my running, both for increasing speed and minimizing injuries. Ferriss doesn't mention that the same technique has other names, including Chi Running and Evolution Running.<br /><br />Ferriss' description of the Pose technique is excellent but he only has photos of himself (before and after). His \\"before\\" photos are clearly wrong but his \\"after\\" photos aren't much better, likely because he just doesn't run fast. (His 24-minute 5K is what we politely call \\"mid-pack\\".) He should have included photos of faster runners who do the Pose Technique better.<br /><br />Ferriss' 12-week workout schedule is good. The main workout is 800-meter repeats, beginning with two the first week and moving up to six in later weeks. Ferriss doesn't explain why this workout is so important. Running workouts (to oversimplify) either train leg speed or cardiovascular (heart and lungs). 800 meters is three minutes for Ferriss. If you run intervals longer than 3 minutes you don't maximize leg speed. If you run less than 3 minutes you don't maximize heart rate. 3-minute repeats are two workouts in one, training both leg speed and cardiovascular. Ferriss should have explained that you run three minutes, not 800 meters, i.e., a slower runner could run 600 meters, when I run 900 meters and a pro might knock off 1200's. Do two of these the first week and gradually build up to five, or six if you're an animal like Ferriss. All should be equal distance, which means that your first interval feels easy and the last interval is maximum effort.<br /><br />Ferriss' schedule also includes 100-meter and 200-meter leg speed workouts. This is excellent advice for slow runners trying to get faster. Too many joggers run for miles at a slow pace and never get faster. He also did longer 5K and 10K runs to build endurance, and did some hill repeats to build the strength necessary for trail running. He doesn't mention that the 100-meter repeats should be barefoot on grass, to teach you good form.<br /><br />Ferriss recommends Inov-8 running shoes. I use Nike Frees. He rightly denigrates Newtons and warns against running barefoot (e.g., Vibram Five Fingers), except for strides on grass.<br /><br />Fueling during long races is an important subject that Ferriss doesn't adequately cover. But I'll give you a tip that'll make your next race faster. Clear your gastrointestinal tract by not eating solid food for at least 12 hours before the race (i.e., drink only juice and energy drinks). Digestion demands up to 40% of your blood so not having anything in your gut at the start line will provide more blood to your muscles.<br /><br />GETTING STRONGER<br /><br />Here's where Ferriss presents weightlifting for runners, based on Barry Ross (coach of Olympic gold medalist Allyson Felix). I don't do weightlifting so these ideas were all new to me.<br /><br />Ferriss gives two reasons why runners should do strength training (weightlifting). First, distance runners have weak sodium-potassium pumps. The sodium-potassium pump is what enables muscles to return to relaxation after contracting. The discoverer of the sodium-potassium pump won the Nobel Prize. Strength training improves the sodium-potassium pump.<br /><br />Second, greater ground force support (applying force to the ground at landing) is more important than moving your legs faster.<br /><br />The recommended strength training is in three stages. First, speedwalking 15 minutes three times a week. I do speedwalking because it gives me leg speed without wearing me out. Ferriss says to start with four weeks of speedwalking.<br /><br />The second stage is weightlifting. Three times per week you do dynamic stretching, then bench presses or push-ups, then deadlifting, in which you lift the weights only to your knees. Ross's athletes deadlift three times their bodyweight! Finish with an exercise called the Torture Twist to strengthen your core muscles.<br /><br />The third stage is speedwork on the track. The distances are short. Ross's sprinters, who don't compete in distances longer then 400 meters, don't run more than 70 meters in training. No advice is given for distance runners, but Ferriss's other coach telling him to run 800-meter repeats to train for a 50-kilometer race sounds similar to Ross's short interval speedwork.<br /><br />Ferriss doesn't mention the one type of weightlifting I do, which is essential for avoiding calf injuries when running with the Pose Technique. Some people call these \\"toe lifts,\\" I call them \\"heel lifts.\\" Stand barefoot on a stair on your toes. Lower your heels below your toes. Then raise yourself as high as you can. This strengthens your calf muscles. Start with both feet, then go to one foot as you get stronger.<br /><br />SWIMMING SECTION<br /><br />Ferriss recommends Total Immersion Swimming. I did Total Immersion Swimming about five years ago and agree with Ferriss. Before, I panicked and tried to swim fast to avoid drowning. I could swim only two lengths of the pool before reaching anaerobic fatigue. Total Immersion Swimming first taught me to float in the water without panicking. Then you learn to paddle around slowly. Then you improve your form step by step to become more efficient (hydrodynamic), so effortless paddling actually moves you through the water easily. Eventually you're swimming back and forth across the pool completely relaxed.<br /><br />Another chapter teaches you to hit baseballs harder. Another chapter explains how to hold your breath for three minutes.<br /><br />LIFE EXTENSION SECTION<br /><br />First, Ferriss rejects calorie restriction as it's a miserable life. He similarly rejects restricting ejaculations (i.e., Dr. Strangelove). He rejects resveratrol because it interferes with estrogen. I stopped taking resveratrol because it interferes with thyroid function (I'm hypothyroid). He rejects some other life extension drugs. He recommends creatine monohydrate for preventing Alzheimers, Parkinson's, and Huntington's if your family has a history of these diseases. He also recommends intermittent fasting or just not eating protein for a day. He also recommends that men donate blood to reduce iron.<br /><br />Ferriss doesn't talk about DHEA, the anti-aging hormone I take. DHEA is the most abundant hormone in the body. It's related to testosterone and estrogen but men and women have it equally. It peaks at 25 then gradually declines. Low DHEA is associatedwith many diseases of old age, and many studies have found DHEA supplements reverse these diseases in older people.<br /><br />Ferriss recommends having SpectraCell Laboratories test you for nutritional deficiencies. He doesn't mention that they also have a telomere test. This tests your body's biological age, in terms of cell reproduction (i.e., how close your cells are to being unable to reproduce and your body wearing out). Lifestyle, e.g., diet and exercise, affect this. I'm going to get both of these tests done.<br /><br />CONCLUDING THOUGHTS<br /><br />This book isn't perfect or complete. But I'm giving it five stars because it gave me new ideas. I'm sure that an expert could pick apart any chapter and find mistakes or missing info. But that's OK. This book isn't the Bible; Ferriss doesn't want you to blindly repeat what he did. He investigated interesting ideas and saw what worked or didn't work for him. That's how you should use this book.<br /><br />P.S. Several commentators have suggested that I write a book. I've written three books. Two are about stuttering therapy. My third book is \\"Hearts and Minds: How Our Bodies Are Hardwired for Relationships.\\" It's written somewhat like \\"The 4-Hour Body\\" in that I present scientific research about relationships and then describe my experiences applying these ideas to dating and in relationships. Amazon sells all my books.house drop below 50 degrees and pile blankets on my bed.    Next is a section on reversing \\"permanent\\" injuries. My massage therapist (whose wife is a physical therapist) was impressed with this section, esp. the Egoscue recommendation.    Next is a section on medical tourism (saving money by going to foreign countries for medical treatment).    Next, Ferriss recommends preventing injuries by getting a Functional Movement Screen (FMS) test. FMS measures left-right differences in strength and balance. I'm putting this on my to-do list.    RUNNING SECTION    I'm 48 and this year ran a 5:08 mile, an 18:09 5K, and a 37:48 10K. I qualified for All-American in a 3000-meter race and I win an age group award in most races. I only run about 3 hours a week: two 45-minute track workouts plus a 1.5-hour club run. An exercise physiologist was amazed that I have a VO2-max of 59 and run this fast on 3 hours a week. Then I said that I walk my dog 2 hours a day, plus we hike twice a week, mixing speedwalking, easy jogging, and stopping to pee every 30 feet. The exercise physiologist said that I have the perfect training plan: a base of daily easy exercise with a few short but intense workouts.    Ferriss recommends running with the Pose technique. I've done this for five years and this has been the best thing I've ever done to improve my running, both for increasing speed and minimizing injuries. Ferriss doesn't mention that the same technique has other names, including Chi Running and Evolution Running.     Ferriss' description of the Pose technique is excellent but he only has photos of himself (before and after). His \\"before\\" photos are clearly wrong but his \\"after\\" photos aren't much better, likely because he just doesn't run fast. (His 24-minute 5K is what we politely call \\"mid-pack\\".) He should have included photos of faster runners who do the Pose Technique better.    Ferriss' 12-week workout schedule is good. The main workout is 800-meter repeats, beginning with two the first week and moving up to six in later weeks. Ferriss doesn't explain why this workout is so important. Running workouts (to oversimplify) either train leg speed or cardiovascular (heart and lungs). 800 meters is three minutes for Ferriss. If you run intervals longer than 3 minutes you don't maximize leg speed. If you run less than 3 minutes you don't maximize heart rate. 3-minute repeats are two workouts in one, training both leg speed and cardiovascular. Ferriss should have explained that you run three minutes, not 800 meters, i.e., a slower runner could run 600 meters, when I run 900 meters and a pro might knock off 1200's. Do two of these the first week and gradually build up to five, or six if you're an animal like Ferriss. All should be equal distance, which means that your first interval feels easy and the last interval is maximum effort.    Ferriss' schedule also includes 100-meter and 200-meter leg speed workouts. This is excellent advice for slow runners trying to get faster. Too many joggers run for miles at a slow pace and never get faster. He also did longer 5K and 10K runs to build endurance, and did some hill repeats to build the strength necessary for trail running. He doesn't mention that the 100-meter repeats should be barefoot on grass, to teach you good form.     Ferriss recommends Inov-8 running shoes. I use Nike Frees. He rightly denigrates Newtons and warns against running barefoot (e.g., Vibram Five Fingers), except for strides on grass.    Fueling during long races is an important subject that Ferriss doesn't adequately cover. But I'll give you a tip that'll make your next race faster. Clear your gastrointestinal tract by not eating solid food for at least 12 hours before the race (i.e., drink only juice and energy drinks). Digestion demands up to 40% of your blood so not having anything in your gut at the start line will provide more blood to your muscles.    GETTING STRONGER    Here's where Ferriss presents weightlifting for runners, basedon Barry Ross (coach of Olympic gold medalist Allyson Felix). I don't do weightlifting so these ideas were all new to me.    Ferriss gives two reasons why runners should do strength training (weightlifting). First, distance runners have weak sodium-potassium pumps. The sodium-potassium pump is what enables muscles to return to relaxation after contracting. The discoverer of the sodium-potassium pump won the Nobel Prize. Strength training improves the sodium-potassium pump.    Second, greater ground force support (applying force to the ground at landing) is more important than moving your legs faster.    The recommended strength training is in three stages. First, speedwalking 15 minutes three times a week. I do speedwalking because it gives me leg speed without wearing me out. Ferriss says to start with four weeks of speedwalking.    The second stage is weightlifting. Three times per week you do dynamic stretching, then bench presses or push-ups, then deadlifting, in which you lift the weights only to your knees. Ross's athletes deadlift three times their bodyweight! Finish with an exercise called the Torture Twist to strengthen your core muscles.    The third stage is speedwork on the track. The distances are short. Ross's sprinters, who don't compete in distances longer then 400 meters, don't run more than 70 meters in training. No advice is given for distance runners, but Ferriss's other coach telling him to run 800-meter repeats to train for a 50-kilometer race sounds similar to Ross's short interval speedwork.    Ferriss doesn't mention the one type of weightlifting I do, which is essential for avoiding calf injuries when running with the Pose Technique. Some people call these \\"toe lifts,\\" I call them \\"heel lifts.\\" Stand barefoot on a stair on your toes. Lower your heels below your toes. Then raise yourself as high as you can. This strengthens your calf muscles. Start with both feet, then go to one foot as you get stronger.    SWIMMING SECTION    Ferriss recommends Total Immersion Swimming. I did Total Immersion Swimming about five years ago and agree with Ferriss. Before, I panicked and tried to swim fast to avoid drowning. I could swim only two lengths of the pool before reaching anaerobic fatigue. Total Immersion Swimming first taught me to float in the water without panicking. Then you learn to paddle around slowly. Then you improve your form step by step to become more efficient (hydrodynamic), so effortless paddling actually moves you through the water easily. Eventually you're swimming back and forth across the pool completely relaxed.    Another chapter teaches you to hit baseballs harder. Another chapter explains how to hold your breath for three minutes.    LIFE EXTENSION SECTION    First, Ferriss rejects calorie restriction as it's a miserable life. He similarly rejects restricting ejaculations (i.e., Dr. Strangelove). He rejects resveratrol because it interferes with estrogen. I stopped taking resveratrol because it interferes with thyroid function (I'm hypothyroid). He rejects some other life extension drugs. He recommends creatine monohydrate for preventing Alzheimers, Parkinson's, and Huntington's if your family has a history of these diseases. He also recommends intermittent fasting or just not eating protein for a day. He also recommends that men donate blood to reduce iron.    Ferriss doesn't talk about DHEA, the anti-aging hormone I take. DHEA is the most abundant hormone in the body. It's related to testosterone and estrogen but men and women have it equally. It peaks at 25 then gradually declines. Low DHEA is associated with many diseases of old age, and many studies have found DHEA supplements reverse these diseases in older people.    Ferriss recommends having SpectraCell Laboratories test you for nutritional deficiencies. He doesn't mention that they also have a telomere test. This tests your body's biological age, in terms of cell reproduction (i.e., how close your cells are to being unable to reproduce and your body wearing out). Lifestyle, e.g., diet and exercise, affect this. I'm going to get both of these tests done.    CONCLUDING THOUGHTS    This book isn't perfect or complete. But I'm giving it five stars because it gave me new ideas. I'm sure that an expert could pick apart any chapter and find mistakes or missing info. But that's OK. This book isn't the Bible; Ferriss doesn't want you to blindly repeat what he did. He investigated interesting ideas and saw what worked or didn't work for him. That's how you should use this book.    P.S. Several commentators have suggested that I write a book. I've written three books. Two are about stuttering therapy. My third book is \\"Hearts and Minds: How Our Bodies Are Hardwired for Relationships.\\" It's written somewhat like \\"The 4-Hour Body\\" in that I present scientific research about relationships and then describe my experiences applying these ideas to dating and in relationships. Amazon sells all my books.
B004BSIJ9Q|2.0|The last Kanye album I bought was College Dropout, and I remember feeling a bit let down by that album. I figured that it was time to end the hate, especially since \\"MBDTF\\" seemed to be getting excellent reviews and the Q-Tip production \\"Chain Heavy\\" was really good. What a mistake - its pretty self-indulgent, and of course, Kanye doesn't have the lyrical skill to make up for it. At $5, it's almost not worth it.
B0002234LS|3.0|My wife and I both guessed where this plot was going.  She gave up. I watched it to the end to see if we were correct.    Shooter could have been cast better or had a better accent.  He was annoying to hear.
B003E8AF5U|4.0|One of the best 2010 releases.  Nothing as catchy as oracular but give this a few listens and you will be hooked.  Love me some mgmt.
B000W00Y0Y|5.0|Well, to be honest, it is the same concert.  It's just that Pioneer/Mobilevision released the DVD of \\"We Will Rock You\\", and EagleVision HD released the Blu-Ray version.<br /><br />The introductions appear differently at the beginning and end.  One the WWRY DVD, Queen and the artists names are in big bold pink print, where as, on the Blu-ray release of Rock Montreal and Live Aid, it's in simple smaller white print.<br /><br />But, the concert is pretty much all the same.  There may be a couple of different camera angles here and there, but nothing truly too much different between these two releases.  I thought that the regular DVD of WWRY looks pretty good, even comparing back to back with this Blu-ray release.  So honestly, buying the Blu-Ray release of \\"Rock Montreal and Live Aid\\" to replace your DVD of \\"We Will Rock You\\" really is totally unnecessary.  They both look pretty good.
B000LC4TJ0|1.0|My god..<br />This is the very first instance in my whole life that I have gotten bored listening to any major work of Mozart. When a conductor tries to bring in Wagnerian 'isms (sic!) in to Mozart, you have this resultant. If there were negative stars (black holes) that could be given to a DVD, I would start with this one. Of all people, Harnoncourt.... never ever expected such a reading from him.<br /><br />From the moment the orchestra starts the overture, you know you are in for a very different interpretation. I gave it a fair chance, and in fact saw this production twice just to make sure I was really bored the first time... I would call this tempo LUGUBRIOUS.<br /><br />Singers are really terrific, but their voices are wasted on this rendition. Netrebko, although makes for a very pretty Susannah, I think is mis-cast in that role although she fits into Harnoncourt's plans quite well. The introduction of an angel who further distracts attention from the 'action' and music, spoils the production totally. Actually that fellow would have made a nice Cherubino if only he could sing.<br /><br />All in all, a DVD worth avoiding.
B003NFM3JU|4.0|I would rate the recreation of this classic movie plot as better than average. The color and actions are good. My complain is that the 3D effect could be better. Although some some scenery render excellent 3D effect, most scenery have limited 3D depth.
B003XF1XOQ|3.0|Ok, so i guess im the kind of person who likes to read books like 1 and 2 of the hunger games because they are action packed and i couldnt put them down (so i literally read all of them- 1,2, and 3- of the hunger games in 7 days.) But number 3 of the series was kind of a bummer because i like good, happy endings... and im a katniss and gale fan... sorry peeta :/ but anyway there were major shocks and things which was good for the most part... and sad... but i really liked it how annie and finnick got married and i wish he handnt died. all-in-all it was a good book, just not my favorite because of the ending.
B002NZK5TG|5.0|In DVD format the film has been improved.  The whole family enjoyed the film thoroughly and my boys, are quoting the film.
B0036EH3WK|5.0|I bought this as a gift for my husband (a \\"Lost\\" fanatic!) for Christmas.  He about had a heart attack when he unwrapped it.  As he started opening the package, we found it had many \\"Lost\\" attributes and hidden fun stuff.  I think this is a great purchase for any person that loves \\"Lost\\" and all the mystery that surrounds it.
B003VS0CWO|5.0|I enjoyed this film when I was at University ... and attended the showings a couple of times at the theater in the North end of Winnipeg MB Canada.  It was a lot of fun.  Then while working up in Northern Manitoba at a fish research station the sound track was the only tape we had ... so we played it over and over again.  I love the music and the dancing - (Meatloaf 'Paradise by the Dashboard light' fame).  My husband now enjoys it as well.  Upbeat and fascinating.
143911000X|5.0|You know.... There are books that are supposed to help you learn something, then there are books that are fun.  This one is pure fun!      Written with the Barney Stintson style, it lists rules for men hanging out with dudes to live by in a funny way.  A typical page is one sentence long.  Some pages have examples and diagrams that add to the experience.      Why buy this book?  - 1. You are a man, and don't understand the essentials of how to treat your bros  - 2. You want to laugh  - 3. You don't really want to admit that you like reading  - 4. You're a woman, and you want to rip on guys and/or understand men better    Why should you not buy this book?  - 1. You are easily offended  - 2. You are sexist  - 3. You are too old to appreciate the single guy humor  - 4. You are a speed reader - in which case you should have already read it in the store
B001DUKHXQ|3.0|The album was in good shape and plays flawlessly.  My only complaint is that this version comes in a clear sleeve and not an actual album cover to protect the record.  The description doesn't clearing tell you that either.  Had I known I would have paid the extra 5 bucks at the time for the version that has a cover.
0861714911|5.0|This is one of the best and well informitive books explaing Budha's teachings as clear and well put as possible. Uncertain if these are truely in Buddha's words, since we was not present at that point of time, it is the closest we will ever have come to his teachings.
B004B8DH98|1.0|This is by far the worst movie I have seen in years. The plot is nonexistent; the acting is abysmal and the fake emotions sickening. One watches this movie for its entire length without a clue as to what is going on. But its worst feature is its entire lack of plausibility. In the end it is,nothing but a cowboys and indians shoot em up movie . . . who can draw first. This movie,is beyond pathetic, an insult to any intelligent person. Stay away.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|This movie I got for my husband for Christmas.  I thought, another war movie ugh.  I watched this movie and was very moved.  Believe me its not just another war movie.  This is almost what our fathers uncles etc., went through.  The difference was that watching it I knew I was not going to have to dodge bullets, or see a friend die in the trenches next to me.  War is definitely a horror that should be avoided at tall cost.  It maims and kills our young.  If there bodies make it through they are forever changed, and too all those around them.  I hope our boy's, all come home to their families soon.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This is definitely one of the best books ever. Once I started reading this book, I could not put it down.  It is my favorite book. And it gets better as you read through the series!  I thought it was great! I laughed, I cried, it was just plain awesome!   I loved this book, so I give it 5 stars!
B002LFPAUC|5.0|It great to get my wife this dvd for XMAS; think I enjoyed it as much as she did. \\"Basil Rat\\" episode was the best! Nice picture quality and sound.
B002JWD6AS|5.0|WOW amazed im not even considerd a tenager yet and i loved it! i am totally going to tell all my friends about this amazing book. BEAUTFUL ROMANTIC EXCITING
B003YBNRHU|5.0|This CD is AWESOME if you're a Doobie Brothers fan.  Same soulful sound, some songs still upbeat like before.  Great vocals!
0810970686|3.0|In this the third of the Wimpy Kid books, Wimpy Kid Greg Heffley continues to make his way through Middle School and through a series of awkward, silly, and crazy moments with his brothers, friends, parents, and teachers.  I didn't find this book to be quite as funny as the previous Wimpy Kid books. There were a ton of funny lines and moments but there were maybe 2 or 3 laugh out loud lines instead of 10 in the other books.  I thought his pursuit of Holly Hills was pretty funny. I would have liked to have seen a bit more out of Roderick and his band Loded Diaper!  A quick, good read that will have your kids laughing.
B003YFIUW8|5.0|I was very reluctant to read a novel wrote from a 5 year old's perspective, but so glad that I did! The first half of the book was gripping, I literally couldn't put it down. The second half was much slower but still very interesting. You'll be glad you read it!
B001FB4W0W|3.0|I have been wanting to see this show for a while now.  I do not get HBO so I haven't had the chance to watch any of the episodes.  I have read every book in the series, which I loved.  I found that the show is not at all like the books, and it had way more \\"R\\" factor than I expected.  A few of the story lines drag in the middle of certain episodes.  If you are a fan of the books and think a tv show would be awesome, I would recommend skipping it.  However, if you are open to a loose interpretation of characters and events from the books, the show is well put together.  Actors and actresses are talented.  The writing and directing are not bad.  Could have been better, but that's usually how it goes.
0061914177|4.0|This is a good book to read, it's gives you a good idea of how social media works. His success was made much easier starting with a 4 million dollar company. Glad it was short, didn't need to be longer.
0142002038|5.0|I first read the Fleming Bond novels 25 years ago and found them better than most of the movies.<br /><br />Now I am revisiting Bond again by listening to them on Audio CD while driving.<br /><br />After listening to DR NO, LIVE AND LET DIE, the various short stories, it started to dawn on me ............<br /><br />What was Fleming's fascination with Octopi ?<br /><br />It seems every time James Bond goes underwater he is grabbed or otherwise fighting with an Octopus.<br /><br />Now I have been living and diving in the Carribean and Florida Keys for 30 years,<br /><br />You just don't see Octopus all that often and certainly not ones that attack you, try to grab you and pull you into caves, etc....<br /><br />This is a minor criticism of otherwise wonderfully written stories, but it is sort of strange the way Fleming seems to be obsessed with this 8 legged sea creature.
030726999X|5.0|I am not going to write about the story as so many others have done here ... instead I want to focus on the excellence of the writing.  This series of books was translated from the author's native Swedish.  Not only does this trilogy tell an engaging and fast paced tale, the translation is so flawless, you would swear the author is a native-born English speaker. Read these books now. You will not be disappointed.
B0032CVAQQ|5.0|Eye opening and easy to read and the writing is excellent.  Unlike his other books, this one is not Christianity-y, so it's readable for me.      Note to author - The principals are universal so why limit your audience by adding on a Christianity flavor in your other books?  I didn't buy your other books as a result.
0307463745|4.0|Highly effective book on how to improve the throughput and quality of your business and/or endeavour while keeping everyone that matters (clients and collaborators) happy.  The book is split into bite-size chunks and is intelligently written in an informal tone that makes you feel like you're just chewing the fat with the authors. There are a couple of suggestions that are slightly contradictory, and a couple of \\"wins\\" that feel more like a stroke of luck by the authors rather than a general rule but other than that it's all very cohesive and makes perfect sense. Recommended!
B000002KDM|5.0|This is in the top five of James Taylor's albums (One Man Dog, Mud Slide, Sweet Baby James, James Taylor, JT). This might be his strongest, most consistent work. Not a bad song on the album. The neat thing about his work is its singability.
B000OZ0NXA|2.0|After hearing many great things about Lee Child and the Jack Reacher series, I thought I would give it a try....start from the beginning of the series.    When determining if a book is good, I must have the 'gasp factor'....did i gasp because I never saw that coming...did I actually have to physically put the book down and go 'wow - never saw that one coming'....I never gasped, never put the book down for the wow factor....I saw everything coming a mile away....    Disappointed.
B000JQUKKU|5.0|I am thinking that I would like to have an eReader, probably a Kindle.  In the meantime, I have an Amazon account and have downloaded A Christmas Carol to read on my iPhone.  It is easy to read, even though the iPod screen is smaller than the Kindle, and fun to have my book with me wherever I go.  If I decide to purchase books, I can transfer them from my iPhone to a Kindle, when I get one.<br /><br />It's an easy way to try out the Kindle concept without making the purchase.....yet!  I know I will get one: this is too fun!<br /><br />CaliWrites<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0015T963C Kindle Wireless Reading Device, Free 3G, 6\\" Display, White - 2nd Generation]]
B003L20ICO|2.0|SPOILERS!    Bening and Moore play crunchy granola let's-talk-about-all-of-our-feelings-ad nauseum lesbians who are discomforted by their children's desire to meet their biological father.  The kids grow to like the new man in their life as does Moore's character, who has a tryst with him.  Yap Yap Yap Blah Blah Blah...the cheating woman--after suitable hand-wringing and teariness--is brought back into the family fold after her infidelity is discovered (if only he'd cleaned the damned bathtub!) while biological dad is kicked to the curb.  Hell, Moore's character doesn't even come to the door to address Ruffalo's attempt at apology but instead leaves him to weather Bening's uptight, self-righteous, and controlling bitchiness alone. (So thoughtful.) Then the family unit treks off to take daughter to college.  Ah, new beginnings.  Heavy-handed symbolism (Ruffalo's plaintive staring at his son through the window), gender reversal (gay male porn to stimulate female sex drive), and new age California stereotypes are also problematic. How are these two women even likable?  Consider the scene in which guilt-ridden Moore fires her Mexican laborer because she's an adulterer.  Or the moment when Bening yells at Ruffalo and daughter because Bening is projecting her paranoia on the two when seeing them on a motorcycle.  Or think about the scene in which the two women argue in front of their restaurant dinner companions and then abandon them at the table.  The kids might be all right, but I'm not sure I'd rate the movie even that highly.
0375842209|5.0|This book may start a tad slow at first but The Book Thief is written so wonderfully and the story is intriguing. The ending is completely fitting. This book is good from start to finish. READ IT
B003TVMIDO|2.0|Its a shame that The Beatles, The Group, The Solo albums, always have a new gimmick for the public to keep buying into.  This box set is no diffrent than any of the past greatest hits album by John Lennon. Yes we all can sit at a mixing board and change the highs and lows, of each EQ, and make your childs Happy Birthday song we all sung too, sound a little diffrent, and put on the music store shelves and say, listen to this now, but first pay me the money for it, just like we did with the plastic record format, cassette tape, eight track, reel to reel, compact disc, mp3, ect, ect, ect. The point is, How many time are you gonna buy the white album in a diffrent format, and say to yourself, woo, woo, Listen to obla-di-obla-da now, did you hear ringo burp, oh boy it was so clear.  Wake up folks, your making them richer and richer and all your getting is the same ol Song.
B004B7PX2S|1.0|I'm disgusted that I paid 14.99 for this crap, other reviewers gave it a high rating, I dont understand why!  I'm not even going to get into the plot, read it on some happy reviewers page, not mine,  I'm done with this movie...into the garbage it goes
0525423842|5.0|I loved this book. I don't really understand the other reviews that said it was slow or would not appeal to younger readers. I am waiting anxiously for the next one. I have recommended it to my son who is 14, I really  think he will like it. About halfway through the book I thought \\"I hope he writes a sequel\\" and even though I was upset it ended without telling all, I know there will be another good one coming soon.
B002UCREKK|3.0|She's got a lot against her for her to succeed.  One: She's a female in a predominantly male spot: Rock Guitarist . Two: She's young.  But she's got something to overcome those faults: She's good. Really good.  Better than a lot of male guitarists.  You have to take this album as it is: A young maturing artist trying to make it. She doesn't have her style set yet.  She flows from Santana to Vai.  Still, an enjoyable album.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem is a master of word play.  Sticking to rhythmic placement of syllables and diction.  Marshall pulls another trick out of his bags of wonder.  Try it.  Try to do what Eminem does.  Try using the sentences that he uses behind the beats of the modern world.  You won't be able to do it.  Let him master the music, you sit back and listen.
B003EI2EH2|3.0|I came to this book as a huge fan of Four Hour Work Week and Tim's blog and was hoping for great things from his latest opus. Having read 90% of it and implemented parts of it, my overall take is that:  * the book tries to cover too much and so ends up feeling half-baked in the sections that do interest you.  * the book is essentially Tim's personal health journal with some questionable 'studies' he's conducted with friends thrown in. He cites some research from scientific studies but it's selective at best. The result is that unless you happen to have the exact same body type or condition he suffers from, you might be left scratching your head. By way of example, in the sleep section he notes that there are 3 types of sleep disorders: having trouble falling asleep, trouble staying asleep and waking up too early. But then 90% of his methods for addressing sleep issues are aimed at having trouble falling asleep.  My biggest challenge with this approach is that (a) Tim is just one person so it's of limited value and (b) Tim is 33 years old so who knows what the long term impacts will be of a high protein diet for example.  * Much of the book is just a short survey of other peoples' works (e.g. Egoscue, total immersion swimming) where you have to go and read their books to understand how it actually works. They don't warrant their own chapter and it's misleading to cover them the way he does (eg. having used Egoscue methods for 10 years I can say it works but the exercises you use are highly specific to whatever your condition and postural issues are - you can't just borrow the menu that worked for Tim and hope it will work for you. The progressive supine groin stretch takes 50 minutes+ but is completely wasted on someone who has a flat back against the ground when lying in static back position, for example).  * There is clearly some misinformation being practiced here. As others have talked about, Tim has previously disclosed in blog postings that the `geek to freak'experiment followed a period of intentional weight loss so that he was essentially regaining muscle to his normal weight. Similarly, using facts like `working out for an hour only burns 100 calories' undermines your credibility. Likewise for the '15 minute orgasm' chapter which sounds great until you get into the details and realize that he has bizarrely defined orgasm as `when there is no resistance - no physical or emotional blocking - to a single point of contact between one finger and the clitoris'. To me that's a bit like defining being wealthy as `a state where money is flowing into your bank account'. It's not what most people would define as an orgasm and seems contrived to facilitate a headline-catching chapter title like the '15 minute orgasm'.   * Some of the techniques and methods seem impractical or overly complicated for a guy obsessed with simplicity. For example, why not cut out all the espressos on an empty stomach and do away with the need for ice baths which sound painful and inconvenient to set up.  * Like most of Tim's writing, it is very engaging and full of interesting stories. Unfortunately, this makes it extremely hard to follow the chain of logic or instructions (particularly on the kindle edition) if say you're at the gym and trying to follow the geek to freak regimen (which seems to have 3 or 4 different flavors and references other sections like the Perfect Posterior chapter).   * There are some totally irrelevant chapters that were clearly just things Tim had done that he enjoyed and figured he could make into book content - ie. How to swing a baseball bat more effectively and how to hold your breath. Who cares?  * Like the revised Four Hour Work Week, the book is a hybrid book / blog and suffers from being rushed into production. The most glaring example of this is the `bonus chapters' which are included in the contents as though you get  them with the book but are in fact not in the book at all - that section just references the FourHour Body website - where in fact, there are no bonus chapters. They've obviously forgotten to put them there!  * Having said all that, I found a few sections that were quite interesting and new to me - like the introduction to Gray Cook's work or injury-proofing the body which of course required watching Gray Cook's YouTube videos (referenced from the book) to understand but was nevertheless helpful.     All in all it's probably worth the $10 for the kindle edition but don't expect to be blown away if you're even slightly experienced in the world of fitness, nutrition and body work.
B004G8ZZHU|4.0|I never watched the A-Team show so I can't compare that with the movie. So my opinion is based on what I just watched. At the start of the film each of the four characters play a flat role: brains, brawn, ladies man, and the crazy one. The moment that the plan fails to come together and gets blown up (literally) in their faces the real humanity and more complex characterization is revealed. Some of that added characterization made little sense, for example, prison making Baracus \\"soft\\" and his hissy fit over his smashed up car along with needing to be drugged to get on a plane with Murdock. The plane thing kept reminding me of Cameron Diaz in Knight and Day and if you can compare the toughness between Quintin Rampage Jackson and Cameron Diaz then there is something very wrong going on.<br />Smith (Neeson), Murdock (Copley), and Sosa (Biel) were my favorites but all the other actors did an amazing job. There was a bit of a tradeoff between plausible and impossible action scenes but it all made for exciting viewing and didn't lack in the explosion department. I don't know if I would buy this movie (this isn't my favorite genre)but I would certainly rent it again because it really was good.
B0015DROBO|2.0|I was disappointed. I read the sample and thought it would be an interesting read. But much to my dismay there was a lot of 'f 'this and 'f' that. I don't understand why people think that foul language makes for a good story. It really ruins them for me.
B0011E9LBI|5.0|I was relatively young when I watched MIB the first time and loved it. As an adult I enjoyed it even more. There is a great balance between the serious and funny moments and there was just enough action to keep things interesting.  The actors are all experienced and the concept of a group of agents wielding foreign weapons and neutralizers to protect earth is just plain awesome. I think it's great to be able to watch a funny, family friendly movie about aliens without it having to be an animated movie. MIB 2 may not have had the highest reviews but this original MIB will definitely not disappoint.
