B0015519VS|4.0|Well no matter what can be said about this artist you can't deny his vocal ability.  He is undoubtedly the male artist most of the others who have come after him have emmulated.  He has put together a great album of songs that define him at this time in his life.  The first half is great but sort of falls off somewhere in the middle with a few noticeable tracks but is still overall some good music.  Not quite 5 stars but worthwhile if you like good R&B.
B0013D8LCW|5.0|This movie is the best movie I have seen in years. It a true inspiration to anyone one who trying to deal with who they are.
031606792X|5.0|Words cannot describe how much I loved this book.  Stephenie Meyer is a wonderfully imaginative writer.  I don't know how she thinks of this stuff!
031606792X|1.0|I could not believe that this was the end to the series. My biggest gripes:    1. Nothing really happened in all 700 pages  2. She introduced way too many characters for the \\"final\\" book that it was distracting.  3. There was no real resolution... hey, all the bad guys just decide to go away at the end and everyone lives happily ever after?? Give me a break.    I loved the first 3 books and read them multiple times. But I felt like I was reading fan fiction as soon as Bella became pregnant. I think that writing The Host in before writing this book did something to her style.    I am looking forward to the Twilight book writtten from Edward's perspective. Maybe she will return to her original style.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn is a fine finale to the Twilight Saga.  It answers all of the dangling questions left from the other novels in the series and adds interesting new ones of its own.  The characters seem totally consistent with the rest of the saga, so I don't understand that complaint at all by the haters.  I will say that the tone of this last novel has changed quite a bit from the ones that preceded it.  It's a darker story, more horror than romance, which is why I'm guessing some of Meyer's readers are having a harder time digesting it.  It focuses on more adult themes, and perhaps the \\"young adults\\" who helped gain the series popularity to begin with don't appreciate these new themes as much as the old one of forbidden love which isn't emphasized nearly as much in this sequel.  Obviously some fans with stong opinions on the whole Jacob vs. Edward angle were disappointed when this book ended the love triangle, but it's hardly the author's fault that she had to decide who her heroine would end up with in the end.  If you enjoyed the stories that preceded it, you will enjoy this one as well.  Honsetly, this was my favorite in the series because everything that I had been waiting for finally happened.
B001AW9DKK|4.0|For those of you who've never seen this band in their hey day, be thankful to have this product, at least you'll have a technically sound documentary of this band performing together--a considerable achievment from a band notorious for sparse product development and poor marketing prowess.    For the rest of us who long for the good ol' days, when Crosby, Stills and Nash were as productive and significant as Neil, cheer up! It's been reported that among the many projects Graham Nash is currently undertaking is the release of a DVD from the 1974 CSNY TOUR.     A bootleg copy of the Wembley Stadium show has been in circulation for years. Although technically inferior to what we've become use to these days, the historical significance of this show overshadows the sound and video deficiencies. Back then, a CSNY concert was a veritable \\"KITCHEN SINK OF ROCK 'N' ROLL,\\"featuring top-ten hits, extended guitar duels between Stills and Young, longer individual sets and the debut of many  new songs. Personally, I was disappointed in the 2006 song selection: too political, too much Young and too little Stills.     CSNY, it should be noted, are one of the few bands from    the \\"classic days\\" of the '60s with all the original members, and for that alone we should be grateful for this current Deja Vu' DVD.     Hopefully, they'll be able to pull off one final tour that pays tribute to the music of CROSBY, STILLS, NASH & YOUNG as four equals who've provided so much joy, love and insight into our lives.     Forget ABU JAMAL, it's time to free Stephen Stills--I think he might agree.    final note: If you enjoyed the tour, you'll enjoy this dvd. If the 2006 tour did not live up to your expectations, purchase this show, but keep a sharp eye out for the 1974 CSNY stadium tour--when football and baseball stadiums were used for the first time to book an entire summer tour.
1600241824|5.0|A bit dark but always thoughtful and funny inspite of the pain he goes through.
031606792X|4.0|I found this book to be an enjoyable end to the series, but I am a sucker for happy endings.  This series is not a work of fine literature, but it is a good story with likable characters which take you for a short time into another world.  Isn't that the point of a good fantasy story?  Take it for what it is, relax and enjoy.
031606792X|4.0|I'm not really sure why so many people just either love it or hate it.  It was a good book and highly entertaining.  I'm so glad to see how everything finally ended.  Yes, there were a few weird spots in the book where it felt like it was going downhill.  But it picks up again and upon reflection, you can see why those pieces had to be written in.    Read it - forget about all the poor reviews out there.  If you've come this far, it plays out exactly as it should.
031606792X|2.0|I absolutely loved the first three books of the series.  Read them all within a week of each other only a month ago.      This fourth was mind-blowing--and not in a good way, I'm afraid.    I didn't see the Cullen family portrayed as they had been in the first three; here, they were one-dimensional and under-utilized.  I grieved because they were the reason I loved the first books.    Was the ending \\"happy?\\"  I guess so, but it was unsatisfactory.  There was no climax, just a rambling way to the happily-ever-after with little avenues here and there that made for a vaguely interesting journey.    There were some things I loved!  Bella's waking up as a vampire and how she experienced it.  I actually liked the birth scene--very dramatic.  The first time she sees Jasper as a vampire.  Liked Jacob's section--the chapter titles were inspired!  Loved Jacob and Edward's relationship in the second section.      The baby.  So Bad!  {shudder here}  But I could have lived even with little Renesmee if the book had made me feel something.  I never for a second believed that anyone was in any real danger.  Were we really supposed to believe that Alice and Jasper had abandonned them?  I Never, for a split second, believed that.  The hint that Alice left for Bella--so much more could have been done there!  What happens to Leah?      Oh, there was so much that could have been done with this. . . but sadly, it wasn't.      Stephenie Meyer is an amazing, gifted, remarkable storyteller.  This book doesn't come close to proving it. A very sad let-down.
B00004YA66|4.0|This was a great thriller. It features making amends with your past, suspense, humor, and values, and combines them well. The movie features a cop who, due to a natural phenomenon, finds himself able to communicate with his father-who died 30 years ago battling a fire in a warehouse. He manages to convince him that he is telling the truth, and, as a result, the father survives the fire. However, this complicates things when, as a result, a killer survives and manages to kill more people. They have to work together to solve the mystery and stop him in this first-rate thriller. I think this was a good movie. You will like it too. Watch for the \\"yahoo\\" line. The movie was well-cast and executed.
B0012GMW0C|5.0|Growing up in the Bay Area in the 70's, like other reviewers, I was familiar with Journey's older material from the get-go, and because of that, I have never embraced their later material.  It just sounds too bubble-gum.  I never saw them in concert, but their stuff was played all over the place (parties, etc.).    I have all three of their early stuff on LPs and CDs, and one of my favorite things to do is play them for people who have never heard them before.      You play the CD, and they always say they've never heard it before, but they like it!    What I don't understand is why this stuff never gets any airplay on so-called \\"classic rock\\" stations.  I'm sure that listeners wouldn't mind.    If you like progressive or fusion, or even just good old rock and roll,  you will like \\"Journey\\" (as well as \\"Look Into The Future\\" and \\"Next\\"), and you will be astounded at how different it sounds from the \\"Perry Era\\" material.      The musicianship on the earlier albums is much more pronounced than on the later ones.  Many of the songs start out slow and finish with a mind-scrambling instrumental jam.  In fact this album has two instrumental tracks on it (Kohoutek and Topaz).    Buy this album, and the other two as well, and you will not be disappointed.
B000PMFS2I|5.0|Ah, Showgirls, the best worst movie of all time.  Oh, how I love it so.<br /><br />Poor Jesse Spano (Elizabeth Berkley in the most masochistic role in cinema history), after being caught cheating on the SATs, her offer letters now nothing more than trash, she didn't get into the university of her dreams, she hit rock bottom; and when Slater dumped her for image purposes, her whole world crashed.  Jealous of how Zack, Screech, Slater, and Kelly were hanging out in college, she sunk into a deep depression, changed her name to Nomi Malone, and thought about the next step.  Out of nowhere, she began hooking, counting Mr. Belding as one of her first clients at Bayside.  Realizing she wanted more in life, she soon gave up selling the goods and began hitch-hiking towards Las Vegas.<br /><br />Soon after arriving in Vegas she befriends James Smith (Plummer), a club dancer with an apparently progressive form of hyperopia; that's the only way one can explain his appreciation for Nomi's dancing, giving him about as much talent-scouting credibility as Tom Cruise has in the field of psychiatry.  Other than dancing all they have in common is that down on her luck Nomi would probably snatch a watch, and James would, well, you get the point.<br /><br />Unfortunately for Nomi - fortunately for all others - she finds work as a grungy stripper to pay the bills.  In her initial, on-screen strip-club appearance, she meets up with Zack Carey (MacLachlan) and Cristal Connors (Gershon).  Naturally, she gets bitterly nostalgic, thinks of her old buddy Zack Morris, and attempts to inflict a severe case of Peyronie's disease with a violent, non-erotic lap dance given to Zack Carey. Cristal and Zack can't help but to notice Nomi, and in a matter of no time she's in the \\"Goddess\\" show where Cristal is the star.<br /><br />To advance, Nomi's plan is three-fold: First, she has sex with Zack in a pool, no doubt taking out her past academic failures while thinking of Zack Morris while writhing around in what is widely regarded as the best gran mal seizure ever captured on film.  Second, she overacts to the extent of torture, causing others physical discomfort while displaying less range than Coolio showed in \\"Leprechaun in the Hood\\".  Third, and most important, she plans on teaching Cristal about compound leg fractures.  Pretty solid plans if you ask me.  Will she get the lead role?  Will she succeed in Vegas?  Will she chuck it all and enroll at the local community college?<br /><br />It's failed soft-core porn, laughably bad, deplorable acting and detestable dialogue, the pinnacle of unintentional comedy.  There is no way a sane person involved with this production can actually think it's good.  Saturated with enough nudity to warrant the dreaded NC-17 - and Berkley IS gorgeous, especially when nude - it's perfect for the target audience.  I love it!the best gran mal seizure ever captured on film.  Second, she overacts to the extent of torture, causing others physical discomfort while displaying less range than Coolio showed in \\"Leprechaun in the Hood\\".  Third, and most important, she plans on teaching Cristal about compound leg fractures.  Pretty solid plans if you ask me.  Will she get the lead role?  Will she succeed in Vegas?  Will she chuck it all and enroll at the local community college?    It's failed soft-core porn, laughably bad, deplorable acting and detestable dialogue, the pinnacle of unintentional comedy.  There is no way a sane person involved with this production can actually think it's good.  Saturated with enough nudity to warrant the dreaded NC-17 - and Berkley IS gorgeous, especially when nude - it's perfect for the target audience.  I love it!
0718152433|5.0|This is my favorite of Jamie's cookbooks.  For one thing, the photography is gorgeous:  full page, full color images of jamie's garden and the sumptuous feasts it produces.  Secondly, the book itself is beautifully printed on unusually grainy paper, giving it a high-quality, handmade feel.  And finally, the recipes are great.  You must try the roasted carrot and avocado salad!  The book is organized by season, with various fruits and vegetables getting there own little chapters, including growing tips!  Wonderful.    The previous reviewer who complained that there weren't enough vegetarian recipes must have had the wrong book.  In fact, while there are plenty of recipes with meat and fish, there are many, many recipes which focus on fresh fruit and veg.  I don't think you'll regret purchasing this book.
B000FSME1A|2.0|Sorry, but how can this be \\"complete\\" when it does not include \\"Hearts of Darkness\\" ???  Get a life. Coppola's wife directed it, and he produced it (as far as I know), so where are the rights problems ??? One thing that really annoys me about these 60s-70s directors, who went on about \\"changing the world\\", when they were younger, but who are now more money-grabbing than the worst studio system. Hey, I've bought two DVD versions of Apocalypse Now already, how many more do you want me to buy??? Maybe I'll just transfer my \\"Hearts Of Darkness\\" VHS to video, as I'm not so well-of I can afford it all. Thanks, Coppola. ps, your wine stinks too.
0517548232|5.0|Economics in One Lesson was written by a journalist, not an economist. That said, it offers clarity that many economists can't. But don't be fooled, Hazltt was one of the few journalists who could understand economics.    The book is designed to give you a basic understanding of economic thinking and logic. It is not filled with econometrics and regression analysis but with stories, thinking games, and logical puzzles.     The book is simple to read and comprehend yet absolutely devastating to socialist big-government thinking. The book moves through one logical fallacy of big government thinking after another, followed by examples of how absurd their thinking really is.    I recommend this as one a starter book on economic thinking right up their with Milton Friedman's free to choose. Minimal economic knowledge is required and you don't have to know any math. Basically...you should already know that a tariff or a duty is a tax on imported goods. If you don't, you should be able to figure that out based on the words usage in the text.    Final word: the simplest book for free market thinkers. If you like to argue with socialists, this book will give you the biggest bang for the buck.
031606792X|4.0|*some SPOILERS*    OF COURSE there was going to be a happy ending, when Bella puts her mind to something she makes sure that it happens. Throughout the saga, Bella has been determined to have both Edward and Jacob in her life. She loves them both so much. It is only fitting that they complete her family at the very end.     I agree that I was yearning for more of the angst between Bella and Edward in Breaking Dawn, but after they were married, why should there be any more angst? They are getting exactly what they both want. So, this is why I can trust in the direction that Meyer went in. I was thrown a bit by so much of the novel coming from Jacob's perspective, (only because I loved the character Edward more) but it is understandable that portion was told from a more objective perspective. Edward and Bella were both in too much pain.    As for the so-called anti-climatic ending, did you want everyone to be destroyed? Don't you love all of these characters so much that you want them to \\"live\\" on in future stories?
B0017JKEL8|5.0|This is a truly incredible series - the exacting detail of the art direction and the on-target depiction of the era will blow you away.    John Hamm is perfect as adman Don Draper, January Jones just as good as his suffering wife Betty, and the rest of the cast is amazing as well, especially the always delightful Robert Morse, his smirk and vocal talents as sharp as ever.    What's even better is not only is there no Blu-Ray \\"price premium\\" for this title, at the time I'm writing this review the Blu-Ray set is actually selling for LESS than the DVD set.    If you've seen any episodes whatsoever and enjoyed them, or even if you're just curious, you owe it to yourself to pick up this title on BD.
031606792X|5.0|It takes an amazing writer to write three books that its impossible not to like. Then to write a forth, that most people knew how it was going to end, and still have it be the best one yet. The book is amazing. The writing is beautiful, and the characters are even better than the last books. You see more into their vampire ways. If you even remotely liked the first three you HAVE to read this one. This ranks right up there with the Harry Potter series. Stephanie Meyer is an amazing writer. Though most know the course the book will follow it has so many twists and turns that its unbelievable. A MUST READ. ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS IVE READ.
B0018AK9RA|3.0|The Who, Pink Floyd and Rush comes to mind when I think of \\"Concept Album\\" or \\"Rock Opera\\". They are the masters and the benchmark to where all others who attempt this genre will be compared.    Judas Priest felt it was time to explore this uncharted region and in my humble opinion, didn't quite hit the mark. Not in effort, but more in character.    This recording is a vast departure from what one expects from these \\"Metal Gods\\". Not saying change is necessarily a bad thing, but when you are expecting a sip of coke and instead were tricked with a Guiness it can be quite an unpleasant experience. Even though they are both good in their perspective arenas.    This is an about-face to the Priest we know and love. The odd thing is, this would be an acceptable effort under a different name with differnt performers. But at this point just sits a little weird. Sort of like if Iron Maiden where to put out a hip-hop CD. The songs could be the best hip-hop songs of the year yet coming from Iron Maiden it would be a bit off kilter. And understandably offensive to some fans.    They get an A for effort but I fear treaded into territories that are too foreign for them and alot of their fans. Not saying that the fans can't grasp it, more that when you are in the mood for some \\"Priest\\" this is not the album you would reach for. Listen to a few songs from Pain Killer, then listen to a few songs from Nostradamus...Nuff said.    I hope there are more albums to come though, gotta love the Priest!
0375757856|5.0|Pastiche Victorian mystery and adventure tales are currently in vogue; but why settle for an imitation when you can read the real thing?    The Moonstone is at heart a mystery and detective story about a lost diamond. The gem is a sacred Indian artefact that carries a curse, and it leaves a trail of confusion and ruin in its path. Only the virtuous are likely to survive it, and when young heiress Rachel Verinder is bequeathed the stone by an evil uncle, her love, reputation and marriage plans are immediately thrown upside down. And the theft proves equally fateful to the host of family relations, servants, friends and professional detectives who join in to help the reader solve this artfully constructed case.    But Wilkie Collins's novel, written in the era of Dickens and George Eliot, is also a commentary on the time and mores. Five principal voices, of different social and intellectual standing, alternate as the narrator, each bringing its own colour, and this helps the book pick through such archetypes as the faithful old butler, the bigoted poor relation, and the pusillanimous cousin, as well as offer glimpses of contemporary attitudes to scientific enquiry, drugs, superstition, and the law. The dialogues are equally truthful. Indeed, The Moonstone is a pleasure to read, subtly written and constantly amusing. And importantly, it skirts the pitfalls of Victorian prejudice, whether social, religious or racial. This surprising book ranks alongside the better known 19th century classics and is not to be missed.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|Having been a fan of \\"Daria\\" since its second season in 1998, I've been hoping for years that a full DVD release would be forthcoming.  Sadly, I've seen such promises come and go, so I won't be holding my breath for this one (though I'd really like it to be true).<br /><br />As many people probably already suspect, \\"Daria's\\" long absence from the DVD market can likely be blamed on one major stumbling block: music clearance issues.  Each episode used roughly a dozen or so portions of songs in its soundtrack; spread that over five years (thirteen episodes a year) and two TV movies, and it adds up.  Obviously, MTV only obtained broadcast clearances for these songs, without considering video distribution (which needs separate clearances), and I don't think there's any chance in hell that they're going to renegotiate--and, more tellingly, pay more money--for them.  (The other big reason, of course, is that MTV has always treated \\"Daria\\" like a three-headed bastard stepchild, one that it would prefer to forget as quickly as possible...)<br /><br />If we ever see (non-bootleg) \\"Daria\\" episodes on DVD, you can be sure that they'll either have the music replaced with generic filler (which will definitely affect scenes which relied on specific music for impact), or there will be no music at all (like the bonus episodes on the \\"Is It Fall Yet?\\" and \\"Is It College Yet?\\" DVDs).  But, I guess that's better than not having them at all, or worse, having them butchered like the first season of \\"WKRP in Cincinnati\\".
031606792X|5.0|After reviewing some of the comments on the book, I am really surprised.  I'll admit I was a little displeased during some parts of the book, but when all was said and done it all made sense and came together very well.  I realize not everyone will be satisfied with the way things turn out...I've seen reviews that say Stephenie changed her characters completely to which I say there was an obvious reason for the changes that do occur.  However, I think the main core aspects of each character remain the same.  For instance, Bella remains strong and sure of her course throughout all of her decisions as usual.  Edward goes to the extreme trying to save Bella.  I'm trying not to list any spoilers so the vagueness will hopefully be forgiven.  Overall, I loved the book and am excited to continue reading books by this author in the future!
B00005JLR8|5.0|Excellent visual story telling.  All points of view are respected and portrayed with sensitivity.  A must see.
031606792X|1.0|I did not pick up Breaking Dawn only to have my expectations crushed beneath the weight of its massive fail.  I never read the Twilight \\"Saga\\" because I liked it.  I read it because I wanted to see what this latest fad was all about and I continued reading because, wow.  Really?  THIS is what people expect to replace Harry Potter?  THIS is the JANE AUSTEN of our time?  Truly, the world is ending.  I kept reading to see just how awful it could get and how much farther it could go before actual fans would be repulsed by the blatant misogyny, wish fulfillment and glorification of unhealthy, unequal relationships inherent in the \\"Saga\\".  Looks like Breaking Dawn was the breaking point for a lot of Twilight fandom.<br /><br />I went in expecting more badness but Breaking Dawn totally blew me away.  WARNING: SPOILERS WILL ENSUE.<br /><br />All the old irritants were there - Bella being whiny, Edward being controlling, Bella letting Edward and his family walk all over her while she acts like a passive/aggressive jerk but complains relentlessly to the reader about how put upon she is, Bella selfishly yanking Jacob around, Jacob continuing to take it like Bella's own personal whipping boy.  To be fair, that is pretty much the overarching theme of the series so it had to be included.<br /><br />New levels of weird were hit, however, when Bella turned up pregnant and Edward automatically assumed the responsibility of acquiring an abortion for his new bride.  And Bella dare not protest!  Instead she sneaks around and asks Rosalie for help in keeping her baby knowing that she herself would not be strong enough to prevent Edward from forcing an unwanted abortion on her.  WHAT?  I'm sorry, but when you fear your husband having more control over your life and body than you do, you should RUN FAR, FAR AWAY.  Not ask someone stronger to protect you while you stick around and martyr yourself.  Twilight has always carried a very frightening message to young women when it comes to relationships but Stephenie Meyer managed to top herself ten thousand times over in Breaking Dawn.<br /><br />Breaking Dawn was horrific and anti-climatic.  I can't imagine what the series from Bella's sparklebaby's POV will be like.  And you know there will be one!  I look forward to reading the pdfs about the Jacob/Nessie/Nahuel love triangle, SMeyer.  BRING IT ON!ie Meyer managed to top herself ten thousand times over in Breaking Dawn.    Breaking Dawn was horrific and anti-climatic.  I can't imagine what the series from Bella's sparklebaby's POV will be like.  And you know there will be one!  I look forward to reading the pdfs about the Jacob/Nessie/Nahuel love triangle, SMeyer.  BRING IT ON!
B0000DJZ8R|4.0|Lets keep it simple...shall we...  Movie is not as good as the book...but it is good...most movies are not as good as the book.
0743454537|3.0|WARNING: SPOILER ALERT    I was thrilled to be reading this book until the last 5 chapters when one of the main characters suffered a seizure. Ms. Picoult wrote that something was inserted into the individual's mouth while he was convulsing. This is something that should be AVOIDED when a person is having a seizure; Ms. Picoult has done an extreme disservice to her readers and people with epilepsy by illustrating this procedure in her book. I hope that no one will take the situation as truth; people who have seizures and have foreign objects placed in their mouth can seriously injure themselves and others. There is no need to place a foreign object in their mouth! How archaic and ignorant for Ms. Picoult to include that in her story.
031606792X|3.0|I was even rearranging my errands so I could focus on nothing but this book. While reading it I felt it lack the charisma that the other ones had. I agree that Eclipse was way better than this. I was shocked to see how easily Bella transformed into a mother after her fight with Edward on the big wedding idea. Her transformation into a vampire was too far fetched even for fiction. I mean she acted like she had always been a vampire and it came second nature to her. I dont know maybe if I reread it I will enjoy as much as the other 3.  The different types of vampires was cool but I expected something more than just a verbal agrument.. I dont know maybe like i said if I reread it..
031606792X|5.0|750 pages were not enough!  Mrs. Meyer, can't wait for what your imagination creates next.  Man, you write a great story.  Thanks for the ride.  I was thrilled, suprised, moved, delighted, nervous and sleep deprived for 2 days.  I now have \\"Twilight Depression\\" to deal with for the next month.  It feels like the day after Christmas.  But boy, was it ever worth it!
031606792X|3.0|I almost wish I could cut out the first two thirds of the book until Bella was changed into a vampire. It was really unnecessary. It was as these were new characters! Edward and Bella's original voices were not at all the same. I was in love with the first three books. I really felt for all the characters. I could not wait for the fourth book. I even reread the first three before I let myself go read the fourth. I will admit the whole of the fourth was not bad but overall it was far reaching and at times I just had to laugh at how ridiculous the plot was. There were SO many things SM could have done with the conclusion to this series. It made me sad that these characters were lost in the fourth book.     Jacob impriting on Nessie (I couldn't even understand how to pronounce her full name, everytime I read it I just rolled my eyes) did not bother me. It wasn't anything sexual as explained when the same thing happened to cousin Claire. It just seemed like a weak conclusion. Almost a copeout    Overall it seemed like everything was wrapped up into this nice neat package with a perfect bow. I just didn't believe it.     I had such hopes for this conclusion and unfortunately it left me with disjointed and apathetic feelings towards the characters.    I would say I didn't love it, but I didn't hate it. It wasnt anything special.
031606792X|5.0|You guys with the 1* are fricking killing me. Did you actually read any of the other Twilight books? Have you read Host? Have you ever heard the term, suspension of disbelief? Do you not get what kind of writer Stephenie (if I may be so bold) is?<br /><br />So...last week I'm killing time before Breaking dawn comes out and I like to vary my reading, so I pick up a copy of All the Pretty Horses by Cormac McCarthy. Ever read any of his stuff? The Road? No Country for Old Men? It was breath taking. The prose beautiful, the imagery stark and stunning, the character development second to none. The love story reached inside of me and grabbed me by the heart, made me feel like it was me that was in love...<br /><br />Then it ripped my beating heart out, stomped on it, and left me empty and aching for the loss. One of those books that you thank God for, and then with the same breath hope to God you never have to experience again. Movie's much the same, if you've seen it.<br /><br />Reading Stephenie is like a Sunday afternoon watching old black and white movies on AMC. You love the trip. You know things are going to turn out all right, it's Hollywood after all, but you can't see how the way things are going until at last... you wrap your hands around yourself and say thank you. Thank you for the glimpse of the world that we all hope for.<br /><br />Stephenie wrote a wonderful series. All 4 books were page turners, made me laugh and cry, made me roll over and kiss my wife just for the feel, and in the end, left me with hope and a feeling that yes boys and girls, there is true love and it can live...<br /><br />Forever.<br /><br />We all live in a world filled with conflict and disappointment, mixed with love and hope. I, for one, like a happy ending every now and again. I for one, think that a family that you love and want to be with forever if perfect. I have no regrets having spent so many sleepless nights reading the series. I would do it all again in a heartbeat.<br /><br />I think some of you 1*s just need to learn to enjoy a little suspension of disbelief... need to recognize when a good story is just that, a good story. No messages, no secret meanings, no religious implications, no statements on teen pregnancy, or getting married early (Only foster kids and married at 19 here, just had my 20th wedding anniversary).<br /><br />This book was just a good story and I thank Stephenie for the ride.<br /><br />Oh, and for the record, I can't WAIT for Midnight Sun and the next two Host books...y a little suspension of disbelief... need to recognize when a good story is just that, a good story. No messages, no secret meanings, no religious implications, no statements on teen pregnancy, or getting married early (Only foster kids and married at 19 here, just had my 20th wedding anniversary).    This book was just a good story and I thank Stephenie for the ride.    Oh, and for the record, I can't WAIT for Midnight Sun and the next two Host books...
1401322336|5.0|This was given to me as a christmas gift and is my cookbook BIBLE!!!!!!!  EVERY recipe I've tried here has made me feel faint with bliss, yes, every single recipe I've tried has been rediculously tasty, this man is genius at combining flavours.  Try the poussins with sundried tomatoes and chianti whatever it was called oh my god you won't be sorry, I ate nearly the whole pot whilst my husband barely got a look in, I just couldn't help myself.  The fifteen christmas salad is so, so tasty, and the port chops with apple stilton and sage were utterly divine. If I'm entertaining and need really impressive food, this book is ALWAYS my first port of call.
031606792X|5.0|After reading Breaking Dawn, and having a few days to let everything sink in, I have to honestly say that I am happy with how everything ended.<br /><br />**Might contain spoilers... so please read with caution**<br /><br />Going back to Twilight, New Moon, and Eclipse reminded me of my high school days... regardless of how long ago they were.  :-) Those books drudged up parts of my memories that I had forgotten about over the years.  I guess that's why I felt so close to them... they reminded me a lot of myself - at least Bella's perspective anyway.<br /><br />But now that I have read Breaking Dawn, I feel that it touches on issues that people get into once they are out of the \\"high school frame of mind\\" - so to speak.  As we know from the very beginning of Twilight... Bella has never really been a teenager... except in age.  Her mind and personality go beyond that.  Her aversion to marriage was just something that was instilled in her from her childhood... from her mother.  Which is stated in the beginning of Breaking Dawn.  But her mother realizes that Bella is going to do what she feels is best for herself, and that she's not making the same mistakes Renee made.<br /><br />Some people that have given their review state that they don't like the \\"message\\" given to teens about pregnancy and such.  Whether they think it's a bad message for teen pregnancies, or the \\"pro-choice\\" route, or whatever.  I don't see it as a message for girls to go out and get pregnant, and I don't view Bella's decision to keep the child despite what it was doing to her physical health, a message to be pro-choice.  I see it as Bella making up her mind and sticking to it, as she has done throughout the entire saga.  She wasn't sure if she wanted to have children, and wasn't sure about giving up the ability to have them - especially after hearing Rosalie's story and envisioning her future with Jacob.  I feel that it goes along perfectly with Bella's character, to want to keep the child, regardless of what she has to go through.  As long as the others in her life were happy, she would always endure whatever pain she would have to.<br /><br />There were a few parts of BD that I did start to tear up over, and felt as if there was no hope... that these characters that I've grown so attached to were all going to be killed off.  But then was so relieved when that didn't happen.  Some say that the \\"happily ever after\\" that was achieved in the ending was a poor excuse for the end of the saga.  And also that they feel cheated that there wasn't any violence/fights, at least not as much as there were in the previous books.  Some people are holding Twilight on a pedestal.  And that's fine, because that's their opinion, and who am I to deny it or tell them they are wrong?  But I also feel that this book was the transitioning point for the characters... going from just \\"teens\\" to adults.  Mentally as much as physically, in Bella's case.<br /><br />Some have also shared their 'distaste' with Jacob imprinting on Nessie, and how they just didn't like how that turned out.  Imprinting is something the wolves cannot control.. as stated previously.  Quil imprinted on a toddler.  And while to the normal teen/adult, that may sound sick, and give way to that of a pedophile... we know by the explanation given by Jacob, that it's nothing like that.  It's only the perverted minds of the readers that take it to a place it was not intended to go.  Bella always knew that there was a reason she needed Jacob to be in her life. Although little did she know she would be giving birth to the reason for his 'happy ending.'  It's a little strange, yes, but I feel that it finally gives way to understanding the connection Bella has felt with Jacob and why it was so hard to give him up, even though she already had Edward.<br /><br />Overall... I feel that BD is the ending that I had hoped for.. we got to see how Bella turned out as a vampire... something we've been waiting for since Twilight.And then we got to see that after Bella's \\"change\\", she was still able to see her family, well Charlie at least.  And that she didn't really give up as much as she thought she was going to have to give up.  It's heart warming, and a good ending.  One that I'm happy with.<br /><br />But the way it was written, it's left open so that perhaps later on in the future, if SM is so inclined... she can grace us once again with the stories of these wonderful characters from her vibrant imagination., she was still able to see her family, well Charlie at least.  And that she didn't really give up as much as she thought she was going to have to give up.  It's heart warming, and a good ending.  One that I'm happy with.      But the way it was written, it's left open so that perhaps later on in the future, if SM is so inclined... she can grace us once again with the stories of these wonderful characters from her vibrant imagination.
031606792X|3.0|Avoiding spoilers, this book appears to be the exception to Stephanie's own rule, to write for herself and no one else. On the contrary, this book in some parts were far too drawn out, and then all togeather rushed at the end, with too many aboslutely-impossible-even-for-a-vampire-novel scenarios. She was doing great about keeping the story plausable with the other three, so why did this book have to turn out to be the vampire re-write of X-Men? Just give Carlisle (Charles?) an electric wheelchair, and we're golden.
031606792X|2.0|This is not a good book.  I get the instinct for fans to rationalize the quality of a book, I really do.  And truthfully, the style of writing in here is the same evocative, engaging style that characterized the other books in the series - that hasn't changed.  What has changed is the apparent willingness of Meyer's agent, editors and draft readers to contradict their golden goose when she proposes a plot and structure that should have sent warning flags up all over the place from the very first draft.    The story structure is bad, people.  The midpoint of the novel feels like an end, and the second half of the novel builds builds builds builds... into a total collapse.  Basic storytelling, you don't devote tons of energy and time to setting up a conflict and then have it dissolve away.  I'd also say that after three books where your critics and fans increasingly mention that your heroine's losing her spark and becoming disturbingly passive, you shouldn't write one where she is LITERALLY incapacitated for half the book.  When your hero's been criticized for being an overreacting drama queen, you might want to mature him to a point where he stops hyperventilating and treating the heroine like a spun glass creation that can't make her own decisions.  And lastly, when you've already experienced the not-unnoticed uproar over Quil and his toddler bride, don't freaking replicate that!  When you're already bending the rules of vampire lore (to the point of breaking for many), you can flex the less-defined shapeshifter rules a bit as well to accommodate your audience's horrified reaction to the test-run of that particular relationship.    I think Meyer got bored (understandably) of Bella and Edward.  They turned into cardboard cutouts - the only time the story came to life was when Jacob's POV was happening, and that's because he had a new story to tell (I suspect someone should have told Meyer to scrap this entire thing and instead write an overlapping Jacob story that also covered this territory). There are too many instances where an editor should have written \\"HELL NO\\" in the margins of the manuscript.  I'll cede the realism of not having anyone we like die in the series - I disagree with it, in the same way that you add salt to sweet recipes to heighten the contrast and make the sweet more vibrant - but fine, no one dies. Fairy tales are great, and I take the point that they end up happily ever after, but not for everyone in the tale!  The wicked witch dies, the stepsisters get their comeuppance, the dragon is slain.  In \\"Breaking Dawn\\", the good get their happy ending, but the evil isn't vanquished.  It just mutters something sinister, decides not to kill anyone today and slinks offstage.  That's not a fairy tale ending, that's alarming.    Meyer isn't a bad writer, she's a good one.  \\"Twilight\\" was compelling, \\"The Host\\" similarly engaging.  It's her sequels that turn into small-scale disasters - well, that and the trend of female characters who start off strong and then spend the story withering into a person that needs protection.    The lesson here, for me, is that JK Rowling and her editors were miles more talented than I gave them credit for in their ability to walk the tightrope of audience reaction and author ownership.  And Meyer's people should start taking notes on how to manage this sort of expectation, because \\"Breaking Dawn\\" is surely going to damage her base for her next release.
031606792X|5.0|I was really looking forward to this book, having experienced an addiction to the first 3 as well as Meyer's The Host.  I was expecting the 4th book to be equal to the first 3 books, but held little else in expectations.  I don't feel disappointed, if I had wanted something specific I should write it myself.  The 4th book is neat, different in tone and flow, but still held the fabric of Bella and Edwards relationship which is the allure for me.  It is fiction, fantasy, and make-believe, I feel that should not be bound; and fictional writing should have only one's imagination as the limit.  I give this book 5 stars because I couldn't put it down, it is essential to the saga, and I love to read.  For those of you that want something else check out [...] and read other's spin on things or write your own.  The scathing remarks are too harsh for the beautifully woven words, and humanistic touches that Meyers brings oto the masses with her stories.
031606792X|5.0|Ok, so I think I know what's going on here...You can easily see that the 3 books previous to Breaking Dawn have scored very well with Amazon customers...so what happened with Breaking Dawn?  Why are people so put off?      I thought the book was great.  I think that others who are not having as positive a reaction were expecting too much.  True, the passionate, tense, forbidden love element is missing from BD...but people had to expect that Edward & Bella would end up together right?  What fairy tale ends without the hero & heroine all wrapped up in love?  And if you're concerned that BD may not have the best message for young girls, you would have had that concern throughout the entire series.  That concept is not new to BD.  We can have good stories just for the sake of good stories.    I believe SM did a great job pulling this together at the end.  I am confused by other reviewers who are upset that everything came together for Bella.  In this dreamland, we could only expect a fairy tale ending.    If you are looking for an exciting end to this exciting love story, this is it.  And if you just relax and enjoy the story, you'll see that it's just right.
031606792X|1.0|It was not a bad story...it just didn't fit a long with the series at all. LOL but the discussions here are hysterical so if your sad just browse through them and the puns are almost worth the read.
031606792X|1.0|Poorly written, anticlimatic, and worst of all - remarkably unfaithful and inconsistent with the other three books in the series.  Pretty much everything that made the earlier books something more than teenaged romantic fluff get thrown out the window so that the main characters can live in a world where they won't have to suffer for any of their poor decisions.    Also, I don't think this was written for a young adult audience-in fact, I think the overall message that it sends to young girls is kind of dangerous.
031606792X|1.0|This book just failed to end the story on a good note. It seemed like Meyer tried too hard to bring everything together into the perfect package and it didn't fit. It's like the whole book belongs to another series, and all the characters seem out of character for the most part. And the twist. ugh. It was like a bad fanfiction.    I am a huge Twilight saga fan, but this book just dropped the ball. It lacked in romance, drama, and most of all realism. There were so many different ways that Meyer could have made this story better, great even, but it really just falls flat and feels empty.
0553801503|3.0|I purchased this book two years ago and I have not read it yet. I thought that the next book in the series would be coming out shortly and I wanted to read them together. Well, I am still waiting. I have read the first three books in this series and enjoyed them enough to read them twice. But this waiting is too much. Come on George, get to work on this series and let your other projects go for awhile. I hope you will finish this series during your lifetime (and mine).     Look at the timeline for the hardcover release dates:  Book 1 - Aug 1996  Book 2 - Feb 1999  Book 3 - Oct 2000  Book 4 - Nov 2005    It's been twelve years since the first release and we are only half way into the series. Will it take twelve more years to publish the rest? Is Book 5 coming out in 2009? ... 2010? And George, don't tell me to get a life. Without readers what kind of life would you have? You owe it to your readers to finish in a timely manner what you started. You have the potential to be remembered as a great writer - if you give us the rest of this series.
031606792X|5.0|I have seen on several notice boards that there are fans out there that were disappointed by this book. I am most definitely not one of them. Breaking Dawn was about bringing the story full circle, and I felt satisfied when I finished it (though a little sad that the series was now over).     I urge all readers to give this book a chance, it's fiction and fiction is about suspending your disbelief and allowing a story to transport you to another world. This book does that in spades. Some parts of it, contain my favourite scenes from the whole series. When reading the first three books I would imagine how certain future scenes may turn out - this book exceeded all my expectations in that respect.     I cried, I laughed, but mostly I just sat back and had fun.     Bring on the next book!
031606792X|5.0|I have seen a lot of negative reviews for this book and I thought it would have more stars than three.  I have always thought Bella was a little over dramatic in the first three books. After reading this last book I have more respect for Bella.  She grows up alot and shines as a mother, wife and vampire.  She sacrificed a lot to be with Edward and even though they are able to have a child together it makes their love that much stronger.  Bella realizes that their are more important things than just her love for Edward.  Because while she will always love Edward I think this more mature Bella would not act like the Bella in book two because of Nessie.  True love the kind that lasts is not about dying for each other its about living. Its about waking up with that person everyday raising a family with them its about the mundane details of everyday life because that is what true love is spending the rest of your life with that special someone.  I love Bella's happily ever after and maybe if were lucky because there were a few unanswered questions we will get Nessie's story.  Above all I think Stephanie Meyer's Twlight Saga is wonderful and I love the tranistion of the teenage Bella into the mature adult Bella because we all half to grow up.  Even Harry Potter got married and had kids,lol.
B001BODXVW|4.0|This album has a lot going for it.  Songs that you enjoy listening to, fun lyrics, although my only gripe is that it can become a little repetitive in parts.  Daron is great at injecting a nice energy into his songs.  Chemicals may just be the craziest, most off the wall rock song I've ever heard, and it is so much fun to listen to.  If you buy this record, you won't be disappointed.  Best songs on the album are \\"They Say\\", \\"Chemicals\\", \\"3005\\", \\"Serious\\", \\"Babylon\\", and \\"Kill Each Other\\".  Give it a chance, I think you will like it.
031606792X|5.0|I was completely happy with the ending of this story.  I have read many negative reviews on this final installment from Bellas side. I am rather surprised because I don't see it. It was quite different from what I imagined but then again it could have ended in many different ways.  I guess that may be the let down for some. From the begining Stephenie Meyer shared this story that came from HER dream.  Leading up to the release of BD she gave very few hints of what was to come in this final book except that is how she saw this story ending after she wrote Twilight.  That was enough for me.  The only thing I was left feeling sad about is that it was the final ending.  I felt some ends were still left a bit unraveled that there could possibly further books but after the horrible things said about this book I am not sure if there ever will be any more.  I felt she wrote this book well knowing the characters personally herself in her head. This was her vision and I am thrilled with how it ended. I would suggest rereading it after the first time as there is MUCH in the part of details and storyline.
031606792X|1.0|Right now I'm cringing as I try to finish up the last few pages of this monster of a book. Do you remember all the fuss surrounding JK's hideous epilogue? Think of it like that, but 780+ pages of complete and utter fail.     While I wished for the best and in the beginning honestly admired Stephenie, this book is not worth the money. I am considering joining the movement of sickened fans who are returning the book in protest of this having been allowed to be published.
031606792X|5.0|I just can not get over some of the horrible things that have been written on here about Mrs. Meyers and her latest book!  I am just in awe!  9 out of 10 people could only dream of writing a short story with this much love and compassion for thier charactors.  Let alone the time, patience and creativity it takes to write a saga of 4 books.  Mrs. Meyers stayed true to her dream of Edward and Bella.  And I can not thank her enough for that!  I know that everyone is going to have an opinion on her book(s) and not everyone is going to LOVE them the way I do!  But to disrespect Mrs. Meyers with such rude comments as to \\"was she taking drugs\\" is just crazy!  For all of you that have the nerve to personally insult Mrs. Meyers please put your full name so I know who to be looking for the next time I look at NY Times Best Seller List!!!!  Have your opinion about the book, the way you would have liked it etc, etc!  But leave the personal attacks to yourself!      Now as for the book Breaking Dawn............I LOVE IT!!!! IT IS EVERYTHING THAT I WANTED AND THEN SOME!!! THANK YOU MRS. MEYERS FOR STAYING TRUE TO YOUR CHARACTORS AND ENDING THE SAGA JUST THE WAY THAT I HAD HOPED FOR!  YOU ARE A WONDERFUL WRITER AND I LOOK FORWARD TO MIDNIGHT SUN!!
B00164DWEA|4.0|Louis Leterrier's `Incredible Hulk' does everything in reverse:  When watching comic action-adventure films, we expect the special effects to be perfect with a script that's flawed.  Not here. With a properly pensive screenplay by Zak Penn, and a sensitive, yet gripping reading by Edward Norton, this `Hulk' gets only what's important right.    Briefly Bruce Banner (Norton) hides out in Brazil, trying yoga from an Eastern trainer who can help to keep his temper and heart-rate low to soothe his inner beast.  Contacting an anonymous professor, code named Mr. Blue, in NYC, he sends blood samples to find an antidote to his radiation-afflicted condition.      Tracking him from the Pentagon, General Ross (William Hurt) wants to make his gamma-ray rages into the army's new weapon of mass destruction.  On his side is guinea pig wannabe and Brit-accented Maj. Blonsky (Tim Roth) who is Banner and Hulk's nemesis.  Banner is on the run until he can catch up undetected to NYC and try Mr. Blue's hopeful cure to his raging condition.  Threading the main plot is his reunion with the general's daughter, Dr. Elizabeth Ross (an equally terrific Liv Tyler).  Their love brings a decency and tenderness to the film, providing a real antidote to the Frankenstein proceedings.  The father-daughter relationship is pivotal as well.  The movie makes it plain if indeed blood is truly thicker than water.    This `Incredible Hulk' gets it right in the software (heart) if not the hardware (special effects).  The emotional context is right as we can only sympathize with Banner's plight.  Seeing the monster and some army maneuvering we're made so aware of the digitalized effects, I felt sometimes like I was watching the stiffness of video game graphics.  The running chases are far more impressive.  When the director gets up close to the scenes as they pass by, the effect is properly enthralling.  The suspenseful mood is often present, and the time it takes to tell the story is laudably spare.  Praiseworthy themes such as bio-ethics and combat ethics are explicitly weaved through the story.  It's also good to see William Hurt with a fresh performance as a crusty martinet after some stale roles.  I did feel the ending was a bit of a roadblock.  Smacking of signaled sequels, the ending made me feel I was a theatre-goer of old watching a serial drama.  Just tune in next year.  Yeah, but you can bet I'll be there.      A J.P.'s Pick 3.5 *'s= Good-Very Good
055357342X|5.0|best start to a fantasy series i've read. But definitely wait till they last 3 installments come out before diving it. It's no fun to wait a few years between books.    it's the best of the first four books (that are out now)
B0002VK66U|3.0|First let me say I am not a die hard JLT fan. Only recently have I started looking at his catalogue and buying his solo albums. I was impressed enough with his solo projects of the last ten years and I know him from Fandango, Rainbow, Deep Purple and Mother's Army, so I decided to check out this album too.    The strong points are the energy in the music and the vocals. As on no other album I have heard, Joe Lynn Turner can really hit the high notes. He does some classic 80s screams along with his usual style of power vocals. Each song is charged with energy, making every effort to show the music world that JLT could put out an album that should have made more people notice.    For my taste, however, the album uses too much synthesizer, which is the dominant instrument on the album. It sounds really like 80s power pop rather than a hard rock album like we are used to hearing on almost every other album JLT has done. Also, I find there is little variety on the album. For the most part any song will suffice as an example of JLT's work here. Listening to the whole album I think it makes great background or driving music, but it's not an album that makes me look forward to the next track and the next.    You have to realize that this album does sound very different from his other works. But if you are a true fan of Joe Lynn Turner or this style of music then you will appreciate the album.
0553381687|5.0|Excellent book. The first four are out as of now. 1 2 3 are great. 4 is lacking. I would wait till they are all out and you can go through them back to back. I don't want to re read them all when the next ones come out, but im afraid the won't be fresh enough in my mind for me to truly enjoy all the details when I have to wait a few years between books. Great series but definitely wait till theyre all written.
031606792X|1.0|Reading the other three Twilight series books and The Host, I come away with the idea that Stephenie Meyer is a good author. Not the second coming of Shakespeare or anything; the Twilight series especially reads like fan fiction. But THAT'S OKAY! It's still a good read! It's worth it to buy the first three books and read them, even if you feel a little silly buying them in the bookstore. Cause they're good stories.    But I would just end with those books. I'm going to pretend this book doesn't exist - the same way I pretend that season 6 of 24 doesn't exist. For me it'll just go from 5 to 7. For me the Twilight series will end with Eclipse. Because it feels like that's how Stephenie Meyer treated it as well. It's very obvious this plot wasn't thought out, the characters weren't kept in tact - it's almost like a ghost writer wrote it. A really crappy ghost writer that knew nothing about the characters. Which isn't fair to the characters that Mrs. Meyer created and developed in the first three books.     Which can only lead me to believe that this book was all a money-making scheme. Sure the other books were meant to make money. I understand how business works. But this reads like a hastily thrown together, not thought out idea. I believe (especially after reading The Host - while long, it's really a great story) that if Stephenie Meyer had just taken a year or two (I don't care HOW much the fans complain, they're willing to wait it out if they get a great book) and then released something that she obviously worked hard on and cared about this whole book series would have ended sooooo much better.     I know fans of JK Rowling hate comparing Stephenie Meyer to her. But just for a second compare this: The epilogue to the final Harry Potter book doesn't look so bad/lame now, does it? This coming from a reader that HATED the HP epilogue. I'll take that short epilogue over this long, not thought out book, any day.
055358202X|3.0|When I came across the following review of A Feast for Crows (the ideas are unfortunately not uncommon), I decided to share my thoughts. I admit that I had too much time on my hands and that I am perhaps overly critical of the review in consideration because on some level I share the reviewer's frustration with AFFC. However, the review, in turn, is overly critical of AFFC.     (it's a 1 star review titled \\"there should be a law against this\\")  ------------------------------     \\"i first came upon these books sometime in 2003. in 2006 i read 'feast for crows'. then waiting forever for 'a dance of dragons' ...     if readers knew that this series which started in 1997, would be prolonged forever, how many of them would have even started reading this series - paying money for them?     don't authors have a responsibility towards their readers?     to write three great books and then keep readers waiting forever (while the author pens other books) is dishonest in the extreme. there should a law against such chicanery.     publishing houses learning from robert jordan and george rr martin, should desist from publishing incomplete books. they should start publishing a series only when the author hands in the complete set.     and public should sue these authors and their publishing companies for making a fool of them.\\"  -------------------------------     my thoughts as they arrive- in run on fashion:     Martin has created, using his own mind his own skill and his own talent, three of the best fantasy books ever written. Now, because he chooses to spend his time in other ways than writing the rest of the series, or because he is a perfectionist and wants to write the rest to be the masterpiece taking the time he requires, or for whatever reason he is not writing at the pace you have determined is the correct and proper pace to write a gripping series of 1000 page fantasy novels, you want to get Mr. Big Government involved to expedite the realisation of your satisfaction- your own greedy desire find out the fate of Martin's magnificently developed characters in his brilliantly crafted world. Instead of waiting until Martin freely and voluntarily puts forth the remainder of his masterpiece, you believe as a consumer (in line with some sort of consumerist manifesto) you should have the ability to strong arm him in to speeding up. You are misguided to think that somehow you have an unalienable (government enforceable) right to the creativity of Martin's mind and the fruits of Martins labor. Sure, you don't (yet) claim that the future events in Westeros ought to be revealed to you free of charge because you have already invested your time and money getting yourself hooked. But, it's not much of a leap from demanding by law that Martin quit his dilly dallying and supply the final books in the series because you have this right to them, to declaring that your right is to have them not only when you want them (now), but how you want them (delivered directly to \\"Your Grace\\"), where you want them (while sitting on your \\"Iron Throne\\"), and at what price you want them (free- because you're you, and you deserve it).     Sure, you and anyone else who has read the first four books in A Song of Ice and Fire is disappointed that books five six and seven (eight nine ten...) aren't out yet, and probably at least a little disappointed in the quality of book four. Sure, you want books five through ... to be as good as the first three in the series. Don't we all? After reading a particularly good book, that kept us turning pages well after we should have turned the lights out to get enough sleep to arrive fresh to our early appointments the next morning, we all begin that never ending quest to find the next book that enthralls us at least as well. As anyone who has been through this knows, finding the next book that meets our new standard is no easy task. But, exponentially harder is the task of the author who pens such masterful work. Martin has created a new benchmark for epic fantasy. Does it seem possible to you, by any stretch of the imagination, that somehow, if only the founding fathers had had the foresight to put it in the Bill of Rights, all fiction published would be as good as Tolkien, Rowling, MARTIN, and/or (insert your own personal favorite)? Well, perhaps you're right. After all, Amtrak is the best way to travel, the USPS is the best way to mail packages, and the DMV is the best way to spend a Saturday afternoon. It's quite natural to assume, therefore, that a \\"law, against such chicanery\\" as taking too much time to publish a highly anticipated novel that once out only furthered the general sense of disappointment and impatience, must result in the spread of five star novels at only the most virulent pace.     further thoughts on AFFC:     AFFC is a very disappointing fourth installment to the series. It was a big mistake to drop half the characters. Also, too many irrelevant and boring characters (as of the end of the 4th book) are introduced. Martin should have kept all the characters together for the book, made it longer if it needed to be, and dropped the characters that add nothing to the overall storyline. I'm optimistic these new characters will all have been necessary when the series is through, but as of now they aren't. On another note, I noticed what was perhaps some deception in AFFC. Do the publishers think they are fooling anyone by making the 4th book \\"1000\\" pages, the same length as the rest of books? The type is clearly bigger or the spacing is wider. I would venture that AFFC is only a little over half as long as the first three. If it were infact intended to deceive, it would be very insulting to the readers. In the end I give it a 3 because the important characters (cersei, jaime) are still as interesting and as important as they were in the first three books, and I will stick with the series till the end, undoubtedly, because Martin has a lot of talent, and one glitch doesn'tmean he's done producing great work.
031606792X|1.0|This book was so predictable as to be painful.  This series should have gone no further than book 2.  If this is the direction of her writing she had best look for work in daytime soaps.  As my husband said \\"As the Moon Turns.  When last we left our start-crossed lovers, etc etc etc.\\"<br /><br />It's sad, I have really admired Mrs. Meyer over the years; having met her just after book 2 came out, but perhaps she should take some time off.<br /><br />Anyone looking for a better vampire read try Sunshine (Robin Mckinley), Suck It Up (Brian Meehl), the Blue Bloods (Melissa De La Cruz) or any of the Sookie Stackhouse novels (Charlaine Harris).
0553579908|5.0|best start to a fantasy series i've read. But definitely wait till they last 3 installments come out before diving it. It's no fun to wait a few years between books.
B000ICLTIC|5.0|I Love Meat Loaf and Bat out of Hell is still one of my favourite albums. This includes classic hits like Bat out of Hell, Paradise by the Dashboard Light, Two Out of Three Aint Bad. I like going back to where it all started. 5 STARS.
031606792X|4.0|I have read the Twilight series several times, and while I agree that the 4th book did not engage me like the others, I found I couldn't stop reading it.  I still loved and cared for the characters.  I read some other reviews about the chance to give some powerful messages, this is a story people.  These are fantastical creatures.  It isn't Stephenie Meyers responsibility to preach about teen pregnancy, it is time for PARENTS to step up.  I believe these books shouldn't be read by girls younger than 13 anyway and wouldn't it be nice if daughters and mothers could read them together.  Have you all forgotten the important factor of waiting till you are married to have sex?  While the book did not fulfill everything I hoped for it, I think maybe our expections were a bit high, I do think that Mrs. Meyer gave us the best possible conclusion that she could.
031606792X|1.0|How do I loathe thee? Let me count the ways...     First of all, when I'm reading the work of a published, successful author and start getting painful flashbacks to horrible fanfiction, that's normally not really a good sign. It doesn't have anything to do with the fact that Edward and Bella are such horrible Mary Sues that it makes me want to gag. It doesn't have anything to do with the fact that Meyer's basically removed from the story one of my favorite characters (Alice), or the fact that this is such a massive disappointment in a series I began to read under pressure from my friends, actually found to be halfway decent, and enjoyed.     Then I read Breaking Dawn.     (Spoiler Alert)     What the hell was that? It almost feels like Meyer contracted some mediocre fanfic writer to come up with her half baked story line which seemed like a 700 page epilogue. What ever happened to consistency? Why do all of her previously fairly well developed characters suddenly act like puppets on strings with no rhyme or reason for their actions, only the whims of their creator and puppeteer, who only seemed interested in tying up everything in what was a pathetically weak ending.     The beginning was decent. In fact, I would have been perfectly fine if we could copy and paste the beginning, edit out all that middle garbage with the spawn and pasted the ending with the Volturi on, but come up with a more compelling reason for them to be there. It doesn't help that a large part of the middle of the book focuses on Jacob, but it doesn't give him any real further character development or depth.     So the question is this.     What the hell happened?     Oh. Renesmee or whatever her name is is the stupidest plot twist/conflict   device/name ever. She didn't have any depth, she simply served as a way for Meyer to try to tie up the story with the Volturi. As if that weren't enough, I half expected Jacob to imprint on Leah, or Leah to imprint on him. Then that didn't happen, and he imprints on Bella's daughter. WTF?     That pretty much describes this book. WTF?
031606792X|2.0|This book was a huge disappointment.  I could go on and on about how much I disliked it, but all of that has been pretty much been covered here.  I can't believe what a horrible book this was.
031606792X|2.0|She didn't need to write this book if this was what it was going to come down to. She could have just told us the terrible, fanfiction-esque plot and then I could have sat in my room, cried a little, and go on with my life as if Eclipse was the last book in the series. Or written my own, or something.     Here's what is wrong with Breaking Dawn:  1. Bella getting pregnant - this is non-canon, out of character rubbish. I don't care how she explained it, it's wrong.  2. Jacob's imprinting - creepy, way too neat, and Bella's feelings just poof away. Felt like a desperate plot device.  3. Renesmee - in her own way she was cute. But her name...really SM? Carlie would have been acceptable - this is not.  4. Climax - non-existent. What climax? Omg, omg, we're gonna fight the Volturi!...Oh, never mind, we're not. False alarm!  5. Bella as a vampire - great description at first. However, Edward and Bella's relationship got lost somewhere, Bella's personality did a 180 from clumsy 18-yr-old to super mature vampire super-hero, and on top of it all, the whole climactic making the ultimate decision between humanity and vampire-ness was lost. Thanks.  6. Rosalie - did anybody else notice this? I really thought we'd made some progress with Rosalie in Eclipse in understanding her and having her not be a heartless b**** all the time. And then suddenly we lost it. All character development went out the window.    All in all, I thought Breaking Dawn was a not bad read. But I will never count it as part of the Twilight series. In my head, it is something that just happened to occur in the Twilight universe but is in no way connected to Edward and Bella. I might just go through the book with white-out and change all the character's names. For me, the series ended at Eclipse, because I'm not sure this one was even written by Stephenie Meyer. I am still a huge Stephenie Meyer and Twilight fan but I feel...let down. This book was just pages and pages of neatly resolved problems and perfecthappy endings.
B00005JLCI|5.0|Hamlet is very true to the Shakespearean play.  There are only a few rearragements of the placement of the words.  Very well done.
031606792X|5.0|I was a little sad by all the negative reviews I had seen on Amazon for Breaking Dawn--so I felt a little hesitant when I starting reading Breaking Dawn today.<br /><br />I am delighted to say that, like Twilight, I was unable to put the book down until I finished it this evening.  It felt a tad crammed at times and it seems as though the book could easily have been split into two separate books--but it was still a very quick, action-packed read that made me fall more in love with Edward & Bella...<br /><br />I am hoping that Stephenie starts a new series following one of the..ahem...new family members...<br /><br />Enjoy!<br />Jamie, a partially-biased BYU grad
B0007TKNL0|5.0|Heard about this movie for a long time. If you like musicals in Opera style, this movie is well worth it.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|Utterly romantic story...    Great Script (\\"I don't want to possess you. I wish to marry you because I love you.\\" Does it get much better than that? Didn't think so :),    Fantastic Cinematography (the first time Margaret sees Mr. Thornton comes to mind),    Possibly the best score ever written (Martin Phipps is a genius),    Well-defined characters played by the perfect cast (Richard Armitage as John Thornton; need I say more?).    This replaced Pride and Prejudice as my favorite BBC series. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a great love story.
B0001I55SS|5.0|Excellent movie from Disney for that time period in which it was created. I had been wanting to get this for quite awhile.
031606792X|3.0|First of all, let me say that I loved Twilight, New Moon and Eclipse. I enjoyed SM's writing, the plot and characters, so I was looking forward to reading the final installment. Unfortunately, Breaking Dawn broke with the pattern of the first three novels.    SPOILERS    Missing in this book for me was the human element that SM brought to her first three books.  Specifically, the parts written from Bella's perspective lacked the internal struggle and thoughtfulness that she had in Twilight. Everything seemed to be happening to her, and she simply accepted it instead of thinking through the various situations in the novel, such as getting married, her pregnancy, being changed in to a vampire etc. At times, Bella even seemed a little heartless to me in her treatment of Jacob, and I had never felt like that before.    Jacob on the other hand was written well. I think he was written the closest to the character that he had been in the previous books; however, I was not a fan of the way SM wrote the scene after Bella's pregnancy. It seemed as though Jacob simply stopped caring for Bella, \\"The senseless need to be near her had vanished. Or maybe moved was the better word\\" p. 355. I understand about the imprinting, but Jacob always cared for Bella, and I found it hard to believe and OOC that his feeling would simply turn off like that.    The pregnancy itself was disturbing, as was the part where Edward called Jacob \\"my son,\\" but whatever. Everything I was hoping for (besides an exciting fight scene with the Volturi. I noticed SM wrote around all of the fight scenes in the other three novels, so I wasn't really expecting a battle, but I hoped) happened in this novel. All my favorite characters lived; Bella and Edward ended up together; Bella was changed in to a vampire; Jacob ended up with someone.  The problem wasn't the way everything ended up. It was how it occured. Bella was too accepting of all of the events. The desperate love between Bella and Edward seemed superficial and lessened.    In short, by itself, Breaking Dawn was mediocre.  In comparison to its conterparts, the novel was a departure from SM's previous brillancy and an overall disappointment.
031606792X|5.0|Isn't this what everyone wanted? A perfect ending? Well thats what we got. Well all except those \\"Team Jacob\\" fans :) I enjoyed this whole series of books, some of it kind of dragged in the middle. Took me off guard to see Book 2 \\"Jacob\\" it was nice to see things from his point of view even though I was not a big fan of his since he was just a big jerk a lot of the time. Bella choose what she wanted and that was to live forever with her Edward. So she got pregnant, big whoop. Its a fantasy and I think a lot of people are taking it way to literal. I loved how all the covens came together to witness baby Renesmee. I particularly love the name, it's different and unquie and whats wrong with that? Get over it.     The book had it's high points and low points, yes, but what book doesn't?     People bring up college - she can still go to college, not human of course, but she can still go and learn what she wants.    Poeple bring up the fact that she got pregnant at 18, as sad as this is to say I bet there are more 18 year olds out there pregnant than we even know about, again its a book and it's fiction. Stop acting as if this was real life.     Lastly, again I'd like to say I throughly enjoyed this book and the whole series of books. Stephenie Meyer did an excellent job. If you go to her website you will read that she just kind of fell into this writing thing. She had a dream, woke up in the middle of it wanting to know how it ended. She did a superb job. Im 27, and enjoyed every last minute of it. I was on the edge of my seat the whole time wanting to know more and was sad to put the book down because I had to work or sleep :) I can't wait for Midnight Sun and Twilight the movie to come out!!
031606792X|5.0|As many of you, I have loved reading the \\"Twilight\\" series. Although I am well past my high school days, it was not hard to remember how it felt to be 18 and in love.     I had great expectations for \\"Breaking Dawn\\", and was afraid that Stephenie would dissappoint by trying to make it too realistic- Bella would decide Jacob was a safer choice. I was thrilled that she and Edward ended up together. It is a fictitious novel, afterall, let us imagine the perfect scenario!     I felt this particular book was more grown-up. It seemed Bella had really grown up and was ready to face her future. The themes were much more adult, obviously, as well. I would have a hard time letting my 13 or 14 yer old daughter (if I had one) read this last book. I think it takes a certain adult maturity to understand what is the big deal about finding out she is having Edward's baby. I loved that twist! It had me glued intensely to the book wondering if she would live through this!     I LOVED the ending as well. It was a surprising twist to not have a fight! There was tension and intrigue, but no fight. Some things can be solved with words.     I say, Bravo, Stephenie Meyer. Thank you for giving me a few hours of sheer entertainment and imagination!
031606792X|1.0|I don't know what to say other than that the book really disappointed me in so many ways. The characters felt like shadows of what they were in the previous novels. They lost what made me fall in love with them in the first place. I agree with most of the other negative comments made, and for me also, the series will end with Eclipse.
031606792X|2.0|** spoiler alert ** I'm a newbie when it comes to Stephenie Meyer and the Twilight saga. I love, love, LOVED Twilight and had my heart broken in New Moon and then teased to the point of exhaustion with Eclipse. I was expecting Breaking Dawn to be the climax...the ending to the exquisite foreplay that was the other three books. HOWEVER, that did not happen for me. I am still wondering what went wrong. To say that I was left wanting more is an understatement.  The whole book felt rushed and not quite as thorough as its predecessors.  To me, it felt like SM was trying to cram in as much as she could for her swan song and maybe that's what she wanted.  Maybe SM was tired of the whole Twilight thing and was ready to break away from the story of Bella, Edward, and Jacob.  Maybe SM thought this would be an easy break for the fans if she \\"threw them to the dogs\\".  Them being either the fans or the characters the fans grew to love.    I could ramble on this all day, but I have to work.  Let's just say the Twilight saga, for me, is a trilogy and ends with Eclipse.
0061142026|2.0|i finished this book in only 3 hours, and will probably forget it just as quickly as i read it. it was entertaining enough, and was a breeze to read through. the imagery was very vivid and the author has a great talent for descriptive prose that brings much needed color and richness to the story, or what little there is of one.<br /><br />  unfortunately everything else in this book is bland and uninspired. what could have been a fantastically imaginative and interesting storyline turns out to feel like an outline of events, heavily padded with pretty imagery, and nothing more. there is no suspense, no mystery, and no real intrigue in this book. the characters are flat and do not engage in meaningful, believable interactions with each other. there is very little dialogue between even the main characters, and their personalities and motives are far too transparent, and embarrasingly simplistic. other more interesting characters appear out of nowhere and disappear just as quickly. in the end i didn't care what happened to any of them, which is probably a good thing, since the ending was extremely weak. i would call it an anti-climax if there had been any suspense at all and i actually cared about what was going to happen. there wasn't, and i didn't.<br /><br />  i would expect this from a young adult's novel, and think maybe it could succeed as one, minus a few more adult scenes in the book, but as an adult novel, it really didn't do it for me. i didn't expect deep, thought-provoking literature. it was okay as light, mindless entertainment, but i could very well have watched the movie again and found just as much entertainment, if not more, in half the time. the movie, which actually adds a lot more action, humor, and interest to the story, was so much better.
031606792X|2.0|Can I say another sequel/series gone wrong.Don't get me wrong I'm a die hard fan of Stephenie Meyer and the twilights series, but Im very disappointed about the outcome of this book. I bent waiting for almost a year for this book to come out and I could say if even a little hint, I wont have wasted my time thinking about this \\"upcoming\\" book and would have just get it whenever.<br /><br />(alittle hint of spoilers)<br /><br />I do admit that at times it had their amusing points, like her getting preg and the parts where she is so addicted to sex with edward, but i feel that the book was RUSHED. I also didnt like how the book was split into 3 mini book series. I wished she just took some more time with it...<br /><br />At least im am happy enough that I didnt spent so much money on the book and wasted my time in lines trying to get this book(no offense to anyone.)<br /><br />My conclusion,it was an interesting read but not Stephenie Meyer's best. A GREAT DISAPPOINTMENT.<br /><br />(P.S. for all the readers who's saying its just a book, well I (not sure if i can say \\"WE\\") know it is just a book. It's my opinion thats the whole point of REVIEWS. if you dont like it then don't read reviews in the first place.)
B0017MO10U|5.0|In this movie, \\"the band\\" gets back together again. It is as fun and interesting as any Stargate episode, and I really enjoyed it, but I must confess I expected more. This movie is definitely not up to the level of the dozen or so truly outstanding episodes in the show's 10-year history (such as Window of Opportunity). I also wonder what Claudia Black did to the wardrobe department. Her outfits could have only been more unflattering if she was dipped in mud.
031606792X|5.0|I was SHOCKED at the amount of negativity I've seen!  So, I figured I should come defend and hopefully make some sense of all of this.    First off, I LOVED BD.  Loved it the most of all the books!  Probably because I'm married and can related to many of the changes Edward and Bella face TOGETHER.  The first three books are beyond wonderful, but they are about a teenager.  Breaking Dawn is about Bella growing up and living a life based on her choices and sacrifices.    Stephenie Meyer brings an intense realism into her stories that I haven't found in any other author.  She shows the change from \\"new love\\" which is dazzling and intense to a deep and rooted love... where you know your foundation is SOLID and you no longer have to say the words all the time to convince eachother.  Breaking Dawn shows Bella and Edward SHOWING their love in actions rather than in words, which is what marriage is all about.    No, this book is not like the other three.  This book touches on some heavy subjects, things that people don't like to talk about because they are REAL... would you want to be faced with the love of your life DYING to save your child?  Wouldn't you do ANYTHING, even something your morals wouldn't normally allow, just to see them live?    There are so many truely deep subjects and underlying points in this book.  I know it will take a LOT of re-vamping for me, but the more I read the more rooted this book is in my HEART.    So many people are upset about this book because they either had preconcieved ideas going into it, or they don't understand (or can't understand) the real meaning behind it.  To me, this is a BRILLIANT story, full of Love and Family, a story of Unity between everyone that has been at odds through the series... humans, werewolves and vampires.    A perfect end to a perfect love story.  Thank you, Stephenie Meyer, for letting us look in on their world!!
1581806574|4.0|Jessica's book is the only other dragon drawing book I would recommend other than my own:<br /><br />[[ASIN:1569756414 Drawing Dragons: Learn How to Create Fantastic Fire-Breathing Dragons]]<br /><br />Although I do find her artwork very cartoony, some of it is undeniably striking and she obviously is a very talented artist. The instructions are easy to follow and she has a fun and homourous tone to the way she writes. I have purchased pretty much every dragon drawing book out there to see how it compares to mine and this is the only purchase I am actually happy with.<br /><br />If you like this book, you should definitely check out her newest one on Fantasy Characters as well.
031606792X|5.0|I came into reading Breaking Dawn with an open mind. I'd heard some things that had made me wary of what was to come, but this was Stephenie Meyer's fourth and final work in the Twilight series, and I knew she wouldn't let us down.<br />Luckily, I was right. With each chapter, things I'd never expected to happen, did. Twists and turns, and I was on the edge of my sofa cushions innumerable times! Isn't that what Stephenie Meyer has always done though? Made us experience the unexpected, left us breathless, and anxious, and in awe? Well, this book is no different.<br />It isn't the story everyone was expecting, but in my opinion, it is better. I wouldn't have wanted Stephenie Meyer to play it safe, and luckily she didn't. She takes you far beyond the realm of reason, but lest we forget - we are dealing with vampires here. Vampires that she created and we've chosen to allow into our imaginations and lives. The journey the Breaking Dawn will take you on is worth every gasp and laugh and every tear...because I know I'm not the only to have experienced all three of those things, sometimes all in the same sentence.<br />Do yourself a favor, close your mind to what you think 'should' happen, close your mind to what everyone else thinks about this book - even me - and take the journey for yourself. I have no doubt you'll be glad you did.
6305648522|3.0|The undoubted sentimentality of Cinema Paradiso was nicely balanced by the elliptical restraint of the original release; the mundane details of the central tragedy was left unsaid, a teenage love was left unconsummated, (much like the love-stories shown at Cinema Paradiso, thanks to the censoring local priest) deepening Salvatore's loss to the point that it acquired universal application and appeal, and became art.<br /><br />This courage and restraint has sadly been negated by the addition of the new material, or, more accurately, the material originally deleted. The effect is, to my mind, disastrous, reducing a vibrant, lilting film to a soap-opera which leaves little to the imagination. Now, instead of the poignant yearning of the original we have middle-age stalking, sordid fumbling in a parked car and rehashed declarations of undying love. Fom poetry to tellenovella in one easy step. Che peccato!
031606792X|1.0|I cannot believe this garbage got published.  Women are treated worse than ever in this final installment of Twilight.  No longer are women defined by their reliance on male attention and their abilities to cook and clean, but apparently childbearing is now a crucial factor in finding fulfillment in life.  Fanservicing and ridiculous, even by Stephenie Meyer's incredibly low standards.
031606792X|5.0|I felt Breaking Dawn was by far the best of all the books.  The others were fun and great, but this is the true story that was meant to be told with these character--the story of family love and devotion.  It was the story I was waiting for and made all the other flaws in the first three books worth treading through to get to this book.  Bravo!
031606792X|1.0|I was eagerly awaiting this book, along with my teenage daughter. We've loved the first three, as they gave us something to share and talk about (as any parent of a teenage girl will tell you, these things are necessary!) but that Meyer broke her own world's rules to come up with a book that tries to please everyody - WELL! Even fairy tales don't have totally happy endings, Ms Meyer. I can only reiterate how disappointed we are. From now on, this series finishes with Eclipse on our shelves.
031606792X|2.0|Okay, I've been through most of the reviews for Breaking Dawn to find that a lot of people have had the same qualms about the book as I have. Some people have also loved it, but everyone's entitled to their own opinion.  Well, here's mine:    (And as a warning, there's spoilers included.)    In the beginning I had already found myself bemused by the behavior of Bella. I never understood how one character could do a complete three-sixty in a series of novels. Not only does she snap out of her meek phase, but she suddenly has a wild libido.  Okay, she's a teenager with raging hormones, I get it...but out of no where? I just didn't like it.           Next, how can a vampire conceive a child? Stephenie Meyer made it clear that \\"women\\" vampires couldn't have children, we're all fully aware of that, but why doesn't this rule carry over to the men?  If they're dead, what makes it possible for their bodies to still (and excuse the crude, biological references up ahead) create enough sperm to impregnate a living woman? And if they did, wouldn't those little guys be a bit decrepit to swim all that way? The man's dead after all.         But I got over that, somewhat, and went into Jacob's book with about as much enthusiasm as a snail in a salt bed.  I hated Jacob for the longest while, but in this one, I was pleased with him.  He was the only thing I was pleased with actually.  I hated Rosalie for not caring much about Bella, I hated Bella for being a complete idiot as her condition disturbed Edward beyond his wits, and as the baby pummeled her from the inside out.  Jacob was the only one that seemed to have a little bit of sense, until of course, he imprinted on Nessie.         Cute. And somewhat disturbing. And perfect, when you look at it hard enough.  Why should Jacob get left out of the loop, after all? Edward gets Bella.  Jacob gets mini-Bella.  That's a happy ending for you.  I didn't like that.                       (Don't worry, I'm almost done here.)         Lastly,the Volturi.  Why does their added bone in all the fun-loving, happy-happy not surprise me?  I mean, there had to be a pinch in the novel.  Conflicts are necessary.  Truthfully, I would have rather seen Bella die a horrible death than have the Volturi come all the way from Italy for nothing.  The intensity and suspense of a large fight resorts to an anti-climax that leaves you ready to rip out the final pages.         I give it two stars because the first two books were relatively enjoyable.  Once Bella becomes a vampire, without any circumstances whatsoever (everything's all nice and bow-tied in this fantasy world), the book goes downhill rapidly.                  Thank you, Stephenie Meyer for boring me to tears.
B001B71NOI|5.0|I was a little disappointed with Year Zero, but not with The Slip, which I think is their best since, and on par with \\"With Teeth.\\"  Tracks like \\"Discipline\\" return to the pop sensibility of PHM, \\"Lights in the Sky\\" is a moving ballad, \\"Corona Radiata\\" a harrowing Fragile-esque instrumental which segues into another catchy instrumental \\"The Four of Us Are Dying.\\"  Here is my order as of now:    1.  The Downward Spiral  2.  With Teeth  3.  The Fragile  4.  Pretty Hate Machine  5.  The Slip  6.  Broken  7.  Year Zero  8.  Fixed  9.  Ghosts I-IV
031606792X|5.0|This is a wonderfully crafted ending. You can now see the entire mind of Meyers coming together.     Never ending, hardly any catch up...which I loved! Went right into it and never stops. I really hope they make all the books into movies so I can see one.    Realistic people need not read this....this is for imaginative minds only! You will NOT be dissapointed!
B000O178BY|3.0|\\"Year Zero\\" is like NIN\\"s \\"Piscies Iscariot\\".  Its good stuff, but it sounds like B-sides.  The only tracks I really like are the final three-Another Version of the Truth, In This Twilight, and Zero Sum.  Does not rank with other NIN albums, sorry.
031606792X|1.0|Throughout the years, I've heard plenty of negative things about the Twilight series. Having picked up Twilight on it's first day on the shelves, I've had a generous amount of time to see people come and go from the Twilight fanbase. To me, it was a heartbreaking cycle. The Twilight series has been my tiny beacon of hope for a long time. I knew the end to Harry Potter was coming and I needed another series to hold on to. I thought this would do it. Apparently, I was very wrong.     If someone would have told me four years ago that the amazing book I was reading was going to turn into this, I would have had a long list of nasty things to say. Now, I can only regret the four years I've been waiting and beg Barnes & Nobel to give me back all my money.    I cannot -not will not, but cannot- write a long review on how this book made me feel. To be honest, I feel as though I've wasted enough of my time reading it, much less writing a long diatribe on how disappointing it was. I realize that the Twilight fanbase as a whole is very split on how this book really was. On one side, you have the people who abhor it and on the other, you have the people who have many good things to say.    If you're a reader -a God honest reader- who reads for meaning, then stop where you are. Let the Twilight series be a trilogy and always wonder if Bella will ever get what she wants. If you're a teenage girl with a disgustingly cheesy outlook on life, then you'll probably see this as your dream come true. (:    If you haven't already bought it, I beg you to please keep your money in your pocket. Put it towards something good like a charity or buy a new series with hope for a new start. There are so many better places for that cash to go.     Breaking Dawn was the evil stepsister of the Twilight series. I only wish someone would have warned me sooner.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn is the much anticipated final book in Bella's point of view in the Twilight saga.  This book is a fairy tale ending for a normal girl.  She gets the man she couldn't even dream of, he's so perfect, and the family that will stick with each other to the end.  It's not meant to be taken literally, like this could really happen, because it can't.  Don't treat it that way.  This series is a way to get away from the world, to enter Bella's world with Vampires and Werewolves!  It's an amazing ending to the series, and most certainly worth the wait, so long as you don't treat it like reality.  The book is unpredictable, at times unbelievable and amazing.  I really loved Breaking Dawn and, but feel sad that Bella's story is finished.  I can't wait for Stephenie Meyer's next masterpeice!
031606792X|2.0|I came late to the beautiful Twilight party. A couple months ago I pick up the books and couldn't put it down. I reread all three books over and over again. Standing in line Friday night I was so excited. Then after everything was said and done I didn't know what to think. This was not the beloved, extremely passionate books I loved. This was a really bad fanfic written by a 14 year old girl that wanted everyone to live happily ever after.     I wanted Bella to sacrifice something, anything, but instead everything is easy for her. I wanted Jacob to get closure, instead he got a unrealistic cop out that SM specifically said couldn't happen.     I have been bragging about these books for months and my mom wants to start reading them. I know that I will tell people just to stop after Eclipse and let your imagination finish.
031606792X|1.0|This was never going to be \\"the next Harry Potter,\\" and Stephanie Meyer is no J.K. Rowling, but if you could accept the first three for what they were, an intimate, at times very cliche vampire romance, it was pretty excellent.    I loved the first three and could never put them down. I've reread them many times. I will not be rereading this one.     The reason the others were so good was the tension between Edward and m Bella, and the complication of Jacob. That was completely gone here. It's as if they got married and suddenly stopped trying, and then the Jacob story got magically (and creepily) tied up in a neat little bow. Poof. No more tension. It was less sexy, less romantic and far less interesting.    Another positive of the other books was getting to explore this world a little more and expand the characters of the other vampires. In this book all the vamps become  one-dimensional, our Cullens lose their characters and everyone's IQs are cut in half.    Bella, who has never been my favorite character, but whom i've sympathized with becomes simply detestable and definitely helped turned me off the book. In the first book she's a petulant child (which is ok, because it's like the other books...but note the word child. Children should not have other children. yeesh.), in the second book she's a martyr (bleh) and in the third book she is the bestest, prettiest, most powerful vamp there ever was. Hey, who'd have thunk it was so easy?    On top of that she named her child Renesmee. Clearly she did not have the maturity to have a baby if that was the name she came up with. And no one even told her how bad it was. Poor kid. That name, and she's got to get busy with Jacob when she's 7.    Other things that bothered me: the uterus eating, Edward calling Jacob son, the sudden and inexplicable presence of human fluids. I think anyways...those were some smooth blackouts...no, not really.    Worst of all was the ending. I still don't understand the Alice plot twist, butmaybe that's my fault. And two hundred pages of build-up followed by no battle. Can you say let down. Nobody died. Well one person died, but we didn't care about her. And one person was born...which evens it out. A \\"saga\\" must end in death and sacrifice. WTH?    This story has always been about sacrifice...what did Bella sacrifice in this book? Edward? Nope. Jacob? Nope. He still got to be in the fam. Charlie? Nah. Children? Not that either. Sexy time? Apparently not. Wow, even this vampire thing was so easy, they should have just done it frothe begining. Except for the fact that she lost all her connection and sympathy with the reader as soon as she turned.     And the number one reason why the Twilight saga will forever be a trilogy...Jasper cannot be called \\"Jazz.\\" He cannot. Nope. Never. No Jazz hands. No Jazz square. This is not a musical. Though it should be. BD:The Musical, FTW. It'd be better than the real thing. (Still buying Midnight Sun thought...so you know...I could actually read a book with Edward in it. Why was Edward even in this one...sex slave? Ok. Rant over. Maybe.)\    *Mom's Account*
B000WE660M|5.0|Wow! where do I start? looking back at Spears' life from 2004-2007 is almost incredible that this album even exists. I mean... don't get me wrong. I love BRITNEY but I must confess I was a bit worried and it did cross through my mind the horrible thought of never having a new Britney album but it's HERE.<br /><br />Blackout is her best work to date. It's dancey, poppy, R&B-ish and all over the place. We can hear one and a million different beats throughout the album. The only three singles (Gimme More, Piece of Me, Break the Ice) out of Blackout are the STRONGEST songs. However, I think that there's more to Blackout than what Jive Records & Britney think. There are amazing tracks like the 80's based \\"Heaven on Earth\\", The fan-favorite track \\"Toy Soldier\\" and even I dare to say \\"Get Naked\\". The albums is filled with hits and even all those songs that leaked on the internet before the album was even released. Some of those songs would have been great singles. The three bonus tracks \\"Get Back\\", \\"Everybody\\", and \\"Outta this World\\" aren't too shabby. They offer a different beats and somewhat show the experimental phase Britney was going through while recording all these songs.<br /><br />The only thing left now is to wait for Spears' new album to drop. I am 100% sure it will be amazing, as long as she keeps on this blackout track but of course it won't do any damage to experiment a little more
014241039X|3.0|THE TWITS is a funny and enjoyable little yarn which stinks of some gross humor and yet warms the readers with stories of friendship and helping each other as well as a couple of moral lessons in the tradition of Aesop.  On a side note, the \\"crude\\" humor in this little book is fairly tame by today's standards.
031606792X|1.0|I thought this book was a joke. I can honestly say that I have read \\"better\\" fan fiction and I wish I could get my money back. Harsh..yes...Honest...yes!
B000XA5K48|4.0|Saw the commercial for this on Cable on Saturday, Aug. 02, 2008.  I said to myself at the time, \\"Silly - but it might be entertaining.\\"  I was right, this movie is as far-fetched as any movie I've seen in recent history, but I tell you what - I actually liked this movie.  The pacing is fast, furious, fun, and...wild.  Folks, the price is right for a copy of the DVD (which I'm purchasing - tonight!)  Get yourself a copy, don't take it too seriously and you'll have a good time.<br /><br />Oh, yes...my critique on the actors in this movie:<br /><br />1. Clive Owen - Given what he had to work with - he does a good job!<br />2. Paul Giamati - An outstanding (and intelligent) bad guy - he's always thinking - just try to keep up with him...<br />3. Monica Bellucci - She only does a few scenes, but oh, boy!  She's still looking outstanding after all these years.  Hopefully, she'll receive more offers to do American features (America - you have no idea what you are missing!  Yes, I am a Bellucci Fan...)<br /><br />My overall rating for this feature: 4 stars (Yes, I'm biased...but, it's Monica Bellucci!!!)
031606792X|3.0|***This review contains some spoilers - if you don't want any info, skip this*****<br />I am very disappointed in Breaking Dawn.<br />By the time I had read about 1/3 of the book, and it didn't have the sweetness or the magic of the previous Twilight books. That doesn't mean there wasn't love, or closeness. The paradigm changed.<br />Don't get me wrong - the love between Bella and Edward never varies. It is the one constant that does not change. In any form that love will forever exist.<br />But I think Meyer wanted to cram in soooo much activities that it lost the heart of the books.<br />****SPOILERS****<br />The wedding and Bella after wedding is exactly what we wanted - The honeymoon was done tastefully and was somewhat less sensual than some of the kissing scenes in Twilight - I understand this didn't need the graphic action of the honeymoon, but that Edward and Bella loved each other, bruises and all -<br />There are some things that I as a fan didn't like - When Bella needs help, she doesn't turn to the person who is her best Cullen friend, Alice, but another. In fact Alice was in the background a lot.<br />There was so much smashed in the book (750+ pages)the wonder of a miracle between Bella and Edward was dimished a bit. Too much swirling around.<br />The resolution of the vamp/were conflict was good, but...The big showdown between the Volturi and the vamps/weres looked like it was a scene from a western, not the tension filled is there going to be a disaster with our favorites? Will any survive? The description of the power of the shield wasn't explained as vividly as it could have been to show how amazing that act by a 'newborn' was.<br />Also the resolution is great, and Bella proves how amazing she is, it is just lacking the heart and core of the Twilight books.<br />I plan to reread Twilight to recapture that magic.
B0009A40ES|5.0|Great Movie. Not sure if it's out on blue-ray, but i would recommend that over the DVD definitely.    Classic.
B0019IB26I|5.0|The best performance ever by John Mayer .  I liked all the songs on this performance. It was very clear in aidio aspects. The cd was shipped very fast.  Thankyou
031606792X|2.0|I have enjoyed the ride of the Twilight series. I am trying my best to stick with the story, but I have a lot of issues with this series and this final installment. Because I am such a fan, I keep thinking of ways to make the series better - to redeem this \\"Breaking Down\\"!    A couple of things about the series:    I think Stephanie Meyer is very creative and dramatic. I love her own spins on the vampire and werewolves story. And I know that she really wants a happy ending.    That said, I believe that this story should have been told at least over 5 books. Four books is just not enough development for all that Stephanie Meyer has packed into it. This, I think, is one of its downfalls.    Moreover, these books do not have the greatest of writing. I can see improvement in details as the series progresses but its not just how she writes its the way she writes in chops and dragging the reader along in unknown directions. Yes I like twists and turns, but what I mean for her dragging the readers along is that the overall presentation of the book and the plots need to be more circular.    About this final installment:    I, too, thought this book was very bizarre, in the beginning especially. I had to put the book down and then come back to it. After getting past that event, I especially loved all the drama that led up to the Volturi. I understood why Nessie was necessary to the plot. But yes I do also think her name is so unoriginal and just lame.     Sigh, I just wished that Meyers could learn how to write fight scenes. I thought she did pretty okay with Victoria/Edward scene in Eclipse, but all the drama that led up to the Volturi did not suffice the outcome. I wanted more havoc and more loss.    But there are some pretty great scenes and I can't help but to be endeared by Nessie and her gift. I think people need to get over the sex stuff. Its just a part of life. And yes, I did shed a few tears when some were saying goodbyes. Despite all of the character's flaws (Bella's dependency and boringness and Edward's too perfect paternal instincts towards Bella) I still FELT for them. And if thats what Meyer wanted out of this, then she got it. All books have good and bad, and this is no exception.
0446364495|1.0|One reviewer said you either love this book or you hate it. I was one that hated it. The good news is that is a short book and I finished it in an hour. At least I didn't waste days reading it. I found it depressing and disappointing - not romantic at all.
031606792X|2.0|Read the full review at my blog ([...] My opinion is somewhere in the middle--I hated the entire middle section (literally HATED it) and thought the ending was definitely anti-climactic which is kind of sucky to do to fans who have so rabidly supported her, but it definitely had some redeeming parts. Leah (and Jacob) grew on me big time; however, I just continued to decline in my attitude toward Rosalie... she pretty much sucks all-around because she's always selfish (as opposed to the rest of the characters who are only sometimes selfish). I actually thought that some of the Fan Fic that I read before was better than Breaking Dawn... not something I would have thought I would be saying.
B00005N5S5|5.0|This movie is one of the best I've ever seen. I like the main menu; it shows the Terminator skull rotating while the main melody from the Terminator Title(at the beginning of the film) is being played. I like the story and everything about it. Arnold Swharzengger(aka The Terminater) is the star. The special effects is what makes Arnold look good. Michael Biehn plays Kyle Reese(the soldier sent throught time to protect Sarah Conner(Linda Hamilton) from the Terminator(Arnold Shwarzenegger). There's action and drama all throughout the film.  Michael and Linda are the best actors. Most of the words said are done by them because The Terminator doesn't say much. The music by Brad Fiedel is great. Without the music, this film wouldn't be so popular.  This film is widescreen and has subtitles. There's only The Terminator Trailer in the Special Features. You can select between mono and surround sound audio.  I recommend you buy this film. This film is what I call entertainment.
B001437DMA|2.0|There are deffinatelly 2-3 good songs in there...  ...but why do I always get the feeling that I listen to the same stuff for the past 15 years???  K, I am not expecting to get a \\"Flying In A Blue Dream\\" anymore, but...  Please Joe... make fewer and better albums!
0688145078|5.0|We bought this book for my son (2 years) when I was pregnant with our second child, who was born this past May.  While I was pregnant, he wasn't interested in the book and gave a defiant \\"NO!\\" whenever I tried to read it- but once the baby came, it quickly became a favorite.  My son has it memorized and will \\"read\\" it to himself and his baby brother.  The book is simple and easy to understand but also gives some good guidance that toddlers can understand (such as needing to ask Mommy first to pick up the baby!).  It also focuses on him and not the baby (i.e. \\"I'm special in a new way- I'm a big brother now!\\").  This book became an instant favorite when my son recently gave the baby a big hug and whispered, \\"I love you Brady.  I'm your big brother now\\".
B000W00Y0Y|5.0|Queen with Freddie Mercury were meant to be seen live, as is evidenced by this amazing show.  I regret to say that I was really more of a casual fan who enjoyed \\"News of the World\\" and the radio mainstays of \\"The Game\\".  After viewing this show, one really gets the magic that was brought to audiences lucky enough to see them.  I've promptly received their entire remastered CD collection!  The quality of this Blu-Ray is such that it seems like it was filmed yesterday.  The Live Aid footage is a great bonus - their portion was truly, one of, if not THE, greatest live show EVER!
0316067601|5.0|This is a fantastic book -- I enjoyed reading about the training the SEALS go through (up till now I thought it was kind of a secret).  The rest of the book is very action-packed -- I was sitting on the edge of my seat -- couldn't put it down.  True story -- very sad.
B00000IREA|3.0|[[ASIN:B00000IREA Barbarella: Queen of the Galaxy]]A great period piece that is (unintentionally?) funny. A cross between soft core porn and early Star Trek
0316143472|5.0|Hillarious, Wonderful, made me cry with laughter.  I own all of David's books and this one is a great collection essays.  I read this book out louud to all of my co-workers and we all laughed through out the entire book.  If you want to laugh David's books are the best.
B000OPOAM0|5.0|Although I still prefer \\"Judgement Day\\", the first Terminator contains a darker atmosphere that I really like. Filmed in a much lower budget, \\"The Terminator\\" is darker, creepier, and bloodier than the sequel. Schwarzenegger portrays a killing machine from the future who is sent to the present in order to kill the unborn future leader of the human rebellion. Linda Hamilton plays Sarah Connor, the young woman who tries hard to disbelieve that fact that she will, in the future, give birth to the future's only hope against artificial intelligence. Michael Beihn is Kyle, who is sent to stop the Terminator from killing Sarah.<br /><br />This is an awesome film, and while I do love the sequel much more than the original, I love this one for its dark and chilling atmosphere. A-
1416550518|3.0|The House at Riverton is narrated by Grace, now aged 98 and nearing death.  She's looking back on her life as a lady's maid which began when she went into service at the house in Riverton, at the age of 14.  A film is being made about a tragedy that occurred there and that triggers a lot of memories for her as she finally decides to open up about some secrets that she's been keeping.  The book jumps forwards and backwards in time (although I felt that the present day scenes don't add a lot to the story).<br /><br />The opening is highly reminiscent of Rebecca by Daphne du Maurier and the book has the same slightly dated feel.  It starts slowly - in fact the entire story is quite drawn out, until it speeds up at the end.  Despite this, it held my interest, although it never had me gripped.  Although there are a number of secrets that are revealed, it's not really a mystery novel.  The big twist in particular is so well signposted that it's hard to imagine it being a surprise to anyone!<br /><br />\\"The House at Riverton\\" is an interesting and well told story, the literary equivalent of watching a Merchant and Ivory film.  My impression was that it was well researched and that a lot of attention had been given to getting the period details right.
031606792X|5.0|I thought the book was great.  Jacob has always annoyed me and BD doesn't fail to make me annoyed even more with him *sorry Jacob fans*.  I think everyone is going way overboard on the whole beat SM to death about the vampire fluid thing.  C'mon people. The story I feel is understood better by openminded not afraid of kindness or being kind. Who cares if people get what they want in life.  I think deep down we all want that for ourselves as well as others.  I know reading this book has changed my views on things in my own life *obviously not becoming a vampire* but just life *Twilight makes it OK to dream and fantasize*.      Don't let the 1 star cynical people who don't know how to smile at life stop you from reading BD.  It's a great close to Bella and Edwards life.  Opens up so many other stories that could come out of the series.  I can't wait for those. I love Bella's self control and Edward's total confidence and fight for her through everything ... even Rose.  I loved all the new Vampires introductions *there are alot*.  Facinating story ... great ending.  Bella's gift to Edward at the end made it perfect for me.
B0013UN9DQ|5.0|Take one pint of porn movie music, a half cup of Burt Bacharach, four tablespoons of Brian Wilson, a quarter stick of seventies easy listening music. Combine in a pot and heat until the easy listening music has melted, stirring occasionally. Add some electronica, a vocoder, some sifted driving background music, and sprinkle with some Henry Mancini. Pour into a cake pan and chill in the fridge at 40-80 beats per minute for one hour, until it sets. Make some frosting with a half cup of John Barry soundtracks and some French flavored melancholy. Top with some Muzak, if desired.   AIR is a wonderful mix of all of these. This is one of the best CHILL albums ever. This French duo has the intelligence and artistry to take all of these and make them sound new and fresh. It's retro and contemporary. It's computer enhanced and nostalgic old school. Great album without any filler!
031606792X|2.0|Reading the last installment of the Twilight Series came as a huge disappointment. I enjoyed Twilight, New Moon, and Eclipse. I found that they were nicely organized and written well. However, it felt like Breaking Dawn was written by a completely different person. It felt like a rushed and failed attempt to write a conclusion to a series that should have been finished at the third book. As I was reading, I was in complete disbelief and only continued reading because I hoped it would get better. Sadly, it didn't. There were so many plot twists and changes that it was hard to keep track. The characters seemed...OOC in a strange way. All in all, I did not enjoy this book and if I didn't have the first three books as a reference, I would have given it 0-1 stars.
0446402389|4.0|Wonderful story about the horror of the conditions of the Soviet Union under Stalin. As well as a solid mystery story.
B000031XCR|4.0|This was a great gift for my Mother-in-law, who had this album, but left it in her car during a 100+degree day, so she needed a new copy of her favorite singers album.
B000V1Y43W|5.0|This is a must have for your collection. I don't even like this movie that much. I think it's one of Pixar's weaker films. Of course Pixar is always good quality entertainment, so even a weaker film by their standards is better than all that unwatchable CGI nonsense from other companies. We can talk about the cliched storyline of the arrogant city slicker driving into an old, beat up town populated with goofy characters all day. It wouldn't matter. The movie is a total cliche, he learns his lessons about life and not being selfish, he wins the affection of the \\"girl car\\", he inspires the old champion racer to reconnect with the world again, his goofy sidekicks rebuild their town and get back to grooving, whatever... It's not a great story.    The story and characters are second rate but the visual quality of this movie on Blu-Ray will make your jaw drop! I watched Ratatouille on Blu-Ray first and was mightily impressed but I knew Cars would take the cake as a demonstration disc on account of Cars being very colorful. It exceeded my expectations.    Watch the scene when the main character \\"Lighting McQueen\\" gets into that transport truck and they drive out of the stadium and across the freeway of the city at night and then across the highways of the Southwest in the day. \\"Life is a Highway\\" is the musical cue during this scene. The visual scheme is gorgeous, lifelike, 3-Dimensional with an extreme sense of depth perception. It looks like real life even though it's a CGI animated film!    I watched Cars using a PS3 connected via a standard HDMI cable to a 42 inch, 1080p LCD TV by LG. Every person who has seen this kind of quality has been very delighted as the reviews here demonstrate and so will you!  WALL-E is going to look drop dead gorgeous when it comes out. I saw WALL-E at the movie theater, on a massive screen with digital projection. It looked great. It will be eye poppingly awesome on Blu-Ray too. Until then, you've got Cars and Ratatouille. Enjoy!
031606792X|2.0|Rating: 1 1/2 stars    This review contains spoilers. If you haven't read the book, don't read any further.    I've given outstanding reviews to Twilight, New Moon, and Eclipse here on Amazon. Posting a one-and-a-half star review for Breaking Dawn, the final book in the series, doesn't bring a smile to my face.    Here are the major problems, as I see them:    There's no plot. In fact, nothing happens that resembles a plot until page five hundred and forty-four. That's inexcusable.    The writing, until a bit past page 544 is not very good. After that, when the stakes have been raised (or, I should say, any kind of stakes are introduced), the writing improves significantly. It's tight, and the descriptions are strong. It's usually the other way around, with writers rushing to get the end, and getting sloppy. She still uses growl, glower, and glare far too often. I haven't read The Host, so don't know if that annoying habit carries over, but when you're dealing with vampires, werewolves, and humans, you can't use \\"growl\\" as a dialogue tag for each species. Maybe if werewolves growled, vampires hissed, humans seethed, but everybody growls? No. Most annoying is that she uses \\"growl\\" as a dialogue tag when it's already implied in the text that the character is speaking in a not-so-happy-voice.     The first 138 pages read like a Harlequin romance. Bella and Edward get married and go on a honeymoon. Whoopee. Bella has some strange dreams, and those dreams seem like portents, but they're too similar to things we've already seen for them to cause the other thing a story needs, and something most of this story lacks: real, gritty tension. Granted, Edward impregnating Bella is a surprise, but that's not enough to drive a story, even if a vampire-human bond has never resulted in offspring (usually because the vampire would have killed the human in the process due to uncontrollable passion). Bella's handling of becoming pregnant seems odd. I'm not a woman so I can't speak withany kind of authority, but her reaction didn't ring true, especially knowing the dangers, and especially when she realized that only Rosalie -- crazy Rosalie-- would understand and so reaches out to her for help.    The book is divided into three parts, and Meyer really goes on a limb by having the middle part, or Book 2, told entirely from Jacob's perspective. There are Jacob fans, I know, but I don't understand where they're coming from. Jacob, with the exception of how his character was written in Twilight, is the most annoying character in the book, and Bella's inexcusable actions toward him don't help his cause. He's in love with her. He can't have her. Get the clue and move on. They're supposed to be best friends, but I don't see their friendship represented in the actual text to be anywhere near as strong as Meyer tells us it is. To be believed, it needs to be in the text.    There's also the stylistic problem of changing the way the story is told mid-book. The whole series, with the exception of the epilogue at the end of the last book, has been told from Bella's perspective (and I'm of the opinion that the Epilogue did not open the door for her to have done this here). If you're a master stylist, then you might be able to pull something like this off, although it would be unadvisable. Meyer is not a master stylist, and she didn't pull it off. Again - no plot. Jacob whines and moans like the most insufferable petulant teenager, and Bella gives birth to a baby. The birthing of the baby is certainly full of tension, but do we really think for one second that Bella will die, no matter what horrors Meyer throws at her? Of course not. So it's really not very tense and because it's not tense it's gratuitous.    What happened to Edward after Renesmee was born? He was the father of the baby, so why was he constantly taking a back seat to Jacob? I didn't buy what little evidence was provided in the text. As to the name Renesmee, that's in my top 5 as one of the mostridiculous character names in fiction, and I've read some pretty bad fantasy with awful, horrid names.    That Jake imprinted on Renesmee is unbelievable. Seriously? He can't have Bella so he'll imprint on her daughter? Hello, Morality 101, please welcome Jake as a new student.    The message that Breaking Dawn sends to girls everywhere is deplorable. This book doesn't seem to be about making difficult decisions and learning to dig deep inside yourself, find reservoirs of strength and lift yourself to great heights; rather, it seems to be about making inane, ridiculous decisions and never finding out what those decisions really cost. Case in point: Renesmee. If not for Edward's heroism and astonishing cleverness, she would have died giving birth to Renesmee. Stupid, stupid Bella.    Some might argue that Bella saved the day at the end, so doesn't that say something for her? Not really, though I'll give her due credit for bravery. The problem is that Meyer has made a habit of gifting the Cullen family beyond believability, so it's no surprise that Bella develops a supernatural talent so great that it frightens Aro, the leader of the Volturi. Bella didn't save the day, Meyer did.    This Bella is a lucky girl. There's always someone around to catch her when she falls (a guy), she gets to have her cake and eat it too (keeps Jake as a friend, Edward as her husband, and Hey! Edward and Jake get along now too), when turned into a vampire she finds the normal period of longing for human blood and other indecencies don't apply to her, so she gets to see her father and anyone else she wants, for that matter. Is that two supernatural talents? Or are we really to believe that because Bella has thought about it for so long that she was prepared? I don't think life works that way, or, at least, that it *should* work that way.    There's the saying that everybody loves a happy ending. That's true, but this went beyond a happy ending. It's *perfect*, as the very last sentence ofthe book specifically states.    What a disappointing end to what had been a riveting series.    EDIT 9/4/08: As is obvious skimming the reviews and heated discussions on this site, Meyer hasn't lost too many fans. I placed Breaking Dawn up for sale her on Amazon and within minutes of posting it, the book sold. Tonight I put Twilight, New Moon, and Eclipse up for sale - all hardcover editions. New Moon sold quickly with a request for expedited shipping, and Eclipse sold fifteen minutes later. I'm sure that by tomorrow morning, Twilight will have sold as well. I still love Twilight (despite its flaws), and if I *need* it again, I'll buy the Kindle version: it's cheaper, and won't take up shelf space. That's what Breaking Dawn has done: denied Meyer space on my book shelves.
B000TGJ7ZY|4.0|For months people have been complaining about the visual quality of this particular Blu-Ray title. I'm a Blu-Ray enthusiast and I do enjoy this film so I wanted to find out for myself if all the attacks about it's visual quality had merit. Here are my thoughts...<br /><br />I bought the Superbit Collection standard DVD of this movie and compared it to this Blu-Ray version. For me, it's a no-brainer, the Blu-Ray is superior. The Superbit version actually looks more garish and brighter than any version I've seen before, be it on TV or VHS. The overly bright colors give the movie a fantasy feel. Rarely did the night scenes in the castle look dark or disturbing. It was all very garish, color wise.<br /><br />In this Blu-Ray version, Coppola's people, acting on his instructions, toned down the color scheme and made it darker, far more sinister and realistic. I enjoyed the look of the film very much. Those night scenes in the castle are eerie and dangerous in comparison to the overly bright Superbit version. The movie has a more horror like atmosphere to it. In a couple of short scenes, the color is drained and the picture has a nearly black and white look to it. It's strikingly beautiful. On Blu-Ray, instead of the garish haze, the color of Dracula's wardrobe for instance, blood red, leaps off the screen unlike the Superbit DVD.<br /><br />Although most of the scenes don't have the sharpness or detail you've come to expect from Blu-Ray, I still say it's a very good purchase. Obviously this movie is not going to look like the Blu-Rays of Pixar's Cars or Blade Runner or 2001: A Space Odyssey. I didn't expect it to. The audio quality is just fine. Top notch. Some of the most hilarious features on this Blu-Ray are the multi-language tracks. They have Russian, Romanian and several others. I speak Russian and had a blast watching Dracula in Russian! It's goofy watching Keanu Reeves in Russian at first but soon enough you realize this is very high quality dubbing. Not done as some afterthought at all. Very nice.<br /><br />The special features have many documentaries and of course Coppola's commentary. This Blu-Ray certainly warrants a purchase for those who like the film. If you're unsure because of the controversy of the color scheme, I suggest buying the Superbit alongside the Blu-Ray and contrasting them for yourself. Perhaps you'll like the Superbit DVD better. Compare them on your widescreen TV in a dark room at night and I think you'll find the Blu-Ray is a better experience. Yes, there is grain and dirt and the picture is not perfect by any means. It's an older catalog title. If it doesn't get a full on restoration, it's not going to look any better than this.<br /><br />Now, as to the movie itself. I always enjoyed this Coppola treatment of Dracula. The atmosphere and art direction, the costumes, sets, music are all first class. The script, acting and pacing can be a bit stiff. That and Keanu Reeves hamper this movie. It's still about as good as \\"Interview with the Vampire\\" or any of the other big-budget Hollywood vampire spectacles. Don't forget that vampire movies are typically all exploitation and titillation with nothing remotely serious about them. I can point to dozens of examples. How about \\"John Carpenter's Vampires\\" for one? Or the abysmal \\"Blade\\" trilogy for another?<br /><br />The fact that Bram Stoker's Dracula and Interview with a Vampire take things a tad more seriously than 95% percent of vampire flicks counts for something. The ultimate vampire film is yet to be made but Gary Oldman's portrayal of Dracula makes him one interesting bloodsucker!l. Very nice.    The special features have many documentaries and of course Coppola's commentary. This Blu-Ray certainly warrants a purchase for those who like the film. If you're unsure because of the controversy of the color scheme, I suggest buying the Superbit alongside the Blu-Ray and contrasting them for yourself. Perhaps you'll like the Superbit DVD better. Compare them on your widescreen TV in a dark room at night and I think you'll find the Blu-Ray is a better experience. Yes, there is grain and dirt and the picture is not perfect by any means. It's an older catalog title. If it doesn't get a full on restoration, it's not going to look any better than this.    Now, as to the movie itself. I always enjoyed this Coppola treatment of Dracula. The atmosphere and art direction, the costumes, sets, music are all first class. The script, acting and pacing can be a bit stiff. That and Keanu Reeves hamper this movie. It's still about as good as \\"Interview with the Vampire\\" or any of the other big-budget Hollywood vampire spectacles. Don't forget that vampire movies are typically all exploitation and titillation with nothing remotely serious about them. I can point to dozens of examples. How about \\"John Carpenter's Vampires\\" for one? Or the abysmal \\"Blade\\" trilogy for another?     The fact that Bram Stoker's Dracula and Interview with a Vampire take things a tad more seriously than 95% percent of vampire flicks counts for something. The ultimate vampire film is yet to be made but Gary Oldman's portrayal of Dracula makes him one interesting bloodsucker!
B0015DYIH2|3.0|I really have to question the integrity of some of the reviewer here!  Not liking how a book turns out is not reason enough to retun it to the store.  If you read an entire book, you have used it and it is dishonest to return it.  If you try a new brand of soup and don't like it do you retun the opened can of soup to the store?  No, you just chalk it up to experience and don't buy that brand again.  Everyone who reads regularly (not the 2-3 books per year that is common for most adults), finds that they just don't like some books, it is all part of being a reader.  So, what do you do when that happens?  You can post a review, throw the book away or give it to good will.  I am not a writer, bookstore owner or employee.  I am just a mom who values honesty.    As for my review of the book.  I enjoyed it, but found it predictable (not unusual in YA fiction) and that it tied things up a little too neatly.  I was creeped out by Jacob imprinting on Bella's child, but it did provide the only feasable way to get Renesme out alive if things got ugly.  Even though this series is marketed as YA fiction, I will not allow my 12 year old daughter to read it for a few more years, and then only with a serious discussion about what love really is and that certain things like boy's spending the night in your room (no matter how chaste) are not acceptable.
031606792X|2.0|My advice to those of you who have not yet purchased a copy of this book: If you're looking for a little romance, some action, and a \\"happily ever after\\" ending, by all means, buy the book. But for those of you who were hoping to see more character development and a satisfying and logical resolution-don't waster your time. If you loved the first three books, as I did, and have enough self-control to not pick up Breaking Dawn, I highly recommend doing that.Overall, I felt that this book was severely lacking in character development-not to mention that the characters did a complete 180 as well. My biggest problem was this: all the life lessons that existed in the first three novels were completely nullified by the tone of the final book.     **SPOILER**    Especially all the pain that Bella and Jacob went through in their relationship...How is this solved? We'll just have Jake imprint on the new baby and everyone turns into one big happy family! (Not to mention that because of the baby's growing rate, Jacob won't even have to wait long.) In addition to that, the solution to all the mistrust and hatred between vampires and the wolves didn't really exist...they just learned to like each other over a few days.    Also, when Bella was changed into a vampire, she didn't even have to suffer through the normal bloodlust and loss of self-control that most newborns had to go through. Why? Because she was \\"special.\\" I felt that this was a major cop-out.    ***END SPOILER***    Overall, the book was a severe disappointment and sadly, it lessened my respect for the first three novels. Breaking Dawn's message about life was basically that everyone gets a \\"happily ever after,\\" which, as most of us know, definitely isn't the case. I think Meyer's mistake was trying to please everyone, instead of staying true to the characters. The addition of mature content (which was heavily present in this book, unlike the first three) made it unsuitable for the pre-teen/tween audience, and the lack of character development and just plain realism made it less appealing to older readers.
B000UR9QIK|4.0|First off, this is not, I repeat: NOT the extended cut of the film. Why? i don't know. Possibly to steal more money from us later on.    But none the less, it's quality. Great HD picture and fantastic sound.
031606792X|1.0|Everyone who reads this book will see that it is filled with plot holes and contradictions. Also.... this book goes to show that if you're Bella Swan you can have  your cake AND eat it too! Stephenie dropped the ball on this one...
031606792X|2.0|I've been unhappy about this series since Eclipse, but I thought that it could only get better with the last book... Author's tend to go all out with the last of their children. I have never been so wrong. The first chapter was a disaster. Bella was more whiney than ever, stressing a point that had been made a million times, and still not over the whole ' Oh, Edward! Oh, Jacob!' dilemma. I was expecting this. What I was not expecting was that after that point most all of the characters would lose that certain spark that had held me through New Moon and Eclipse. I continued to read, ever the optimist, praying that it would catch my interest again and dazzle me. I struggled through, made it to page 525 'where things FINALLY got interesting' and was much happier. Until I got to the ending, of course, where naught waited but a lack of the bloodlusty action I craved. All in all, I would stick with the first book: Twilight. I'm not even going to bother reading Breaking Dawn a second time.
031606792X|2.0|After stewing over this for a few days, I realize how disappointed I feel by BD.  I really, really wanted to love this book and am so bummed out that I couldn't.  I don't really have anything new to add that hasn't been said before, but I feel like my favorite characters disappeared and were taken over by the aliens from The Host.    The major things that I hoped would happen happened.  However, the way that they unfolded didn't feel sincere to me.  After reading BD, I can kind of understand why the editors encouraged the author to stop with Eclipse; the whole central Renesmee storyline was jarring in itself, and then not fully explored to satisfaction.      However, it's not so much the whole giving-birth-to-a-halfpire and gruesome birth (which was just too much for me to stomach); it's more that the Bella & Edward magic that made me fall in love with the series was but a shadow in Breaking Dawn.     So, I'm just kind of bummed out -- and on my way to becoming a Trilogist.
0743290119|4.0|Here is the story of three young NYC women (think Sex in the City) all with different points of view but all bonded by college friendships.  Adriana, Leigh and Emmy are approaching 30 and feel that they're running out of time to do all they want and still have time left for the proverbial marriage and family.  The girls get together and make a pact among themselves that within a year each will do something that is entirely opposite their own personal lifestyles.  Emmy will shed the \\"embarrassing\\" reputation of only a few loves and fall in and out of relationships without looking back as Adriana has and in turn Adriana will try to adjust her lifestyle to committing to only one man and at the end of the year, it will be determined which girl has truly lived up to the challenge of changing her personal lifestyle.  Leigh has to make good on a life change as well and is in search of admitting to herself that she is not the recipient of the \\"perfect\\" love that everyone has believed she has found in her sportscaster fianc&eacute;, Russell.  The story has its moments of absolute hilarity and also some very serious reality checks that most women experience as they move from their carefree 20's into their more responsible 30's.  It is a book that will entice the reader to keep reading.  I have to agree with some previous reviewers that the ending was somewhat flat, however, on a whole; \\"Chasing Harry Winston\\" is a very relaxing and entertaining way to spend a lazy afternoon.
031606792X|5.0|Stephenie, you did an ABSOLUTELY AMAZING JOB!!!!! You are such a talanted writer and i am so sad to see all these people bashing the book. People need to realize they cant always get their way and you cant make everyone happy. you have a hard enough job living up to the standard of the other 3 amazing books (not to mention the host!) But you went above and beyond with this book mrs. Meyer. I absolutely LOVED Bella and Edwards relationship. there was SO much passion and love and humor. i was waiting for a year for this book to come out and was EXTREMELY pleased with the outcome. I hope the saga continues because i would be extremely sad if i never got to hear from Bella and Edward anymore. But i just wanted to give you a praise since i was sick of reading about everyone whining. You are extremely talented and this book was def the best by far. everything was perfect. :-)     Heather Gritton
B00006GO9Q|5.0|IN A SILENT WAY marks Miles Davis' turn to fusion, with a fully electric lineup backing up Davis' horn, Wayne Shorter's saxophone and Tony Williams' drumming. John McLaughlin plays electric guitar, Herbie Hancock and Chick Corea perform electric piano, Joe Zawinul appears on organ, and Dave Holland makes a transition to electric bass. Yet, one shouldn't expect the wild rambuctiousness and muddy wash of sound that Davis settled on with the infamous 1969 record BITCHES BREW. As the title suggests, here things are very calm indeed.<br /><br />As Davis' new electric explorations were becoming somewhat meandering, producer Ted Macero came up with a novel way of editing the results of the long recording sessions. Each track on the CD has three parts, with an opening tune, another one eventually following, and then a verbatim return to the opening. This ABA structure has been compared to sonata form and works surprisingly well. Macero's production is excellent: all instruments are so clearly delineated and there's plenty of room in the sound.<br /><br />The first track, \\"Shh/Peaceful\\" should, of course, be titled \\"Shh/Peaceful/Shh\\". On \\"Shh\\", subdued bass, piano and drums set things off, and then Davis' horn enters with a sly little melody. Once the second tune comes in, things get busier, but it seems more an organic develop of the first than a whole new jam session, and the dynamic remains fairly low. It is on \\"Peaceful\\" that Shorter and McLaughlin have room to explore their instrument. Eventually, this middle section fades out, and we return straight to the same recording of \\"Shh\\". Now, I get rather irked when ECM fills out some of its discs with an identical repeat of an earlier track (e.g. Arvo Part's ARBOS), since it feels like you're getting less than you paid for. But Macero's repetition here just seems so natural.<br /><br />The following \\"In A Silent Way/It's About that Time\\" is also slow-fast-slow. It opens with delicate guitar over the calmest piano tones, with Davis' horn at its most effortless. If this isn't the ultimate origin of the ECM sound, I don't know what is. The middle section is active, even bouncy, but again at restrained dynamic. The bassline that pops up here is amusingly reminiscent of Sade's 1985 hit \\"Smooth Operator\\". And it's hear that Williams gets to really have the spotlight.<br /><br />The reason I would place IN A SILENT WAY among the very greatest albums is because Davis and company succeed in creating music that is so chillout and low-key and yet so very musically rich. It offers as great rewards for someone looking for some atmosphere music in home entertaining as it does the jazz afficionado listening hard to the instrumentalists' development.effortless. If this isn't the ultimate origin of the ECM sound, I don't know what is. The middle section is active, even bouncy, but again at restrained dynamic. The bassline that pops up here is amusingly reminiscent of Sade's 1985 hit \\"Smooth Operator\\". And it's hear that Williams gets to really have the spotlight.    The reason I would place IN A SILENT WAY among the very greatest albums is because Davis and company succeed in creating music that is so chillout and low-key and yet so very musically rich. It offers as great rewards for someone looking for some atmosphere music in home entertaining as it does the jazz afficionado listening hard to the instrumentalists' development.
0393327345|5.0|The book arrived in perfect condition from Amazon.  The movie was better!  :)
031606792X|5.0|No spoilers.  I hate when people do that!!<br /><br />If you have not had a chance to read the series you really should.  These books are really good.  And they are turning them into movies.  The first one, Twilight, comes to the big screen on 12/12/08.  So if you are like me and want to read the book before the movie you better get cracking :)  .  I'm not a huge vampire or spooky stuff fan and these books are nothing like that.  They are also really easy to read.  They have amazing flow to them.  Stephenie Meyer is an amazing writer.<br /><br />For those of you who have been reading the series, \\"Breaking Dawn\\" is easily one of my favorite books out of all 4.  I put it right under \\"Twilight\\".  I read almost 800 pages in 2 days.  I haven't done that in years.  My 16 yr old daughter will probably finish her copy today.  For her to read a book in 4 days is also a huge feat.  She has totally loved it too.<br /><br />Meyer wraps up every lingering question you may have had from the past 3 books very neatly.  It has a lot of funny parts, some intense parts, and of course a part or two that might make you teary.<br /><br />I know a lot of reviews blast Ms. Meyer for creating the life choices that Bella makes.  It is a free country and not everyone has the same dreams.  If my 16 yr old wanted to be married to an amazing rich man at 18 and her father and I knew that this man loved her unconditionally we would have no problem with that.  If she wants to go to college and never get married and have kids, we will support that too.<br /><br />Good parenting passes on a strong belief system. If a parent doesn't believe in marriage at 18 but does believe in the parenting the child has received then this book should not be a problem. :)
031606792X|1.0|What a waste of my time. This book makes the first 3 in the series look good, and that's really saying something. We got no fight, no sacrifices, and no sex scenes, but we did get a terribly gruesome birth, a werewolf turned pedophile, and enough hissing and clenching to fill a novella. Epic, epic fail.
031606792X|4.0|i love spoilers. i love knowing how something ends. my friends hate me for this but when i get long-awaited books, i check the end to see what happens and then i sit down to read. i get distracted otherwise. i tend to read fast just to find out what happens and i end up glossing over most of the book. and this thing that i do, this almost made me not want to read Breaking Dawn. *spoiler alert*    as soon as the epilogue leaked, i read it. first reaction: WTF? Bella and Edward have a baby? Jacob imprinted on the baby? LOVE SHIELD?!    and when the plot summary went up on wikipedia yesterday, i read it. about this time almost all my desire to read BD went out the window. almost.    so when i finally got a copy over lunch yesterday (sidebar: i'm pissed at all the madness with Breaking Dawn and Twilight lately. wtf people, i've been loving this series for over two years already. i hate that it's such a THING now.) i decided i'll read it fast so i can figure out how the hell Stephenie Meyer ended up with all the ridiculous stuff (vampire baby?!)    looks like this is going to be a long review. *sigh*    the book's not that bad. despite all the weird twists it's still one of the best teen books around. i could roll with the vampire baby. if you follow Stephenie's line of thought: when someone changes into a vampire everything is left as is. so in theory if Edward was not sterile (ergo had okay sperm) when he became immortal, he can father a baby. and since we already know that becoming a vampire makes someone so much more, no surprise he knocked up Bella the first time. and it does make sense that Jacob imprints on Bella's daughter (named Reneesme, how ugly is that name?) - it's kind of a testament to his love for Bella. and although Bella's shield power screams Lily Potter i kind of get it. it's the manifestation of her being a private person.    it just super bugs me that it's too convenient. Jacob can't have Bella but because Jacob's so awesome he has to find somebody.so next best thing? Bella's daughter?! oh wait how can that be, vampires can't have babies. yeah but vampires with human wives can, oh did i forget to mention that? says Ms Meyer. i can't shake the feeling that the plot is full of cop-outs. unexpected turn of events, yes. but not entirely in a good way.    that's my problem i guess, the plot. it's just too weak for a book that's part of a series. and it's the last book. it seems like Stephenie Meyer wasn't building a clean big picture. it's a hodgepodge of things she wanted to happen just tied together. the attention to detail doesn't seem enough. i can't help comparing to Harry Potter and JK Rowling. the plot is tight. in HP every little revelation was foreshadowed somewhere in the earlier books. and every unexplained event is explored later.    i'm going to say this tho - i love Breaking Dawn for finally letting me see the Jacob that Bella loves. he's awesome! he's funny, sweet, kind, generous, strong. almost like Edward in Prince Charming qualities, except funnier and more sarcastic. he's always been that way i guess. it's just more apparent now, when he's handling the whole Bella thing so much better. Leah and Seth were great characters as well. i was pleasantly surprised with that. i laughed a lot during the Jacob chapters (Book 2). i realized this morning that Jacob shouldn't have imprinted on Renesmee/Nessie. i want a Jacob series! without the Cullens, maybe more of the wolves. i can already see it now, that series would be so hilarious!    bottomline, Twilight's still the best book in the series. followed by Eclipse. New Moon and Breaking Dawn are pretty equal right now. i haven't decided on it. maybe BD will win by a margin, only because Jacob was awesome. ;p it's still a series i would recommend in a heartbeat (okay maybe in 2 or 3 heartbeats now). i just wish BD was much better.    oh, and i kinda hate the movie for putting Rob Pattinson in my head while i was reading. i want Tom Sturridge back! ugh. themore i see clips and trailers of the movie the more i think i may be right that Pattinson will suck as Edward. he looks ridiculous, not stunning or scary. i hope i'm wrong.    dammit, one last thing. what's with the anti-climactic Volturi battle? Victoria seemed to be a more scary enemy in Eclipse. huh. maybe it's just me. ;p
031606792X|4.0|Overall I thought the book was good enough to not put down until I finished it and in parts it was great.  Ms. Meyer is a good writer and storyteller. And any book that you can't put down is a book worth reading. Was it predictable? Yes. But so were ALL of the other books in this series. The surprises in this series have always been the journeys taken by these characters, not their ultimate destinations.     With few exceptions, this series ended with a happy ending for every one of its characters. Many reviewers have complained about this, but if it had not ended happily I can guarantee that the reviews would be more negative (and there would be many more of them).    Other thoughts... Being a 38-year old mother, I thought Ms. Meyer did a very good job with the romance/sex parts of this story. I am looking forward to seeing the movie(s) and to having my daughter read these books when she reaches the recommended age of 12. I know she will enjoy them. As I enjoyed them for what they were -- an incredibly fun summer read!    On a related matter, I am just not understanding the constant comparison between the Twilight Series and Harry Potter. While Ms. Meyer deserves to be recognized for her very good work, it is time for everyone (particularly publishers and bookstores looking to make a few bucks) to stop comparing her and her series to the amazing J.K. Rowling. [[ASIN:9705804893 Amanecer (Breaking Dawn) (Twilight Saga)]]
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn is nothing like you would have expected!  It does answer every question fans of the books are dying to know...but how they were answered!?  Who knew?  All those who did not like the book, try again for the second time...it will surprise you that it is a great book afterall!
031606792X|5.0|This has to be penciled in as one of the greatest love stories ever written; the love was flowing everywhere
031606792X|4.0|Ok, so it's not as good as the first book but I'm not sure anyone expected that.  Yes, Bella is dependent on Edward and this focus on him makes her appear ... immaturely infatuated.  But I disagree with some people who say that Stephanie Meyer didn't get any message across.  I believe that Stephanie Meyer's message wasn't a message about \\"being independent,\\" but it was a message about the bonds of family and love and how strong those are.  It was a message about how nobody can do everything by themselves, so you do have to depend on others (i.e. loved ones) for help.  Granted, the 18 years old thing takes away some validity of their strong love (our society has a bias that at 18 we don't know what we want) but Meyer is writing for a younger crowd and for a younger crowd, 18 is just right to feel strong love for someone.   There ARE some very cringe-worthy moments in this book...  1) The pregnancy bit is a little over-the-top  2) Edward's absolute perfection gets nauseating  3) Bella's breathtaking vampiric beauty is slightly ridiculous  4) Bella's life IS unbelievably perfect and the book DOES have an uber-happy ending (but nobody is ever happy with endings...)  5) Overall, any time when the author mentions how utterly perfect something is...(i.e. Bella, Edward, Nessie)  6) Jacob \\"imprinting\\" on a newborn baby...the daughter of his first love.  7) How quickly Bella abandons her \\"old family\\" and what little parts they play...but, then, Bella never seemed all that attached even in the first book.  Despite all these cringe-worthy moments, I think the book is pretty good.  It DOES have a message, one just as important as messages of being independent and your own person.  Meyer's message is the value of family, the idea that familial love is a bond not easily broken, that love is strong, and the acknowledgment that everyone needs a little help in their lives.  It's a satisfying story, and even though a bit twisted and in parts disconcerting (the baby's quick growth primarily) it is a good read.  Of course, some of the explanations are hastily given but these are fantasy books.  In a world full of books that have messages of \\"complete independence\\" it is nice to read a book where it is obvious that Bella's world revolves around her love of Edward, her baby and her new family.
031606792X|5.0|Happy endings are great, and Stephenie Meyer did an excellent job with this one.  I found out about the series and read through the first three about a month and a half ago.  I was really looking forward to the fourth and final book but at the same time was worried about how she would end it.  It turns out I was worried for no reason.  She couldn't have ended it any better, it was perfect.  This was a great end to a great series.  Thank you Stephenie Meyer for ending it happily even if you get some criticism because of it.  People should enjoy happy endings more and there should be more of them.
031606792X|4.0|I do agree that it does seem like little bit of a ploy having Bella get pregnant and Jacob imprinting on the baby and all that was a little weird, but it was a genuinely good story and as such I tried to look at it a little differently.    There are plenty of legends, including the ones actually mentioned in the book that stress the fact that only the male vampires are fertile, and the go around implanting their demon seed in young women, that later tear their way free, they're mother becoming their first kill and meal.  Therefore securing their place as one of the damned, so that part really didn't seem all that far fetched to me, though it did play out a little bit like a bad fanfiction.    Then there's the whole thing with Jacob.  I gave this one a whole lot of thought because it just seemed weird at first.  But then I got to thinking about the whole point of imprinting in the first place.  It's essentially a genetic predisposition to the mate that is your ideal genetic match.  And if you look closely in New Moon, Jacob was pretty content with being friends with Bella (despite the standard teenage boy flirting that comes standard with having any attractive female within eye sight of said male) until after he became a werewolf.  So I started to think that maybe those explosive feelings of romantic love were just because she was the closest thing to being a genetic match that was available?  But when her daughter, an infinitely superior genetic match, came along, that tentative romantic inclination was snuffed out in exchange for what his instinct told him was a much better match.    Now a lot of people are also getting all upset about Bella being a bad role model, and I don't entirely agree.  Granted she does end up getting everything without much effort, and she doesn't seem to be doing much right now, besides being with her family, but think about it.  She's immortal now, she can go to college a hundred times if she wants, she can have as many jobs as she wants.But she only has 6 years or so of raising her daughter, and she only has a limited amount of time left with her father.  It's only logical that other things can go by the wayside for a while.  For her there is always later.    And in a way, her having the baby was as much for all the others as it was for her and Edward.  Rosalie gets to experience motherhood more so than she ever had a chance to before.  Esme and Carlise get a grandchild. Alice and Jasper have a niece and Jacob has a mate that will never grow old and die so he never has to give up the wolf form he loves.    Granted Bella is a little immature, the whole begging for sex thing was a little out there.  But honestly what woman isn't going to feel like that to some extent if her new husband refuses to have sex with her more than once on their honeymoon?  But she's at the same time very mature.  She was going to stand with her family, and fight, willing to die if that was what it took to protect her daughter.  And honestly for all of those who were a little weirded out by how quickly she loved her baby, you try feeling a little life kicking inside of you and not immediately be ready to protect it with everything you have.  From that first little nudge, you are no longer living for yourself, but for them.    I really loved this book, despite its 'bad fanfiction' moments.  And I hope that people read it at least twice before they judge it.
031606792X|4.0|It was a great read and came together in a great way at the end.
B000JLQSW4|5.0|Back in the 70s (the real GOLDEN ERA OF POP/ROCK Music), this album was almost immediately linked with Pink Floyd's \\"Dark Side Of The Moon\\". The reason is simple: Alan Parsons was the recording engineer of such marvelous music work. He also worked with Paul McCartney on \\"Wings Wild Life\\" as he did with Al Stewart on \\"Year Of The Cat\\", as well as in the earliest Ambrosia albums (most of the Ambrosia musicians were also the first members of The Alan Parsons Project).<br /><br />I ROBOT is full of energetic, intelligent and superbly performed Prog Rock.<br />Having the chance of getting a remastered version for less than twelve Bucks (plus the bonus tracks), is a good chance to re-discover how well conceived, marketed (the Hipgnosis cover works were really superb!) and performed, British Rock music used to be during the 70s and early 80s.<br /><br />A Must-Have for any serious Prog-Rock fan for sure!
031606792X|1.0|I wouldn't waste my money on this 4th book. Stop at the 3rd book and consider yourself lucky.   The entire time I read this book I kept thinking I was reading a fanfic of some sort. The entire thing was strange and did not resemble the first three books at all. In the first three I was drawn in, like in a dream. I was taken over by these books and have read then many times over. I went into this 4th book thinking it would be awesome, tie up things and leave me with that loving feeling. Well, it didn't.   I can rememeber reading it and thinking...I can't stand this book. Page after page, waiting for it to pick up, to draw me into the lovely world of Bella and Edward. I dunno, It just never happened.  Anyway, as I said earlier, pass on this book, let it end at book three and you will be alot better off.
B0015RB72W|2.0|Okay, for those who are serious music freaks (as the undersigned) who are constantly surfing on the Web (or in CD stores) looking for something different to fill their ears, some good news:  There a lot of 'new' female singers.<br /><br />Some names: Joss Stone, Amy Winehouse, Regina Spektor, Lily Allen... Even the actual Premier Dame du France, Mme. Carla Bruni, has become an acclaimed \\"new\\" singer.<br />... And there's Duffy too.<br /><br />Honestly speaking, I think that the desperation for finding the new Mega-Superstar of Music in the 21st. Century (considering the lack of real new Megastars in the level of Barbra Streisand, Celine Dion or Whitney Houston, not to mention Diana Ross or Aretha Franklin) makes us believe that any of these nice gals is truly a 'superb singer'... But for my very own, they are just good singers. Period!<br /><br />In the case of Miss Duffy, I foresee that if her production staff is not able to create another 'sticky-to-the-ears' hit as it has happened with \\"Mercy\\", she may become another One-Hit Wonder, and no more than that.<br /><br />Epilogue: if you heard her megahit \\"Mercy\\" and liked it, this CD may be good for you. However, before buying it, consider that the rest of the songs are merely average, or even less than that...
B000EHSVSC|5.0|This is really an excellent historical movie, very well directed. A must have for those interested in World War II.
B00005KB9W|5.0|!975..  I was living in London and saw 2 amazing gigs that year.. Bruce Springsteen.. Yes that gig. The DVD reminds of a very younger Bruce and an even younger me..    I also caught Bob and the mighty Wailers on the second night of a 3 gig series at the Lyceum. It was Thursday if I remember rightly and the support was Third World.. I'm not sure which night this record comes from.    The set was quite short, round about an hour and 20 minutes. It seemed to be over in a flash but remains possibly one of the best gigs I've ever caught.    I had this on vinyl and must upgrade soon.     A truly wonderful performance from reggae's greatest star..
B0013J9KOO|5.0|Deliriously entertaining from start to finish, \\"Hellboy II: The Golden Army\\" is a jolt of summer fun that thrives on the feverish mind of a director letting his imagination hang loose.  Building off the hard earned goodwill from the previous \\"Hellboy,\\" writer-director Guillermo Del Toro digs deeper into a world beset by wicked fairy tale monsters and guarded by benevolent fantasy beasts.  The pivot point of this film is still Ron Perlman.  Behind the pounds of red prosthetics and make-up, he infuses the big red hulk with a warm, wry and working-class sensibility, where Hellboy can demolish the latest supernatural threat but still has mundane troubles at home and cracks open a beer with his buddies to take the edge off.    But unlike the first film, Perlman no longer has to carry the whole thing by himself.  The other strange beings that populate the secret governmental organization known as the Bureau for Paranormal Research and Defense are fleshed out wonderfully, and it's the relationship between this extended family of freaks that gives the film its humor, heart and soul.  Firestarter Liz Sherman (Selma Blair), aquaman Abe Sapien (Doug Jones), newcomer Johan Krauss (Seth McFarlane) and agency director Tom Manning (Jeffrey Tambor) are all tops, but its Jones and McFarlane that make the biggest splash.  Johann Krauss is pure ectoplasmic spirit encased in an old-school diving suit, but that doesn't dampen his strict sense of mission protocol.  McFarlane, best known for his work on \\"Family Guy\\" and \\"American Dad,\\" summons a riotous vocal mix of Stewie Griffin, horn-dog goldfish Klaus and the gleefully perverse Quagmire to come up with a hilarious and bizarre character that could only exist in the comic world dreamed up by \\"Hellboy\\" creator Mike Mignola.  Abe Sapien, on the other hand, is a fish out of water that finds solace in his intellectual pursuits, quietly envious of the love that Hellboy and Liz Sherman share with one another.  He falls for an elfin princess named Nuada (Anna Walton), the twin sister of the evil Nuala (Luke Goss).  Both are the offspring of an aging King who long ago struck up a truce between the world of magical creatures and humanity, a truce that humanity has wantonly broken by expanding their world of industrial excess and materialistic greed into the lush, untouched realms of the children of the earth.      It's Nuada who takes it upon himself to strike back against humanity by seeking to reanimate the Golden Army, an invincible force that was under the control of the King, but was put to rest ages ago.  \\"The Golden Army\\" may a raucous monster mash with plenty of eye-popping make-up and prosthetic effects (the scene in a troll market is one for the time capsule), but the film raises troubling issues about why the magical realm has risen so violently against humanity, an uprising that Hellboy and his comrades must put down.  Throughout the film, things of visceral and primal beauty are sacrificed to avoid all out destruction, something that the defenders of humanity find painful to bear witness and facilitate.  But no matter what they do, likely the eradication of an entire magical world and the natural world by way of greedy human behavior will not stop.  No character emerges unchanged or unscathed.  It may not have the operatic impact of \\"The Dark Knight,\\" but \\"Hellboy II: The Golden Army\\" deserves its place next to it.  They represent some of the finest material comic book movies have to offer.
031606792X|2.0|If this were any old book, just something I'd picked up from the library or the bookstore, if I'd had no idea that this book was connected to the beautiful and enchanting novel that was Twilight, I would have thought it wasn't bad. There are so many reviewers and critics out there who hit the nail on the head when they talk about what happened (and especially what didn't happen) that was so wrong with Breaking Dawn. I agree with almost all of them, but I'm going to give this book an extra star because it didn't stand a chance. You can't give Breaking Dawn a five star review when it proceeds a novel as great as Twilight. I have no affection for either New Moon or Eclipse, and neither do I for this fourth book. It's still worth reading, because characters are an author's creation and that's the only way you'll ever know how their lives go--and because if it wasn't part of this series I probably would have thought it was ok for a book about vampires. This could just be any other book for you, or an unfitting end to a great beginning.
031606792X|5.0|This book was well worth the wait. Anyone who tells you this book didn't have story, action, and drama, obviously didn't read it! lol. Also to say Bella and co. didn't have to fight for their happiness, obviously didn't read the first three books or the first part of this one!! Just because there isn't a fight scene every five seconds doesn't mean there wasn't some sort of turmoil! ha.     Thing is, you should read this book for what it is; an escape and a great story. It's not Steph's job to write a parenting guide, or the bible or some sort of self help book. It's her job to write an entertaining novel which she did. A novel, mind you, that she really kinda layed out how she wanted it to go, some time ago. I think she very much takes to account what her readers want to see, but ultimately it is her story to tell and she cant please everyone! I think people need to understand stories and characters evolve depending upon their situations.  I for one am glad this didn't follow many of those fan fictions out there. haha. I mean some of them were so sappy and bad and weird that they make what Steph did write seem normal!      Point is this is a novel. Enjoy it or don't, but if you don't like it at least be able to politely discuss why without attacking Steph's character, parenting skills, calling her names, etc. That is rude and uncalled for. But if you do like it Please leave a review and give this story the \\"props\\" it deserves!!!
031606792X|3.0|I have very mixed feelings about this book. When i read Twilight i fell in love with the series before if became a huge sensation and i devoured New Moon and Eclipse with the same excitement. I admit, im a hopless romantic and that mostly what drew me to the bella/edward story as well as the conflict, drama, action, and sometimes humor...    *spoilers ahead*    When i read the wedding and the beging of the honeymoon i was thrilled and it was all i thoguht it would be...but then...as my the suspision i had from the first mention of the child from bell's dream grew, i got worried. When my fears were confirmed i kept yelling \\"No!!! She CANT be pregant!!! Its not possible!! It ruins everything!!\\" But, despite my proststs, this is exactly what kind of tradgedy ensued.     The concept of bella, barely an adult herself, having a child is repellant to my mind. my beautiful image of the loving couple that is bella and edward was twisted as my brain kept trying to make them look older to compensate for the child they were now resopnsible for. It ruined the image completely.    Despite this, bella seemed oddly determinted to carry the child, protect the child, and, her love for Renesmee (ugh) came to completely eclipse (no pun intended) any other resolutions meyer tried to make with other characters. Bella/edward didnt seem to matter anymore...just \\"nessie\\". I understand that if a mother has a child that child becomes all important in her life but the fact that BELLA, barely mature bella, made this jump so quickly was unrealistic.    Edward seemed like a supporting character in most of this novel. He didnt have the same sort of passion for bella excpt when they had the occasional \\"alone time\\" He also seemed removed from Renesmee while bella made the uncharacteristic jump into \\"loving mother and wife.\\"    Everything was tied up a little too neatly for me after all the conflict in the pervious books. bella got everything she wanted...does this happen in real life? NO...And, someparts just grossed me out...the \\"birth\\"...EWW. but then again i had trouble dealing with the idea of a child at all so i might be biased...but i think maybe not.    HOWEVER there were parts i loved...the wedding, the first part of the honeymoon (i think i mentioned these) wehen bella flipped out on jacob for called Renesmee \\"Nessie\\"...the \\"Why am I covered in feathers?\\" comment, and the fact that edward finally got a glimpse into bellas mind.    I guess what im trying to say is, this books will probably not live up to your expectations...the best way i could bescribe it is as an \\"alternate ending\\" you know? the kind that producers/editors discarded but where later put into publication or film just for the reader/viewers mild enjoyment. It was an entertaining story, but not what i really wanted, not what all the hype built it up to be...
0143038419|5.0|Loved this book when I purchased it for myself a few months ago, and this purchase was for a friend.
031606792X|4.0|Breaking Dawn was not really what I expected it to be, but it did well anyways.      The only missing piece was an actual resolution.  Something had/has to happen with the Volturi.  When you read about a conflict that should happen, you expect one.  To simply walk away and announce \\"Maybe another time we will kill you and your child\\" was unnerving.  After reading, I really felt like I was missing a couple of chapters.  The ending was incomplete.      Jacob deserved a better story in Breaking Dawn, but it would have made it a reallllly long book.  I thought that he and Leah would find love together without imprinting.      Most people seem to have similar feelings about Charlie.  A police officer who once grounded his daughter and punished her so severely should have been less lame about 'sick Bella,' and known something was up.     I was really OK with Edward and Bella and how they grew up.  I expected the wedding to be bigger, but they progressed nicely throughout the book.       As for Renesmee?  I'm not going to beat myself up over a name.
031606792X|2.0|I think it is certainly worth buying if you already own the other three books. Might as well finish the series. If you can get away with just borrowing the book, you'd probably feel a little better after reading it, knowing that you saved money.<br /><br />As a previously serious Twilight series fan, I felt terrible for disliking this book, terrible for criticizing Meyer, but I couldn't like the book no matter how much I try.<br /><br />Girls might have been able to relate with Bella Swan in earlier books...but with Breaking Dawn, I can't imagine anybody who can relate to her. Bella Swan desperately needed a change in her character development and she didn't get it. Rather than a role model, she just magically turns into a perfect girl, which is rather frustrating. Fairy tales are supposed to be full of magic, good coincidences, and lovely endings. However, Breaking Dawn just seems to work out all too perfectly. Problems are solved by a simple coincidence or by simple perfection.<br /><br />Despite the book's monstrous length, Meyer ends her series with a very anticlimactic ending. What could have been a big bang was more like a tiny pop. I can't help but think perhaps Meyer was too rushed to finish the series or perhaps she wanted to end things a little too cleanly & conveniently without having to think too hard about it. There are loopholes and gaps everywhere you turn.<br /><br />On a final note: you will either be very satisfied with Breaking Dawn, or you will despise it. Ultimately, I think it is worth reading to know how the series ends, but that doesn't mean you'll be left with a better ending than the one in your head. And when fans are left thinking of better endings than the one the author provided...that just isn't a good thing.ic love story between Edward, Bella, and Jacob. Solution? Edward and Bella have a baby together, Jacob imprints on that baby, and they get to be one big happy family.     Girls might have been able to relate with Bella Swan in earlier books...but with Breaking Dawn, I can't imagine anybody who can relate to her. If you ask any girl who reads the Twilight series about Bella, there is a 90% chance that the girl will say \\"Oh, I LOVE Twilight, but I think Bella is actually kind of annoying. I read the series for [insert other person here, such as Edward, or Jacob, or the Cullens]. Who knew it was possible to love a series but hate the main character? I think Bella Swan needs a change in character development. Besides, who can relate to Bella Swan now, now that she has had every single desire (plus more) fulfilled so perfectly without any loss?    Also, you may hear from other Twilight fans that the final scene with the Volturi was extremely disappointing. Even though I wasn't too fond of the overall story, I was looking forward to the fight. Meyer even described the vampires who came to witness for the Cullens enough for us to understand their skills and personalities. I grew to like these vampires. All for what? The Volturi turning back and running away? Wow. Perhaps she should have just cut out all the pages about the extra vampires. They weren't really needed anyway.    On a final note: you will either be very satisfied with Breaking Dawn, or you will despise it. Ultimately, I think it is worth reading to know how the series ends, but that doesn't mean you'll be left with a better ending than the one in your head. And when fans are left thinking of better endings than the one the author provided...that just isn't a good thing.
031606792X|5.0|I probably would have given the book 4 stars, had I not felt a responsibility to balance all of the negativity out there. I enjoyed the book, and taking it for what it was meant to be, was ultimately satisfied. Just relax and enjoy it. If you wanted specific things to happen, or not to happen, write your own book. If you allow yourself into the story, the ups and downs are remarkable and emotional.
031606792X|1.0|There is not much more to be said for this book that hasn't already been choked out by other enraged fans. Meyer completely undermines the entire world she has built up and the whole concept of sacrifice for love with Breaking Dawn. The choppy plot, blatant plot holes, lack of characterisation, breaking of rules she herself has set and the obviously intense desire to wrap everything up as a perfect little story has utterly ruined this entire series for me. Bella gets to keep her family, has a baby, has Edward, immortality, has no trouble at all with being a new born and in fact is a perfect vampire, filthy rich, gorgeous, no fight with the Volturi, no physical love for Jacob (instead that's wrapped up with the neat little bow of Resnesmee!)...I'm out of words to explain how bad this book is.
031606792X|1.0|I can't even express how disappointed I am with this book. If you haven't read it yet DON'T! End the series with Eclipse and save yourself the heart ache.
0385338724|5.0|I absolutely loved this book. I picked it up because I love Sophie Kinsella's work and I could not put it down. I'm a psychology major and of course I'm interested in memory loss, so when she loses her memory I found it impossible to put the book down. I lent this book to my best friend who's more a fan of romance novels, and she handed it back to me the next day and said she had stayed in her room all day reading because it was so interesting. I definitely recommend this book to anyone.
031606792X|5.0|Really enjoyed this wonderful ending and re-visiting these characters again.   My expectations were very simplistic compared to the story given. I was constantly surprised at the direction taken and really loved it.
B000053VBL|2.0|Which \\"Hitchcock\\" inspired this? Some of Alfred's camera work, perhaps, the sort that has become a cliche in serial killer flicks. This script, however, has far less subtlety than \\"Seven\\" and few surprises. Moreau is always appealing in some way, but she is so businesslike in this role that the apparent fascination that her victims show for her is not credible even as comic parody of predatory men. Two of the revenge killings had promising storylines.  One of these worked well. In the second she was an artist's model in a character that parodied the men, but the parody wasn't highlighted, the episode missed opportunities for added interest and thus seemed too long for nothing. Same for the film.
B0019HQIGS|5.0|I've been lucky enough to see Mayer in concert.  Add to that a couple appearances on Austin City Limits and two at Eric Clapton's Crossroads Festivals.  For a little variety, throw in an appearance with Brad Paisley on CMT's Crossroads.      Mayer never disappoints and never ceases to surprise.  It would be easy to dismiss him as a purveyor of commercial accoustic romantic ballads if the only only material one ever heard were from Room for Squares.  In fairness a couple of those tracks were overplayed to the point of causing an allergic reaction.      Taking in his live appearances and the various concert shows one soon realizes that Mayer is a virtuoso.  The only personal analogy that I can make is Winton Marsalis.  The complete command of technical capability is eclipsed only by an instinctive 'feel' that transcends the notes on a page.      Mayer was wonderful with Double Trouble.  His Austin City Limits cover of Empty Arms was a worthy tribute to Steve Ray.  His performance with Buddy Guy was probably the surest sign I have ever seen that race no longer has a place in sports, politics or even music.  Was that really a kid from Connecticut outdueling the legendary bluesman?    Where The Light Is delivers.  Production quality is good, the play list is expansive and extends well beyond the customary radio roster.    The cover of Tom Petty's Free Fallin' made the DVD for me.  It's a simple three chord song.  I was just stunned that Mayer could develop a different and interesting arrangement, play it so perfecftly and exhibit such enthusiasm doing it.      Don't wait.  Idolize this guy now.  Most of the artistic geniuses labor in relative anonymity until way past their prime.  This guy is the read deal and this DVD shows him in his element.      As evidence of my objectivity, I have to remark that the vocal on Belief is a little flat.  It's one of my favorite songs and the version on the most recent Crossroads disk is much better.  It's a little like a bad hair day for Heather Locklear.  Hard to imagine throwing her out for a momentary lapse!    Enjoy
0385340567|2.0|I found the antagonist rather bland and this book not nearly as exciting as his previous novels. I am also getting put off with Mr. Child instilling his obvious far left political views onto an otherwise strong character. First his \\"oh the poor illegal alien\\" shtik in \\"Echo Burning\\", now it's the 'religious fanatics' and going AWOL is fine because Iraq is an unjust war crap. I'll wait for a few reviews before picking up his next Jack Reacher novel just to be sure he doesn't turn poor Jack into a far left pansy...
031606792X|5.0|This was a GREAT STORY! give is a rest people! IT IS FICTION!! no hidden messages. The ONLY thing I would ask...as a mother myself...Where was Renee in all this? If it was my daughter I would have been there no matter what! Beside that one question I loved the story and got my closure. Great read!
B000F5GJO6|3.0|i felt the movie was good and it continued the story well but it had a lot of gore in it and im not a fan of that
0739367676|5.0|I really enjoyed this book - and was surprised from the beginning right to the end. I felt the pain through the pages as Bella experienced them.      In response to the 1 star reviews with anti child expressions - I had a child at 18.  I never babysat and never wanted to be a parent - so my husband and I were not excited when the first signs of pregnancy hit.  However, I too felt this love grow for this strange little thing inside me - and it was tied to the great love I felt for my husband and father of this child.  The first kick was when I knew there was life - it was amazing.  I get it.      Bella chose Rose as an ally because she knew Rose would be more concerned for the child, everyone else would have taken action to protect her first.  Bella is smart - and intuitive - she knew exactly what she needed to do to save her child and if Rose was cold and non-caring towards her - then perfect.  I loved how caring Edward was to Bella - and through it all, that he would sacrifice everything to save her.  His pleading and planning with Jacob was painful to go through - and I had less respect for Jacob that he could keep his less than noble feelings and thoughts for Bella even in these circumstances.       Bella went to deaths door for this child - and I was impressed at the brilliance of Edward for being prepared with the venom to her heart to bring her into the only life that would preserve her.  Carlisle expressed my feelings well in his pride for his son.    Bella wasn't typical for a newborn - but she was never typical as a human.  She matured in this book - and going through the extreme pregnancy experience would do this.  It was also interesting to me that the strong connection she had to Jacob - left her once the child was born.   It was as if the bond was only there for this purpose.  However, her love for Edward was strengthened with the change - and that strong desire for him did not leave her when she left her human - it was even better.  Maybe this was another gift - her love for Edward stronger than her lust for blood.   I found it beautiful.    Aro needed exactly the gift that Bella had - to put his opponents on a level playing field.  He was the bully and surrounded himself with cruel vampire people.  He sought powerful evil gifts for his court - Carlisle attracted good.       Moreover, even though I did not like the name Renesmee - I loved the child.  Edward and Bella were never typical in any way - and it is fitting that they should be blessed with this extreme gift of this child.   Nothing I imagined would have been better than what was written.
031606792X|4.0|...and read this book with zero expectations. *NO SPOILERS BELOW*    I think you will either love or hate this book (or I suppose, like it enough to not hate it). From the dozen reviews I've read so far here, the people who hated this had a lot of expectations of what SHOULD have happened, they wanted to see the story go a certain way or that the story is Stephenie's message to readers or young girls everywhere. Honestly, I think Stephenie just wrote this story as she intended, it went where her characters demanded it go. Not every writer has a message in mind, they're just telling a story as it comes. Anyway, when everything has been said and done, I think the final chapter of Bella's story was a page-turner and absorbing read, and that counts for something.
031606792X|5.0|I personally loved the book. I couldn't put it down, the same as the first three. There were parts that I was quite shocked, saddened, maddened and also very happy, a books main purpose is to make one feel alive, be it in another world, and some how these books were written in just the right way to let all that emotion through, leaving enough room for ones own imagination to shape it in their own eyes. I recommend it to anyone who likes a good story but isn't afraid to have an open mind or a little bit of imagination. That being said...     Everyone is freaking out about how none of the  things that happened are realistic, but hello its a fiction book, it does not have to be realistic, its a imaginary world, and thats the point of imagination, anything can happen. When one reads fantasy or science fiction or even just normal fiction you have to have a certain sense of suspended disbelief. How could you not see it coming? A human falls in love with a vampire and vise versa, that is a sure sign that things may not be a very normal. People are taking this way too hard, and many obviously had already drawn their own conclusions way before the book ever came out on what they thought should happen. But guess what? None of you wrote the book. So it was a different pace than the first three, Big deal! Why write 4 books all exactly alike just because they are part of a series? I like to feel that things are a little new, a little different. Bella grew up in her own sense and so did SM's writing. Things do change, that was part of the whole book! So Bella was different after she became a Vampire, who didn't see that coming? Yeah sure I would have loved more Edward and Bella romance, but at the same time, that was something we all understood, We all know how much they love each other, no need to throw it in our faces for 700 pages, there were other story lines that need fleshing out and finishing off. And honestly, Why is everyone so upset about the name Renesmee? It's weird,it's different and a little hard to take in at first, but that's what makes it a good name because it perfectly describes her, she is both human and vampire, and it is a cross between Bella's Vampire mother (Esme) and her human mother (Renee). And she is hard to take in at first, be it when she was killing Bella before she was born(I'm sure no one was too fond of her at that point)or like when she was being introduced to the witnesses. But once one takes the time to understand that shes something completely different but not necessarily some evil spawn, than she kinda grows on you, for after all, she is the out come of Edward and Bella's love for each other, it would be hard to think of her as anything other than a very lovable child. Just like when she won the witnesses on her side. So in the end the name fits and people need to deal with it. You want her to have some normal name like Jessica? That would be much stranger.     But in the end people need to stop analyzing it so much and just say okay, in Bella's world all of this exists, it is plausible. That is the point of fiction, to see a life or story or world that isn't ours but for that short time that we read the novel we are part of it and get to believe that it is real. Maybe you would have written it differently but you didn't write it. A writer has a certain bit of freedom to do what ever the hell they want. For a wiser take on it I think Ray Bradbury Said it correctly at the end of his book Fahrenheit 451 \\"The Real world is the playing ground for each and every group, to make or unmake laws. But the tip of the nose of my book or stories or poems is where their rights end and my territorial imperatives begin, run and rule. If Mormons don't like my plays, let them write there own. If the Irish hate my Dublin stories, let them rent typewriters. If teachers and grammar school editors find my jawbreaker sentences shatter their mushmilk teeth, let them eat stale cake dunked in weak tea of their own ungodly manufacture. For Lets Face it, digression is the soul of wit. Take philosophic asides away from Dante, Milton or Hamlet's father's ghost and what stays is dry bones.\\" He sums it up as \\"In sum, do not insult me with the beheadings, finger-choppings or the lung-deflations you plan for my works. I need my head to shake or nod, my hand to wave or make into a fist, my lungs to shout or whisper with. I will not go gently onto a shelf, degutted, to become a non-book.\\"          SM had a story she wanted to tell, and lets not forget that it is Young Adult reading so yes it is a easy read, It also allows you to easily lose your self in the story too. But it is her story and if people would get over themselves they might enjoy the story she was trying to tell.     Good job Stephenie. I would never be able to write a book, let alone 4. Everyone forgets that she's relatively new to this game. While there may have been a few ruff edges, in the end it was a wonderful story and I was happy to go along for the ride.    (I know that was really long! Sorry my thoughts took control of my hands!)
B00102FELM|1.0|I don't understand why the editors needed to cut the best songs from the show. I also don't understand why the felt the need to change the camera angle EVERY FIVE SECONDS. This makes for a decent cd, watching the video is hazardous to your brain. AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL.
B000VLE3GA|1.0|How many times does Led Zeppelin need to be remastered?  Zeppelin has long been a high-water mark for audio mastering... screwing with it to make it \\"louder\\" is sacrilege.  It's called \\"dynamic range,\\" people.  That \\"fatter sound\\" that you love to hear from today's radio crap is compression killing sonic clarity.  There's no way around the trade off between dynamic range and compression.    But the worst part about this CD, despite all the great tracks it includes, is all the great tracks that it's missing.  I could do without \\"Communication Breakdown\\" (a great song, but one that has been superseded by other better songs), \\"Babe I'm Gonna Leave You,\\" \\"Since I've Been Loving You,\\" \\"Stairway to Heaven\\" (as if we haven't heard it enough already), \\"No Quarter\\" (a song I've always hated), \\"Trampled Under Foot,\\" and \\"Achilles Last Stand.\\"  I know some of these are inexplicably popular enough to throw on a greatest hits CD, but they're not my first choices.    If I had to choose 24 Zeppelin tracks, here's what I would pick:    \\"Good Times Bad Times\\"  \\"You Shook Me\\"  \\"Dazed and Confused\\"  \\"How Many More Times\\"  \\"Whole Lotta Love\\"  \\"What Is and What Should Never Be\\"  \\"The Lemon Song\\"  \\"Ramble On\\"  \\"Bring It On Home\\"  \\"Immigrant Song\\"  \\"Black Dog\\"  \\"Four Sticks\\"  \\"When the Levee Breaks\\"  \\"Over the Hills and Far Away\\"  \\"Dancing Days\\"  \\"The Ocean\\"  \\"In My Time of Dying\\"  \\"Kashmir\\"  \\"Nobody's Fault But Mine\\"  \\"We're Gonna Groove\\"  \\"I Can't Quit You Baby\\" (Coda)  \\"Traveling Riverside Blues\\"  \\"White Summer - Black Mountain Side\\"  \\"Hey Hey What Can I Do\\"    I would have listened to that all the way through instead of skipping half the tracks the first time around like I did with \\"Mothership.\\"  My list is surely different than some people's taste in Zeppelin, but the fact is that several of the songs included are great, but have been ruined by overexposure.  For instance, after \\"Rock and Roll\\" became mentally attached to a car commercial in my head, I lost all desire to listen to itagain (which is a shame because it's a good song).    I know people are going to hate me for putting down this CD and some of their favorite songs, but these just aren't all the best Zeppelin songs in my opinion, and I think it's a mistake for Jimmy Page to keep screwing with his material over and over again, the way George Lucas ruined the Star Wars films.  You want Zeppelin louder?  Turn the volume up!  There's a reason why the \\"punchier\\" music of today sounds so much more duller than music from the 60's and 70's.    Plus, I already own all of these songs.
0316067601|5.0|Absolutely wonderful read. Should  be required reading for every citizen. Our young people are amazing!
031606792X|5.0|I loved this book. Bella grows and matures from an adolescent to an intelligent young woman. I saw in her a similar story in myself - her terrified anxiety of getting married (she is so young!) - then the \\"rightness\\" of it. I felt the same way getting married at a young age. Her world revolving only around Edward - that is how it feels when you are young and madly in love. Other readers may of found Bella's pregnancy creepy but I was so happy she had a child before committing herself to immortality. The love she still feels for Edward - and the amazing love for her child - is so authentic.     As far as Jacob imprinting on a baby - well I expected it. We were all given a heads up earlier in the book. And Jake's love for the baby was no way romantic - just bonded. I think it helped I didn't go into reading this book with set expectations. I'm not an \\"obsessed Twilight fan\\" - and I had a lot of space between reading the last Twilight book and this one. Meyer continues to impress me - standing out in a sea of mediocre paranormal romances with one that is brilliantly written, alive with emotion, and thoroughly authentic. I was sad to see so many negative reviews, but suppose it is inevitable with such a popular series.
B000KC5350|3.0|Not clear as to what models it fits vs won't fit but it did fit my NUVI 680
031606792X|2.0|I was anxiously awaiting the 4th book in this saga and was very disappointed.  Not only does Bella show a huge lack of immaturity (wanting to stay human for sex and not willing to take care of her health), it just seems every character is all about gratification instead of what they really think is right.  I don't think I'll recommend these to my girls when they get old enough.  Stick to the first three books and leave this one out.  A disappointment!
031606792X|1.0|The first three books of the series were enjoyable for what they were--I did not pick up the books expecting a deep, thought provoking take on the typical vampire tale. They are marketed towards teenaged girls, written on that level, and thus should be judged on that same level. For that genre and level, they were an amusing story.    I'm a completionist, however, so I felt compelled to know the end of the series. Were that not the case, I likely would have put down the book and walked away in exhasperation fairly early into it.    I expected a happy ending. It is a fairy tale for teenaged girls, the happy ending is part and parcel to that genre. What I did not expect was a plot so thin on content that it went past cliche and into utter ridiculousness.    Unexpected, impossible mixed-species accelerated teenaged pregnancy of unknown creature. Truly? A cross between the spoof episodes of X-Files and Passions, but presented in a way that took itself entirely seriously despite itself.     Soap Opera Rapid Aging Syndrome extended to propel the storyline, as it did right past the pregnancy, past all of those pesky in-between stages from infant to walking and talking secondary character.     Bella was already somewhat thin on personality and backbone, and was defined by her dependancy on Edward and Jacob. It was enough that critics of the series were already screaming Mary Sue at her, pointing out that she met the criteria of being a character with \\"a major role in the plot . . .  particularly characterized by overly idealized and clichd mannerisms, lacking noteworthy flaws, and primarily functioning as wish-fulfillment fantasies.\\"     However, I would posit that Bella was replaced by Nessie within the series as the ultimate Mary Sue of Twilight just by her mere existance and for the fact that no one, obviously, could fail to love her.    No, I did not go into this series looking for a powerful positive message for teenaged girls as many of the others seem to have. I didn't go into it expecting completely original story ideas. I did, however, open Breaking Dawn expecting expecting some sort of coherent story drawing the series to a close in a way that satisfied the need for a happy ending, while keeping in line with the backstory provided in the previous three installments.    Instead I recieved a book that did nothing but draw from the most cliched, most ridiculous possibilities available at every turn, jammed them together in such a manner as to leave the reader bewildered and dissapointed, and created an ending that managed to undermine all enjoyment from the previous books.
B000QUCNOK|4.0|Despite being jaded by the thousands of scenes of violence that you have seen in films up to now, nothing can prepare your for the heartbreaking opening scene of this poor fellow (the movie's antihero) being born and abandoned on a filthy Paris street in a pile of fish remains.    From this moment on you are aware that this human being's life will be different from the average person's. After years of suffering abuse in a harsh orphanage and being forced into slave labour as a young adult, the question of whether criminals are born or nurtured begs to be asked.    While the film reveals early on that this boy is \\"gifted\\" with a superior sense of smell, leading to olfactory obsession, it is wrong to assume that this automatically leads to criminal (murderous) proclivities. The film is thankfully vague about this.     In this way the film, like all true art, does not beat you over the head with easy answers, nor does it pontificate an agenda, rather it lets you witness events as the proverbial fly on the wall, and encourages you to ponder whether criminals are born or nurtured by and EXTREMELY harsh and unforgiving society.    Despite his crimes, I felt that given his past, I am more empathetic to criminals and may be less prone to judge.  For me, good films challenge my world-view, great films challenge my morals.  This one does both.    Although this is not a \\"popcorn\\" film, or something that you would automatically sit down to watch with your family, it is powerful and provocative nontheless.  Despite its bizaare perfume-fetish-theme, it is socially relevant.  It is unfair to say the film is poor because it makes you feel depressed or horrified.  Not all films are meant to serve that purpose. Some films are meant to entertain, amuse or alternatively to challenge and provoke.    Although it is possible that some scenes could have been shortened, I never found myself bored but rather felt myself mesmerized by the powerful images.
031606792X|5.0|**WARNING!! SPOILERS BELOW!!**    I loved the book and the whole series. I admit that I am not a Jacob fan, but Breaking Dawn has made me like him more. There were several sections where I was taken by surprise. One of them was that SM split the book into 3 books. I thought that was a nice change. We also got to see Jacob's point of view and how he felt about the situation. Then, it went back to Bella's point of view and we got to see the Vampire Bella. I thought that was pretty cool. SM described the sounds, smells, and sights and she did a wonderful job of it.    I also liked how SM had Jacob imprint on Renesmee. That was probably the most surprising thing in the book besides Bella getting pregnant. I had a feeling that the Volturi were going to be involved in the book, so it wasn't AS surprising.    There have been many comments about the name Renesmee. I agree that it is a little long, but I still liked it. It was cute, it made sense, and it was very original.     I have seen multiple comments about how people thought:  1. They were on drugs when reading Breaking Dawn  2. SM was on drugs when writing Breaking Dawn  3. They got a fake book  4. It was a disappointment  5. Breaking Dawn was a joke  6. It was a waste of their time  7. It was a waste of their money    My thoughts to these assuptions:  1. I don't know if you are on drugs or not, but the Breaking Dawn you got was most likely the real thing  2. No. SM was not on drugs. She puts in a real effort to write these books  3. Read #1  4. That is your opinion  5. No. It was not a joke. It was a wonderful book that was well written  6. If you think it was a waste of your time, then don't waste any more time telling others that you wasted your time  7. Why did you buy it if it was a waste of your money?    Sorry if this a long post, but I had alot of things on my mind  So, overall, I think you should buy the book. I thought it was great. There were many surprises. If you're not sure, then go to a local bookstore and read a couple pages. If you like it, then buy it. If you don't leave the book alone a get on with your life.
031606792X|1.0|I'm just going to add my one star in the hopes that one day Stephenie Meyer will realize what a huge mess she's made.    Younger readers are more likely to be up in arms over the negative reviews because they're satisfied with the conclusion. Thank God, happy ending, right? Bella gets Edward and a perfect life, so what's the problem?    How about throwing all logic from the previous books out the window? How about the bizarre idea that getting pregnant will make you want the child, regardless of how you felt about having children previously?     Part of the problem is that despite its nice clean pages free of graphic sexual description, Breaking Dawn is not really a book for tweens.     Stephenie Meyer was quoted as saying that she was writing the series for herself, not for her fans. That should tell you something right there. She's in her 30s, married, and has several children. Of course it's a perfect series for her. She's gone through normal, everyday experiences like dealing with newborns, having arguments with her not-perfect husband, and dealing with her own personal self-image.     What woman in the middle of a marriage wouldn't want a man who is endlessly devoted to her, with eight-pack abs and a model's face? Gosh, and how about that bottomless sex drive Bella suddenly discovers? And let's see, for good measure, let's throw in something about children. A baby, of course! One that everyone instantly falls in love with; who grows to the perfect size almost immediately; who can easily communicate what she wants at a touch (wouldn't want the confusion and embarrassment that comes with a baby screaming hysterically, now would we?); who sleeps all night (something new parents can only fantasize about) and who wasn't really wanted at first, but gee, now that she's here, she's just so darn perfect, who could possibly give her up?     It's a fantasy in Stephenie Meyer's little mental world and it should have stayed there.
031606792X|2.0|Less than 100 pages in, I started wondering how the series I've enjoyed immensely for three books could go so wrong. \\"Breaking Dawn\\" is so clichd and hackneyed it doesn't seem to belong to the same series. The wedding/pregnancy reads like a stereotypical plot device from a B-movie. The Bella we've grown to know and love is unidentifiable, and the intense emotional bonds between the characters that made the first three books so great are hardly developed and acknowledged at all. The book relies too much on weak plot points (don't hold your breath waiting for an epic battle - there isn't anything here that qualifies) and not enough on further character development.   The book also seems to be pushing an unsubtle agenda - teenage girls don't need an education, they just need a man and to have babies. This seems very different from the Bella of the first three books, who was in love but wasn't remotely interested in motherhood. Although her transformation would make it impossible for her to see them, I find it a little hard to believe she would drop her human friends without as much as a second thought. She doesn't even wonder what they are doing.  Without any ties to the human world, this book is all supernatural all the time. I, for one, missed the balance between the two worlds the earlier books created. Without that, this book is ungrounded and too free to follow wacky plot twists that make no sense. The author would have been better off making the wedding sequence the epilogue to \\"Eclipse\\" and letting readers imagine what Bella would be like as a vampire than publishing this mediocre rubbish.
B00008RH3L|5.0|I thought I might go all weepy at the beauty of this film. Albert Finney,<br />as Leo is a glorious stand-out--somehow I knew he would have on spats-- and his \\"come out blazing\\" scene is glorious. John Turturro is right on as a sniveling weasel, but Gabriel Byrne as Tom is a dream.  All the way through the movie, I was wondering, is Tom planning all this, or is he ad libing as the needs of self preservation present themselves.  I did not really know until the last scene.  What a beautifully done movie.  If you did not \\"catch it\\" then, you should \\"catch it\\" now.  You will not be disappointed.
031606792X|5.0|I say 5 stars.  This is a book about an imaginary world.  Of course sublimely happy endings belong...it's a fantasy fairy tale.  Now, we all know the real world doesn't tie up this neatly. That's why we read fantasy books in the first place. If I wanted 'reality' for my entertainment I'd just watch the news, not read a book about vampires and shapeshifters. I loved every page because it took me away from the sad truth of the real world and brought me to a place where things can work out nicely for everyone...even if they drink blood and live forever! Kudos Stephanie Meyer for being brave and writing a happy book that I know most ladies, both young and mature, enjoyed to the max, even if their cynical hearts can't admit it :-) Face it, Nessie ROCKS!
031606792X|4.0|I don't know what everyone is complaining about.  I thought it was absolutely amazing.
031606792X|5.0|I seriously cannot believe that the Twilight Saga is over. I feel like it ended sooo soon. In a way, it's OK because the book was absolutely amazing - Completely tied all those loose ends that had to be tied and left me completely satisfied. I'm just going to miss those characters so much.. I hope she decides to continue writing with another character in the first person because I cannot get enough of Stephenie Meyer's vampires.
B0017XOF5A|3.0|Save your money, they cheaped out big time on the blu-ray version. The picture quality is horrible. Shame on them for ripping off fans like this!!!!  We pay $**.**, and then an extra $10 bucks on top of that to get the blu-ray high quality,  and what they deliver is a pixelated grainy so-called \\"movie\\" that's no better than a double-episode of the TV series, at a price approaching that of an entire season on DVD.
031606792X|5.0|I absolutely LOVED this book.  I thought that Meyer tied everything up well.  I think it is by far the best book of the whole series.  Bella gets to experience motherhood (something she would have been willing to give up to become immortal).  Edward does not feel guilty for changing her and Jacob is okay with it too because she would have died.  Bella does not have to move away from the humans she loves.  Jacob imprints on Nessie and his heart is no longer broken over Bella.  I could go on and on.  If you are a Twilight fan you MUST read, and if you are not, I would suggest that you buy the whole series to read.  THESE BOOKS ARE FABULOUS!  As for those of you that have said the book had a too perfect ending:  It's make believe to begin with.  Vampires and Werewolves do not exist in the first place.  Most fairy tales have a happy ending.  Why should this one be any different?    I can't wait for Twilight the movie in December!
B000002HFU|4.0|Ol Dirty Bastard may be the rawest, dirtiest member of Wu-Tang, but his self-titled album may be the most offbeat of all the albums.<br /><br />There are plenty of dirty lyrics to spare, such as ODB's vivid description of oral sex in \\"Don't You Know\\" and a bloody rap in \\"Raw Hide\\" where he raps, \\"I wanna see blood! Whether its period blood/or bustin your ****in' face, I just wanna see blood!\\" But his rawness is so genuine, with anger at society and a need for dirty pleasure.<br /><br />There are plenty of other crazy lines, where ODB raps about making a \\"young ***** wanna drop your drawers\\" and then sings \\"Somewhere over the rainbow.\\" The RZA adds his off-kilter beats as well to make this one of the nastiest albums in rap history. Whether he's making weird orgy sounds in \\"Drunk Game (Sweet Sugar Pie)\\" or imitating Slick Rick, ODB really shines in the \\"Return to the 36 Chambers.\\"<br /><br />ODB may have died, but he sure went out with a bang. ODB really pushed the envelope with this album, making his own voice a unique social commentary on racial poverty.
031606792X|1.0|confused pretty much sums it up words can hardly explain why i suffered through 754 pages for that.  twilight got me hooked but i always felt the other 2 books were just bridges and actually werent as entertaining has the 1st but that they were necessary to lead us to this last final book that was suppose to be so great and the ending SM had in mind from the beginning.  I was even on board with the baby even though i am still confused on how she got preggers from a vampire that is pretty much stone with no life running through him.  but i got past that since there was still 600 pages left to maybe explain and build on the plot.  to my dissapointment that never happend leaving me stunned. the part from jacobs point of view was the best part of the book in my opinion atleast he brought some life and humor to the cullen house instead the boring \\"were vampires were beautiful\\".  but then after that the book just sucked there was so much build up and no follow through.  i have even excepted jacobs imprinting even though i would have rather had him end up imprinting someone else and what was the point of going deeper into leahs story if she was just going to drop it all of a sudden.  dont get me started on the name renesmee either all i have to say is that apple was a better name, enough said.  the whole thing with the lawyer was just a waste of pages and reading time.  the action at the end was a let down and i pretty much didnt recognize any of the characters they were all so different and a lot of story time was wasted on all the vampires from god knows where that really had nothing to do with the story except to be \\"witnesses\\" and \\"fighters\\" for a battle that never happened.    All together the book was a total letdown and I am pretending twilight is the only book in the series and forgetting this disaster. oh and to compare SM and this series to jk rowling and harry potter is a joke, HP was 10x better than this atleast it had a real ending.
0739367676|4.0|I found Bella's character in the first 3 books very annoying - way too whiny.  I was glad to read her as a mature person.  She's still an extremely self-absorbed character, but I was quite happy with the way everything was wrapped up and glad her torture of Edward (because of her inability to break away from Jacob) is over.     This book definitely can have a sequel to it.  Nothing was final and written in stone.  Overall, job well done.
031606792X|5.0|I have never posted an Amazon review before, but wanted to say that I absolutely loved Breaking Dawn! It was the perfect end to an absorbing and beautifully written saga. Everything I thought (hoped!) would happen did, BUT - there were plenty of surprises as well! I was literally holding my breath through much of the novel - it was so suspenseful. And yet, it was also tender, heartbreaking, and full of romance. Thank you, Stephenie, for a Very Happy Ending.<br /><br />Of course, I, like many, hope this isn't truly the end. There are so many more Twilight stories to tell - and we can only hope that Stephenie Meyer is compelled to revisit Forks again soon.
031606792X|4.0|I absolutely loved the first three books.  I wanted to love this book.  I really did.<br /><br />The more I went through the book, I was disappointed.  It didn't feel like Stephenie Meyer, it didn't feel like the characters were true to their natures.  I hated the name Reneesmee.<br /><br />But.......<br /><br />The book did all that I wanted. I got to be there for Bella and Edward's wedding.  And it was perfect.  I got to  be there as Bella was transformed into a vampire. The transformation happened to save her life, not haphazardly, which I appreciated.  I wanted to get to know the new improved Bella, and I got to do that.  I got to see Jacob imprint (I do not like whom he imprinted with, but that is another story).<br /><br />Once I got past my disappointment, I could appreciate the good story. It was not my idea of an ideal ending, but it was a good ending.  It was written too quickly, the editing was not up to the standard of the other books, but we knew that she had an unbelievably short deadline. She should have taken more time.  But, it is what it is.<br /><br />Give it another chance.  Try to see the happiness and the good things, of which there are many.<br /><br />I DO AGREE WITH THOSE WHO SAY THIS BOOK IS NOT APPROPRIATE FOR YOUNG ADULTS.<br />But, I have never felt that this was a young adult series.  It is a novel about a young adult who falls in love with a vampire.  It should never have been marketed to young adults.  That is the fault of the editors, who were shortsighted not to see the eventual problems... such as sex.  Stephenie Meyer has said over and over that she wrote the books for herself, not as a young adult series, necessarily.  In the first three books Edward could be controlling and angry. These are not traits I want my daughter to desire in a mate.  In the story his behavior makes sense.  But, it is not something I want any young girl to desire from her boyfriend.  I think that it should not be a young adult series.<br /><br />Ultimately, give the book another chance.  After rereading it, I can see its worth and what Stephenie Meyer was trying to do. The book is not as well-executed as the others, it is NOT my favorite of the series.  But, it is good.  And worth the time.t, I can see its worth and what Stephenie Meyer was trying to do. The book is not as well-executed as the others, it is NOT my favorite of the series.  But, it is good.  And worth the time.
031606792X|4.0|I did love it all through,and through,and it was a fantastic way to end the Twilight Saga. I just wish there were more fight scenes,and some parts in the middle of the story were kind of slow. I am glad they were able to revive Bella,and turn her into a vampire after her heart stop beating,and that Jacob thought she was dead. I love how everyone was mesmerized by Bella's and Edward's offspring Rennesme aka Nessie,and that they all wanted to protect her even sometimes from Bella,because they didn't know if Bella would go after her because she had human blood in her also. I am glad  they were able to talk it with the Volturi,and that none of the Cullens,or the werewolves ended up dead,and that they all ended up having peace together between the Cullens,and the werewolves. I give it four stars,because i loved the whole honeymoon scenes,the parts where Bella didn't want to get rid of  the baby even though it was killing her,and  the parts where Bella had to drink blood,and she did throw up at points too,and there is alot of sexual stuff in it so i don't recommend this book for anyone under fifteen years of age,but it is well worth reading it,and i just wish there were more battle scenes instead of them just waiting around for the Volturi to come.
031606792X|4.0|I loved this book, but I feel that something was missing.  I can't put my finger on it.  Everything that happened felt like it was supposed to happen, but I still felt that there was something lacking.    **Spoilers** Unlike others, I don't think this book was terrible.  As far as loss goes, the death of any of the vampires would have meant the loss of the mate as well.  I did not want to see that.  Also, I don't think SM forced her \\"religious views\\" on the unsuspecting reader.**End Spoiler**    I just feel like there was something missing.  Obviously.
B00003CXSP|5.0|While I would have preffered the novel's ending to the story of Hannibal, this was a wonderful, wonderful movie.  I ADORE Anthony Hopkin's as Hannibal Lecter. I was a little put off that Jodi Foster wasn't playing the role of Clarice Starling.  Julianne Moore did a wonderful job, but she just isn't Clarice in my mind.    Anthony is brilliantly cold and dangerous. I loved the scenes in Italy, especially the Opera scene. Beautiful filming.    I must say, the scenes with the Boars and the \\"Dinner\\" scene are my absolute all time favorites.     No one will watch this movie with me though, they are so distrubed by it. Deffinatley NOT for the weak of stomach/mind. This movie will shock you...in a good way.
1401200605|5.0|HUSH is a profoundly compelling & intricate crime story. Jeph Loeb has created an exceptional suspense thriller, which becomes deeper & more mysterious as it unfolds. A true page-turner which I could not put down once I started reading it.  Loeb's exceptional writing has been combined with the extraordinary talents of Jim Lee, one of the most influential pencillers ever, and inker Scott Williams, whose ability to embellish produces images that are nothing short of stunning. Colorist Alex Sinclair's contribution makes every page a great work of art in itself.  Combined, these three have created images that are so detailed and captivating that after one finishes reading the books, you have to go back & dwell on every panel in order to fully absorb the remarkable amount of detail in the artwork.  BATMAN HUSH is a fantastic work on every level.
031606792X|2.0|I have been debating my rating all day. At first read, I liked that the book was not what I expected. But I was very disenchanted about so many things. And really creeped out too.   I mean you couldn't STOP reading it, but not because it was great, because you had to see if there would be any explanation or redemption in the end.  But there wasn't.  There were a few good descriptive parts that bring my rating to a 2 star. Looking at the series, you can come to a different conclusion. But this book alone just didn't fit. Not that they were all super great either. So many of the ideas and characters all along have seemed, I don't know, borrowed from other similar novels. But before they at least had a magic to them that made them stand on their own. No magic here. Except the magic that made a baby vampirling...
031606792X|5.0|I absolutly loved Breaking Dawn.  It was definately not what I expected.  And I'm so glad because it made the book a thousand times more interesting to read.  It made me feel every emotion that a person could feel, which I loved. :)    The section in Jacobs POV was just hilarious! lol. He's just so sarcastic, it's great! :)  Him and Rosalie bickering was great!  I think the biggest climax for me in the book was when Bella pretty much died and Edward was trying to get her back, (and when Jacob imprints).  I was so glad that her heart started back up!  When the Volturi made their visit, I was excited to see how everyone was going to make it thru.  And it made me happy that Bella could FINALLY protect her loved ones all on her own.  Without having to sacrifice herself like she's always had to before.  Go Bella!    Stephanie, you did great!  I got everything out of the book that you wanted me to :)  Love you!
B000WGWQG8|5.0|The John Adams miniseries was the best made for TV production I have ever seen. I highly recommend it to anyone interested in the history of the founders. It brought them to life as people we can relate to and appreciate the sacrifices they made. In the end, they were real people, real Americans.
B0000A0DRY|5.0|This is the album that Dr. Gonzo's Samoan lawyer himself wished to be ecstatically bathtub-electrocuted by.  If that is not a good endorsement, I don't know what is.
B001BMKOZW|5.0|Do you like System of a Down? Serj Tankian's 'Elect The Dead'? Do you like how bizarre their music is? The vocals, bizarre screaming and whatnot? You do? case closed - buy this CD.  I read the phrase 'Fierce Weirdness' in a review in Rolling Stone magazine and those words are the perfect review for this CD.  Generally speaking, this sounds like a System CD minus Serj Tankians singing.  I'm not saying that's good or bad(I personally like how Serj and Daron sing together on the SOAD CDs), but that is just what it sounds like to me - a System CD with one band member on vacation.  \\"Lost in Hollywood\\" and \\"Lonely Day\\" from Systems last CDs would fit on this perfectly because those songs were primarily performed by Darion Malakian, who plays everything on this CD except the drums.  The melodies are here starting with the opener \\"Serious\\"(which would make a good theme song for The Joker in the new Batman movie), the riffs, and the 'fierce weirdness' is here(with a touch of Tourette's syndrome thrown in).  The lyrics often do not make a lot of sense to me -which is true of a lot of System songs - but certain phrases sound good to the ear and ultimately it's about how catchy and weird any given song can be.  Who would think singing 'If we're gonna kill each other/how we gonna live forever?/If we're gonna live forever how we gonna kill each other?' would be catchy?(\\"Kill Each Other/Live Forever\\") or the chorus in \\"Chemicals\\" (which I cannot mention here without being severely censored)  A very good CD and if you like System and thier various solo projects, then this one is no different.  Some people whine about Malakian taking over too much on Systems last 2 albums.  If you feel that way, then maybe you shouldn't buy this CD and buy Serj Tankian's \\"Elect the Dead\\"(another great album).  Otherwise, it's great.  Easily one of my favorite CDs of the year.  Get weird!!!!
B000PE8DXM|5.0|We bought this garage for our son's third birthday. It is much more durable than the new plastic models, and he plays with it for an hour at a time. The car that comes with it is nice with rubber wheels, but hot wheels and matchbox cars work well, too. His 8-year-old brother even enjoys playing with this garage. I would definitely recommend--good quality, which I would expect for the price.
031606792X|5.0|I found Breaking Dawn to be the most imaginative and complete book of the series.  I absolutely loved the whole book!  I enjoyed seeing the  growth in the characters.  The discovery of their potential in marriage, parenthood, character, and abilities brought a whole new maturity level to the Twilight series for me.  I thought the respectful description of wonderful satisfying sex after marriage was priceless for todays reader, especially teens.  These are things I would want my own children to know.  I will definitely read more from this author.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn was absolutely amazing. It had its surprising moments but I loved the way all three books prior seem to have 'matured' each time. I think BD kept in unison with the growth.  The depth of the feeling between Edward & Bella and the pair & Jacob. The interaction of all the Cullens and the unity as a family.  And loved seeing things through Jacob's eyes... put him in a new light :)  Thank you Stephenie for giving me all I could have asked for to happen -wedding, Bella's transformation, happy ending - and then so much more!
B000SEHG5U|5.0|Dawkins doesn't mince words or try to be politically correct.  He's also not rude, so the book doesn't come across as whiny or angry.    Very compelling attack against all the mumbo-jumbo in the world.    Was immensely useful to me personally.
031606792X|5.0|This book was just wonderful. I seriously can't think of any words that would due justice to this book. As an ending to the Twilight saga, it surpassed all my expectaions. I was not expecting what happened. It was so different from anything I thought Stephenie Meyer would write (which is probably why so many fans have expressed that that they didn't like it).     I loved it. It was my favorite of the series It touched me so much. Had me laughing and crying, and matured the characters. It showed that Bella, Jacob, even our perfect Edward had flaws, which made them seem more real. Made me love them more.     I thank Stephenie Meyer for creating this series, these characters, and this book. She showed me a true love, Bella and Edward, that I don't think I'll ever forget.    I don't think anyone but candy_003 on Livejournal could say it better:    \\" If Twilight was about finding love, New Moon was about losing love, Eclipse was about choosing love; then Breaking Dawn was about protecting love.    This story is not about Edward and Bella, their story ended when they got married. This is Bella's final step into adulthood, complete maturity and readiness to turn into a vampire. She reaches that state through motherhood and that concept alone is beautiful. This is the story of Bella and Renesmee. The result of Bella and Edward's unconditional love. That's probably why so many people hate it; many aren't in the age to appreciate motherhood and love for a child, many hate the fact of a baby in the Edward/Bella fix, and many just hate the fact that half the book is from Jacob's POV. All these facts I love and I love that SMeyer completely messed with our minds and took the risks she wanted. Because at the end of the day it's her book and love it or hate it all that matters is that she write if for herself and not with the expectations of all of you ungrateful fans out there. It's fine to hate the book, just don't hate on the author that gave you such wonderful moments, it's very disrespectful. Not just to SMeyer, but all authors out there. Because, as it should be, she writes for herself, not for us.    I'm not suprised by the negativity, not really. I expected it, since it started even before the book came out. And it seems to be becoming a trend to hate on the last book of the series. Sad but true. What I didn't expect was the bashing and complete hate towards, not the book, the author. How more disrespectful can you get? I am an author myself and even I feel how unfair that is.    I think this fandom has been slowly taking turns for the worst over the last few months. They disect everything negative about anything we get before they can even consider the positive side of things. And I swear to God, If I see someone else say the words EPIC FAIL ever again I will rip their head of Bella style. I've never hated those two words more in my life. -_-  I just hope the few and good fans remain and that the fandom doesn't go completely to the dogs.    In the end, everything ended as it should be. A baby, Edward, Bella and Jacob happy and together, forever, happily ever after...what more can I ask for?\\"    I loved this book. It was amazing. Thank you, Stephenie Meyer.
031606792X|2.0|Contains spoilers so if you havent read the book watch out lol    I expected so many things from this book and I'm sorry to say that I am really dissapointed. It didnt seem like any of the other books at all. I had imagined the possibility of Bella having a baby with edward but I always thought it would be unrealistic and when it happened I was dissapointed because I thought stephenie was better than that, that she would come up with a better story line. In a way breaking dawn was starting to seem like a really cheesy soap opra.     I was horrified when jake imprinted on nessie (I hate the name they chose for the baby! I would have named her Dawn or not even included her in the book) Why couldnt jake just not have imprinted it would have made sence since they used to say all the time that imprinting wasnt comon. This probably distroyed all the Jacob and bella shippers because all of their history and hopes were just dismissed like they never ment anything and thats not fair!       I was ready for a big show down with the Vulturi and I was even prepaired for the possibility that one of the cullens might die *cough* Rose *cough* but nothing happened! I was hopping that Alice and jasper would come into the clearing with reinforcements and that the volturi would be taken down. That it would all break out into an epic fight but nothing happened.     There wasnt enough Charlie, Billy and Alice in the book. Yeah it was mentioned at the end that charlie ended up with sue but I would have liked to read about them and see them develop. I hated Bella's vampire gift. It should have been more unexpected and spectacular.      I hate the message this book sends to people but since it has been mentioned in almost all the reviews I wont get into it.   Bottom life isnt perfect nothing works out right for everyone, It's not realistic! I have read fan fiction that is better than this book!    I expected way more form Stephenie Meyer!
031606792X|1.0|What more can i say? It was like a glorified fanfiction. A little more focus on the main characters i fell in in love with (where was Edward?!) would have been nice. It had a completely different tone to the other books and none of the great Bella/Edward stuff i've come to expect.    Incredibly disappointing.
031606792X|5.0|I'm not quite sure what's going on with all the \\"fans\\" out there. But all I have to say is that Breaking Dawn as absoultely amazing. It gave me the closure I wanted and needed from the Twilight Saga. It made me laugh, cry and gasp a hundred times! Stephenie Meyer did an amazing job once again. The romance and suspense kept me turning the pages and kept me up until 6 in the morning reading.    I loved it and i'm thrilled!
031606792X|5.0|I got hooked on the Twilight series thanks to my granddaughter.  We were all pins and needles, along with millions of fans, for Breaking Dawn, the last book, to be released.  We ended up buying two copies so we wouldn't have to wait for someone else to finish it.      Well, I'd barely started the book when I began to see scathing comments online about how Stephanie Meyers had let fans down with the story.  It was simply too unbelivable.  One person speculated on whether SM had actually written it and another was shocked because abortion was suggested in a young adult novel.      I'll admit, they had me worried, but I'd waited too long to read this book and wasn't going to put it down based on someone else's critique.  And I'm so glad I didn't.  In my opinon, Breaking Dawn was the perfect ending for the series.  Meyers not only tied up all the loose ends, she exceeded my expectations for Bella, Edward and Jacob.    I can only assume some people are unhappy with the story for two reasons.  1.) They expected the story to be about Bella becoming a vampire and nothing else.  And 2.) They were unwilling to suspend belief and simply enjoy the story.    Now, I can kinnda understand the first reason, since I thought the same thing.  But I was pleasantly surprised to see that I'd gotten way more than that.  It's the second reason that stumps me.  And here's why:    People were willing to believe in an entire family of vampires.    They were willing to believe that one of those vampires fell in love with a human.    They were willing to believe in werewolves.    They were willing to belive a triangle could form between the human, the werewolf and the vampire.    They were willing to believe that Edward would arrange for his own death when he thought Bella had died.    And yet, they can't seem to believe that:    Bella would get pregnant with a half human/half vampire child.    That the child would grow faster than normal.    That Edward and Jacob would be frantic for Bella's life and want to save her even if it meant getting the child \\"out\\".      That Jacob would imprint on said child. (like we couldn't see that one coming from the time Bella got preggers.)    Frankly, nothing in Breaking Dawn was anymore \\"out there\\" than all the other events in the previous books.  And we writers have a saying.  \\"My world, my rules\\".  In other words, we can get away with almost anything, no matter how outlandish, if we have a logical explanation for it.  And Meyers does.  I absolutely loved and applaud the way she handled Bella's transformation, and the fact that Bella ended up saving the day.  It was a perfect ending, a statisfying conclusion.      So, if anyone out there is hesitating over the buying book, rest assured, it's well worth dollars you'll spend.  Stephanie Meyers has created a masterpiece of vampire fiction.
1401207529|4.0|This provides an interesting take on the origins of Batman, but it is equally (if not more) about Lieutenant Gordon's beginnings in Gotham City, which I didn't expect, but also didn't mind.  I did enjoy the art and style, and much of the color was particularly impressive to me.    You do get to see a bit of an amateur and clumsy Batman, but I was far more intrigued by Gordon; his various conflicts seemed to hold a stronger influence throughout.  If you're looking for a more comprehensive and in-depth portrayal of the origins of Batman himself then I would recommend Batman Begins, which seemed to be strongly influences by this series.    Overall, it was quite good but not great.  If you're a fan of Batman or Miller then it's well worth the price.
031606792X|4.0|Breaking Dawn was not the best of the 4 books but it wasn't horrible.  SM ending the series by giving closer to her audience.  Yes Bella having a demon baby that Jacob imprints on was a shocker.  I never though SM would go there but again I think people are forgetting that it is a work of fiction.
0977326403|4.0|We used the Monograph as a precursor to our strategic planning process. It was very helpful in generating a shared vocabulary for the planning process. As a companion for non-profits to the book \\"Good to Great,\\" it is easy to grasp and answers many questions left open in the book. It is even a good stand-alone read for non-profit leaders, although reading both books is the best way to get the most out of the concepts. As a non-profit theater, this book is a great tool to lead us in journey towards excellence.
031606792X|5.0|This book is amazing. Some things surprised me which I didnt think would happen. Some might not like the book because of these surprises because they already have the characters futures mapped out in their heads.  I love the surprises and things that I never thought of. This is what keeps it interesting because Meyer does not keep it cliche.  If you loved the others and dont have any strong feelings about how \\"you\\" would write the book then you should love it like the others.
031606792X|3.0|I, along with every other \\"Twilight\\" fan out there, wanted to love this book, because I love the series AND because there was so much possibility existing within the constrains of the story.     I imagined so many different possibilities for \\"Breaking Dawn\\". And the actual story is something I never would have, nor could have predicted. I'm not disappointed because I could not predict how \\"Breaking Dawn\\" would play out, I'm disappointed because \\"Breaking Dawn\\" is not a conclusion of the story that began with \\"Twilight\\" and continued with \\"New Moon\\" and \\"Eclipse\\".     The world of \\"Twilight\\" is fiction, and because of that I think that technically the word \\"unrealistic\\" shouldn't make sense. But anyone who has read the first three novels will understand the story enough to find \\"Breaking Dawn\\" unrealistic.     To me, it was not unrealistic because Bella got everything she had ever wanted. I expected there to be a somewhat happy ending. The story is unrealistic for many more reasons, including the following:     -Edward does not stop himself from having sex with Bella even though it hurts her (she wakes up the next morning with bruises all over her body).    -Edward, as a vampire, impregnates Bella.  -Bella names her child Reneesme.  -Jacob imprints on Reneesme.  -Edward pretty much leaves the story after the first 100 pages.  -Bella has absolutely no trouble with her vegetarian vampire diet.  -Jacob shows Charlie he is a werewolf and Charlie easily accepts it.  -Charlie thinks Bella is some sort of supernatural creature, and does not really care.   -Alice tells her family the Volturi are coming to eliminate them all, and then leaves, letting them think that she and Jasper escaped to save only themselves.     But perhaps the most frustrating thing about \\"Breaking Dawn\\" is that the characters are nothing like the characters we fell in love with in the earlier \\"Twilight\\" novels. Not even Edward and Bella. It was as if I was reading \\"Twilight\\" fan fiction. Bella and Edward had the same back story, yet they were nothing like the human and vampire we met and loved in \\"Twilight\\", \\"New Moon\\", and \\"Eclipse\\".    I gave \\"Breaking Dawn\\" 3 stars because I love Stephenie Meyer and this world she has created. I was still hooked enough to race through each page to find out what would happen in the end.        My only hope is that Stephenie Meyer continues on the story (there is a huge opportunity for that through the Volturi story line), and that the continuation stays true to the characters that were created in the beginning, and the story lines there.
031606792X|2.0|:Warning spoilers below:<br /> As an avid read I can honestly say that I loved the first three twilight books. So when the release date came up for Breaking Dawn, I decided that I would go and get the book. I have read the whole book and can honestly say that I am no longer a fan of the series. I have no clue what happened to Stephanie Meyers writing style between the Eclipse and Breaking Dawn, but obviously it was something horrible. I respected her for adding into her books elements of sorrow and sacrifice showing everyone that the world isn't always wonderful like so many books try to make it now a day. Apparently though that has changed, because in this book Bella didn't give up anything. Everything in the story came out to a happy ending, she didn't have to give up Jake or her human family, she didn't spend her first years as a vampire in complete misery, and lets face it, Edward didn't even have to make the choice of whether to change her or not. When it came down to it, it was either she dies or is changed. It wasn't much of a choice. So on top of him not undergoing the anguish of making that decision he also didn't have to listen to her wither in agony for the first few days of her new life, which I think deeply weakened the story line.<br />Also in this book it seemed to me that Bella's tone was changed she was no longer the in depth super discripitive person we have come to know and love. In this book it seemed to me that her parts were rather cold and distant with no real feeling in them.  This was not because she had turned vampire.<br />So overall I was not impressed with this book, everything was too perfect, all the loose ends were too neatly tied up, there was no major discussions, no heartache, and everything turned out peachy. I think that this was a major cop out, I mean after all the fuss Jacob made about Bella becoming a vampire I was really hoping that at least he would have objected, and him imprinting on the baby was just messed up. Also Bella new super powers, ick I mean honestly did she need anything more special about her? Also I really disliked her getting pregnant, it  went against the rules she set up and should not have been possible.  It also made her transition way to easy there was nothing she gave up nothing she.  A bouncing baby, an adoring husband , a cottage in the woods, she lives forever, Jake doesn't hate her.<br />So all in all this cheery everything good happens here twilight book was definitely a disappointment to fans everywhere.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|Settlers of Catan is an excellent game which is pleasantly impossible to master.  The rules are simple enough that a readthrough of the rules or one game with people who have played the game before is enough to teach the basics.  The fun lies in the way many different people compete for scarce resources and take on varying strategies to accomplish the same goal.  The pieces are very aesthetically pleasing and there are many different ways to accomplish the same goal.  Definitely recommend to anybody who is looking for a german-style board game to play!
031606792X|5.0|I find it incredibly funny to see how many people disliked this book because Mrs. Meyer decided to make everyone happy.  I happen to love having a happy ending especially in a book that is ending a series.  At the end I felt satisfied and warm rather than disappointed and put out...And even though this book wrapped up pretty nicely it doesn't mean that there wasn't any meat in the middle or that it wasn't interesting.  The book held my attention from beginning to end.  There were many twists and turns (that I never saw coming...AT ALL!) and exciting moments to the point where I was biting my nails (figuratively).  Read it, it's not something that is deep but I guarantee that you'll be entertained.
031606792X|3.0|I think Breaking Dawn stayed true to the essence of the whole series. Bottom line is that it is essentially the love story of Edward and Bella. The 4th book gave most of Meyer's fans what they wanted (even if they won't admit it) - a neat and happy ending.       Many people are disappointed with how the book made everything seem easy for Bella. I think not. Yes, everything turned out good for her but she did have to go through some hardships (maybe not as much as we would like) to get to that happy ending.                                                                                 The twists of the story were things i was NOT expecting at all. They kept me on the edge of my seat, unable to put the book down. One disappointment was the fight that never was. I was looking forward to Bella's first real fight as a vampire.    All in all, this will satisfy Meyer's fans. It is entertaining, exciting,  and engrossing. And it ends happily ever after..
B0019K9O2A|4.0|this cd firth put exodus back on the map after many delays while megadeth,slayer,metallica and other put out lp these guys got held up and release this lp in 85 when most of it was writting and well rehearsed but 83 after trashing some kirk hammet matterial when he left for matalica.these guys were the home town thrashers when all others toured the world but their guitars would be heard they opened for just about everyone,eventually headlining soon and then toured with many of the big dogs at one point or another.they remastered this cd but they couldn't do too much to clean it up(old school recording equipment)and this version has only 2 bonus trasks same as the 89 reissue(live w/zetro in london.for a better listen to this cd try another lesson in violence live witrh paul bayloff that cd is so crystal clear production you might forget its live un till paul heckles the crowd.purely powerful sound on the live recording and paul dose some songs from pleasures that he wrote(you'll never here that again(rip)!
B0015DYIH2|5.0|Though the openning pages stammer uncharacteristically for Stephanie Meyers, this book is quick to make up for the falterring openning pages.  What a great read.  Another hit.
B0016B6ZKG|5.0|Wow, am I impressed.  It's been about a 17 year wait for this, but it's over and she's only gotten better with time and hasn't lost a thing.  She sounds amazing and this cd is awesome.  There is only one song I don't like on here, and it's the title track, Crayons.  Everything else to me is pure gold and while of course I definately love the first release, Stamp Your Feet, I also truly enjoy I'm A Fire (7.10 minutes long) and the slower song Sand On My Feet.  This is one of the best albums I've heard in a long time and one of her absolute best as well.  She co-wrote these songs along with a host of other song writers and she proves that she hasn't lost her touch at all.  I hope she'll tour Australia sometime soon because I'll be one of the first in line.  I highly recommend this fantastic cd.  It will have you dancing and singing along and it has a little bit of everything here.  I hope that she will continue releasing new material like this soon.  No more waiting around like the last time.  This is a must purchase cd - you'll love it.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I am an advanced exerciser and have a hard time finding challenging workouts.    I love this workout because the moves are simple (no complex choreography to trip over) and very effective.    I also love the integrated strength training with cardio.  This is one of the highest calorie burning workouts I have in my collection.    I actually do all three workouts back-to-back in one sitting which takes about 1 1/2 hours and burns about 900 calories.    There is no time to be bored with this video.  This is a fast paced workout with many quick sequences which makes the time seem to fly by.
031606792X|4.0|I felt like this was a nice conclusion to the Sega. There were many open ends at the end of Eclipse and this book did a good job tying them up. It was a little predictable, but anyone who knows how much Meyers loves these characters would know that she would want the 'happily ever after' for them.     I was asked last night, by a male professor, why he should read the books. The only answer I could come up with that wasn't strictly emotional was that this is a very good story about how a girl falls in love with the 'wrong guy', the one who is going to bring a lot of complications into her life, and the one who ends up being the best thing for her and helps her become everything she was meant to be. It sends the message that real love, the kind that helps you grow and become the best you can be, is not uncomplicated. Given, in this case Bella's meant to be a vampire. But, one who's uniqueness as a human carried over to unique strength as a vampire. As it says may times throughout the book, is was like this was what she was always meant to be. The transition took some work, but she was able to adapt quickly, she was happy, and able to control the negative aspects of her new life.     Like I said before. I think this book wrapped things up nicely. Was it Meyers best? No. But it brought a nice, peaceful resolution, to a story that has been full of trial and conflict.
0440238609|4.0|I would not expect to see this fantasy series on a recommended reading list put out by the Catholic Church.  He is clearly not a fan of heroically/autocratic religious organizations.      The book chronicles the actions and adventures of a young girl and her friends against a corrupted, power hungry \\"church\\".  The characters are well developed and seem \\"alive\\" in every sense, including the non-human ones.  The book holds together well.  There is a lot of action, good dialog, suspense, etc., everything that makes for a good read.    I would have given the series a 5 star rating, but I was not satisfied with the ending, although some may disagree.     All humans in Phillip Pullman' universe have a \\"daemon\\" spiritually attached to them, that is a reflection of that humans soul.  The daemon can take many shapes when the human is young, but as the human matures into an adult, the daemon takes its permanent form.
0792165020|4.0|Just in case you reach the end of THE TALENTED MR. RIPLEY and wonder why you've become not just sympathetic but end up rooting for an amoral murderer: this story does an excellent job of leading you down the path to murder.<br /><br />You begin by gaining sympathy for Matt Damon as Tom Ripley, an eager and personable enough guy who has a life of sad, grinding poverty.  Through a bit of timing and chutzpah, he finds himself enlisted to go to Europe and persuade a rich kid to come home.  The lazy world of the idle rich is a new lifestyle that Mr. Ripley doesn't want to let go of.<br /><br />It helps us that we discover the people whom Ripley \\"victimizes\\" are crass, selfish people with dirty little secrets of their own.  Ripley may be a complete fraud in his charade as one of the rich kids partying around Europe--but at least he's doing more with his life than the people he encounters!<br /><br />This is a wonderfully photographed, deeply textured film without the \\"thriller\\" conventions.  It doesn't move fast but does turn up the interest as Ripley goes further and further with is schemes.  The performances are all top-notch and the locations are stunning.  I just went to Venice for the first time last fall and I was still struck at how beautiful it looks in this film.<br /><br />This story doesn't have the emotional pay-off that THE ENGLISH PATIENT did but everything else that made that movie great is here: the style, the pacing, the attention to details, the way the story unfolds.
031606792X|1.0|As an avid reader and a mom of a preteen daughter and two younger boys, I usually do not have time to read everything my daughter passes my way.  I was kind of reluctant when she gave me Twilight to read, but unbelievably, I could not put it down and finished it in two hours.  I loved the second and the third book of the series although I favored Eclipse a little more.  Waiting for the fourth installment was a bitter-sweet memory I shared with my daughter, since she was never a Harry Potter fan.      What was Stephanie Meyer thinking when she wrote the final story??  A fairy-tale ending for Edward, Jacob and Bella made everyone flat and unbelievable. What happened to those unforgettable characters with their charisma, flaws and hard choices to make?  Why didn't they grow along with the series?  Countless nights my daughter and I debated about Bella's possible decisions, contemplating the pros and cons of her personal choices.  Now everything is over.  Bella got her sex, her beau, her baby, her Jacob, her change, her power, her family, her visits with her human relatives, you name it...    How come I still feel SO empty after finishing the book?  Help!  Pass some good books my way.....
0375805613|5.0|I read this story, \\"The Monster at the end of this book\\" to my daughter 25 yrs. ago, and she loved it. She recently requested I find it, and get it for her little girl.  I'm sure she will love it too!  The book has thick pages and a glossy finish, better than 25 yrs. ago.
B000002GBK|5.0|This is music I listened to as a kid and am overjoyed to find it again. You have to enjoy a combination of new age and choir in order to appreciate the story being told.
B00125WAWS|5.0|This DVD was truly outstanding in every way.  The storyline though not new was so well done.  The acting was oscar quality. I can only highly recommend this DVD to those that enjoy a good movie where in the end everybody wins.  Harvard wins for allowing the debate to happen and Wiley wins by invoking real life experience into a usually academic event.
031606792X|4.0|Despite many questionable or negative reviews given here, I urge Twilight series fan to read the book before passing judgement. While some elements of the book were definitely surprising to me I felt the integrity of the characters was maintained throughout. I was very pleased that particular aspects of the story came together so early on as I had expected a long and tedious wait. That being said, I was sceptical of the story until about two hundred pages in when I found myself more familiar with the characters and the storyline. Overall I give this book a four out of five and would recommend it as a great summer read.
031606792X|4.0|I think some are being a little hard on Stephenie Meyer with the reviews for this book.  It may not have had the same intensity as the first three books, but this was the ending of the series.  Why not have a happy ending to the whole thing?  Would anyone have been happy if Bella or Edward died or some great tragedy occurred?  I think it was a nice way to tie up all the loose ends and to have everything that everyone expected to have happen, happen.  I do agree that the first three books were more intense and suspense filled but they were suppose to, the idea was to keep you interested and coming back for more.  This was the ending book for the series so it got to be less intense and more of the fairytale ending.      I think Ms. Meyer did a nice job with describing the intimate scenes in a way that was not tasteless and would let an adult reader know what was happening and not lead a young adult into an area that was too graphic for them.  If it was felt to be too graphic then maybe this series way over the heads of those individuals anyway.      This whole series was a great breakaway from the whole vampire/werewolf scenario, which I am a huge fan of and have read a large number of stories from some of the great writers of this genre.  It was a neatly written and the characters were portrayed in a way that made you want to get to know more about them.  It also gave those of us who are older a chance to remember first loves and all the feeling that went along with highschool.    I think more people should just relax and enjoy this book for what it is, a happy ending to a fictional book!!
031606792X|5.0|I honestly believe this was a good ending to the \\"Twilight\\" saga form Bella's point of view. I applaud Stephenie Meyer for telling the story as SHE planned it to be, and the results were satisfing. We got a look at every character and the dangers that each one faced. I still can't believe some people are mad that Bella had her happy ending... did you want her to die or something? I don't get it. Anyway, fans of the series are likely to enjoy the book because the author's storytelling abilities are felt throughout the novel, and one is enchanted by it. Once again, I thank Stephenie for her work. BTW, GO TEAM EDWARD!!
031606792X|5.0|Being with Edward Cullen has never been easy, as Bella Swan well knows, after nearly two years of brushes with death with her adopted vampire family. But she and Edward are finally ready to take the next step in their relationship by getting married, and then turning Bella into a vampire. It all rolls out without a hitch, and Bella and Edward are the picture of a blissful couple, until their honeymoon is rudely interrupted by a shocking event, putting not only Bella's life in danger, but the lives of the Cullen family and their werewolf friends as well.    The fourth and final installment of the Twilight Saga does not disappoint. Though it lacks much of the mystery and elegant descriptions of the dreary setting of Forks that entranced readers in Twilight, Breaking Dawn is overflowing with romance, action, and danger that sufficiently do their job in keeping the reader enthralled. However, certain parts of the story do feel a bit rushed, such as the wedding, and could have stood to be beefed up a little bit. Also, wedged almost midway through this weighty 750 page tome is a block of about 200 or so pages told from Jacob's perspective. While the story is served much better from his point of view at this point in the story, it does seem to break up the general flow a bit, making it harder to concentrate on the plot, and easy to countdown the pages until we can get inside of Bella's head again.    Once the story picks up again with Bella, it's hard to keep up. Bella's transformation from human to vampire is not quite as dramatic as many readers originally imagined, but is almost glossed over in light of a bigger surprise that will intrigue and delight readers. Meyers skillfully builds up suspense to the climax where Bella and Edward's lives inevitably will be put in danger, encouraging a niggling sense of doubt that was always lacking in its prequels. However, like many problems that have been presented throughout the Twilight saga, this one seems to resolve itself tooeasily. But these flaws are understated by breathless excitement, jaw-dropping surprises, maddening suspense, and enduring romance, which have become staples of the Twilight Saga, and will leave you dreaming long after the book is finished.
031606792X|5.0|I have to say that I absolutely loved the book.  It is different than the other books, yes, but I still thoroughly enjoyed it!  The book is a fantasy book, so of course things that are not practical or realistic are going to happen!  I don't think that having a happy ending makes it a wrong \\"message\\" to send to people.  I read books to make me happy and feel good.  All of SM's books have had happy endings.  I, for one, LOVED it!
0143038419|1.0|Thankfully, I borrowed this book from a friend so it didn't cost me any money. But it did cost me lots of time! I actually stopped reading it after the second part of the book and getting through that was absolute torture. The author is just so freakin' WHINY! Like a 5-year-old.  To save you some time, read all the 1-star reviews on this page because they are 100% accurate!!!!!!! I wish I read them before I opened the book.
031606792X|1.0|I never thought of the Twilight series as good books, but I always enjoyed them for pure entertainment value.    That said, this book was utterly ridiculous.  I laughed my whole way through it.  Most of the time it reads like really, really bad fanfiction.  It horrifies me not only that something like this can be published, but that it is so insanely popular.    This book has a horrible message for young girls.  Twu Wuv is not the answer to all of life's problems, you should NEVER have a baby at 19 because you Are Not prepared for it, everything you wish for will not come true, and you should NOT depend on some special boy to come along, whisk you away, and make your life perfect.
031606792X|5.0|I am so sick of reading lousy reviews for this book. It was amazing, exactly what we all wanted. A good happy ending to a great love story, all the loose ends tied up, tense action and excitement at the end. It was everything I hoped it would be- I am still sad there is not more. Seriously, what an amazing end to a totally awesome story.
031606792X|4.0|Really, I don't even want to get into this whole debate. Yes, Stephenie Meyer could've explained this whole thing better- a lot better, in fact. It's true that some of the book's logic is fuzzy.    Yes, we're all aware that SM's vocabulary could be expanded upon... Sure, sure, you don't like her plot twists... Mhm, we're well aware that you feel that the climax was... Anticlimax in the extreme.    And yes, these accusations are based in fact, but, generally speaking, there seems to be a bandwagon or mob mentality thing going here. This book was not so poorly written that it deserves to be burned, or locked away in some musty drawer, never to be read again by nearly half of her fans (or should I say ex-fans?). There are redeeming qualities.    As it is, I'm no literary expert, but I'm no idiot either. I can appreciate that some of you didn't enjoy the book, but there is absolutely no reason to rag on it to this extent... Personally, I found it an enjoyable read.    Perhaps this review will make me an object of personal attack, with people criticizing my supposed \\"literary arts retardation\\", or perhaps my age status as a \\"typical hormone-ruled teenager\\", or maybe you'll just think of me as \\"a mindless tool who bows to popular fiction writers just because it's the in thing to do\\".    All I can say is that I'm a different type of Team Switzerland- the fan who can emphasize with both parties, and who is neutral to this heated debate. But personally, I will always enjoy this book, regardless of its shortcomings and others' blatantly pessimist views.
031606792X|5.0|Bella is nervous and anxious about her upcoming wedding.  Her mother, Renee, raised her to be wary of the actual wedding ceremony, although not afraid to love and be in a committed relationship.  But in order for Edward to live up to his end of the bargain, Bella must marry him.  And there is nothing she wants more than for Edward to live up to his end of the bargain - to turn her into a vampire before her 19th birthday.  Bella is still wrestling with how she will deal with both Renee and her father Charlie, nevermind her best friend and werewolf, Jacob.      To say much more about the plot is to completely ruin surprise after surprise.  Questions that readers had in books 1-3 will finally be answered.  Things fans have wanted to see happen will happen.  But horrifying twists lurk behind each page as well.      This book is, in many ways, a very satisfying conclusion to the series.  But in true form, it is so entertaining that readers will still clamor for more.  Bella is extremely self depricating and annoying for most of the book.  It isn't until the end that she finally gains some self confidence and becomes a sympathetic person.  Despite this, the rest of the characters live up to their reputation and are fun to read.  More than anything, this fantasy world continues to grab a hold of the imagination and make for a fantastic read.  It probably only deserves 3.5 or 4 stars, but out of sheer loyalty and enjoyment it shoots up to 5.
031606792X|5.0|LOVED it so much. I LAUGHED so hard the whole book through! Was disapointed in the middle and starting to want to throw it but hung in there and it got great and I was in love again and it was all I ever hoped it could be! Great job Stephenie Meyer!!!
031606792X|3.0|SPOILERS ARE IN THE REVIEW          Before I prepared to tackle on 'Breaking Dawn', I read the first 3 books in the series - a 'Twilight' reading marathon, and when I got to Breaking Dawn...    The beginning was enjoyable, I enjoyed the wedding because Bella's feelings of leaving the human world were still poignant. However, when it got to the pregnancy, I had flashbacks of reading an unpleasant fanfiction. I would have never thought that would happen. I agree with the reviews about Bella's daughter's name... I almost expected her to say 'Just Kidding!\\" in the middle of it.     I was also disappointed with Jacob's imprinting - even though it isn't gross in the context of the book, I found it as a copout - to explain that how Jacob will still stay at Bella's side and make friends with all her vampires. I also couldn't believe it when Jacob told Charlie the truth - what about all the reasons NOT to tell the truth in the previous books? When I actually figured it out in the middle of reading I laughed incredulously at the idea.    I was also disappointed at the lack of a confrontation with the Voltari, this book will make for a boring 4th movie - that's for sure.     I also thought that the change of character of Bella compared to before and after she had her daughter was a bit unbelievable. I also agree here with what the other reviewers had said about the message... and especially now, with teen pregnancy rising even more than before.     I also don't think that its fair to give Bella so much self control over her bloodlust. Too the extent where she could interact with her human father normally still. No wonder Jasper seemed kinda put off.     OKAY - now that's all the bashing is aside....    I still chose to gave this book 2.5 because over the course of the 2 years I've been reading this series, I've grown attached to the characters, so I could understand why Stephenie Meyer chose to give them happy endings - they are the happy endings that I would wish forthem too.     But unfortunately, life ISN'T a happy ending... and even though 'Breaking Dawn' is a magnificent fairy tale (as much as one with vampires and werewolves could be), it just broke the realism of the Twilight universe.    To sum it up: This book is everything that one would wish for Bella, but it fails to be a great literary piece of work... it still feels like a very long piece of fanfiction... It's just TOO sweet... its so sweet that it hurts my teeth.
031606792X|3.0|**HUGE SPOILERS**  Just finished BD and overall I was a little disappointed but not for the same reasons as many of the reviewers here.  For me, the draw of this series was that it was a great love story.  And not just any love story but one of those \\"Princess Bride\\" true love types.  It never bothered me that Bella often acted irrationally.  In fact that sort of highlighted the whole point- their love trumped all reason.      I was so excited for book 4 because there were so many important conflicts that needed resolving: How would Bella's parents deal with her transformation?  Would Tanya show up and convince Edward that changing Bella was a selfish thing to do (and offer herself as an alternative)?  What would become of Bella's relationship with Jacob and could he get a happy ending?  Would the Volturi come looking to \\"aquire\\" Bella, Edward and Alice?    I was anxious to see how all of these problems would be worked out.  To my surprise, all of these conflicts just seemed to melt away and a completely unexpected twist came in the form of Reneesme.  Allowing male vampires to have viable sperm seemed like a huge stretch to me and it was hugely disappointing to have the above problems resolve so easily.  It didn't feel earned    I'm also very aware that babies are a natural result of sex and marriage but to me it just didn't fit into the story.  This story was about \\"true love\\" and I really missed reading about that connection between Edward and Bella.  I was disappointed with both of their responses to each other regarding the honeymoon and pregnancy.  I wish the author would have spent more time resolving all the above conflicts instead of introducing a new one that just didn't fit into the series.  A great fight scene wouldn't have hurt either.    I give it 3 stars because I think Stephenie Meyers is enormously creative and talented and hey- this is her first series.  It's worth reading but definitely not my favorite.
031606792X|5.0|This Book!!! What Can I say about this book...if you loved the first 3 then it is well worth the money and the little time that it will take to read it!! I Just cannot put it down! I Own every single book!! You will absolutely not be disappointed in this book! I am a very loyal reader of her books and i was not let down by the last book of her saga from Bella's view! Look forward to Midnight Sun!
076535618X|3.0|I agree with some that have said this book feels like a rush job. But it was still enjoyable. Probable another 100 pages could have added depth to the book. I wanted to know more about the \\"werewolf\\" natives and the overall colonization process. Lots of stuff was just skimmed over. And I still do not know what an Obin looks like. It was a breezy, enjoyable book that could have been a better finale to a terrific trilogy. Scalzi is still great but this is not up to par with Old Man's War and Ghost Brigades.
031606792X|5.0|Stephenie Myer is a woman after my own heart. She likes the happily ever after and that is how I am too. Though it's easy to be critical of weak points in the story in reality none of us reading this could write any better. I liked that Bella finally did become the heroine. Aro makes a comment to her that she looks like she was born to become a vampire. That's how I feel about Bella too. I love this book. I was pleased and happy that Jacob fines his love and happiness. If it was anything more complex it would have been a 1,000 page book.
B000001FCB|5.0|For those who love music this album, along with \\"blue\\" from joni mitchell, \\"tapestry\\" from carloe king, \\"tracy chapman\\" from tracy chapman, \\"in the wee small hours of the morning\\" from frank sinatra, is a must hear album, one of the most brilliant albums of all times, and also a great opportunity to meet Elis Regina, the singer considered by the critics to be one of the ten greatest singers of all times. If you love music there is no excuse for not buying \\"Elis & Tom\\" and trust me, you will LOVE it.
B000AU9UYM|5.0|A friend of mine, that is a psychiatrist, suggested that I watch this film. At first I thought it an odd suggestion, for, we had previously discussed films, but he was adamant that I watch this one in particular.<br /><br />  This movie not only filled in the background story with the Batman series; it also touched me in a very personal and psychological fashion. I have my own \\"issues\\" as most people do.<br /><br />  There are parts of this film that really and truly reach in and pull at your guts. How can an action film do this? By tapping into many of our fears and displaying them in hard-to-ignore eye burning method.  There were a few times that I was actually brought to tears watching this film.<br /><br />If you want more specifics you can read the 1500 or so other posts about Batman Begins. I however thoroughly enjoyed it and recommend it to everyone.
031606792X|1.0|This book was laughably bad.    It was lazily written, there were still typos (missing capitalization, strange extra words), and the plot went against the rules of the vampire universe already outlined in the previous books.  It's a sad day when a writer has to basically lie about the twist in her final book in order to throw people off of what would have been a very, very predictable ending.    I have always been slightly critical of the character of Bella, but in this book she's SO OBNOXIOUS.  She is inconsistent, whiny, annoying.  And she's such a Mary Sue, it's not even funny.  I feel vindicated.  How does this self-indulgent fanfic get published?    I am also appalled by the underlying messages to be found in this book.  It seemingly endorses sexism, incest (to a certain degree) and pedophilia.  I mean, a relationship between a 100-year-old vampire and a 19-year-old girl is one thing, but . . . really, this book totally one-ups that, and not in a good way AT ALL.    I hated, hated, hated this book (except when I was laughing at the sex scenes).  I wish I could return it.  That's what one of my friends is doing.
031606792X|5.0|Well my post Breaking Dawn buzz is taking a beating also with all these one star reviews! I loved it. I'm 51 and really enjoyed the whole series.  I was on the seat of my chair until the very end. It was wonderful. Thank you Stephanie Meyer!
0743243153|3.0|Parts of this book are simply incredible.  Peck's thoughts on the role of problems, the content of genuine love, the nature of miracles and grace are truly phenonemnal.  Peck is certainly a brilliant man who brings remarkable insight to the table.  While this is true, parts of this book lack cogency.  For example, his thoughts on the problem of evil, original sin and the religion of science are neither convincing nor compelling.  Part of the problem is that he deals with these subjects in a cursory way, not giving them the attention they demand.  It is as if he quickly offers his thoughts to these age-old issues as panaceas that save the day, allowing the human race to exhale a sigh of relief.  I doubt that this is how Peck intended to be read, but this is my perception of these sections.  Overall, this book is worth reading for the sections when Peck shines.  However, be warned that there are also parts that will fail to satisfy.
0780631684|3.0|Final Destination starring Devon Sawa and Ali Larter is pretty far-fetched but enjoyable to watch. Some of the death scenes are out of this world, too gory and disgusting. The first half of the film is the best but the rest drags and never picks up speed again. I recommend watching this film but stay away from the sequel, it's truly horrendous.
B000002KKD|5.0|I enjoyed THE B-52'S self-titled album/cd. The songs have a catchy infectious beat that reminds me of the 60s and hippie/beach music.<br /><br />For some reason I didn't own this album till now even though my friends had it and I loved the song \\"Rock Lobster.\\" I guess I couldn't afford it back then in my teen years but I've got it now and it sounds great. It reminds me of the 80s and the fun I used to have as a care free teen. Oh how times have changed.<br /><br />Anyway, some standouts from THE B-52'S for me are: \\"Rock Lobster\\" \\"Dance This Mess Around\\" \\"Lava\\" and \\"Planet Claire.\\"<br /><br />I swear \\"Planet Claire\\" sounds like they used a sample from the theme song from the 60s campy tv-show \\"Batman.\\"<br /><br />The cd comes along with a booklet with the lyrics and a little background info on the group. The only song I didn't care for was the B-52's remake of Petula Clark's \\"Downtown.\\" But they did do a unique version of it, but it was too far out for me, LOL.<br /><br />I'd recommend this to anyone interested in the B-52's. If you're unfamiliar with them check out [[ASIN:B0002VEPI0 Time Capsule]] which is a greatest hits set with all those groovy songs and a great intro to the group.
031606792X|5.0|I took my niece and we bought this book on Midnight on it's release date.  I have since, read, re-read and re-read the book!  I loved it and so did my niece.      Someone said Breaking Dawn wraps everything up in a neat little bow - they are correct, but keep in mind - this is the last book in the Twilight series.      I read the entire 754 pages in one day - I couldn't put it down.  I found it to hold my attention (for the most part - the \\"Jacob\\" section of the book was a little boring for me) but the book kept me wanting more with every turn of the page.      I wish she would continue on with this series - I am sad to let all of the characters go.      I know that I am a big fan of Stephenie Meyer and will continue to watch for all of her new releases and keep my fingers crossed that she changes her mind and writes another book in the Twilight series!
031606792X|5.0|I can't believe all of the one star reviews....this is make-believe people.....a fairytale!!! I personally loved this book.  It was very exciting and took me on a wonderful ride.  I think the TRUE twilighters will enjoy this book.
B0012QE4Q2|4.0|This film is a modern rendition of the relationship between Henry VIII, Anne Boleyn and her sister Mary Boleyn.  Until this movie came out I was unaware of the rivalry for the king's love between two sisters.  It was great to watch feisty Anne (Natalie Portman) persuade the king to divorce Catharine of Aragon, leave Catholic Church and create Church of England in order to marry her.  The product of that union was no less but Elizabeth I, the Virgin Queeen, one of the greatest and longer ruling monarch in Britain's history.  I am still puzzled that there was never any mention of King's illegitemate son with Mary Boleyn.  What happened of this boy?  While the film is full of plots, twists an intrigues that explain how royal coupling is both political and moral issue for the state, I found language to be too colloquial to suit House of Tudor.  The costumes were beautiful and the actress playing Catherine of Aragon commanding in her grace and appearance.  Wonderful entertainment value here, but not quite a masterpiece.
0679735259|5.0|I've never been there, thank God, but this book got me closer to the madness of being there than comfortable. Outstanding read.
031606792X|4.0|It is time for all to calm down.  Her best book?  Not really.  However, it does not deserve the onslaught of horrible reviews.  I enjoyed the book.  Would I have changed a few things?  Sure.  But, there were significantly more things that I enjoyed and would not have ever dreamed of.  All in all, well worth my time reading and am enjoying the dream of maybe her next book being from the perspective of Nessie.  Please, stop being so angry. Remember, the book is a fantasy.
B001AW9DKK|5.0|A great-sounding addition to the legendary quartet's career. Sure, it's top-heavy on Young's latest music and his confrontational Living With War album, but he is far and away the most talented and consistent songwriter of the group, and if you're a fan of Neil's then you'll have to add this  to your collection. A great live album bookended with a beautiful new piano ballad version of 'Living With War' which is completely opposite to the original version. Let's Impeach the President, indeed!
031606792X|1.0|Possibly the worst book I've ever read. It completely surprises that some people even remotely liked it. The writing, the story(if you can call it that) everything has been bad from the beginning, but this one takes the cake.    You finally did it Stephenie Meyer! You finally made people realize how horrible a writer you are!
031606792X|5.0|I am SO pleased with how Meyer ended the Saga.  Every concern I had and problem that I wanted resolved was beautifully summed up in Breaking Dawn.  It was like having all my wishes come true...and she showed it all to us!  I was worried that it would end again with questions or that I would be disappointed in the end she created for each character...but It was PERFECT!  I have no idea what the negative reviews are about, this is how I wanted MY journey with Bella and Edward to end!  THANK YOU!!!
031606792X|5.0|I loved this book! I can't believe all of the negativity I've been reading from other reviewers. Okay, so she got married right after high school. SO WHAT!  She also married a VAMPIRE!!!! This wasn't exactly realistic. And for those complaining about morals, SM did write about a relationship where there was no sex before marriage. In a world where everyone expects sex before marriage, I think the book had an excellent moral. How is it not okay to marry young if you've met your soul mate? Better to live in sin?  I think SM did an excellent job allowing the happily ever after, even happier than I could've hoped for, while she still kept up the suspense and drama, the page turners that I've grown accustomed to.      I for one was happy with my happy ending!    Great book! One of my favorites!!!!
031606792X|4.0|Okay!  I am like most of you!  When I finished I was in a fog.  I couldn't decide if I hated it or what.  So I took one reviewers advice and read it again.    First of all the book is missing the key ingredient, Bella and Edwards love story, kind of!  And some of our favorite characters are not in it as much as we would like.    Second, It is a good book!  The best of the series, NO!  But it still is a good book.  It probably could have been put into two books, so that the characters could have had more time.  It was a lot of plot in a little amount of time.    I love this series.  I will of course read them again.  I am really looking forward to Midnight Sun!  And of course the movie in December.    JUST RE-READ IT.  SLOW DOWN AND REALLY READ IT THIS TIME.  ENJOY THE BOOK.  You know how it turns out, so enjoy it!
031606792X|1.0|Like so many other fans of the Twilight series, I blazed through the first three books, several times over.  I thoroughly enjoyed reading them.  I wanted to love Breaking Dawn just the same.  After reading this book, I find myself quite disappointed.  The book was so lacking for me.  There was just no 'substance' to it.  Nothing riveted me and kept me wanting to read.  I ended up reading through it just so that I could get it over with, so that I could get on with my time.    I realize that Meyer was told to tone down the violence in the book....  I didn't think that 'tone down' translated to 'eliminate completely'.  Or maybe she didn't translate it to that but rather 'no action, more sex'.  Interesting...    There were parts of the story that were odd to say the least, but I realize this is a fictional story about vampires and all, so I wasn't bothered by the strange and unexplained.  I was simply bothered by the lack of substance to the book.    I will continue to read the first three books of this saga, but it will end there.  I no longer have a need to read Breaking Dawn.  It was pointless and unfulfilling.
B000784WMW|5.0|This is a wonderful adaptation of the book.  I was delighted to see the extra scenes that had been left off of the VHS version.  My only quibbles are 1)I wish that there had been even more scenes between Jane and Rochester from the book and 2)the ending leaves something to be desired also.  Overall, my favorite version of the book.
031606792X|4.0|You know, I, like everyone else, was anxiously waiting to find out how the Edward/Bella love story ended.  I was given those answers and was satisfied for the most part with how things were resolved, but I didn't know how I felt about the feel of the book until I was finished with it.  It seemed a bit weird in some places, and I felt the part with Bella's pregnancy woes was a bit drawn out (but whose own pregnancy isn't?!); overall, it gave me the ending I wanted.
031606792X|1.0|I have to admit...I was like all the other screaming fangirls. I was absolutely hysterical when I got the book. When I finished Bella's first book, I was aghast. How could she do this? What type of a message was Stephenie Meyer writing to her beloved fans?     We were there with her since Eclipse, where we realized how strong Bella's love was for Edward. Where we realized how far Jacob would go to prove to her that she loved him too. The heartbreak in the characters, the raw passion and emotion that sets us, the readers, on edge as we live this fantasy through these characters, it all set the hype for the last installment.     The hype was unjustly given. Many of the girls reading this book are either in high school or going to high school, and this is sending them the wrong messages to those girls who are the future of this country and should not be dreaming of such things happening to them(mainly the pregnancy and only going to college so that one can have sex). I believe most parents would hate for their children to be reading something they are highly against.     It's up to you.....
B000PC6A3E|4.0|All I have to say is wow, the movie does not only look great. It sounds great too. If you are looking for a movie to show off your blu-ray and your surround sound look no more.
031606792X|3.0|I am a huge fan of the twilight series as a 25 year old, being a hopeless romantic at heart and a huge believer that real love conquers all.  While growing up can change those feelings, the twilight saga was a nice reminder of the idealism i had when i was a teenager.  i read all three books in one week and have been stalking the internet since waiting for breaking dawn.<br />so here's what i think: nice tidy ending to satisfy everyone, but its almost like this book isn't part of the series.<br />let me explain: the first three books were great allegories for the awkwardness of high school, first love, and how family fit into all of that.  the hope and fearlessness we all felt as teenagers played out in this forbidden relationship between bella and edward.  the relationship we all dream of: devotion, unwavering devotion.  in a world filled with divorce and people giving up on relationships for a flavor of the week, it was nice to see two individuals that found true love and knew it.  does it work for everyone?  no.  but sometimes your first love is your true love and thats whats best.  these books sent great messages to young women, experiencing first love and changing hormones, that its ok to be in love and not need to express it physically.  it can be chaste and beautiful and allow you time to find out who you are.  bella had spent her life taking care of her mother and herself, and i find it nice that she finds someone to take care of her.  we should all strive for it.  these books were about love and family, real family, not just the one you're born to, but the one you make, discover, as you go through life.  i liked the message that family is more than just blood, its emotions and experiences.<br />and then you have breaking dawn.<br />ok, so bella and edward go traditional and have sex after marriage.  thats fine.  she's only 18 still, ok, young marriage, i can deal with that too.  is not like thats uncommon.  but at this point the novel, to me at least, stops being a young adult book (as they are marketed) and becomes a little too adult.  if i was a teenager i might be a little confused.  and as a grown woman i am not sure i would want this book to be in my teenage daughter's hands (if i had one).  while the exploration of more adult themes is ok, encouraged even, i don't feel bella developed enough as a person to convey these themes properly.  she has been extremely altruistic throughout these books and now she gets everything she wants without fighting for it.  life doesn't magically become easier after marriage.  marriage isn't a fairy tale all the time, and if people knew that and worked through it there would be less divorce.  anyway, everything just kind of shifts in the story from what the previous books stood for.  bella is no longer a character to relate too, not some shy teen with a keen sense of sacrifice and self, and our \\"normal\\" girl is suddenly a supermodel married to an adonis with a baby she only had to carry for one month?  this is not the character we have all admired on some level.  this is a perversion of the bella we love.  everything was just tidied up and everyone was happy but NO ONE had to sacrifice anything for that happiness.  the universe is not so kind.<br />but theres that part of me, the young girl before reality came along, that looks at this as a dream come true.  maybe not a good dream for an 18-year-old, but at 25, now through college and grad school and many heartbreaks and setbacks, wouldn't it be nice to have everything i wanted?  yes it would.  while breaking dawn isn't want we might have wanted, and despite its many flaws, the general message of love and family is still there, however diluted.  It could have been better, could have been worse, but lets all face it: if it hadn't ended this neatly these reviews would be much more angrily written.  its not wrong to want it all, just make sure you take the message away that its what YOU want, whats best for YOU, because lets face it:we are not going to find a vegetarian vampire and live immortally ever after.find a vegetarian vampire and live immortally ever after.
031606792X|3.0|I'm torn. I liked certain parts of the book and other parts didn't feel as well written. Of the series, this book reminded me the most of the Anne Rice vampire series and even the shortened name \\"Nessie\\" had me thinking of _Wicked_.<br /><br />What I didn't like--the uneven writing and the continued trite inner dialogue of some of the characters. Surely by now Jacob wouldn't continue to sound like a surly 14 year old? I'll read more of her books, but I think her first was her best.<br /><br />I have to agree with many poor reviews--this book delved into the soap operaesque at times with the banter between the characters, the plot, and message. I know this is a fairy tale, fiction, or \\"just a story\\" but the various messages throughout were nothing short of nauseating at times.<br /><br />Yes, the vampires in AR novels were for the most part wealthy and powerful, but there was real angst, emotion, history and great writing from AR. This book left me feeling unsettled.<br /><br />And, was I the only one who felt like there was a strong pro-life sentiment once Bella realized that she was with spawn? Overall, parts of the book had to be read with complete supsension of belief--even knowing that the book dealt with shape shifters and vampires.
B0016NF06O|5.0|Great cd. wonderfull blues music and the always great voice of Willie Nelson. A must have!
B000A6T1JU|2.0|One of my favorite movies...ON T.V.  The actual movie version was horrible with tons of horrible language!
0345440927|5.0|I need to say that after I red the first book of Tracy Hogg, I became a huge fan, the book was great (you can see my review). So few months later when was necessary I didn't hesitate and I purchased this book, very good, excellent tips, Tracy knows what she talks about, a real expert, she describes every situation you live with toddlers, is an amazing guide, definitey very helpful, she is against yelling and spankig, but still guides you to set up boundaries, also she confirms the respect that every child deservs.<br />This book is universal, I am from Monterrey, M&eacute;xico and it helps me, also if I have any additional question I enter at [...] and I can post my question in the blog and somebody will help me, it's amazing.<br />I totally recommend this book as guide and support in your baby's raise.
B001AEF6D6|5.0|`The Big Lebowski' has been hailed as one of the greatest cult classic films of our time, and I just might have to agree.  The Coen brothers rarely disappoint (honestly, `Intolerable Cruelty' was a mess but aside from that they usually strike gold) and `The Big Lebowski', while not their smartest film, may be one of their most entertaining.  In all honesty, `Fargo' is a better film, but nothing in `Fargo' can match the brilliance that is Jeff Bridges as the iconic `Dude'.<br /><br />So, `The Big Lebowski' centers around two men with the same name.  There is Jeffrey `The Dude' Lebowsky; a pot-smoking, White Russian drinking, unemployed slacker, and then there is Jeffrey `The Big' Lebowski, a handicapped multi-millionaire with a trophy wife named Bunny who has gotten herself in debt with some very dangerous men.  Those men, attempting to get their money, come after `The Dude', mistaking him for Bunny's husband.  Thus starts the tumble that is the Dude's involvement in a kidnapping scheme that pits him against some very strange (and albeit hilarious) people.  Teamed with his bowling buddies Walter and Donny, not to mention Lebowski's (the `Big' man) estranged daughter Maude, the Dude attempts to make some quick cash by playing as the go between for Lebowski and his wife's kidnappers.<br /><br />The plot is simple and doesn't work too hard to embellish itself, but the brilliant script work and the flawless acting help make for some of the funniest moments and most memorable dialog in recent memory.  John Goodman really works well with the Coen brothers.  His performance in `Barton Fink' is seriously one of my favorite supporting performances of all time, and here in `The Big Lebowski' he dominates as the Dude's best buddy Walter.  Buscemi (who is also a perennial Coen star) doesn't have as much to do as he did in `Fargo' but he makes the most of it.  Philip Seymour Hoffman is hilarious as Brandt; his facial expressions in the limo with the two Lebowski's is one of my favorite scenes in the film.  Tara Reid plays a variation of herself as Bunny, and Peter Storemare is hilarious as the Nihilist member of the techno pop band `Autobahn'.  The character of `The Big' Lebowski is a tad clich&eacute;d, but David Huddleston is hilarious enough to make up for that.  Julianne Moore is fantastic, and I mean that, as Maude.  I seriously am starting to change my opinion of this actress.  She has been lauded over and over and seriously up until this past week I didn't understand why, but her performance here (and more notable in `Short Cuts') is starting to change my mind.  Everything about her character play here is hilariously on point.<br /><br />But nothing compares to `The Dude'...nothing.  Jeff Bridges is in all honesty one of my favorite actors; he may even break top ten for me.  He just always sells it, even when he's not mind-blowing he has that consistency about his work to where it is always solid.  His performance here is not only solid, but it is mind-blowing.  Comedic-wise he just devours this film, becoming this character from this inside out.  He beautifully builds layers of apathy within a character that is deeper than his roots, but most importantly he understands the dialog and `how' his character would sell that dialog, and he soars.<br /><br />`The Big Lebowski' can be labeled another Coen triumph, to rest on the shelf along with `Fargo' and the more recent `No Country for Old Men' as iconic cinematic experiences that one shall not soon forget.vorite scenes in the film.  Tara Reid plays a variation of herself as Bunny, and Peter Storemare is hilarious as the Nihilist member of the techno pop band `Autobahn'.  The character of `The Big' Lebowski is a tad clich&eacute;d, but David Huddleston is hilarious enough to make up for that.  Julianne Moore is fantastic, and I mean that, as Maude.  I seriously am starting to change my opinion of this actress.  She has been lauded over and over and seriously up until this past week I didn't understand why, but her performance here (and more notable in `Short Cuts') is starting to change my mind.  Everything about her character play here is hilariously on point.<br /><br />But nothing compares to `The Dude'...nothing.  Jeff Bridges is in all honesty one of my favorite actors; he may even break top ten for me.  He just always sells it, even when he's not mind-blowing he has that consistency about his work to where it is always solid.  His performance here is not only solid, but it is mind-blowing.  Comedic-wise he just devours this film, becoming this character from this inside out.  He beautifully builds layers of apathy within a character that is deeper than his roots, but most importantly he understands the dialog and `how' his character would sell that dialog, and he soars.<br /><br />`The Big Lebowski' can be labeled another Coen triumph, to rest on the shelf along with `Fargo' and the more recent `No Country for Old Men' as iconic cinematic experiences that one shall not soon forget.
B00003E43J|4.0|This album of 12 (not 18) songs was released in 1960 following Elvis's discharge from the US Army. It was intended to showcase his talent and serve as a \\"come back\\". Some of the songs work well, the doo-wop numbers not so good. The only true R&B track is the closing number \\"Reconsider Baby\\". \\"Fever\\" works as well, lots of fingerclickin and reverbed vocal. \\"The Girl Of My Best Friend\\" is possibly the best known track.\\"I Will Be Home Again\\" has a country feel, remniscent of his earlier slower songs say from 1955. \\"Dirty Dirty Feeling\\" sounds like a song from an Elvis musical. \\"The Girl Next Door Went A' Walkin'\\", has a spring in its step.
031606792X|5.0|**Spoilers**  I loved the this book! Granted, the writing style and foreshadowing of the book is more similar to Twilight then Eclipse, I think it stays consistent with Stephenie Meyer's fairytale story. Now I know that most people are struggling with the little \\"too happy\\" ending, but seriously, why not! I think a lot of people are hung up on the \\"impossiblity\\" of some of the situations, but if you remember, their relationship is supposed to be impossible from the beginning.     The whole baby thing completed their love for me, because I think that as a couple who has children, once you experience that change in your family it gives a new depth to your relationship (not saying that if you don't have kids you are missing out), but I think that it is an interesting perspective to explore. As far as the imprinting goes, Jacob is supposed to imprint on someone that will further his genes (and why not a 1/2 vampire who might make the next generation of wolves have granite skin and special powers). Also, it is not unusual to fall for someone who has similar characteristics to your first love...eyes, looks, personality...so the baby does stand a good chance of having some of those qualities he so admired in Bella. You just have to grasp imprinting before you can understand this situation.    My favorite was getting to see Bella as a vampire. She was born to be a vampire. It is great to see how she matures and how their relationship grows as they adapt to the changes. She discovers self confidence and the talents she has wondered about and are not longer stuck behind her imperfect human body.    Loved this book, but you won't like it if you are a person who needs a classic tragedy to be happy in the end, or if you are so hung up in the rules you though existed. The only thing Bella loses is Renee. I found it exciting and thought provoking.
031606792X|2.0|Where to begin?  I loved the first three books (especially Twilight) and I loved The Host as well.  This book feels completely and utterly detatched from the characters I had come to know and love.  Who are these people?!  My Edward has turned into a putz, completely losing his manhood.  It is so poorly written, that it feels like I am reading an Alien comic on acid.  I got so tired of hearing Rosalie referred to as Blondie and \\"get your head in the game!\\"  What is that?!  I truly feel that this last story has ruined for me everything that was beautiful magic in Twilight.  Made it unbelievable and asinine.  I wish I would have stopped at Eclipse and don't even know if I can stomache to see the movie now.  What a huge, huge disappointment, and that is quite an understatement!  I wish I would wake up from this whack nightmare!  I'm depressed...
B000002UAU|5.0|From its elaborate cover (the most expensive in LP history), to its printed back-cover lyrics, to its (in the original LP issue, anyway) toy insignia cutouts, to its complete lack of 45-r.p.m. singles, \\"Sgt. Pepper\\", from the summer of 1967, was groundbreaking in many ways.  The Beatles, already the most famous musical entity in the world, had retreated from touring the previous year and devoted themselves to the recording studio full-time.  This was the result.  The idea of an alter-ego to the group was originally Paul McCartney's; the other Beatles joined in the concept, creating a loose framework for a wide variety of material.  Paul indulged his penchant for music hall ditties with \\"When I'm Sixty-Four\\"; John Lennon got both ethereal, with \\"Lucy In the Sky With Diamonds\\", and earthy, in \\"Good Morning, Good Morning\\"; George Harrison's Indian absorption is reflected in \\"Within You Without You\\"; and Ringo, who usually got at least one song to sing, sallies forth bravely as Billy Shears with a little help from his friends.  It should be noted that \\"Pepper\\" was produced with the aid of hallucinogens, so the record, given its brilliance, can't really be used as an anti-drug argument.  The rock album was born.
0590405950|5.0|When I first read this in the late 60's it was relatively new<br />in America. I was astonished that the moralist Christian<br />who wrote such bad ( Luddist) sci fi wrote such excellent fantasy<br />for children. The symbolism of Aslan giving his life for the sin of Edmund<br />is seen by many as the Christian aspect.<br />There is also a 'divine right of kings' symbolism built into the plot?<br />It is a fairytale with talking animals<br />and mythical beasts about good brave little girls who tell the truth<br />and their wrong headed brothers.<br />I think we should all be reminded what noble ideal are and how to behave well in unexpected situations.<br />I still love this book!
0143035711|5.0|Don't read this book if you're looking for an over the top Rambo/Braddock conquer S.E. Asia single-handedly comic strip. If you want to learn a little bit about what it was like to fly a Huey in a strange land during an incomprehensible time, read this book. Read it then give it to someone else to read.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|I really liked their last effort, X & Y, and both albums had to take a few listens to grow on me. The album is a bit of a departure from not just Coldplay work, but from popular music of this type in general. First off, it starts off with a soaring instrumental of which I had hoped that they had come up with lyrics for it so that I could actually sing along to it. Still, I appreciate its beauty and it's a nice way to 'ease' into the album.<br /><br />Second, a number of the songs are essentially mash-ups of what seems like two completely different songs. At first, I felt like Coldplay was cheating me out of a fully-developed set of songs as what would seem like a perfectly good song for 3+ minutes would evolve into something completely different. I realized that I was getting more than my money's worth with all interesting styles they had mixed together with some of these songs reminding me of a mini version of Side B of The Beatles' Abbey Road.<br /><br />All of the songs are catchy and there really are very few low points on the album. The highlight for me is the song Viva La Vida, where Coldplay combines a thumping string section with their own instruments very effectively. Death and All of His Friends / The Escapist finish off the album and this is another example of a song that switched direction after a few minutes when I could have eaten up more of the first part. Death and All of His Friends has a quick chorus that is sang only twice and it would have been nice to have heard it fleshed out more. All in all, though, this was an album worth giving a chance and worth buying.
B00180R06I|5.0|Carl Theodor Dreyer's VAMPYR has long been one of my favorite early horror films but until just a few years ago it was impossible to see it in a decent print. The old Image DVD had the best picture quality but was marred by black box subtitles in Gothic script. Still it was the best there was until now. This new Criterion transfer is not only the best so far it will probably be the best from now on as I can't see anyone else wanting to redo it. It's not everyone's idea of a horror film especially today when poetry and atmosphere are not high on the list of priorities for most horror movies (or most movies in general). The film was not a success in 1932 causing the director to abandon filmmaking for 11 years although it quickly developed a cult following.<br /><br />The scenario inspired by Irish Huguenot writer Sheridan Le Fanu's novella CARMILLA and influenced by F.W. Murnau's NOSFERATU is probably the closest cinematic equivalent of a dream captured on film. It certainly influenced Cocteau's BEAUTY AND THE BEAST which was 14 years later. The film is actually more of a nightmare as it follows a young protagonist through village inns and country estates on the trail of a female vampire who against conventional tradition is old and wizened rather than young and beautiful. Strange things happen. Shadows have a life of their own, the hero watches himself from above as he is buried alive, and it contains one of the strangest death scenes ever filmed which was borrowed from D.W. Griffith's A CORNER IN WHEAT. The entire film was designed to be pale with lots of fog and scenes shot through gauze over the camera lens. It was photographed by Rudolph Mate' who had done Dreyer's previous film THE PASSION OF JOAN OF ARC. Once seen it cannot be forgotten. Like most vivid dreams you remember it whether you want to or not.<br /><br />This new transfer of the German version (there were French and English ones as well) looks as good as any restoration I have ever seen and the cleaning up of Wolfgang Zeller's music score, so essential to the overall mood, is nothing less than astonishing. Like most Criterion releases it comes with a plethora of extras including the original shooting script and a complete copy of Le Fanu's story CARMILLA so that you can see how much they varied from it. There is alao a second disc containing deleted scenes, a detailed analysis of the film and a radio interview with the director. Yes it's expensive and no it's not for everyone but if you appreciate cinema as poetry and are seduced by black and white images than this is the movie for you. Be advised though that Dreyer shot this film as a silent and added the music and effects later. There is less than 10 minutes worth of dialogue overall and no one says more than a few words each time they speak.ng up of Wolfgang Zeller's music score, so essential to the overall mood, is nothing less than astonishing. Like most Criterion releases it comes with a plethora of extras including the original shooting script and a complete copy of Le Fanu's story CARMILLA so that you can see how much they varied from it. There is alao a second disc containing deleted scenes, a detailed analysis of the film and a radio interview with the director. Yes it's expensive and no it's not for everyone but if you appreciate cinema as poetry and are seduced by black and white images than this is the movie for you. Be advised though that Dreyer shot this film as a silent and added the music and effects later. There is less than 10 minutes worth of dialogue overall and no one says more than a few words each time they speak.
031606792X|5.0|If you're looking for a 'message' in this series of books...why not try reading non-fiction?<br /><br />If you're looking for a female role model to teach things to young kids....why not try reading non-fiction?<br /><br />However, if you're looking for entertainment and a book that ends a series well then this is the book for you.  It's fun, sweet, funny and well worth the wait.  As a 34 year old woman reading books for Young Adults, I was well impressed and happy with how this series turned out.  Yes, all the story lines are wrapped up in a neat little bow but that doesn't mean it shouldn't be that way.  I'm truly tired of being slapped around with unnecessary 'unhappy' endings because it's more like reality.  If I wanted reality I wouldn't be reading fiction about vampires and werewolves, would I?<br /><br />So if you're looking for a fun way to pass a few hours and to end Bella, Edward and Jacob's stories pick up this book.  If you're looking for a statement that upholds your personal social agenda, look elsewhere.
0143038419|5.0|I really enjoyed this book and thought it was insightful. After having gone through a divorce myself, I could relate to the pain. This book probably impacts people more who are in similar situations of journeying through life, reeling from emotional trauma, etc. This book really impacted me in a positive way and I have been recommending it to all my friends.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn was not what I expected, but that was half the fun of reading it! A great ending to the series, although I am longing for a 5th book!
B00003JRCQ|5.0|I bought this version of \\"Persuasion\\" because of A. Casalino's glowing review and am very glad I did. I also have the Masterpiece Theatre version as well and like it too, but this film is a must for anyone who loves Jane Austen, her novels, and her unforgettable, vibrant characters. Amanda Root epitomizes Anne Elliot in every way: appearance, way of speaking, facial expressions, humility, even in her walk. Buying this DVD just for Root's Anne Elliot is well worth the money; however, Ciaran Hinds' performance as Wentworth is right up there too. Kudos  to the actress who portrays his sister, Mrs. Sophy Crofts, and to the actor who plays husband, Admiral Croft. It is as though Austen's characters have stepped right out of the novel and onto the screen. For example, Colin Redgrave's turn as Sir Walter Elliot is priceless! His flagrant self-absorption, narcissism, and puffed-up ego are most amusing at first and inevitably direct the viewer's thoughts to the origins and continuation of Anne's self-effacement.    And the final scenes between Anne and Wentworth - magnificently done!
031606792X|4.0|I was so afraid to read the book after reading some of the horrific reviews it got. I think most are unjustified. There were definately some things that bothered me, but it wasn't terrible! Anyway, NEWSFLASH people the book is fantasy and fiction! Hello!? Who can say they didn't want a happy ending???!!! People are SO disappointed that the ending was happy. I am more than a little confused by that!
031606792X|5.0|This book was awesome. Reading some of the reviews from the critics also bummed me out. Seriously this is a book about werewolves, so because Bella did not go to college and follow societies norm its' bad. Give me a break. I felt so good after reading this book, I even re-read the last two chapters. I would highly recommend this book.
B000KJU1HI|5.0|Get to know the beginning of a monumental career, and the musician who created it, in this insightful and direct telling of a bit of Bob Dylan's early tour life.  This is great!
B00127R7JM|5.0|This album blew me away. Im 29 years old and have been listening to metal for many years, but over the past few years of my life Ive grown tired of it and seemed to think none of it was ever going to get better. But one day I ramdomly found this album at a local record store and I havent stopped listening since. The arrangments and musicianship is amazing. Do yourself a favor and buy this album. Even if youre not a metal fan, youll at least be able to appreciate his talent.
031606792X|5.0|I loved the book!  Keeping it short here but I thought it was really good and I liked that she really surprised me by the events in the book...and in a good way! Perhaps some others were expecting so much that even a really good book was a let down.  I don't know but I really loved it!
0316666343|5.0|In the hands of a lesser author, The Lovely Bones could have been a clich-peppered melodrama with a tale of a young, murdered girl looking down from heaven full of despair and woe.   But Alice Sebold presents the familiar setup with the right amounts of reflection and often heartbreaking poignancy, giving more life to her deceased heroine than is found in most people walking among us on earth.      Susie Salmon is already in her heaven at the beginning of The Lovely Bones.  With frustrating curiosity, she's able to watch the fallout of her murder, as her family and town work to deal with the horror and shock of her death.  The novel's strength lies in the opening chapters, as Susie's omniscient heavenly power allows her to hear the thoughts and memories of the important people in her life, seeing them as whole people for the first time, not just the version of themselves they gave to her.  Only after such understanding can she reach the levels of regret and loss she achieves in heaven, wishing she had some of those days to live over...or even just a few lost moments.      One of Sebold's best choices involves sculpting Susie's heaven out of the environment and experiences of her time on earth.  She spends most of her time in a gazebo like the one she coveted in her neighbor's yard when she was alive, and she encounters important people who proceeded her in death, as well as strangers she meets (including a support group of girls whose lives ended like hers).      She's able to see her mother explain to the police the meaning of the charms on her bracelet, something she didn't realize her mother knew.  She's with her father as he destroys the ships-in-a-bottle they made together.  And she listens for her name to make an appearance (as it always does) during important holidays and events.  In her heaven, Susie is torn between wanting those who cared for her to move on with their lives and the giddy excitement she gets when someone mentions her, remembers her, affirms her.  Although she knows it is selfish, she (like all of us) wants to know she mattered and wants to know she is missed.       Listening to Susie as she watches her friends and family deal with her death creates one of the more charming and irresistible first halves of a novel I have read in years.  The honesty, vulnerability and reflection tiptoe the line of sentimentality without falling over too often.  The pebble-in-the-ocean ripples of a child's death remind me of the fractured family in John Irving's The World According To Garp, and Sebold seems to match that master's insight into the hearts of the modern American family.      Sadly, the novel can't maintain the early brilliance and gets bogged down toward the middle with an unfortunate tangent involving the mother and completely gets sideways at the end with some supernatural (and all too sweet) conclusions.  But Sebold's mistakes at the end should not prevent anyone from introducing themselves to Susie Salmon, the lovely character in the lovely book about the lovely bones.
B000002GQG|5.0|I love all of the Moody Blues Albums up until the Seventh Sojourn.I have yet to further explore anything after that.Obviousley Days of Future Passed was the masterpiece that got them started,but if I had to pick a favorite this would be the one.It has a very natural feel to it as if the whole band was on the same page with what the finished product would be.Very very mellow music.I was only 18 when i first heard this one and I have very fond memories of that time.As a matter of fact it is hard to look back around that time in my life and not think of this album.You can press play and listen to it all the way thru so it is hard to pick out highlights.My favorite part of the album is from \\"Voices in the Sky\\" up until \\"The Actor\\".It is impossible for me to listen to these four songs and not feel somewhat nostalgic about the place I was at when I first heard them.Not that it doesn't work as a whole album,the second half just seems to have some extra mellow sixties magic to it.Highly recommended for those of you whose ears bleed when they hear death metal or gangster rap(In other words bad music)Long live the Moody Blues.
B0000AQS6R|5.0|Right up there at the top of the list for holiday movies. A christmas classic. We watch this Thanksgiving night every year. Can't miss.
B000059T00|5.0|Kinda hard to beat this album.Blind Faith released in 69 was the only album they ever released and thats allright because if Clapton and Winwood attempted to follow this up with a better album chances are they would have killed themselves in doing so.This doesn't sound like music by men living on the edge.It sounds like music made by men who actually jumped off over the edge and somehow made it back alive.CLASSIC stuff here.No surprise this was the first music project Clapton did after hearing Music from Big PInk by \\"The Band\\".He was inspired by them to make an album that meant more than being a guitar king.You can here the soul in the music.Although Clapton had not yet found confidence in his voice yet,I probably would trust Steve Winwood to get the job done too,ha ha.And he sure did.His vocal on \\"Had to Cry Today\\" nearly outshines the brilliant guitar interplay by himself and Clapton.\\"Prescence of the Lord\\" may be the best song Eric ever wrote besides maybe\\"Layla\\" the next year.The guitar solo on it is insane.All and all a great album with even Ginger Bakers drum solo and Rick Gretch's violin solo contributing greatly to Eric and Stevies vision.Better than Cream,better than Beatles,better than a lot of stuff.But than again thats just my opinion.Watch Clapton's 2007 guitar festival if you want to see him and Stevie take another trip to the edge of existence by performing these timeless songs nearly 40 years later.Could not have been done better.I truly hope Clapton and Winwood will continue to play together and maybe record some more,they are an unbeatable duo.
0345349571|3.0|Tuchman builds a wonderful mental picture of the 14th century, and what it must have been like to live back then.  She follows the 14th century through the life of a French nobleman (but not a king).  This led to a book that isn't a great story - she purposely picks someone who has some historical info, but not a king or queen whose life would be too far removed from the \\"common\\" life.  Unfortunately, that means there isn't a lot of detail about this guy's life, and she is too much of a historian to make anything up.  So the story is kind of sketchy. And (this is probably endemic in any 14th century booK) she spends a lot of time talking about relationships between royalty across Europe, which for some reason bores me silly.  All that said, I have a completely different view of medieval Farnce and England than previously, and I learned a lot.  A worthwhile read that sometimes bogs down.
031606792X|1.0|So very disappointed. I have gotten most of my friends hooked on the saga but will be BEGGING THEM to stop with Eclipse.  This book seriously ruined the fantasy.  Thank you, Ms. Meyer, for the other books. I truly enjoyed them. But this one is all wrong.
031606792X|5.0|Typically, I would never even be reading so many reviews, or waste my time writing one. However, in this case I'm willing to admit that I'm drawn to these books on an almost pathetic level.  I'm so shocked to see so much criticism! In my opinion, this closure was as good as it could be! Why is everyone so hell-bent on a tragic ending? If she had killed people off, then there would just be complaints about it being the wrong person, etc.     If the critics of this last installment are so great, why don't THEY write books like this? I don't know why expectations of authors whose books YOU CRITICS are reading are looked at with such a harsh mentality. If you don't like the books, don't read them. Obviously, she is a good enough author to hook you in in the first place.     Anyhow, for those who read too much into things and revolve their time around bitching and complaining about how they could've written it better, I guess this book may suck.  But in my opinion, this fairy tale store ended just how they typically do, happy. And that made me happy. That's what we all wanted for Bella, Edward, and Jacob anyways, right? Like so many have said before me, we read to escape. And if you ask me, she through in just enough to keep us on our toes, but not enough to depress us.     The last book is great. If you don't like it, sell it on this website, and shut up.
031606792X|5.0|i've been a fan of the previous three books and i was eagerly waiting for this book.. the third book for me was emotional..it was about all three of them paying the price for the choices that they made,the bad side of it. Edward left Bella,and he has to live with the fact that a part of Bella belongs to Jacob. Bella chosed Edward over Jacob and she has to bear the guilt of it and Jacob pursued Bella even though he knows Bella belongs to Edward.    It was a relief to me to see that the 4th book shows the good side of the choices that they made. Sure, some may argue how could Bella chosed to abandon her life for Edward but in the end, it was the right choice. I would not pick the path she picked in real life(drop everything for a guy) but this book is all about fantasy and make belief and i'm sure a very small part of me is curious on how it would be like to drop everything for that person who is your \\"truest of true love\\".     Some of the review said how can meyers make Bella the way she is,weak and abandoning her own life,getting married and pregnant at a young age and it's not improper for teenage girls to follow. Well, the thing is, it's fiction. The hero is a vampire!! So to begin with, nothing makes sense. So just enjoy the imagination and creativity of Meyers. It's her craft, enjoy and respect it, in my opinion. And  it was the right choice for her and it surely is not the right choice for everyone. One glove doesn't fits all..    The thing i don't like about this book is Jacob! God, he's so annoying to me(my best friend is going to kill me for this :D )I just wish he could disappear but I guess he's \\"imprinted\\" in Bella's and Edward's life and you just can't avoid it. He keeps on coming back.     In twilight and new moon, I wished that Edward is real because he is so perfect in so many ways(and I'm sure most girls share my view) but after reading eclipse, I wanted to BE Edward because I find his character noble especially the selflessness aspect of him. When reading this book, it made me realise that perfection does not exist, sure but you can work towards it. Most people expect perfection to come to them but never bother to work towards it. In some twisted way, this book makes me ponder about perfection.    O, Emmet cracks me up everytime..haha..
B000069HKH|5.0|This record is nothing less than Springsteen at his best.  It's like I woke up to the Boss in his heyday again.  It's hard to believe that the cataclysmic events of September 11, 2001 have channeled one of rock's greatest voices in such a mesmerizing way.  How fortunate we are that his rededication to passionate musicmaking, along with the band that helped make him famous, have coincided with an urgent need to rebuild a city.    Like a missile honing in on its target, The Rising begins with distant allusions to the event and progressively builds in verisimilitude until the ashes of Ground Zero are staring you in the face.  Intensity rises, too, as more playful tunes adroitly give way to those with dramatic fury.  I love the way images of faith infuse the record as well, giving the downcast, as Springsteen does like no other, something to hold on to when things are very black.    Clarence Clemons' saxophone has never been more uplifting, and the tunes with his solos are some of the record's catchiest.  In the last third of the album, the ballads \\"You're Missing\\", which encapsulates the unspeakable misery of a grieving family, and \\"Paradise\\", which I interpret as the reflections of a suicide bomber in the moments before his death, are stunning lyrical foils on either side of the title track; they beg us to broaden our sympathy for our fellow man and feel how even when at war, we are really one.  The album closer, \\"My City of Ruins,\\" is a rousing call to action in the form of an impassioned gospel-tinged power ballad; it's a poetic missile to my heart.
031606792X|5.0|Sure.. one downside I do agree on.. this book is A LOT to shove down our throats. Espically the fans reading it in 1-2 days tops (myself included). ADVICE: take your time, chew the chapters into pieces to understand completely before critizing it (think of characters discisions, previously learned character traits, etc), then swallow. SPOILER: The pregnancy, wolf pact, sex, almost death, power-hungry vamps, new 'super powers', and all inbetween is very overwhemling. But, I find it great that in the end, like all previous books, it is back to Bella and Edward. What we all tuned in for. That, even in times of craziness, keeps me afloat.    Before saying, \\"this isn't like the character.. this is wrong.. this is just fan fiction writen by Stephenie..how can she do this.. bablabla..\\" THINK! It's Stephenie Meyer who delivered us the best books ever. She did great on Breaking Dawn, it's just that there's so much to uncode that it may take us a little longer to realize that.
B0015XASFS|5.0|I was there at the concert. The DVD and music was amazing. I love how the entire audience was bouncing and screaming the entire time. The DVD captures the concert and the sound and vocals are amazing. I noticed they edited a few extra songs out. That's the only difference i noticed. But I have this DVD and it's my favorite out of his collection. Of course everything he sings is great. Way to go Josh. I hope he comes back to salt lake again. This is a must buy for any fan.
B0018TLRTU|5.0|If you are looking for Billy's original hits and videos you can't go wrong here. Great old videos!
031606792X|5.0|I ripped through this book in less than 24 hours.  I personally really liked it.    I have no problem with the imprinting.  It's FICTION people!  It's not a sexual thing.  Jacob will be her protector, then friend, THEN companion.  Didn't anyone pay attention in Eclipse?  As far as the pregnancy, she said that female vampires couldn't get pregnant.  She never said Bella couldn't get pregnant.   While Stephanie strayed from some vampire lore, she did follow the incubus lore.  (In the movie Blade, his character is half human half vampire.)    As far as, the happy ending, come on people Bella has suffered 2 years - she should get what she wanted.  It's a fairy tale.  Jacob got something too, he's family now, AND with imprinting, the pain of Bella is now gone.    The sexual part was very tastefully done, and I am very proud she stood by her beliefs.  I guess fans either loved it or hated it.    I cried, laughed, and felt taken away.  I've heard that Stephanie reads these reviews.  I hope her heart is not breaking.  You can't please everyone, but I feel that she was true to her characters and true to herself.  Well done.  I can't wait to ad this book to the others on my bookshelf.
031606792X|1.0|I was a huge Twilight Fan.  I waited months for this book, stood in line at B&N for hours and was exicted to get my hands on a copy.    The first few chapters went as I expected.  Then, it all went downhill and fast.    The writing is poor, the storyline didn't flow, there was no plot, the characters were flat, there were side stories that went nowhere and had no point other than to give me more pages to read, the epic battle that took 100+ pages to get to just fizzled.  Ugh.  I had to force myself to read the last 200 pages and it took me 5 hours to do so because my mind kept wandering.      I am so disappointed by the outcome of this series.  As a Twilight Fan, this book really supassed the \\"what would be the most horrible way to end the story\\" thoughts I had.      I can no longer, in good conscience, suggest this book series to anyone ever again.
031606792X|1.0|I was so excited to read this book but it was very disappointing.  Normally when books don't go the way most people wanted them to it doesn't bother me.  I mean really, this is the author's story.  With this book, however, I couldn't get past the \\"ewww\\" factor.    *Spoilers*    For one, what is up with all the sex?  Come on.  Its not that they did it, it is just that we are continually reminded that they did and they want nothing more.  The whole pregnancy thing was worse.  Just reading about it was gross and painful.  Not only did the baby need human blood, but Bella actually thoroughly enjoyed it?  Then when the baby is born it turns around and bites her (which I thought was a bit graphic for Meyer).      When I first started the series I imagined that there could only be two good endings.  Either Bella became a vampire or they both died (hence they were together regardless).  I've since changed my mind.  I would have much preferred to see Bella make the heartbreaking and painful decision to not become a vampire than to see what happened in Breaking Dawn.    Overall, I found the book to be a horrible read.  It was painful just to finish.
1400034205|4.0|This, my second exposure to Maugham's work (the first being `The Moon and Sixpence'), has been once again quite satisfactory and I may even add - delightful. True, one loses oneself in the beginning, amidst the overwhelming introduction of what seems meaningless characterization, until one realizes this is very much necessary. By laying out the nature, emotions, environment and aspirations of the characters first, the author can freely move from one actor to another without exhausting the reader.<br />Two individualities stand out in particular amidst this abundant narrative. The first one of socially challenged yet eagerly seeking the meaning of life, knowledge and the nature of God and the second, of the aristocracy, arrogant, snobbish, yet pitifully plain and bleak. The reader quickly becomes attracted to the first with its rich experiences in the far East and wealth of moral lessons. Maugham's story is full with the colors of the 1920's as flamboyance, old money and basic human nature come together to form the substance of what will become the generation of the Great Depression. A truly remarkable experience. If you like his narrative, try `The Moon and Sixpence'.<br /><br />by Simon Cleveland
031606792X|5.0|I'm kind of surprised with all the negative reviews, to be honest. I thought the characters were so rounded and well written. Of course it's going to sound different, because like the beginning quote said, Bella is leaving a kingdom where nobody dies. She \\"dies\\", so to speak, she  matures, she changed, she has a new meaning. Like Renee said, Bella was always in some ways more mature, and I think she proved this. She gave up her childish fears and learned how to become more of a woman. I think the writing also may sound a little different because Bella is different, and we are seeing through her what it really means to be a Cullen. The whole book is so tactile, visual, and just beautiful. I've already read it twice.  SM if you read this. . .  I LOVED IT. Bravo!
031606792X|5.0|Ok, so I don't understand why people are so angry about the way this ended, it's a fiction story, people GET their happy endings! from the beginning everyone wanted to see bella and edward get together, have a family, and grow vampirically old.  Getting Preggers (sorry for the spoiler) DOES make you grow up fast! It's life altering and HUGE, so of course Bella's going to come out of it differently. Look how she's protected everyone in all the other books, her FAMILY. She did the right thing when possible and she was stronger and more mature than most fictional teens you read about. I absolutely LOVED this book, i've had it for 3 days now and i've read it twice. I'm glad she ended the saga this way, THANK YOU STEPHANIE MEYERS.  If you're really angry about how the story ended, then get a pad of paper and a ink pen and write your own book! this is Mrs. Meyers story, not yours. Deal.
031606792X|1.0|i was completely upset after reading this.. as soon as bella got preggers it all went downhill..  the romance between edward and bella was completely gone!  i thought this last book would JUST be about her turning and what happens afterwards.. the baby thing took AWAY everything...  it was great that bella didnt really act like a \\"newborn\\" vampire though.  but imo it would've been a heck of alot better without the baby.  i loved that jacob \\"imprinted\\" with nessie though.. but i was hoping steph would have him and leah end up together.. it certainly seemed that way, didnt it?  jacob's pov chapters were great too but way too long.. 180 pages?  cmon!  wouldnt it have been better if the pregnancy was through bella's pov?  that would've made more sense.  anyways.. a HUGE disappointment!
B00005JPO1|4.0|okay, while normally I would agree wholeheartedly that aliens have no business whatsoever in an Indiana Jones flick, they didn't do any harm, and they didn't detract from the Indy legacy.    this one was still entertaining.    now, i love Indy, but it can't be denied any longer: Harrison is getting on in years a bit. my concern is that they (mainly those being other magic-makers NOT named Spielberg and Lucas) will later try to bring Indy back for the younger crowd, passing the torch to a new actor (Shia) as the next Indy (or as his son). i don't want to see that happen. those are shoes that noone can hope to fill.    THAT would be taking away from the Indiana Jones legacy that people have come to love. a different story line (even one with aliens) won't.    i will admit that at first i only intended to see this movie for sake of  completion (with it being the last movie and all). i didn't really expect to, but i find that i really liked this movie. now i find that even if i had not enjoyed the movie, i would have to purchase a copy for sake of completion as well (to go with the other three).    (my next step is to watch the Young Indiana Jones series and see if i like that as much.)
031606792X|4.0|I give it 4 stars because I enjoyed the emotions it brought outta me during the read. I really dont understand all these negative comments toward the author when all she did was give all the fans something.    -Jacob couldn't avoid the imprinting. Remeber before he did this he was about to kill the baby! I wonder how \\"fans\\" would've reacted towards that image.    -Bella did not intend to get pregnant! Remember there is no need for contraceptives when vampires can't impregnate. I consider this a good twist on the new vampire mythology created by Meyer. I also don't think she would've been turned into a vampire except that she was dying and it became necessary to keep the main character alive.    -People saying saying the sex scenes weren't descriptive enough need to use their imagination. Also, the complaints about Bella and Edward wanting some everytime...DUH! Newlyweds anyone? A lot of negative comments in relation to these topics clearly come from the young demographic the books attracted.    -Also, who cares about Rosalies feelings anyway, secondary character at best. I really would not have cared if she died since she was so unhappy about not having a choice in becoming a vampire. I really thought Meyer set her up in the previous books to accomplish this. That was a let down.    -Finally, the only thing I didn't like was the lack of a climactic physical battle. All the set up of who vs who and all the goodbyes and at the end, nothing! As a male reader I am so dissapointed for the lack of a fight, and so was my wife. We even agreed that to at least  balance the power of the Volturi in the world, one of the Volturis weapons had to die (Demetri, Alec or Jane), but alas nothing.       Overall I give the first 3 books A's and the last a B- for sheer size and story. I hope that if it gets to become a movie they convince her to film a battle!!! Here is to hope.
B0007TKNIS|5.0|My first experience with Phantom was the original movie long ago.  I enjoyed it then which caused me to see this version.  I must say that this version beats all the others.  Phantom keeps you spellbound the entire movie, you want him to get Christine instead of Raoul. I read where there might be a sequel and they are hopeful Gerard Butler will take up the lead role once again, I surely hope he does because it would not be Phantom without him.  It is truly a must see whether you are an opera fan or not.
031606792X|5.0|Stephenie Meyer is an amazing story teller and author.  The book is definitely not what I expected and that was great.  From one writer to an amazing writer I can really appreciate that she came up with a story so unique.  I loved this book as well as the other three.  It was the perfect ending to an amazing love story.  I read some negative reviews and thought they were crazy.  Even though it was through Bella's eyes you could see how much Edward cared for his daughter.  I realized Jacob had imprinted on Reneseme right at the end of his part of the story.  I was interesting seeing it through his eyes.  You could see how each of the characters changed.  Especially when Edward realized he could hear her.  You see the awe in both of them through Jacobs eyes, thats why he got so upset.  It was perfect that Jacob was waiting around for Bella to create a new life just for him because they were truly best friends.  I liked the friendship that formed between Edward and Jacob.  The story was amazing.  Of course I would love for there to be more Edward and Bella but it ended so beautifully.  I loved all the different twists in the story.  You never knew where it was going.  I wanted to cry when Bella really thought she was going to die.  Amazing.  I loved it.  Thank you so much Stephenie Meyer, these books were the perfect way to chill out before starting college.  I could say so much more but I am going to stop.  AWESOME BOOK!
031606792X|5.0|This book was the best in the series in my opinion. Perfect ending to a perfect series!!!
031606792X|1.0|... would have been a better title in my opinion.       SPOILERS AFTER THIS POINT! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!    Beware, this is a review full of personal opinions.    Over the course of the last three novels in the Twilight Saga, we have been introduced to Bella, a rather pretty girl who is taken from her Phoenix home and dropped into the mystery and intrigue of the ever rainy Forks.     I have never been able to get into the books. Bella has always felt rather brain- and spineless to me, Edward like an idealized hero and their \\"love\\" like a dangerously-close-to-abusive dependent relationship. Honesty, maturity and emotional closeness (apart from the ubiquitous \\"I love you\\") have been missing for me. I soldiered on through all three novels since I actually wanted to be able to drop in my two cents at dinner, but I grew more and more disappointed at the lack of development and personality in the series' heroine.    Breaking Dawn started out as New Moon ended, with a happy, exuberant feeling. Every girl's dream wedding has taken place and it's off for the honeymoon.    A few complications from the first time they make love result in Bella begging Edward for sex. Moreover, that sex seems to be the only reason she would want to stay human. I thought I had left reading the book behind and had dropped to somewhere in the Twilight Zone, but eventually Edward caves in, and more horizontal gymnastics ensue, complete with mysterious dreams about a child, which turn out to not be confined to the dreamscape after all.    I really didn't get past Bella's exultation at the news that she was pregnant. As someone who is preparing to go to college (and writing her OWN applications, thank you very much! I like having a brain of my own!) I just sat there staring at the page for close to ten minutes. \\"My heart had grown, swollen to twice its size...\\" and I was expecting something like \\"and I felt like I was going to faint any moment. What about my plans? My future?\\" Instead, you get happywaffling.     I know I'm maybe a little too immature here (but hey, I'm the target demographic!) but for me, having a child at my age would mean the end of the world as I know it. It would pretty much ruin everything I have worked hard for. SM seems to think the most important thing in life is marriage, a beautiful husband, a kid (which you get after only a month of pregnancy, angsty though that month may be) and cottage of your own. This reminds me of the song \\"Somewhere that's green\\" from Little Shop of Horrors, but while that song is satirical, Breaking Dawn means it. For me, this book utterly sank at this point.     Anyway, once the pregnancy-scare-that-isn't is over we have the predictable conversion scene, once again complete with angsting all around. What really struck me was that even though Bella had tons of other things to be worried about, like the possibility of being a danger to humans even though she's got supreme control, or not being a good mother to her baby (which skips all the annoying first development stages and just starts walking and talking a few chapters after its conception), or a psycho werewolf imprinting on a baby, or injuring a third party she is worried about not having good sex anymore.     The final confrontation with the Volturi goes off without a hitch, and to me read little more than lukewarm. The intense feelings the old vampires incited in even a sceptic like me are not rekindled, instead, the scene reads like the n-th rehearsal of a movie script where the actors have already become tired.     One miraculous save later, all is prepared for the happy ending, which of course comes in spades. I normally like happy endings, even when they're sweet to the point of being overly saccharinely happy, but Breaking Dawn just left a stale taste in my mouth. The most important thing I took away from this book was the message that utter subservience (she doesn't even voice her opinion about keeping her child to her husband who wants her to get rid of the risk to her health) and eternal devotion to your husband will make everything turn out alright. Forget developing as a person, forget having your own personality, life or future. A Fifties housewife, that is what you should aspire to be.    I think this message is somewhat dangerous for other teenagers. I have read a lot, and through discussions am somewhat able to place my reactions to this book, but I still teeter between outrage and acceptance. Accepting an unequal relationship- is that really what we female teens are supposed to learn?
031606792X|5.0|I was shocked to see this book was only at 3 stars - so when I looked at the reviews and see all the 1 stars weighing it down - with completely twisted and/or lame logic to their disappointments, I had to take a sec and vote - YES!    ***spoiler alert***    How can it be a bad message for young girls to have a happy ending?!  And how in the heck can they say she had it handed to her?  Hello??!  They must have skipped the part where she pretty much died - again. We may not know a whole lot about Bella's \\"hobbies\\" (as some people complain about), but we know that she is willing to sacrifice for those she loves.  And, this time was the deepest and the most riveting.     I LOVED the way this story just took off in a totally different direction than I was expecting. I thought it was amazing the way S.M. wove the things that happened into this story.  Loved how we had Jacob's point of view for a while.  So cool that Edward HAD to make her a vampire, or she would be dead. I'm GLAD we didn't have to go through a bunch of angst and remorse over her \\"choice\\" to become one, as some of those 1-star people were looking forward to.  There were much bigger and better things going on for pete's sake!  And let me say I'm doubly glad we didn't have more Jacob angst, as some 1-stars were hoping for.  Enough of that already.    And for those looking for a \\"message\\" - there are PLENTY of great messages in this story - AS LONG AS IT DOESN'T HAVE TO BE \\"life sucks and then you die.\\"  (ha ha Jake)    How 'bout - we all have greater potential than we realize, just like Bella?    How 'bout - never give up?    How 'bout - love and family really are the things worth fighting for in life?    How 'bout - the good guys really can and do win?    How 'bout - Bella and Alice save the day? (Now there's a \\"women are weak\\" message for you -  as the 1-stars are touting)   How 'bout - there really is someone out there for everyone - if we're honest, we all believe that - and that is a GOOD thing - not a\\"women are weak\\" conspiracy.  How 'bout - selflessness is possibly the greatest virtue?    For me, the real sign of Stehenie M.'s gift as a writer is that I - and lot's of other people - truly love Bella, and Edward, and Jake, and Alice, etc.  It feels like they're out there somewhere.  And I am SO GLAD THEY'RE OK!!!
031606792X|5.0|I have to say breaking dawn was amazing and brilliant! Whats up with all these one star reviews?!?!   I thought this book's plot was perfect, tying up everything together. It made me cry, laugh, and experience every emotion out there! There was an unbelievable feeling seeing all the characters evolve and grow, it just made you love them more. Stephenie Meyer did such an amazing job with Breaking Dawn, i never expected the story to move in that direction, but i think this was a beautiful ending to a magnificent saga. I wish it didn't have to end.
B0010V4TZU|4.0|While the songs may remind you of other great artists (Talking Heads, Police, Paul Simon) don't rate them as if they intend to replace them.  Although their sound is familiar in that respect, it is so refreshing in 2008.  When all one hears on the radio is the moody, sulky, mascara and tatted Emo, it is time to embrace what VW has given us...a fun summer album.  I bought this in March and tried not to play it until the summer, but could not help myself.  To me \\"A-punk\\", \\"Oxford Comma\\", and \\"Cape Cod Kwassa Kwassa\\" are the standouts with \\"The Kids Don't Stand a Chance\\" as my sleeper of the album that seems to get better with each play.      ...for another opinion:  my wife doesn't like most of the songs because there are too many instruments.      I could safely say this is a contender for a best of '08 list.
159562015X|5.0|I did the Strengths Finder for work and then asked my family if they wanted to do it too.  We bought four books and all took the test.  It revealed some new information not already covered by Meyers-Briggs, Enneagram, and other systems we've taken and analyzed extensively.  SF2 correlated a bit with Meyers-Briggs but explained some things in new ways.  Although it would be nice if people automatically gave each other the benefit of the doubt, these systems help explain and legitimize coworkers' and family members' apparent quirks and hang ups, showing the rest of us how these things can be beneficial to teamwork and efficient functioning.  Fun concept.  Quick read.  The blurbs about each strength are general in the book but tailored to you in light of your other strengths when you get the online results.  So my advice is read just the introductory sections of the book and wait to read the descriptions of your strengths online after you take the online test.
B000000W5N|5.0|Sticky Fingers is a landmark Stones recording, rivaled and perhaps surpassed, only by Let It Bleed. Mick Jagger's performance on Sticky Fingers was a perfect rock'n'roll 10. Great album.
B000002U82|5.0|I've always liked Pink Floyd, but I owned only \\"The Wall.\\"  I bought \\"The Dark Side of Moon\\" to remind myself of the earlier sounds, many of which made it into \\"The Wall,\\" but some of which are just unique, like the creative instrumentals in \\"On the Run\\" and \\"Time\\" and the great use of a female vocalist in \\"The Great Gig in the Sky.\\"  And \\"Money\\" is probably the earliest memory I have of Pink Floyd on the radio when I was a preteen!
B00136Q41Y|1.0|This album really sucks. Those songs are horrible. Dickinson just repeats every chorus over and over. In Wicker man, the chorus is \\"your time will come\\"...repeated 4 times in a row, with horrible guitar in the background. Then you actually get a chorus where he says it EIGHT times in a row. \\"Brave new world\\"? Same thing...\\"in a brave new world\\" repeated 4 times is the chorus...and once again, for good measure you get a chorus where he repeats it EIGHT times. \\"We're blood brothers\\"...well take a guess what the chorus consists of. Yup, were blood brothers repeated 4 times. Beyond the painful choruses , the rest of the song is bad as well. Very weak guitars, and not at all catchy or headbanging music. I mean, this album just really sucks. LIsten to the track \\"The Magician\\" by Dickinson or \\"Wasted Years\\", to hear good Maiden.
031606792X|5.0|I loved Breaking Dawn. Yes, there were some things that threw me for a minute or two. But ultimately, Stephanie Meyer wrote another great book! The readers that don't like the book likely had preconceived ideas about what they WANTED to happen. Ultimately, it's about what the writer intended. Yes, I'm glad there's a happy ending. I LOVED Jacob, but knew that Bella would choose Edward. I'm THRILLED that Jacob received his happy ending as well. After re-reading the books - I'm not sure it could have ended any other way.
031606792X|5.0|Wrapping up all of the loose ends of the Twilight series would not have been a task that I would have willed onto myself. Yet, every obsessed and irrationally devoted fan, myself in that category, expected Stephenie Meyer to do this with minimum surprises. We all predicted what we foresaw in the final installment in the Twilight series, allowing our minds to deal with every imperfection that we dreamed up. We dealt with the loose ends because our minds did not come up with perfect ways to explain the unexplainables.<br /><br />Stephenie Meyer did. Perhaps she was planning this ending all along, or she sat up endless nights concocting, not the most acceptable, but the most ideal conclusion for her bestselling saga. This idealness was not in the minds of her fans, but in her characters'.<br /><br />The fact that Bella had a baby girl, a daughter that her best friend Jacob imprinted on was THE way to explain the books. It made Bella's infatuation with Jacob after Edward returned in New Moon fathomable. She needed him around so that her unborn daughter's destiny would be fulfilled. And, although her pregnancy was possibly the most unexpected situation that could have occured within the minds of the Twilight fandom, it was right. And, by the way, as a sixteen year old girl, I do not feel the sudden need to run out and become pregnant, although some readers believe that this is the first action that a person my age will take after reading Breaking Dawn.<br /><br />Now, I was undecided about the novel after the first read. The surprise, the shock and the fact that my body was running on two hours of sleep until I finished the 754 pages of the book were certainly factors in my lack of confidence in Stephenie Meyer. Yet, minutes ago I finished the book again, and I am absolutely convinced that this ending that all are screaming about was the most solid ending that Meyer could give her books.<br /><br />So my advice is to read this book again before passing judgement. Read it from a perspective that is incapable of being surprised. Savor the humor and romance that we all loved in the last three installments. You will be surprised.<br /><br />I love this book, but I am not saying that it is without flaw, despite my five star rating. The thing that propelled me the most to read the series was the scenes of Edward and Bella in solitude; the span of pages where nothing happened but conversation and passion from the two soulmates. These scenes were almost nonapparent in Breaking Dawn; there was simply so much plot for one book that something so uneventful would be able to take up space. I truly missed Edward in this book, although his name was apparent on almost every page.<br /><br />The first time through, the book is too weird to be beautiful. However, after the second read, at least for me, it became gratifying. Stephenie Meyer was ultimately successful in wrapping up her series without being too corny, the main complaint within these reviews. She did not ruin the book, and I will not burn it OR return it.<br /><br />Meyer concluded the series as best as was possible, and I think that all that happened simply needed to happen. Besides, the last two and a half pages, where Edward is able to read Bella's mind, is the most undeniably incredible and perfect ending to the series.capable of being surprised. Savor the humor and romance that we all loved in the last three installments. You will be surprised.    I love this book, but I am not saying that it is without flaw, despite my five star rating. The thing that propelled me the most to read the series was the scenes of Edward and Bella in solitude; the span of pages where nothing happened but conversation and passion from the two soulmates. These scenes were almost nonapparent in Breaking Dawn; there was simply so much plot for one book that something so uneventful would be able to take up space. I truly missed Edward in this book, although his name was apparent on almost every page.     The first time through, the book is too weird to be beautiful. However, after the second read, at least for me, it became gratifying. Stephenie Meyer was ultimately successful in wrapping up her series without being too corny, the main complaint within these reviews. She did not ruin the book, and I will not burn it OR return it.     Meyer concluded the series as best as was possible, and I think that all that happened simply needed to happen. Besides, the last two and a half pages, where Edward is able to read Bella's mind, is the most undeniably incredible and perfect ending to the series.
031606792X|5.0|What a wonderful way to end the series! Stephanie Meyer gave us a story of love and of peace that is so needed in this sad world of ours.  I find myself wanting to re-read scenes like the wedding where Edward shows Bella her beautiful reflection, the honeymoon morning after scenes where Edward is so concerned for Bella's welfare, the scene where he saves her life, and the happy ending!  How refreshing to not have 'the big battle' and give the reader hope for peace.  I'm looking so forward to Midnight Sun and I really hope they make all the books into movies.  Thank you Stephanie Meyer.  I loved the whole Twilight series!
031606792X|5.0|I enjoyed the book.    I did get frustrated at points, but I think we're supposed to.  We're not meant to always agree with the characters or support them.  We're not them!    I do wish there would have been a bit more action (ending battle with Volturi) and a bit more sacrificing. But at the same time my life is filled with reality and hardships and it can be nice to be in a \\"world\\" where life works out for everybody and just enjoy escaping for a while.    It's fantasy and fiction, settle down everyone.
B001CXW8CW|3.0|Its been a long time since I was so disappointed in the movie vs. the hype.  Yeah, yeah, the explosions are great, the special effects very well done, and the acting...well...it's competent but it ain't Oscar material. This film is about ONE HOUR TOO LONG for openers. The plot is sheer chaos (I defy anyone to lay it out logically), and the \\"message\\" is sophomoric and about as subtle as a hippopotamus at a cocktail party wearing a church bell around his neck. This isn't a movie, it's a good comic book. Bring a pillow for your [...] and be prepared to be bludgeoned to death with the same message, over and over and over and over. Check it out from the library, don't bother to buy it, you'll never watch it more than once.
0810993139|4.0|If there was an \\"IT\\" book of 2008 in the school where I teach 5th grade, forget about Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows; it had to be Jeff Kinney's Diary of a Wimpy Kid. Book orders could not send copies fast enough. Book stores could not restock their shelves quickly enough. Everywhere I turned I was met by a student with his or her nose buried in its pages. So naturally, I had to see what all the fuss was about.<br /><br />Greg Heffley is your everyday, run-of-the-mill, middle school \\"wimp\\". Sure, someday he's going to amount to something big, but for now, he's \\"stuck in middle school with a bunch of morons.\\" Greg's journal, not \\"diary\\", but \\"journal\\", takes us through the hilarious events that make up Greg's days in his first year of middle school. Lucky for us, whether it's avoiding his older brother Rodrick, or abusing his best friend Rowley, Greg's days are never short on laughs.<br /><br />I can't remember the last time I laughed this hard when reading a book. There are laughs on every page, literally. Greg's mudslinging student council posters, Greg and Rowley's failed attempt at a haunted house, the students' wrestling unit in PE (\\"muscles are gross\\"), and Christmas time at the Heffley home. Situations like these that Greg finds himself in are comical enough, but it's his voice and commentary that sets this book apart. Jeff Kinney has cleverly captured the inner workings of a middle school student, and because of this book's popularity, it's obvious that students connect with Greg.<br /><br />However, that's also what scares me about this book. I'm afraid that Kinney is too smart for his own good and without realizing it, has created a lovable character that advocates laziness and using your best friend for his family's money and his video games. Beneath all the laughs, Greg is a deceitful, selfish, jerk of a boy and the fact that students relate to him so easily doesn't sit well with me. I admit, I laughed hysterically at Kinney's tongue-in-cheek irony, but I'm an adult. I can tell the difference between Greg the character being serious and Jeff the author being sarcastic. I'm not so sure all the kids reading this will be able to.<br /><br />I'm torn though. This book is funny and relevant and I guess if children are excited about reading it, then who am I to complain. Any time children WANT to read, it's a good thing, and I commend Kinney for this. He's discovered a great medium to tell his stories. The pictures only add to the humor and the journal format makes for an easy read. I think most of my students would be able to distinguish between Greg's selfish behavior and acceptable, respectful behavior, and if they don't, eh . . . kids will be kids. Either way, I have a feeling that Kinney is going to be around for a while. I may be better off enjoying the laughs.tell the difference between Greg the character being serious and Jeff the author being sarcastic. I'm not so sure all the kids reading this will be able to.    I'm torn though. This book is funny and relevant and I guess if children are excited about reading it, then who am I to complain. Any time children WANT to read, it's a good thing, and I commend Kinney for this. He's discovered a great medium to tell his stories. The pictures only add to the humor and the journal format makes for an easy read. I think most of my students would be able to distinguish between Greg's selfish behavior and acceptable, respectful behavior, and if they don't, eh . . . kids will be kids. Either way, I have a feeling that Kinney is going to be around for a while. I may be better off enjoying the laughs.
031606792X|2.0|WARNING! A FEW SPOILERS!!!    I'm a teetering fan. Which means I read the books for fun and own some but I also criticize it for its plot and how the author places too much importance on looks. And it also means I have no qualms with reading spoilers.    When I read them, I found it hard to believe. Seriously? Jacob imprinting on a baby? Edward even having the ability to be inpregnate a human? Bella turning into a invinsible newborn who somehow doesn't thirst for blood? Nessie?    It all sounded like bad fanfiction.    But then I thought about it and realized it's just what Stephenie's capable of doing. From day one, Bella was a Mary-Sue like heroine with her true love (the impossibly hot and perfect) Edward. Bella is not an ordinary girl. No matter how much Stephenie emphasizes it, she is not ordinary. And Edward is just an overprotective living Ken doll.    I have not yet read the book but I am ordering it anyways. Being a teetering fan means I'm free from the feelings of dissapointment and anger many fans are experiencing and I am able to laugh and enjoy the ride.    But let's just hope there's no more flowery speeches about love or long descriptions of Edward's gorgeousness. Which I'm assuming will be there anyways in great quantities.
0452289963|5.0|Eckhart Tolle's A NEW EARTH is both a spiritual lift and a mental jog. We miss too much in this life when we are not aware of transcending the ego and living more fully. Thanks for making it available on the Internet.
0385340990|5.0|Well, because I rarely read fiction, I am both surprised and delighted to give this volume 5 stars!  I normally would not have bought it, but I had just arrived home from a trip that included Guernsey and was enchanted by the island.  (I just wish that the book had been published before my visit, because I would have looked at Guernsey with quite different eyes, considering more the historical and imaginary facets pertaining thereto.)<br /><br />Written as a series of letters all dated in 1946, the protagonist Juliet--a 33-year-old literary wit living alone in London--begins an unlikely correspondence with an obscure book club in the English Channel, recovering from their Nazi occupation during WW II.  She hopes to use their input as material for an article or a book, and so she coaxes from a motley crew their remarkable stories hewn from an infamous time in history.  Juliet's humor and angst sparkle, as does her compassion.  Without giving the story away, I will say that her collection of letters is endearing and finally call her to move to Guernsey, where the plot thickens.  There is a romantic interest or two, a witch, a gay editor, a child, a heroine who died in a concentration camp, much discussion about books and reading, a village shrew, and so forth.  I couldn't put it down!  My only carps about the book are that it ended rather predictably but abruptly, out of pace with the rest of the book, and that there was no recipe included for a potato peel pie . . .
031606792X|5.0|I loved it! Everything works out the way I would have done it myself, almost all the loose strings are tied off.  I felt closure, and I got an emotional roller-coaster ride on the way there.  You people who are upset because you think everything worked out too perfectly and that's not realistic; if you're looking for realism what are you doing reading a book about vampires and warewolves, excuse me, shape shifters?  Isn't real life depressing enough that you want to read stuff that makes you more depressed? I would rather read something that is uplifting, like this book.  Good job Stephenie Meyer.  The only thing that bugs me is, what happens to Leah?
B0019IB26I|5.0|Great concept live album with mixture of acoustic, trio and rock.  Mayer is a grand musician.
031606792X|5.0|I thought it was wonderfully imaginitive and surprising.  I was riveted all the way through the first time and now i'm re-reading it to soak in the details.  I think that many of us have lost sight of the fact that this story teaches us that love is the best thing out there and it was imaginatively done.  I love how it ended and hope that maybe we'll see a Renesmee story coming in the future.  There are still a few loose ends not tied up here...
B0002J4ZWS|5.0|This movie is a classic.  The special edition gives interviews with the actors and little known information about the making of the screen-play and film.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn was... WOW!  It was simply amazing!   Stephenie really pulled through on this.  And for crying out loud!  Its a fantasy book!  Its meant to be tied up in a neat little bow at the end!  You read fantasy books to escape your own reality,  and enter a world that is not at all possible,  but you wish it were, and wish for a happy ending just like it.  If you want to read a realistic book that leaves you with the harsh sacrifice and pain in life, Go read Romeo and Juliet!  I love Shakespeare,  but the Twilight saga was never meant to end in despair and pain beacause of what is lost. There was always going to be a happy ending, and I loved it. And teenagers arn't as easily influenced and naive as everyone seems to think! I should know,  I'm 15.  I'm not stupid enough to think that life ends in a neat little bow all tied to perfection and ending with un-tainted happiness.  There is always pain and loss and sacrifice, especially when it comes to love.I know that. And so do other teens. But i think the message is that if you keep fighting, foghting for what you love and what you believe,  that it still can turn out ok. It may not be perfect like in the book, but you can get through it, and be ok and make it through in the end. Bella fought tooth and nail to get her happy ending, and she deserved it! She went through pain and loss and we felt all of that with her. Which I believe was Stephenies main goal. To feel what her characters felt. To get to know them like she did, and fall in love with them.   And were also not going to read the book and decide \\"hey, I just read this really awesome vampire book, and the girl got married at 18 and got pregnant! I think im gonna go try it and see if it works out for me like it did for the girl in this FANTASY book! Screw college! Im gonna get knocked up and married at 18!\\" please! Were not complete idiots! Give us some credit... Anyways, my point? The book was amazing. The saga was amazing. Stephenie is amazing. She managed to draw us into the books, and bring us into her world, and make us feel like it was real. We knew her characters, and fell in love with them. And we knew her world, and wished it was real. We laughed, loved, cried, and agonised over every small detail, every thought, every chapter, and with every character. And to me, that is simply amazing. Simply brilliant.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage it is one of the greates bands of the 90s and on this album they prove it! It starts with Testify which is a really good song, and just keeps getting better and better, you just wanna keep listening to it over and over again, I totally recommend it!! for an excellent price it is a must have!!
031606792X|4.0|Ok, I'm breaking from my past reviews of these books and giving this a 4. While I was the older woman/mom at the midnight release who am I kidding? I wanted to read it as bad as the teenagers around me. So I grab it go home and start reading. I was enthralled. We got to see the wedding! I was so worried that something would happen then there would be no wedding, no turning and no happily ever after.  I'm glad to be disappointed in that regard.    My only complaint and the reason it gets 4 instead of 5 stars is (spoiler): the whole Jacob section. That part just dragged on and on for me. I get it. He is concerned for Bella. Everyone is but do we have to read over and over of his running the perimeter, running back inside the house to see if Bella is ok, playing the conflicted Alph, and then starting over again? I mean that grew very old very quick to me. Luckily there wasn't enough substance that a good speed reading couldn't take care of. My other complaint - why the heck did we have to wait until the end of the book to learn what Bella's 2nd or \\"after\\" car was? That about drove me nuts.    I read a lot of the 1 star reviews and I'm curious if these same people gave the Harry Potter Book 7 a 1 star also? Its what we all want: true love, a happy family, a blissful future. That is the wonderful thing about reading as it can take you to a place that you dream of, that you haven't visited before. I for one am happy with how it ended. I think any other ending would have disappointed because secretly inside that is what we want.
031606792X|2.0|I think they should have just kept this series as a trilogy.. the fourth book was very disappointing.. how is it that Bella got everything she wanted with barely any trouble (ok ok she went through some pain.. but still!)..
B00004R7X5|4.0|The Scheherezade is still one of my favorite pieces - easy to listen to and it keeps your interest.  It has more brass than a lot of classical pieces, and a catchy violin theme.    Capriccio Italien bounces around the same way Scheherezade does, with a lot of nice melodies and a constantly changing tempo.  Well executed and conducted, this piece makes me smile every time I hear it.    Now, the stinker: the choir for the Ouverture Solennelle does a deplorable job.  Anyone who praises this CD and doesn't mention this clearly has not actually listened to it.  The orchestra is masterful as always, but the brass players are clearly out of their league near the finale.  A fart covers up roses every time.
031606792X|5.0|Loved every minute! And I consider myself pro woman and pro education and yet I had no problems with this fabulous ending!  Loved all the complexities and ways things fit together.  I got everything I wanted in ways I didn't expect.  I, too, love happy endings.  I think the people who were disapointed forgot that the author has the right to end this in her way, not the way we individually think would have been best.
B0015DYIH2|4.0|I found the latest installment in the Twilight saga to be quite entertaining. At times, I was frustrated as to where the story was seemingly heading. Other times, I found myself to be completely engaged in the characters. More than not, I had to remind myself that it was just a fairy tale and that the seemingly unbelievable could be believed in such a setting.    Breaking Dawn was much different then the other [[ASIN:0316033413 Twilight Collector's Edition (The Twilight Saga)]] by Stephenie Myers. I did find it somewhat disappointing that Myers didn't offer readers the same intimacy with Edward and Bella as we have been used to in previous books. For many of us, things and events that we were hoping for were left hanging, at times. I would have preferred Myers to have spent more time in the heads of her beloved characters' so that we could know what they were thinking during those moments. I won't get into more detail to avoid giving away any spoilers.     I found the storyline to be quite different from what I expected. I am very surprised that there wasn't more action in the book. Again, this is based on what I was used to from previous books. However, that doesn't mean that what did happen was any less page turning. There were times that I wanted to rewrite scenes to fit my own agenda but that would, ultimately, take the fun out of reading the book in the first place.    Finally, as usual, I found myself emotionally exhausted at the end of the book. For me, I use that measure as a tool to determine if a story is worth telling a friend about. And so, I will continue to talk about the Twilight series.     If I were a parent of children under the age of 15, I would have concerns about them reading this book. The sexuality in it is more explicit then the others but still not so much that can't be discussed between parent and child. The plus side is that Myers continues to use appropriate language and such for young readers.     I applaud Myers for her story and thankher for sharing it and her characters with the rest of the world.
B00065GX64|5.0|Criterion has done it right again by presenting \\"M\\" the classic Fritz Lang masterpiece film in an outstanding 2 disc collection. This edition is worth owning in your film library. I enjoyed the bonuses especially the Fritz Lang interview along with the informative film commentary. This was Lang's first sound film. Let's not forget Peter Lorre's groundbreaking role as Beckert, the child killer. This edition is a must have!!!
031606792X|5.0|The entire book and especially the ending was not what I would have expected after reading the previous books, but I definitely enjoyed this one the most. It had a more mature feel to it and the most perfect ending for all of the characters involved without it seeming forced or unbelievable. And, even though I'm definitely Team Edward all the way, I love Jacob, too, so I'm glad that the ending has been left open so that he and Renesmee can have a story.
031606792X|5.0|I loved Breaking Dawn - true, it wrapped up rather neatly on the surface, but I found it to be incredibly intense and suspenseful.  I guess everyone wanted a bloodbath with a major death toll but I thought that the twists and turns that led up to the final confrontation (and the twists and turns of said confrontation) were more masterful and gripping than the fighting and loss that most of you were banking on.    Seriously, if you've read the other three you'll at least be riveted.  The other bonus is that, especially with Alice's discovery at the end, the doors are WIDE OPEN for an entirely new saga following Renesmee!    If you won't be happy with anything less than a dismal and hopeless ending you won't like Breaking Dawn.  If you can hang with a happy ending and you love the rest of the saga, you'll be as amazed as I was.
031606792X|5.0|What I loved most about his book was that it was not like the others in the series. Bella and Edwards love grew so much; it became something more than talk and dialog. They showed us their unconditional love for each other through their pain, desperation, and devotion to their family and friends. Well done Stephenie Meyer, there is a real depth to this book which shows the maturity of the characters and how far they have come in a short period of time. I defiantly recommend this book!
031606792X|5.0|For all the people who dislike Breaking Dawn because everyone is happy in the end - get over it, people.  It's a story, for crying out loud.  If I wanted a depressing ending, I would watch the news.    *Spoiler Warning*    I personally loved Breaking Dawn.  I read it twice within a 48-hr period, because I was so desperate to find out what happened in the end that I needed to go back to enjoy the beautiful description and fleshed-out character conflicts.  I loved how during Bella's pregnancy, you could see several completely different viewpoints (Bella's, Edward's, and Jacob's) of the same situation.      I don't think it seems contrived that she was able to get pregnant; the explanation makes sense to me.  I don't think that it's creepy that Jacob imprinted on Renesmee; we've already gone over the fact that imprinting is not about romantic love, and Jacob says it himself, \\"It's not like that.\\"  I was thrilled that it happened, so that the Cullens and werewolves wouldn't rip each other to shreds and Jacob could still be friends with Bella.  And as far as the whole getting-married-and-pregnant-young message is concerned, didn't Bella freak out about not wanting to get married all throughout New Moon and Eclipse?  Can't we give her a break, or are we going to have the attitude she was so fearful of, the \\"Oh, you're THAT kind of girl\\" attitude?  Because, face it people, this isn't real life.  This is a story.  You shouldn't base your life decisions on it.  If you all were willing to let Bella become a vampire at age 18, I don't see how getting married and having a baby is any more of a commitment and responsibility than that.    I really enjoyed Breaking Dawn, I think that Stephenie Meyer is a fabulous author, and I hope that people can enjoy the last book in the Twilight Saga without being nitpicky.
0446619078|5.0|If you haven't read the books that precede this one in the Harry Bosch series, I strongly urge you to stop reading this review and any others about The Last Coyote and go back to The Black Echo and work forward in order the books were published. You'll miss a lot of the character development that makes this such a special book unless you've seen a lot of Harry at work before he takes on this case while suspended for stress leave.<br /><br />As this book opens, Harry is receiving \\"counseling\\" after attacking his superior officer. Harry finds this to be like listening to fingernail scratches on a chalkboard. He's also having house problems: His stilt-based house with a great view has been condemned by the city after the big earthquake. The earthquake also shook his girlfriend so much that she left town.<br /><br />Frustrated that he can't work, Harry decides to take a look at the file on his mother's death. From there, he begins to work the case. It's a tremendous opportunity for readers to understand Harry's youthful years much better. As you might expect, not all things are as they seemed at the time of the murder. Uncovering the truth is difficult and painful. But in the end, justice is done.<br /><br />One of the beauties of this book is how much it shows about a range of emotions and motives that people employ to look out for themselves. In a way, Harry is an aficionado of depravity, it's part of being human. It's just that he has to stop it when it goes too far . . . or arrange for justice when the eggs cannot be unscrambled any more.<br /><br />I don't recall a more bittersweet story in this series. You'll be thinking at the end: What if?
031606792X|1.0|There's nothing more to add to this list of negative reviews that explains exactly what I feel for the book, except that I'm never going to read a young adult book ever again. I was introduced to this genre by Meyer's Twilight, thinking that at last I have found something dedicated to people of my age that truly interested me. I read Twilight, New Moon and Eclipse in Spanish (my first language) and English; I gave these books as gifts to everyone I knew and held furious debates with the people who tried to compare them with Harry Potter (different theme & genre, how difficult is that to understand?). For me these books were NOT the best books in history, written by Shakespeare II, they were simply a trilogy that I had learned to love and a writer that I had learned to respect for her purity. But when she began to become as the \\"other\\" writers, selling Twilight shirts, Jacob bracelets, Eclipse special editions (as if this book was 10 years old and winner of the Nobel Prize of Literature) & selling her book to anyone in the Film Industry, she was lost for me , everything that I respected about her and the world she had created simply disappeared.<br />I am not impressed that Breaking Dawn is such a mediocre book compared to the others because it belongs to another stage of Stephenie Meyer's career (the one after Twilight trilogy's success and The Host's good impression). I don't think she still remembered exactly what she felt for these books when she wrote Breaking Dawn: her new fame, her many duties as a writer combined with her mother obligations are too many to keep someone's head clear and calmed.<br />As a conclusion, it is not her entire fault but I no longer care to defend these books and to read the others she have planned. For me Breaking Dawn is an alien and it can not possibly relate to the others: the dialogs are immature, too simple, as if she was writing a script instead of a book; the descriptions are barely descriptions, she says a lot and at the same time nothing and the story's pace feels like she was rushing through all the book to a happy ending and trying to rid herself  of this world to finally pursue her other projects.<br />I'm happy there are fans satisfied with this book and I respect their opinions towards Breaking Dawn, as I hope they can be respectful of our own opinions.<br />Finally, I only wish Stephenie Meyer all the luck in the world and thank her for writing Twilight, New Moon & Eclipse but good bye Ms. Meyer, our relation ends here.thing and the story's pace feels like she was rushing through all the book to a happy ending and trying to rid herself  of this world to finally pursue her other projects.  I'm happy there are fans satisfied with this book and I respect their opinions towards Breaking Dawn, as I hope they can be respectful of our own opinions.  Finally, I only wish Stephenie Meyer all the luck in the world and thank her for writing Twilight, New Moon & Eclipse but good bye Ms. Meyer, our relation ends here.
140130916X|2.0|The prelude to this story had such an amazing idea- such a wonderful thought!  A young married- so in love- couple finds out the husband is dying and will be gone within months.  We quickly learn how they met, how and why the fell in love... and then he dies.  Within days of his funeral the wife receives a package- it is from her husband.  Once per month over the course of one year, she consistently receives surprise packages or letters from her dead husband, helping her to cope iwth him missing and lists of things to do to get on with her life.<br />This could have been such an amazing story!  The idea of a man planning this for her was so romantic!<br />But Cecelia Ahern disappointed me.  I just could not connect with the main character.  I didn't FEEL like I had missed out on a life and love so amazing.  I didn't believe they were truly in love, nor did I enjoy most of the letters.  If my husband had died untimely an dI had to wait month after month for a letter, I would hope to receive more than one line from him telling to go and buy a lamp, or a new dress.  How about listing a great memory of us together?  How about how much he loves my smile?  How about describing our unborn children?  How about explaining what our life together could have been like?  You have to live through it to let it go sometimes.<br />I just wanted more.  It had so much potential.  The premise of the story was fantastic- it was just lacking that certain \\"something\\" that makes a story special.  \\"PS I Love You\\" was a huge disappointment.<br />If you did happen to enjoy it, try \\"Catch & Release\\" on DVD.  That movie I've seen 3 times and enjoyed it very much!
031606792X|5.0|DO NOT LISTEN TO THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS!!!!!!!!!! This is a VERY great book!! My favorite out of the entire series!! I stayed up until 4:00 AM reading it!! Yes it was a little confusing when it switched to Jacob's perseptive but I liked how it showed his outlook on everything!! :-]    I can't wait until 'Midnight Sun' comes out!! SM did a AMAZING job writing this book, so critics lay off!!!     I strongly reccommend this book!!!!!!! :-]
031606792X|5.0|I thought this book tied the story up very well.  For those complaining that the ending is unrealistic and too happy, they should remember that this is a book about vampires.  Nothing is very realistic!
B0017MO10U|5.0|Simply put the movie was GREAT.  If you liked episodes such as, \\"There But For The Grace of God,\\" \\"1969,\\" and \\"Lost City\\" than you will love this.  Also the music in the movie was Superb.  Long Live Stargate.
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|I listened but nothing really grabbed me, musically or lyrically.    Found \\"Yes\\" to be the best track, this one at got my attention at least.    Overall good music and Coldplay fans should like it.
031606792X|5.0|I found that the book was a little out there, but it is fiction. I found myself experiencing every emotion possible while reading this fantastic book. I won't spoil the ending but it's everything I could have hoped for and more.
031606792X|1.0|The Twilight series was such a magical powerful series.  I read them each three times waiting for Breaking Dawn to come out.  I stood in line at midnight and got my book.  I pulled an all nighter to finish it, I was so excited.  Big disappointment, not only the book but losing so much sleep reading it.  Now, I am going to have to stand in line AGAIN to return it. It was way too long, random things just thrown in that did not go with the story, no drama and it left me with more questions and I really hope she decides to re-write it.  All I can say is PLEASE do not make a movie out of this.
031606792X|3.0|Before starting this book, I decided to keep an open mind because there were so many ways this story could go. I am SO glad I did because this story was far more bazaar than I imagined. I can't say I hated it, I can't say I loved it. There are parts that I thought were perfect - I thought Bella's 'power' was perfect. I also enjoyed Jacob's point of view. There were parts that I don't care for - Nessie mostly. I can say that I found this book to be very entertaining but only because it was constantly moving and of all the strange things that happens that you don't expect.    Personally I think this series ends with 'Eclipse' - the characters in this one just didn't feel the same to me as they did in all the other books.
031606792X|1.0|I've been following the Twilight series (sorry, \\"saga\\") for about two years now, and was really curious to see how Smeyer would end it.  Breaking Dawn was the creepiest way she could have possibly done it.  Spoilers ahoy!      Bella's pregnancy and subsequent birthing scene would have fit better in Alien, or something equally horrific.  This is supposed to be about teen love, written for teenage girls.  Quickly gestating babies who grow up in seven years may be Smeyer's fantasy, but I can't say I share it.  Notice the lack of rearing this kid needs - maybe three little boys has proved to be too hard for the author?  What is she saying about motherhood here?  \\"Women pop out the babies - damned if they have to raise them, too.  That's a man's job.\\"  What, is the female influence bad?    And, as pointed out in previous reviews, imprinting is CREEPY.  Especially when it's between a sixteen-year-old boy and his ex-girlfriend's demon baby.  Plus, all the pseudo-scientific babble made no sense to anyone who's taken even a remedial biology course.    What about Bella, the perfect vampire?  Lame.    This book was terrible.  I don't have the time or inclination to list every gripe I had with it.  Stick with the first book, and forget the others exist.
1401307450|5.0|I have never been more intrigued by a story in my life. Anthony Kiedis continually strived to have fun in his life and never took life too seriously. He made a life derived from the use of drugs and had magnificant experiences. This book is awesome and wonderfully expresses Anthony's deepest, darkest thoughts and feelings. Must READ!
031606792X|5.0|Honestly people, chill out.  I have read so many bad reviews because people are just weird.  \\"Oh no, she got everything she wanted to easy\\".  Seriously?  You're mad because everything worked out?  It was that easy either.  I am so glad that she got a baby.  I read books because they aren't reality (if you want reality read non fiction).  Honestly. And who says that it is unrealistic (besides the whole vampire werewolf thing). Most of the stuff in my life has come easy.  I am happily married with two beautiful daughters and I did not have to sacrifice anything.  My daughters also didn't kill me when I was giving birth (or break any ribs, or make my husband worried about my life).  I thought the book was great and I hope Meyers doesn't get hurt because all of you overly picky people.  By the way, the Jacob thing is not perverted like she tried to stress twenty million times.  When a werewolf imprints it is because they found THE MOST IMPORTANT PERSON in their life.  They will do anything to make that person happy and safe, whether it is as big brother, best friend, or eventual mate.  He DID NOT have those feelings for Nessie while she was a child (maybe he will in the future but it wasn't specified).  Besides by the time she is seven she'll actually be like eighteen/twenty and he'll only be twenty three.  People, get overselves and chill out.  This book is not for the very immature of heart and mind.
031606792X|4.0|First of all, I want to say that before I read any of Meyer's books I was deathly afraid of vampires.  Yes, I knew they didn't exist, but after watching a vampire movie, I would be haunted for weeks with horrible thoughts of demons lurking in shadows.  I was leary about reading the books because of this fear.  But, my views on vampires have changed dramatically since reading the Twilight Saga.  I went from fearing vampires to being in love with one (yes I'm happily married to a human), and now, after reading #4, I want to be a vampire.  Seriously, Meyer just makes it sound like so much fun!    Now to my review  (there are some spoilers).  I'm a little shocked and annoyed at all the negative low star givers out there.  Lets remember a few things here: First, this is young-adult fiction; second, it's NOT REAL- it's a FAIRLY-TALE, things are supposed to end happily-ever-after!  Third, what's wrong with Bella choosing marriage and family over education and a career?  Someone said she was being selfish by doing that.  I fail to see how choosing to give her life so she could have her baby was selfish.  Also, you may say \\"Well, she really didn't choose family because she gave up Charlie and her mom.\\"  But that all worked out too (hence, the 'happily-ever-after' part of the story).  If you want to read a boring, pointless book about a girl who had a chance to have joy and happiness with those she loved but gave it up to go to college and \\"have a life\\" go ahead.  By the way, remember that she has eternity to educate herself.  It's not like she's going to just sit around forever staring into space.  Since when is choosing to be a mom and wife a bad thing?  Yes, she didn't think she wanted those things, but I'm very glad that she was pleasantly surprised to find that she did.  And, who cares if the ending is too \\"happily-ever-after\\"!  That's the point in a fairy-tale! Whew, I said my piece on that and feel much better.    A few other things.  I have to admit that through the other books I wasn't sure how felt about Bella.  I wanted to like her but wasn't sure.  But now, after reading the final story, I really like her.  I almost think that Meyer wanted readers to be unsure about Bella because she was unsure about herself too.  But she finally becomes who she is meant to be, and I really enjoyed discovering that with her.  She makes an awesome vampire!      Yes, I really enjoyed this book.  There were some things that happened that I predicted before the book came out, but there were things that I did not expect at all, so that was fun.  I also enjoyed Jacob's point of view, mostly for the sarcasm.  But, it's not my favorite book out of all of them, although I love them all.  There were a few slow moving parts where I kind of wanted to say, \\"Okay, lets get on with it.\\"  And, I think I have to agree with most people and say what is up with that name?  Renesmee?  Couldn't there have been anything better than that?  I'm just glad it wasn't a boy because EJ was worse.    I was a little nervous that I wouldn't be happy with the book's ending.  I just couldn't see how it could end in a way where so many loose ends would be neatly tied up.  But Meyer did it, and did it well, I thought.  I feel perfectly content with it.  Some people don't like that it's too happily-ever-after, but ignore them.  Go read a depressing book if that's what you're after or go read a memior full of real life drama.  I prefer to endulge in a nice, happy fairy tale that makes me feel good.  One reason I love these books is they remind me of the things that I love about my life so much.  They make me remember falling in love with my husband, all of our firsts we had together, and the happily-ever-after we have waiting (sorry, I'm cheesy- it's just how I am).  So, just remember this is ficion and a fairy-tale.  It's supposed to end happily-ever-after.    Oh, I just thought of another thing that bugs me about some reviews.  Jacob imprinting on Nessie is not gross.  Whoeverthinks that- you're the gross one.  Jacob and Quil make that clear that's not what it's about.  So, grow up people.
031606792X|2.0|I'm so disappointed and wish I could return this book.   I won't even waste time revealing any spoilers, but I wish the series ended with book #3.
031606792X|5.0|**Alludes to spoilers!**    I think people have put way too much pressure on Breaking Dawn.  They're going on and on about how it's full of 'bad messages' and that it's too far fetched.  Well, aren't vampires far fetched to begin with?  This is Stephenie Meyer's story, and this is how she chose to end it!  Personally, I thought it was wonderful that it was so far from what I expected!  It had me captivated.  Granted, I will admit that reading about these twists at 3 and 4 in the morning after the midnight release party made me wonder if what I was reading was real, it was still awesome.    As for those who say this book sends negative messages, give it a rest!  Stephenie Meyer did not set out to sway young girls into marrying young, and having children young!  Bella let it be known that she wasn't into the whole young marriage thing, but she did because she found a man she knew loved her and who she knew she would be happy with.  What's wrong with that?  It's not like she set out to have a baby either.  You could say her form of 'birth control' was faulty!  If Stephenie was sending a bad message, they would have ran away, gotten married in Twilight, or had sex before marriage, or had a baby before marriage.  FYI, Bella did it in order! Is that so bad? Sheesh...calm down :)    I loved it!
B000WZAE1I|5.0|Great movie for both adults & children. Definately a movie that I'd watch again when stuck inside winter time.
1423101464|5.0|Excellent adventure that my 12 year old son just loved. Full of mythological beasts and a fun read. Recommended
B00004WG2F|5.0|What can I say, just a really GREAT MOVIE & would tell anyone to watch it. Ok for teens too.
031606792X|3.0|Ok I admit to reading spoilers before actually reading the book. And the spoilers had me speechless. I was convinced that there was no way I would be able to enjoy the book. Like i thought that SM was on some kind of drugs when I heard the spoilers. I was so completely sure that I would give this a 1 star rating. But then today my book came in from Amazon and I just finished reading the whole thing and really...it was not as bad as the spoilers made it seem, I still don't think its a 5 by any means...but really, it didn't ruin the entire series for me. Some spoilers are coming up in my next paragraph so if you don't want any spoilers then please stop reading, although the point is I think you should give it a chance and read it.    *****SPOILERS*******    Ok so the whole kid thing does weird me out. I really think SM could have gone in a better direction, I really didn't want Bella/Edward to be parents. Its just weird to me but she was able to pull it off. You kind of don't even realize that they are parents because of how everyone else also acts towards it. And honestly I hated the name at first but it does grow on you. I thought it was the most horrid name ever but by the end of the book I was like....its kind of cute....I guess. And to everyone saying the whole Jacob imprinting thing is creepy, I disagree. Although I will admit that it is kind of weird. I mean just imagine the future conversations. Nessie: \\"Sooo Jacob, have you ever kissed anyone other than me? I mean I'm sure you have, you know I'm just curious how many really?\\" Jacob:\\"Oh....uh yeahhh...I've kissed one other person...but you know it was a long time ago....\\" Nessie:\\"Oh come on, you know you can tell me, I won't freak out, it was before me so it doesnt matter\\" Jacob: \\"erm...ok...yeah...It was your mother\\" Nessie:\\"...........\\" I think it would be the first argument between imprinted couples ever. Another thing that bothered me was the lack of action. There would be all this build up and then absolutely nothing. Bella's power also wasn't as horrible as everyone was claiming, I mean it would have been awesome if she had gotten some really cool offensive power but it works and I feel like it really suits her. So anyway basically i really think you should give it a chance, especially if you've been turned off by spoilers. They are really worse out of context. When you are actually reading the book it isn't that bad....still a little weird and out there...but hey I'm not having to pretend like this book never existed so it wasn't that bad.
B00008EY65|5.0|Another Great movie!!  Not sure I'd let young one's watch it though, a few scary things going on & definately a bit on the violent side, but easy to take because you know it's from a comic series or something. Can't wait for part 2 to come to DVD ~ Would Definately recommend this
031606792X|4.0|I am a huge fan of all three of the previous books in this series. I bought Breaking Dawn the day it came out and went home with excitement. I have truly enjoyed this novel. I think anyone who is bad mouthing it needs to realize that it is a fantasy novel. It is not ment to send a message or to be realistic. If you're looking for that find a different type of book. This novel plays on all the things you look for in a good read, love, action and suspence. I found the whole baby part a little irratating but I did not feel that it ruined the book. I am a married woman with two kids and I don't think that this book promotes in anyway the idea that girls should be married and pregnant at 18. I mean really people if she was going to say that then she would never have let them get married. The whole Jacob thing with Nessie was bound to happen. Who else would be more perfect for him? This book is everything that I was hoping it would be and I have hole heartedly recommended it to others. I also look forward to her next book in this series written in Edwards perspective.
031606792X|1.0|i waited with everyone else for this book, for a whole year i wondered what would happen.  would the wedding go ahead?  would edward get his way and bella go to college?  what would happen to jake?  would the vulturi come to check if bella was human?  all of these things and more.  the whole bella becoming a vampire was the most important thing. how it would change her and so on.                  (spoilers)  and so i feel like a traitor for saying this but i wish this book was never written.  meyer ruined the other books for me, i almost stopped reading half way through.  the pregnancy thing was stupid it had nothing to do with the story already woven about bella and edward.  it seemed like it was just a way to wrap things up and have a nice little family unit.  half of the characters weren't even in it.  even edward was hardly in it.  there was no heat between them either like there used to be.  maybe meyer really wants another child so she focused it into this book but i wish she hadn't.  she could've changed the names and no-one would've known it was to do with twilight it was that different.  as for jake imprinting on the baby it made even less sense, just another way for everything to be tidied up.  this book lacked detail.  this book lacked bella and edwards soulmate love.  it just wasn't right.  sorry if that offends anyone but i truly wish she had written more like she did for the other books, i think the magic she once had is gone.
031606792X|1.0|WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD!     First, I have to mention that I loved the first three books. I have read and re-read them more times than I care to count. Like millions of others, I anticipated the release of BD to finally see the conclusion of Bella and Edward's story.     I was disappointed.    It wasn't the fact that BD didn't stick to average YA novels that bothered me. I'm 22, and mature enough for any adult concepts. I have never considered the series to be teeny-targeted anyway. It was a flat plot line and completely unexpected--in a bad way-- plot twists that made me dislike this book so much.     Like many other readers, I felt like I was reading fanfiction--a well-written piece of fanfiction, mind you, but not SM's creation nevertheless. The characters didn't seem true to themselves, and the carefully built-up Twilight universe was shattered upon creation of Renesmee. (I'll try to refrain from any scathing remarks about the name choice. Albus Severus, I want even you back!)     Of course, there were some moments/issues that I loved. For example, I didn't mind loads of physical intimacy during the honeymoon (I actually half-cheered them to go for it) , and Bella not wanting to give up her humanity for physical love. They are newlyweds after all, for heaven's sake. Furthermore, I loved finally seeing Jacob and Edward reconcile, and for the werewolf to find his happy ending. Even imprinting on Bella's daughter makes sense in a twisted, grotesque kind of way.    However, there are hundreds of plot turns and moments I hated about this book.   First, the mere existence of Renesmee (sp?). In all the previous novels there hasn't been a single hint about male vampires containing their fertility. We were told that fluids were absent from their bodies and were replaced by venom. Frankly, I felt cheated by the loophole Stephenie left herself with: \\"most\\" fluids were absent. Not all.     Second, Bella's pregnancy. It freaked me out that Cullens had a mini hospital in their house to keep Bella alive. It did make sense plot-wise, but made my reading very uncomfortable. Then, of course, the birth scene, which was gross and disturbing. And it wasn't blood, or spine breaking, or even Edward \\"chewing the baby out\\" that disturbed me---ridiculously, I was perverted by the image of Bella trashing like a fish on the table, completely vulnerable and naked, and Jacob (despite himself) getting a good glimpse of her.     Thrid, Bella as a newborn. I would have expected for her to experience the world through the red haze of thirst, but no. She was in perfect control of her senses. I half-wanted her to be clumsy for vampire standards, but, of course, she was more graceful than an average vampire.     I could go on and on. I didn't like Mary Sue aka Renesmee, which everyone found adorable except for me. I would have loved to see Volturi in action--not like a meaningless threat in billowing grey cloaks. Or at least for someone to kill of Jane and Alec. And what about Renee? And Bella's human friends?     I guess what bothered me the most in this book is Bella getting everything she has ever wanted without any price to pay. Admittedly, these series play in the fantasy world, but there has to be some sense of reality interweaving the fairy tale. You can't get what you want without sacrificing a part of yourself, this isn't how the world works.     Alas, I feel no sense of closure or satisfaction after completing the book. The Twilight Saga had so much potential for a truly breathtaking ending, but this fiasco ruined it for me completely. I'll just live in an illusion that the series concluded with Eclipse.
031606792X|5.0|I understand why some people would think that Breaking Dawn is a let down but for me it was positively addicting. OK, sure, I'll give it to the minority that hated it that the whole book seemed rushed and the pace in general was very quick but I'm not complaining! Call me a sucker for happy endings. I was on an emotional high ride. All time high, might I add. Stephenie kept surprising me all the way through and even though it seems like she's trying to tie every loose end without thinking about it (what with, the introduction to many new characters/vampires) and all, I think it was absolutely necessary. She wrote Twilight for her own pleasure, continued with New Moon and Eclipse and completed the saga with this epic finale the way she always intended for it to be finished. I don't think it's for any of us to judge. It's entirely subjective and if Stephenie is happy with it then  I am ... because to be honest, I felt closure too. That's all I have to say. Here's to an eternity of lifetime happiness for Bella, Edward, Renesmee and the family.
B0018RWMNM|5.0|I pre-ordered this Blu-ray disc when I saw that it was going to be available.  I was sceptical as to how much better it would actually be than the DVD version that I already owned.  Let me tell you, it is COMPLETELY different.  Seriously, the clarity, film quality and Dolby 5.1 surround make this Blu-ray a MUST HAVE for any fan of this Western epic!  It is in widescreen for the first time, and honestly, it makes the movie so much crisper and perfect that you seriously just have to see it for yourself to believe it!  The extra content on the discs are incredible too.  There are interviews, on-set, with the actors talking about the movie, and there are interviews with the author of the book and with the director of the film.  They are all so insightful, and you will learn things about this film that you never knew before.  But the picture and sound quality are beyond a doubt the best part of this.  Just buy it and you'll see for yourself!  Definitely get this movie on Blu-ray if you love this movie, because you'ver never seen Lonesome Dove like this!
B000HC2LI0|5.0|If you were/are a die hard fan of the West Wing, then this is definately the box set you will want.
B0000669JL|2.0|have a couple cassette tapes of cheap studio time-love the earthiness of his sound.  you can hear the steel drums and the rushing of the dunns river falls in his music.  this cd is too cleaned up.  no rasta here, mon.  guess i need to find his older stuff for the sound i crave.
076781326X|3.0|Maybe I should have started with the '48 version first.  I liked Moody's Fagin.  He really got into the character. I enjoyed the colorful sets and few of the songs, but I never connected to Lester's Oliver.  I didn't like the whole domestic violence angle and the killing.  Definitely NOT something I think young children should watch. Jack Wild's Dodger was adorable, but for the most part, I did a lot fidgeting in my seat, wanting the movie to end.  I'll probably check out the other version later.  This production is just okay.
031606792X|5.0|I think everyone's big problem who hates this book is really out of place. I mean I think anyway she ended it people would be angry. If Bella just turned into a vampire, people would be angry. If she didn't they would be angry. Even though most people hate to admit it, they were looking for a happy ending.     I liked this one, because I couldn't predict anything! That is really exciting when an author catches me off guard. Not to brag, but I am the queen of foreshadows. I couldn't predict a thing about this book, and I loved it. It has been a while since I haven't been able to do that. Harry Potter was a let down in that way, I totally knew what was going to happen, it was so obvious. People who are thinking of reading it should do it, just because it is super fun and surprising.     For all the people that are disappointed with Steph's bad morals, COME ON!!! Bella is married and she loves Edward, there is nothing wrong with procreating even if you are 18. Bella might be immature, but she knows what she wants. I don't think that it should matter anyway, people who read this book should be able to make their own decisions. It is not a moral tale, but fiction. And for the whole sex thing, I can totally see it. Bella is experiencing something so amazing, so special, since she really loves him, that she does not want to lose that. She knows how happy it makes her now, the future is unknown. I would totally do what Bella did, sex is such a special emotional experience. There are no bad morals in this tale in my eyes, just silly people blowing things out of proportions saying there is. I can not wait until Meyer writes a different book, I have the Host, but I am waiting for the next one. She writes with such passion, and I find that addicting.
031606792X|4.0|When I checked Amazon on Saturday 8/2 to see if anyone read BD I was shocked to see how many bad reviews it received.  I didn't read all the comments because I hadn't finished and didn't want to spoil the book for myself.  Even though I can understand and agree with a few of the complaints, I decided to just let myself enjoy the final book in this amazing series with my favorite characters.      From what I've seen we seem to agree that the pregnancy and the imprinting was too weird or convenient.  I was surprised that Bella had a baby with a vampire but any fan of \\"Angel\\" can tell you this is not the first time a vampire has had a child.  Maybe that is why I was able to accept this a little better than some.  In mythology anything can happen and even though it is hard to swallow in the Twilight universe a baby can be conceived by a human and vampire.  If everyone was able to suspend their belief that  a teenage girl can love a vampire then I hope everyone can go back to BD with an open mind.  I can't however explain Jacob imprinting on Nessie.  I felt that was a way of trying to appease all the Jacob fans; if Jacob can't have Bella what is the next best thing?  Her daughter.....that was too much for me.  I was pushing for Leah and was upset that avenue was given to us just to take it away.    I really did enjoy seeing Edward and Bella's relationship evolve.  I read somewhere that someone was upset that all they had was sex.  Well being honeymooners and exploring their relationship to me is a natural progression.  I think Stephenie Meyer handled it very well.  Of course they are going to be intimate whenever they can.  They are married and when Edward is finally able to not hold back that was the final piece that cemented their union.  I'm glad SM acknowledged it  and wasn't scared of the fact that this book is a YA novel.  Let's face it girls at 16(even younger) know sex is out there.  SM handled this very maturely: Bella was 18, married and in love with the man she knew she was going to be with forever.       Great moments in the book: the wedding, the honeymoon, Alice, whenever Jacob and Edward spoke to each other, Nessie showing everyone how she speaks, the cottage and finally having the Volturi back.  That was exhilarating.  I couldn't put the book down when they showed up.      Some will agree with what I said and some won't.  All I want to really say is keep an open mind.  We all had expectations and some were met, some went in totally strange directions but in the end we were witness to the great love story between an average teenage girl and her not so average vampire boyfriend.  I personally enjoyed the journey.
031606792X|4.0|A breakdown of my opinion:  *there are lots of spoilers here*    The Good:  -A happy ending. I know, i know, life doesn't work out like that, there should be consequences for marrying and having a kid at 18 and blah blah blah, but its nice sometimes to read fun, unrealistic fantasies where the characters you love get everything they ever wanted and none of them have to die for it. Maybe thats 'trite' or whatever, but I've always been a sucker for fairy tales and happily ever afters.   -Bella having a kid. yeah, she was young, but Bella has been trying to be a mother to everyone since Twilight (taking care of Renee, cooking and cleaning for Charlie, constantly trying to protect *everyone* etc etc) and it was just sad to me that she would never have a kid. and, better yet, she got to have Edward's kid!  -the wedding. I especially loved that Bella *finally* saw herself as beautiful for once.   -Bella's transformation: exactly as I thought it would be. Her trying her hardest to keep quiet so Edward wouldn't do his overly guilty thing.   -Bella's self-control as a new vampire. I liked that *finally*, after being the weak link in everything always, Bella gets to show off her strength a little and amaze everyone. and shes graceful too. :)  -Jacob's imprinting on Bella's daughter. some people seem to have a problem with this, thinking that its pedophilia or a cop out or sort of twisted that he can just forget about Bella when he loved her and all that. But all this was explained in Eclipse. Why is it fine to accept that Sam could have forgotten Leah, and that Quil could imprint on Claire, but not that Jacob could imprint on Bella's baby. There isn't anything sexual about the whole imprinting thing on babies, so no pedophilia. I liked that it was the eyes, Bella's eyes, that he noticed first about the baby...  -getting into Jake's head a little. it was fun to see his struggle with the pack, and interesting to see Edward-Bella from his point of view.  -Bella's Shield power. Throughout the whole series, her strongest instinct has been to protect the people she loves. It was nice to see that played out.   -Edward *finally* being able to get into her head, if only briefly. :)    The Bad:  -the dialogue!!! some of the things the characters say in this book seem very out of character to me. For instance they started calling Jasper Jazz when they never had before. And I definitely made a face at Bella telling Edward he was killing her buzz. ugh.   -most of the honeymoon, aside from the first night. Even Bella's thoughts during that seemed a little off. She wasn't getting angry or annoyed or making snarky comments like she always does. it was weird. maybe it was supposed to be because of her pregnancy...  -The overall feel of the end of the first book, and beginning of the second. It seemed different from the other books. I think because it was more plot driven rather than character-driven. Too much on what was happening and not enough of what Bella (and Jake) thought about what was happening. doesn't make it terrible writing, it was just a departure from the rest of the books. It was back to normal once we get back to Bella in book 3.   -her telling Charlie but not Renee. I didn't get how that would work exactly. what would keep her away, if they didn't tell her Bella was dead? and I didn't get what had kept her from coming to the hospital she thought Bella was in.   -Renesmee. the name, not the character. Edward didn't even *try* to talk her out of it. ugh. Carlie Renesmee would have been far, *far* better. Nessie was ok though. sort of. I guess.     Other comments:  -I have read reviews that say that the book is anti-feminist, and that Bella is always looking to be taken care of. I want to disagree with that. Bella has always wanted to take care of everybody, often at her own expense. And she hates when people have to take care of her (like running around her house in the rain) and when they have to fight to protect her. I also don't thinkthat the fact that Edward is so damnably overprotective is a knock against feminism. She rebels against his overprotection in what ways she can. Refusing to drop the subject of what he was in Twilight, going to Volterra, and going over his head with the transformation thing in New Moon, sneaking out to La Push in Eclipse.       anyway, thats my two cents. or fifty...
031606792X|5.0|The book is a great finish to a series of stories. However, one must keep in mind both the target audience and the fact that the characters in the story live a life that is far different from ours. For anyone who is disturbed by     *spoiler*    Jacob imprinting on Bella's child, then you have to realize it is NOT a romantic relationship. If that's what you think... then stay away from my children!
031606792X|5.0|I think Stephenie did a wonderful job writing Breaking Dawn! I loved it ALOT! The other books were great too. I love it how Bella became a vampire! And I think it was creative how Bella became pregnant with a half vampire child. That there is just true creativity! I couldn't stop reading Breaking Dawn until I finished it; my mom had to make me eat and take a shower each day!    I really hate it how alot of these people are saying mean things about it. Although that is their opinion, so I really can't change that... But I loved! :)
B00007H1Y2|5.0|No \\"Manteca\\" here, but I am hopelessly addicted to this album anyway.    If you listen to Cuban music you will probably hear a lot of versions of \\"Drume Negrita\\" (which I think is really \\"Dru me Negrita\\") but the heavy metal here is very hypnotic.
0740748475|5.0|Received this as a gift last April and was very happy with it! The packaging was lovely and the binding sturdy. Have spent many hours curled up with this book. The perfect gift for any Calvin & Hobbes fan!
B00004RFFS|1.0|What to say about this movie except that I almost started laughing after a while.<br /><br />When this movie first came out, it was really scary for its time.<br /><br />My, how things have changed.  \\"Dark Knight\\" was scarier than this movie, and it only got a PG-13 rating.<br /><br />Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise are really, really bad, just awful, oomph, kick in the gut, laughably bad actors in this movie.  Now, they've been good in some other roles, but seriously, they just don't have the chops to play 200 year old vampires right.<br /><br />Antonio Banderas in mascara makeup!  What a riot!  And all that pancake mix on all of these actors' faces...snicker....<br /><br />Ooooh....overt homoerotic man-loves-boy themes!  Pretty exotic stuff for its time (1994), now just awfully silly, not to mention something that is both out in the  open AND severely criminalized in our current wacky society.  Today, 14 years later, we would see Lestat just surf the Net and/or join NAMBLA...and then get busted in a Special Report on NBC \\"Dateline\\".<br /><br />The worst aspect of this movie had to be the soundtrack - WOW, it's like they tried to score this movie like one of those melodramatic horror flicks from the 1950's...unbelievably bad musical score - it turned every scary moment into a farce...<br /><br />Kirsten Dunst, what a prodigy!  She was only 12 years old when this movie came out, and... strangely enough, she talks...and acts... exactly...the same way...still.  It's as if she never was a child....  Hmmmmm....
031606792X|5.0|I thought Breaking Dawn was a great ending to a wonderful series.  New Moon will always be my favorite, but Breaking Dawn answers questions, ties up loose ends, and gives a happy ending to Bella and Edward's story.    From Bella's pre-wedding jitters to the alternately romantic and hilarious honeymoon to all the shock and fear and excitement that comes next, Stephenie Meyer takes the reader on a rollercoaster of emotions.  I was gripping the book so tightly in some parts that my fingers cramped, and for the last few pages I had to stop reading periodically to wipe away tears and blow my nose.      I've read complaints about people being out of character in this book which I don't understand.  They all seemed spot on to me.  Of course there are changes from Twilight but then Bella and Edward have been through a lot since that fateful biology class.  They aren't the same people they were then, so they aren't going to act the same.  Even Edward's seemingly reprehensible request of Jacob early in the second part of the book is in character, because that's how he is -- anguished, blaming himself for Bella's plight, he'll do anything to save her life, even if it means asking the unthinkable.  Look at what he did in New Moon.  When it comes to Bella, Edward would rather cut off his own arm than hurt her.    And really, people, Renesmee is freaking adorable.  And the name sorta grows on you.  It's no worse than people naming their kids Kayden and Jayelle and all the other weird made-up names you hear these days.
031606792X|5.0|I really, really enjoyed this whole series and I think Stephenie Meyer tied everything together really well. I could not put this book down. I liked it better than the 2nd and 3rd books.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|As amazing as \\"Angel Of Retribution\\", the reunion album for the classic line-up of Judas Priest, the metal masters from the U.K., is; this album is actually a great follow-up to it. The band really shows their professional and sophisticated sides with this album. There are so many very clever, original, unique, and catchy guitar riffs and solos throughout the whole entire album. K.K. Downig and Glenn Tipton really prove what guitar legends they are once again. The same goes for the excellent bass work from Ian Hill. The drum tempos from Scott Travis are very awesome and lively without losing a beat even once. Rob Halford also brings out each track perfectly with his awesome unique vocals and with the right depth and emotions throughout the whole album. There are also so many great clever unique mixings of the rhythms and melodies with the vocals and different instruments all going together perfectly to create a great unique art to the album.    As the title suggests, the album is based on \\"The Book Of Nostradamus\\". The band even mentions on the inside cover:    \\"Intrigue continues to surround the mystery of Nostradamus. Five hundred years since his passing Judas Priest undertake what is considered to be our most ambitious musical adventure to date.\\"    Their little written introduction covers a decent-lengthed summary of Nostradamus's life and concludes with:    \\"All of us in Judas Priest have enjoyed an extraordinary experience making our metal form into this man's life and we hope that you, our fans, derive the same feelings now as you listen and let your mind escape with 'Nostradamus'\\".    The song titles even suggest that the album covers his philosophies on the dawn of creation, his prophecy, his awakening, his revelations, the four horsemen, war, sands of time, pestilence and plague, death, peace, conquest, lost love, persecution, solitude, exiled, alone, shadows in the flame, visions, hope, new beginnings, calm before the storm, and even his predictions on the future of mankind. The lyrics are well thought out and in very good detail. Rob Halford brings each and every one of those tracks out perfectly with the right depth and emotions to add on to his unique vocals. The music also backs him up perfectly with the right sounds, beats, rhythms, tones, and moods. There are no dull moments to this album with no getting sloppy even once and nobody missing a beat even once either.    This album is a true masterpiece and definitely one of the better Judas Priest albums ever. Rob Halford is already expecting a Grammy Award for this album, due to all the hype from a lot of people about it, the many people who pre-ordered their copies before it was released, as well as the great sales and high profits it is continuing to make with spots on different music charts.
031606792X|5.0|Ok screw all you people who are dissing this book. Amazing is all i can say. I feel like throughout the books we have watched bella mature and grow so how showing he married and having a baby was great. Then to have her daughter be Jacob's mate come on how genius is that. They are family as they always should have been.
B00000DOY9|3.0|More obsessive Zeppelin fans than I have sort of claimed this album as their own. They can keep it, far as I'm concerned. It's not bad or anything, but there's not much to really recommend here, either.<br />Still, the record does contain two great songs. Their names are... \\"Candy Store Rock\\" and \\"Tea for One!\\" Whoo! No, actually, those songs suck. \\"Candy Store Rock\\" is stiff, ham-fisted rockabilly, and \\"Tea for One\\" is one of the worst songs I've ever heard in my life. It's a nine-minute blues so similar to \\"Since I've Been Loving You\\" (only with guitars replacing the organ and without the big emotional release), that it might as well be a remix. Plant's lyrics are cliched as ever, and Page's lengthy solo is just him taking a bunch of trite blues licks and stringing them together. No good.<br />No, the best songs on this album are \\"Achilles Last Stand\\" and \\"Nobody's Fault but Mine.\\" On \\"Achilles,\\" Page goes insane with the guitar overdubs, letting loose a career's worth of brilliant riffs in ten minutes. It's got time signature changes, guitar solos, galloping bass parts, and sections where the band morphs into a jackhammer. \\"Nobody's Fault But Mine,\\" meanwhile, is a Blind Willie Johnson blues that lets Page and Plant show off their skills on guitar and harmonica, respectively. But the real appeal of the tune is in the pauses. which make the heavy parts of the song sound even heavier.<br />The remaining three songs I could do without. There's some interesting guitar stuff on both \\"For Your Life\\" and \\"Royal Orleans\\" (both concerning the group's assorted misadventures with decadence), and I appreciate how they kinda change things up on \\"Orleans\\" with odd drumming, but neither of them are impressive. I would hesitate to even call them \\"good.\\" Mediocre, maybe. I actually kind of like \\"Hots on for Nowhere.\\" It's moderately funky, and has a catchy nonsense chorus. But it's by no means great.<br />So there you have it. \\"Achilles\\" and \\"Nobody's Fault\\" rule, \\"Tea for One\\" and \\"Candy Store Rock\\" suck, and the rest is in the middle. I can't think of any reason to buy it, seeing that both the great songs always make it onto compilations. And did you know \\"Candy Store Rock\\" was released as a single? Yikes...Rock\\" suck, and the rest is in the middle. I can't think of any reason to buy it, seeing that both the great songs always make it onto compilations. And did you know \\"Candy Store Rock\\" was released as a single? Yikes...
031606792X|2.0|I loved the 3 twilight books... believed everything fantastical about the story- until they brought Nessie the abomination in. This is not a book to tie the loose ends. This is a book about Nessie.    The point of the Twilight Series was about Bella and Edward's love story. Bringing in a BABY should not even be part of the equation. WHAT WAS MS. MEYER THINKING?!?!?!?!    The only redeeming parts of this book was the wedding and part of the honeymoon. I also enjoyed the part where Bella is discovering her new abilities. Other than that, its a messy story,and with too many small things happening. I was disappointed that Bella and Edward did not destroy their house after nights of passion (I thought their love was epic.)    Stephenie tried to make the readers love Nessie- but like I said. How can anyone fall in love with Nessie the Abomination???? AND how could Stephenie bear to have Jake imprint on her?!?!?!    The magic is gone.
031606792X|5.0|----SPOILERS BELOW----    Breaking Dawn is the best book in the Twilight Saga. Period. Ignore what people say about what the author's message was. Who cares? There's nothing wrong with writing a book where everyone is happy in the end. Nothing wrong at all.    Of course, having everyone so happy in the end and having everything work out so perfectly is probably not very realistic. But thats why its FICTION! Its the perfect fairy tale story where everyone finds happiness, sometimes where they least expect it.     I was very impressed with how Stephenie covered after wedding events. I was also impressed with how Stephenie brought everyone together in the end, particularly when vampires from around the world banded together to protect something unheard of and very different, Edward and Bella's child. And don't forget that the werewolves also put aside their sometimes hard feelings for vampires and banded with them.    Bella and her father, Charlie, also work out a way that they can still be close family without endangering his life. That's not something I expected but was happy to see work out. It shows that families can work through even the toughest of circumstances.    And while I certainly would never get married and have a baby at the age of 18, its definitely not a crime or something worth judging a person over. Especially when the parents take responsibility. End of story.    You will laugh, smile, be angry, sad and you just might shed a tear during a few tender moments. This book is a great escape into a touching fairy tale filled with life's problems, issues and surprisingly happy endings.
031606792X|1.0|*spoilers*    The choice to inexplicably change the perspective of the story by telling a large portion of this final book from Jacob's point of view, especially during a crucial (and shocking) development for Bella (who's story this has been all along) dismays me. It creates such distance between the reader and Bella to have her entire pregnancy told in someone else's voice. From that point on I had trouble investing in the story because I was staggered as to how we as readers were supposed to be accepting of so many abrupt changes that didn't seem to phase any the characters themselves. There was so much emphasis on a galloping plot, that little time was used to show the characters reflecting on the massive changes happening around them.     I'm disheartened by the drastic way this series lurches to an end with Breaking Dawn.
031606792X|4.0|There are a lot of seriously negative comments on here!   To all the reviewers out there complaining about BD,  I can only imagine you're all qualified to make these judgments because the book that you slaved over for months was incredibly successful, sold millions of copies, and didn't let a single reader down.  Oh wait...  If that were the case, you wouldn't be on here whining because Stephenie Meyer couldn't cater this book to fit your exact wishes.   Breaking Dawn is a story. Get over it. Stephenie Meyer wrote this book the way she wanted to, and personally I wouldn't have it any other way. If it played out exactly the way I wanted it to, then it might as well be me writing it.   I came on here to see what other fans thought about the book, but all I see is a bunch of people criticizing the book because they think they know better. If that's the case, you should just stick to \\"Choose Your Own Adventure\\" books, or maybe write your own story, and see how difficult it is.  In the end it all comes down to the fact that Breaking Dawn doesn't owe you anything, it is what it is, and it should be accepted as such.
0684859106|5.0|Bought this book for my sister, a competitive baker, winner of hundreds of ribbons, and an all-around great cook. She is very fussy about recipes and ingredients -- no margarine, no artificial flavors, only pure extracts, etc. I thoroughly read the recipes before I purchase any cookbook for her. She loves this book and has tried many of the recipes. They are wonderful. Not your standard baking recipes. It would be wonderful to visit the bakery and try the goodies first hand.
031606792X|1.0|This book totally ruined the whole series for me. I was a HUGE fan of the Twilight Saga, and now I feel so betrayed.  I feel like maybe SM had other things on her mind, and just didn't put in any effort at all. The characters were way off, and the plot was just disturbing.  I was very sad to have the series end that way, and I'll never read the books again.
0783230079|5.0|Love, death, car wrecks, great music, and a happy ending what more can one movie deliver? I thoroughly enjoy watching this movie and have watched it time and time again. It's a great movie to sit in front of on a wet Sunday afternoon with the kids.
031606792X|5.0|I absolutely loved the whole series.  I cant say that Breaking Dawn is my favorite, but I wouldn't want to change anything about it.  I am now really looking forward to SM new book about Edwards point of view on things and any future books she may write.
031606792X|4.0|I am sad to see so many expected Stephenie Meyer write the book how they perceived it should go!  It's her story and the characters speak to her.  At first I was thinking, \\"wow this is so crazy\\" but I still thought it was engaging.  I was so fed up with Bella after Eclipse I felt like this book redeemed her.  Sure it was unrealistic it's called FICTION/FANTASY!  If you want real situations and realistic outcomes read something else!  I agree with the reviewer who said this would be a good book to read with your teenager instead of letting them read it alone but discuss the choices and what your family feel is important.  I thought Stephanie's family theme was so RIGHT on with the lack of the importance of family in our society.  Family is  what was the core of the stand against the opposition and their triumph--sorry if I ruined it for you!
031606792X|5.0|I am starting to wonder if I read the same book as some of these reviewers. I loved this book as much as the others in the series. Sure Bella is 'only 18' but they ingrain in you through all the books that she is not your typical teenager.     I thought this story was the changing of the Bella/Edward love story to the Cullen Family love story. The next step, so to speak. I loved that they got to have a child against all odds.  I love that Bella went from self effacing kids to proactive woman. I loved that Jake got to stay part of 'the family'. I went through the whole range of emotions while reading this book. It was a roller coaster and I enjoyed every moment of it. I was happy to see all the Cullens and Bella's family there as well. (I really didn't care for the baby's name and the changing of Emmet and Jasper to Em and Jazz, but I don't want to nitpick, so I can get past it.)    I know many think that it was too neatly tied up in a pretty little bow, but this is fiction, and sometimes it's good to get the fairy tale ending. This book gave me every thing I wanted..Bella and Edward together. Jake happy. That's all I could ask for.
031606792X|5.0|I think SM did a superb job with Breaking Dawn. What's wrong with happy endings? I like how Bella matured and how she fought for her baby. I was completely engrossed in the story and loved the characters. In the series, SM masterfully captured the teenage years, with their self-doubt and longing and pain and possibility; the glory and agony of first love and (for me) its crushing end; the power of sex; and much more. Bella wasn't always an attractive character--she tortured both Edward and Jacob with her indecision, she whined, she was not gracious about receiving presents or compliments--but she was very real to me. They were SM's characters, and I think she was true to them. A lot of postings on Amazon have been nitpicky at the least and vitriolic at worst. SM doesn't deserve this kind of reaction. Love live Bella and Edward!
031606792X|4.0|Just to warn, SPOILERS BELOW!    I was shocked by the entirety of this book. I liked how it jumped in the beginning to things that happened in the past, like Bella and Edward telling Charlie about their engagement. The plot surprised me though when we find out that Bella is pregnant. It is understandable due to what occured, but it is different than most love stories, where they just live happily ever after. Bella and Edward's happily ever after doesn't come when they want it and it comes in ways no one but Stephenie Meyer could have guessed. The plot twists and the descriptions as well as the action throughout the entire book was well thought out and well stated.    The ending was not at all what I would have pictured. I imagined more of a Romeo and Juliet ending since there was so much allusion to it throughout the series. I however am not disappointed with what did occur.
031606792X|1.0|I fell in love with the Twilight series.  I am 25 and definitely at an age where I cannot relate to a teenage girl in love.  However, Stephanie Meyer drew me into this magnificent love story that seemed impossible to succeed.  Twilight was a fabulous and I dedicated an entire weekend in order to finish the novel.  I immediately ran out to buy New Moon and Eclipse.  I thought these were okay (nothing compared to the first book) but I thought it would finally lead me to the big finale of Edward and Bella's love story in Breaking Dawn.  Would she marry Edward? Would Bella become a vampire? Would they finally have sex???  And lastly, would pathetic Jacob finally move on????    All these questions were answered but in the most horrible storyline I have ever read in all my years.  I couldn't believe that she wasted a huge chunk of the book telling the story through Jacob's eyes.  This was supposed to be our moment as readers to finally get hundreds of pages dedicated to Bella & Edward.  Instead, she wasted it on the most pathetic character in the entire saga.    As much as I am not on Team Jacob, this was only a small reason for my disgust for this novel.  When it comes down to it, the writing just sucked.  Twilight was so good because of the conflicts and complications that constantly stood in the way of Bella and Edward's relationship.  As a reader you were constantly kept on your toes and desperately hoping that things would turn out alright.  Going into the next three books you knew and was expecting that Bella would have to make sacrifices in order to have her true love, Edward, in her love.  Breaking Dawn in no way accomplished this.  If there was an obstacle, it was quickly resolved.  Everything turned out perfect.  Stephanie Meyer totally forgot about the parameters that she set up and let Bella have everything without having to sacrifice anything.    Even though the writing was bad, the one thing I was yearning for was the special intimate moments between Bella and Edward that you got from the three previous books.  Instead, their spotlight was robbed by silly events that were just insulting to your intelligence.      As you can see, some people LOVED the book.  I'm not sure how they did it but I'm happy that they got the experience that I didn't.  Personally, I am waiting for Midnight Sun. The first chapter is posted on her website...hopefully she won't botch that job too.
031606792X|1.0|It's strange. I remember reading this story before the book came out. Where did I read it? Let me think...It's one the tip of my tongue...Oh yea, FanfictionNET! What the h*ll was Meyer thinking! It seems to me that she just picked a few (bad) fan fictions at random, and pasted them together with kiddie glue.     Not only did she mess up the story, but also the morals and conflict. When I read the first three books, I expected in this book for Bella to choose whether to either decide between her humanity and Edward, or become a vampire and discover that it isn't so glamorios (uncontrolled bloodlust, forgetting who she is, possibly insanity, etc). And after she becomes a vampire, she has trouble coping (or can't cope at all) without seeing her parents again, wants to live a human life, etc. And with Jacob, I hoped she could resolve it with him, but still have a twinge of guilt.     But noooo. Meyer had to go and make everything perfect. Too perfect. Bella got everything she wanted, and something she didn't want- \\"Nessie\\" (I swear, there's going to be a pic on DeviantART of Bella giving birth to the Loch Ness Monster.) Plus, Jacob imprints on \\"Nessie\\", and turns from probably the best character in the series into a pedophile. Oh, and Charile finds out, and is totally okay with it.     So apparently if you fall in love, and the other loves you back, you will get everything you want with no regrets, and it's perfectly okay to have a baby at 18! What a lovely dream that is. To bad reality totally kills it. True, it is fantasy, but fantasy stories also have to relate to the real world in someway to be a good story. In this case it would be emotional conflicts and morals. But Meyer says that whatever Bella does will work out in the end, and that she deserves all this. (*coughMarySue)  But she doesn't really do anything to earn it, and gets the happy ending anyway. That's wrong. In the movie 'Ever After', the main character had to fight to get her happy ending, while Bella just has it automatically given to her. While others are revolving around her, she doesn't move the story at all.     Oh yes, and I caution extreme fans that, despite the message Meyer is promoting, having a baby as a teenager is not okay.     So (good) fanfiction writers rejoice! You have just beat an \\"experenced writer\\" at her own game! Congradulations!
031606792X|5.0|I was checking the countdown each day looking for updates because I could not wait for this book to be released!  I am extremely pleased with the book and have highly recommended this series to so many of my friends (and I am 31, not a teen!).  The funny thing is I heard about this series at a teacher workshop last month and am so glad that I looked into the Twilight saga, especially due to the fact that I didn't have to wait so long for the ending--it was difficult enough waiting the four weeks!  The ending was perfect for this series and I was up reading each night into the wee hours of the morning because I could not wait to find out how the story would end.  It had the perfect blend of love, sacrifice, and excitement; and I am so glad it ended happily for all.  Most of us love happy endings due to the simple fact that in todays world happy endings aren't guaranteed.  I do not understand all of the negative comments...this is a story meant to entertain, who said it had to have a moral or deeper meaning?!?  I am anticipating Meyer's future books and look forward to what this talented author gives us next!
0974872407|5.0|My mom gave this book to me as a birthday present. I read it in a week only because I had school and was impossible to be glued to the book...although I did try. Its just that good.  I believe the most memorable thing about the book its the beauty of the story: learn from the past to create your own present.   This book is a mastepiece by Zafon in which we can still see a similarity with previous books (Marina, El Principe de la Niebla) but I feel he wrote this book with a more mature sense of self and a new light of his own writing skills.  I say its a book that inspires because it touches your heart in a way that you can feel what the characters feel. You can live the situations, see the places.   Its the book we all wish we could write. Its a story we can all tell. A love story we will like to experience. An adventure waiting to happen. A mystery within each page  and an inspiration for every dreamer out there.  Trust me you will not regret reading this book. And you will probably read it a lot. So if you can sit and enjoy
B0015DYIH2|5.0|I read the book in 2 days...couldn't put it down.  SM did a great job with loose ends accept one...what's the name of the woman that protected her tribe from jacob's story from the last book?  I thought for sure it was going to be like Bella...thank goodness.  Want more about Nessie now...thanks for Jacob...love the twist.
B000URDE2Y|5.0|If you're a fan of 70's guitar-driven rock, you must have this album in your collection.  \\"Day of the Eagle\\", Little Bit of Sympathy\\" & \\"Too Rolling Stoned\\" are standards of the genre.  I'm typically either disappointed or enthralled by Trower's work, but this album goes beyond that.  This is one of those iconic rock LP's like [[ASIN:B000002U82 Dark Side Of The Moon]], [[ASIN:B000002KB8 Black Sabbath]], [[ASIN:B000002KJQ Tres Hombres]] or [[ASIN:B000002OX7 Who's Next]] that every classic rock fan must have.  And the Bonus tracks are just that: \\"BONUS!\\"
0937381888|5.0|I have made two batches since I bought this book, and they have both come out excellent. I have the \\"homebrew bible\\" and while it is a good book, How to Brew just explained things in a way that made me relax about the beer I was brewing. It explains in a more consice way when TO worry about sanitation, and when NOT TO. Overall this is an excellent purchase!
031606792X|2.0|I had high expectation in regards to this book considering the fantastic consistency in the first three but Breaking Dawn was a diappointing shock.  The book felt rushed, the characters inconsistent, the story bounced all over the place and several topics left unresolved.  The main pull of these books for me was the Bella and Edward dynamic which was shoved to back burner.  It was like reading a fan-fiction.
031606792X|4.0|Ok so there is a lot going on in this book, too much at times, but over all it was good.  Everyone gets what they want at last.  The book didn't have enough Bella and Edward for my liking, but I was able to see their relationship grow.  I think the adult themes were nice but may be lost on some of the young readers (Motherhood).  I feel that if this book would have been done in two books it would have had more time for character development.<br /><br />Overall, I laughed, I cried, I cringed....It was a fantastical tale...The characters finally are at peace...But instead of closure I am still left wanting more.
031606792X|5.0|***CONTAINS SPOILERS***<br />I'm actually glad I read some of the other reviews before posting mine because I feel like it gave me a basis for several arguments as to why I believed this book to be amazing.  So many people are complaining about the fact that it was \\"tied up in a bow\\", but remember people - This is a fairy tale.  Fairy tales are SUPPOSED to have fairy tale endings.<br /><br />Now, this is not to say that I wasn't shocked when Bella discovered she was pregnant.  I was.  But, I believe it added more depth to the story and, ultimately, to the characters of both Bella and Edward.  People are saying that Meyer's messages regarding sacrifice were lost because \\"Bella got everything she wanted\\".  But, did anyone stop to think about all the things Bella was WILLING to lose to save Renesmee?  That's still sacrifice, guys, even if the follow-through didn't have to happen.<br /><br />As for \\"losing Edward\\" - I did find that his character was not the forefront of this novel so much as in the others.  And, I'd be lying if I didn't admit that I missed some of his old romantic antics (which I felt peaked in Eclipse).  BUT, that being said, this book was meant to be about Bella's feelings as a newborn.  She CHANGED, people.  You can't expect that everything about their relationship, or the way the couple acted, would be the same.  Bella became a stronger entity by becoming a vampire, so it's only natural that Edward would APPEAR to be weaker in a sense.  Also, the focus for both PARENTS was the protection of their daughter.  They couldn't rightfully think only of themselves anymore - That just makes sense.<br /><br />As for Jacob, while I do think the minutes leading up to his imprinting on Renesmee were a little obvious, I don't find it obsurd that this is the approach that Meyer took with the story.  It tied in really well with the notion that Jacob and Bella's lives were fated to be linked in some way.  AND, it provided a WEALTH of potential story material for novels in the future.  And let's face it - I think we'd ALL like to see that.<br /><br />OK - So now that I'm happy with my rebuttals to the arguments I was reading a minute ago, I'd like to make a couple outside observations of why I think this was another great example of Meyer's talent as a writer and story teller.<br /><br />By using Jacob's perspective for the second book in the novel, it gave the reader a real sense of transition.  When we left Bella on the island, we knew she would never be the same.  And when we met her again in book three, it was as the vampire she was always destined to be.  Genius.<br /><br />I also LOVED Bella's \\"super power\\" of the shield and the fact that Meyer didn't waste time portraying Bella as a \\"typical\\" newborn.  Nothing about Bella has ever been \\"normal\\", so it would've weakened the story (and made it really tedious to read) if she had gone against that grain now.<br /><br />AND, I really liked the messages Meyer told about what lengths a mother is willing to go to, to protect her child.  Bella's allegiance with Rosalie, Leah's conversation with Jacob defending the behavior, Bella's belief in Alice's plans for their future...  All of those things are just supporting that message.<br /><br />I could go on for a good long while about the great things about this book.  I thought it was absolutely fantastic!<br /><br />My only complaint now is that it's over...s face it - I think we'd ALL like to see that.    OK - So now that I'm happy with my rebuttals to the arguments I was reading a minute ago, I'd like to make a couple outside observations of why I think this was another great example of Meyer's talent as a writer and story teller.      By using Jacob's perspective for the second book in the novel, it gave the reader a real sense of transition.  When we left Bella on the island, we knew she would never be the same.  And when we met her again in book three, it was as the vampire she was always destined to be.  Genius.    I also LOVED Bella's \\"super power\\" of the shield and the fact that Meyer didn't waste time portraying Bella as a \\"typical\\" newborn.  Nothing about Bella has ever been \\"normal\\", so it would've weakened the story (and made it really tedious to read) if she had gone against that grain now.    AND, I really liked the messages Meyer told about what lengths a mother is willing to go to, to protect her child.  Bella's allegiance with Rosalie, Leah's conversation with Jacob defending the behavior, Bella's belief in Alice's plans for their future...  All of those things are just supporting that message.    I could go on for a good long while about the great things about this book.  I thought it was absolutely fantastic!      My only complaint now is that it's over...
031606792X|4.0|NO SPOILERS:    I am a HUGE fan of this series and I waitied anxiously for the book to come out. I have re-read the other 3 countless times.   I was amazed....stunned...actually by the first 150 pages.    The characters are growing up....this isnt high school anymore and she shows it in her writing. They are dealing with changes in relationships and it shows. This is totally and completely different from the others...But please read for yourself to come up with your own conlusion.    The thing is, when I finished the book I asked myself a question that a young 11 year old reader asked Stephenie Meyer at one of her book signings: \\"Will I feel complete at the end of Breaking Dawn?\\"    The answer for me, is yes....100% yes.
B000XA5K48|1.0|The plot was NON-existent... ok there was something of a plot, but then it turned on itself to MAKE NO PLOT. A movie about mindless...MINDLESS and impossible shooting/killing coupled with an anti-gun attack on the U.S. Constition 2nd Ammendment rights. Paul G. cops a feel on the boob of a dead/shot-through-the-head lactating  mother??? and this is entertainment? While the \\"hero\\" is in the middle of having sex, he simultainiously shoots badguys all the time with his woman wrapped around him, moaning with pleasure and ignorant of the bullets flying past her skull.... and this is entertainment?? maybe mindless, idiotic, loaded with BAD TASTE entertainment. How Clive Owen got roped into this one is beyond me. Save your money on this one and pick up \\"Sin City\\" from Amazon if you want kool action WITH A PLOT and good writing.
031606792X|5.0|I thought Breaking Dawn was a beautiful end to Stephenie Meyer's Saga, it was funny, romantic and passionate, loving in all facets of the word, and very enjoyable.    Bella had a child at 19.  Bella got married at 18.    Who cares?    She fought for eternal love and won.    Happy endings do exist in real life. Maybe no one will have to battle vampires to get it, but they do exist. So does love that lasts forever.     Take that from the book. Enjoy it. Stephenie wrote it beautifully.
0312427999|5.0|One of the most significant books of the year, with an acute restatement of a leftist viewpoint freed from the miasma of leftist dogma and jargon. The basic critique restates the perennial issue of the appropropriation of science as ideology, here the abuse of free market economics for purposes of exploitation. The critique of Freidman and the Chicago boys is as plain as it is devastating, cutting through the mystifications of market mythologies to see the people behind them driving the agenda. The connection to the history of mind control 'research' from the fifties onward is especially interesting. Hopefully the reader will read the book and come away able to cut through the pronouncements on economics he sees in the public media.
0316143472|5.0|If you like David Sedaris you will love this!  It is laugh-out-loud funny.  If you grew up in the 60's/70's with several siblings you will feel like you could have been a member of his family.  His writing should be made into movies with, of course, his sister Amy playing his mother!  Imagine casting that movie!
031606792X|5.0|I really did love this last book in the Twighlight series.  It tied everything up quite nicely and while it was a bit fairy tale-ish, it left the reader with a wonderful satisfied feeling of happily ever after.
031606792X|5.0|Is it seriously that bad that it all turned out okay? This book isn't my favorite of the series, but I really enjoyed it. I loved the bickering that went on between Rosalie and Jacob. Esp when she brought him food in a \\"dog bowl.\\" And I was relieved that Bella was less whiney.     Side note: did anyone else open the table of contents and realize that there were only 7 chapters and freak out a little bit? It through me off a little when I realized there were \\"3 books\\" in the book. But I thought it was clever and really liked it. I also loved that she made a list of the vampires at the end. Good thinking.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|Every American should see this DVD!!!  Makes us see our Founding Fathers as real people, not the stiff figures in the history books, not the comic figures in \\"1776\\" (although it was entertaining).    We see them as politicians as well as human beings.  People haven't changed a lot since 1776 and the years following.  This series is well done and will make you proud to be an American!!!!!
B000BJ7BCK|5.0|This is my 2 1/2 year old boy's favorite movie (and I don't find it really annoying either).  It's pretty fun and Disney so there's nothing too scary or adult for him.
1572816112|5.0|I am very Happy with this deck. It took a while for it to finally release but the wait was worth it. Very dark but unique deck. Would highly recomend this deck. Good job Patrick.    The Kipster
0312117337|5.0|I bought the cards and book basically as a guide for focusing and meditation, which works quite well. They are based on the same concept as the traditional tarot cards, so I figure that anyone the uses the tarot cards will find these quite easy to work with. I had read a couple of books by Osho before I came across these cards, so it makes sense that he would incorporate his philosophy into these zen tarot cards.
031606792X|4.0|This book to me stayed pretty true to the saga. Yes there was a lot of info that probably would have been better splitting it up into two books rather then cramming it all in this final book, because there was so much that could be expanded on. But I this is was the perfect ending to the story. The characters grew up and the love story stayed true to being a love story. I keep hearing how this book sent out a negative message to young readers which is a load of crap honestly. Yes there was a lot touched on Bella and Edwards sexual relationship but they were MARRIED! HELLLO that's what married especially newlyweds do. Their unconditional love for each other was so strong I couldn't wait until they finally got to have each other how romantic!?! And if people are so mad that this gave young readers the wrong message, really why would you want your child to get a life message from a vampire love story anyway??? Its a love story and old fashioned, they waited till they got married before sex and a baby what more can you ask they were happy. Maybe Bella was young, but from the beginning of the series she was portrayed as a mature girl, someone who didn't act 18, which is one of the reasons Edward could relate and didn't have a hard time with her age. SO all in all some surprises may be hard to except but being the last book it showed each character grow and mature and their future. As for the happy ending and how everyone got what they wanted, why is everyone so upset about that. Me personally if I wrote a fantasy love story I would want mine to end happy to, its not like there were no struggles at all in this book or any of the others, but just because they got past the struggles and had a happy ending doesn't make this book at all a disappointed. Bella and Edward ended up together forever with a child how awesome and what and amazing love story Thank SM!
031606792X|4.0|...which was to be entertained.    Reading the Twilight series in the last three years, I have learned not to expect \\"great literature\\" from Meyer. I'm not raving about her writing, nor do I think she's a particularly thought-provoking author who can stir deep emotions or questions about values and such. If I wanted those things, I would pick a different book or author (Ian McEwan comes to mind). But I think Meyer can spin a good story--one that is fantastic, at times ludicrous, but thoroughly entertaining. In this sense, she has her own gift as a storyteller.    Breaking Dawn is not different from the rest of the series, though perhaps darker, more gruesome, more sexual, more transitions for the characters. There was also more Jacob, which put me off a bit, as I felt disconnected from Bella and Edward in his Book. But how much more fantastic is the idea of a \\"monster spawn\\" than a high school girl cavorting with vampires and werewolves? In Meyer's world it is just as fantastic, and therefore just as plausible. I suspended all disbelief and went along for the ride.    And quite a ride it was. I laughed, cried a bit, was shocked at some parts, felt thrilled, felt romantic, and was kept up all night reading it. In other words, I enjoyed it. I don't love it, but neither do I hate it. But I was engaged while reading it, which was what I was hoping and expecting. Therefore, my rating of 4 stars.
B001BTG3OQ|5.0|As good as the SB800 is over the old SB28 that I used on my D1, is how much better the SB900 is over the SB800. Fast, powerful, a bit large, so you are going to be even more obvious, which will float some boats anyhow, but an almost - too - powerful primary.  Highly recommended.
031606792X|1.0|This book is such a disappointment.  And that's putting it lightly.    The author has a huge fan base; this much is clear.  From all the readers who fell in love with Edward or Jacob and were completely involved in Bella's plight, everyone wanted to see how this would end.  Before this book, I thought the strongest book in this series was the 3rd book, for the simple reason that the stakes were higher and Bella seemed to finally realize that in order for her to become a vampire and be with Edward forever, she had to make choices that would involve sacrifice on her part - for example, having to be away from her father and other humans for her \\"newborn\\" years and giving up so many human experiences.  For these reasons, I looked forward to Breaking Dawn.  I wanted to see how Bella would react to the transformation or if it would even happen overall.  I wanted to see her struggle with the new life she chose and have her come to terms with what she gave up and decide if it was worth it.    Sadly, this was not to be.  And therein lies the basic problem with this book.    One thing that constantly annoyed me about Bella in previous books was how eager she was to become a vampire and be with Edward forever, but she was so reluctant to marry him.  I failed to see how marrying someone is more of a commitment than becoming immortal and being with the person for all of eternity.  To be perfectly honest, there were many things I didn't like about the previous books; I simply overlooked them in favor of the greater story.  Sure, plenty of editing should have been done, but that was okay because the story was still interesting.    In Breaking Dawn, Bella and Edward marry very soon after the book opens, and it just goes downhill from there.  Plot twists were completely unbelievable and came out of nowhere; other parts were foreshadowed so much that I figured them out way before our main character did.  I have never hated fictional characters as much as I hated the people within this book's pages.  When Bella gets pregnant (which didn't surprise me all that much because it was a plot so common in bad fan-fiction, which is what this book read like), the baby grows ridiculously fast inside her and is literally killing her, draining everything out of her.  And yet Bella refuses to let anyone help her and wants nothing more in the world than the baby.  I hated this because it seemed like the author wanted to beat us over the head with this pro-life message of \\"your baby's life is more important than yours - even if you might die!\\"  Of course, Bella can't die because she can easily be saved by being turned into a vampire!  So the excitement factor there was low.  And the plot uninteresting.  Bella was so selfish too, thinking of names for the baby and planning the future out without talking about it with Edward.  And then Jacob made so many stupid moves as well!  I can't even begin to describe how frustrated I grew the more I read.    Another overall problem with this book is that the stakes were non-existent.  I expected - I WANTED - a great battle at the end.  I wanted to see conflict as Bella transformed into a vampire.  I wanted to see something that made me wonder how it would work out, how everything would end.  But nothing happened!  Everything just kind of worked out. (Some general spoilers follow this!!!)  Instead of Bella having a hard time cutting contact with her father, Charlie is okay with Bella's new state and just accepts that there are things he won't/can't know.  Bella doesn't have a difficult time controlling her thirst as a newborn, she's just that special.  And at the end, instead of a big battle, a stand of good vs. evil, or even something to show how much the characters have grown... they sort of talk it out and walk away.  The end!  What the...?      I like a happy ending as well as the next person, but I want to feel like I earned the happy ending!  I want to feel like the book took me through a whirlwind of emotions and kept me guessing until the last moment.  That's when a happy ending is a big payoff.  This was more like, Bella is perfect!  Everything works out perfectly!  Everyone lives happily ever after!  Think of it like Cinderella getting happily ever after as soon as she met the prince, without going through all the drama of the shoe in the middle.  Not much of a payoff because not much drama.  Sigh.    I wanted to like this book.  But the author made it so difficult by giving me virtually nothing to like!  Granted, there are a few amusing lines, but the book overall is so bad that it negates any parts I liked.  I don't want to reread this.  I don't want anyone else to be subjected to this mess.  I want the time I spent reading this back!      The sad thing is, I've read fan-fiction better than this.  I'm guessing you have to write bad fan-fiction to enjoy this!  I'm very disappointed that this book was so poor and wonder why no one let the author know what a mess this was before it got published.  I'm just glad I checked it out of the library and didn't waste money on the book!!
031606792X|1.0|This book doesn't even read like Meyer! The characters are unidimensional, the plotline snatched from Rosemary's Baby and the grammatical errors are daunting.    What on earth happened?
031606792X|5.0|I hate to break it to people but the book is about Bella's perspective... the book is not about Edward... wait for Midnight Sun for that.    I thought this book was great for many reasons. One, Bella and Edward get married!!! And they are happy. Two, they have a child- Something the other Cullens want but can't have. Three, Jacob is happy and I think it makes perfect sense that him and Nessie would be meant to be (remember he is basically immortal)!     I loved it.
0785125965|3.0|It was good to see the Hulk get back to mindless smashing of opponents instead of reading months of puny Banner hiding from the big bad secret organization that was out to get him.     Nice change of pace and a fun read.
B000Q6GX5Y|3.0|Ok, I gotta be honest, I loved 300 movie. I purchased this movie because I wanted to have it.  Honestly I dont see any improvement from a DVD version to this one. It is way noticeable that the movie was sort of upconverted. Quality is not that good.
B00007KWHG|5.0|I SAW THE PLAY AND BOUGHT THE CD.  IT IS PHENOMENAL.  WENT TO AMAZON TO PURCHASE IT ALSO FOR A FAMILY  MEMBER AND THEY LOVE IT TOO!  SUPERB!
031606792X|2.0|Let's get it straight I am a DIE hard devoted Twilight fan. Ask me 3 days ago if I would have dreamed giving this book 2 stars, I wouldn't have believed you. The very foundation of Twilight was almost shaken with this train-wreck of a book.<br /><br />1st-the pregnancy/baby. I have never read fanfic but I imagine if I did, I would have skipped over this ridiculous topic. The lack luster wedding should have tipped me off that this book wasn't going to be what I expected or hoped. But Bella being pregnant?? Ludacris. If Meyer were going for a shock factor, she got me and not in a good way. The name Renesmee is just horrible.<br /><br />2nd-Jacob. Imprinting with the baby is disturbing. My skin crawled for the rest of the book. Team Nahuel for Renesmee. Then the entire middle was dedicated uselssly to his boring story?? The wedding was 2 pages but we got 200 pages of wolf dialogue(??!!). Could she force Jacob in the story more than she had? It was contrite and never flowed. It was too much to ask to tie his story up early and have him fade out so the story could get back to the bones of what made it great...the Bella and Edward love story.<br /><br />3rd-Vampire Bella. I was busting at the seams to read about this since book 1 and it was given to us through the sci-fi delivery a la Pulp Fiction. One thing I loved is when she became a vampire, the description and couple chapters afterward were great.<br /><br />If I blinked I would have missed Edward. She left the romance at the door. The Volturi are some really intriguing villians and a battle would have added something grand if she would have just put a little imagination into it. Start in Bella's last third of the book-take out the baby, take out Jacob add some imagination THEN it would have been a spectacular finale.<br />I LOVE happy endings but the means the get there in this book were not justified. More things in this book were too weird, too sparse or felt like a cop out then what felt satisfing, whole or magical.
B0017XOF5A|2.0|I should have gone with the DVD. The image quality on this is the worst of any Blu-Ray in my collection. It looks like a DVD, actually. That said, it bogs down my HTPC more than any other Blu-Ray in my collection. It stops, lurches, and the sound gets really out of sync. It also flips out completely for a few frames here and there and displays a randomly colored pixelated image.    The movie itself is a good rompin' episode of the sci fi classic. But save your money and get the DVD.    UPDATE: I upgraded the firmware on my LG drive and it solved most of the issues with this disc. The lurching/stuttering/syncing problems are gone. It still goes bonkers with the pixelated image from time to time. For the most part, the disc is now watchable. But it's still a very disappointing Blu-Ray.
0716748789|3.0|wow, I see lots of people don't like Atkins. Read my listmania list (\\"fundamentals of inorganic chemistry\\") for other titles worth considering and then do yourself a favor and buy Concise Inorganic Chemistry by J.D. Lee - not many people are aware of this fine book.    If looking for a decent book on symmetry, group theory check out my \\"symmetry and group theory for chemistry students\\" list. These titles are for students - i.e. not designed to impress the professoriate.
031606792X|1.0|This book was just as bad as the other three so I don't get the big fuss.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|Excellent. It has captivateded my whole family ( all adults). It holds your intrest so much that you can hardly stop watching after 2 hours to go to bed.
031606792X|1.0|Not only does Breaking Dawn seem completely not in place with the rest of the Twilight books, but it was all completely predictable as well.    (SPOILERS BELOW)    I predicted everything from Jacob imprinting on Nessie (even though she'll die in about 15 years and is Bella's daughter), Jacob making his own pack, to the Volturi's decision and the happily ever after ending. I also was begging for an ending where everyone perished but of course, knowing Smeyer, she would never have an ending that wasn't sad. Fine.  The only thing that caught me off guard and thinking \\"wtf?\\" to myself was Bella's pregnancy. Not only is Bella married at 18, but she also has a child at 18. The pregnancy is brutal, and the way Smeyer wrote it left you speechless in a bad way. She gives birth to 'Renesmee' (yeah I know, weird name) and she is some kind of demon baby.   You see? It just doesn't seem like a normal Twilight book.    \\"What was Smeyer smoking when she wrote this?\\" has been the main question that everyone has been asking. I want to know the answer as well, because disappointment to this extent needs to be explained.     If I were Smeyer, I would so ashamed. I would even write a whole new book like an alternate ending that is actually good. Then, the whole world wouldn't be as pissed off about the disappointing Breaking Dawn.    All in all, I would stick with the first 3 books in the series: Twilight, New Moon, and Eclipse. Breaking Dawn just flips everything upside down and makes you utterly appalled. BD basically lost the innocence of the rest of the Twilight books. Shame.
0743289692|5.0|I first learned about the author on a news program.  Her message, though forced into sound bites, was riveting.  After ordering and reading \\"Infidel\\" I sent additional copies to my liberally educated daughters.  I am only sorry that the book does not include the rest of her life, but we must wait for her to live it!  Ali's book has many messages, but it never says \\"this is the message,\\" because it is embedded in her story.  The glimpses into her childhood years look so strange to our eyes, like a look into a medieval time.  Her maltreatment, much of it at the hands of those who should have been nurturing and encouraging her, is truly tragic.  Her escape from the self-serving control of her proud father and would-be husband is both suspenseful and triumphant.  While Ali's initial acceptance by her European hosts is laudatory, their inability to perceive the threat to their own  generous and accepting culture by uncontrolled immigration of people with totally different values is troubling.  An autobiography contains inarguable truth - it is simply an account of what happened.  Ali does not attempt to boast or preach.  Her journey was made a step at a time without any clear idea of where it would lead.  She only did what was necessary to survive with her integrity and identity intact.  Coming from a culture where she was not considered a person of free will and value, she had the fortitude to risk everything to live a life of her choosing and not to compromise or give in to intolerable pressure to conform and be controlled.  May we all have such strength of character!
031606792X|1.0|I am an English teacher who began reading the Twilight saga this summer in order to find books to recommend to my students. I never expected to fall in love with Bella's story and the characters within. Stephenie Meyer created a secondary world where love to the highest degree was explored and captivated. Even though I knew Edward and the Cullens weren't real, Stephenie brought them to life so much that we all had to question \\"Maybe?\\" I have been eagerly awaiting Breaking Dawn, read it in a 24 hour period, only to find myself staring at the last page going \\"What just happened here?\\"  There are several questions that I want to ask Stephenie. The first is, \\"Knowing how much you care about your characters, why are they suddenly 2-dimensional?\\" Edward, the apple of every young girl's eye, is suddenly portrayed as a distant father who wants to sex it up with Bella and takes a backseat to the story. Bella, the insecure girl whom ALL female readers can somehow identify with, who never wanted marriage or a child, suddenly becomes Supermom who is no longer clumsy and has the superpower of being....(gasp) not a crazy newborn. Jacob, a character who had so much room to grow in this book, is now like a tamed dog given a biscuit.  The second question is \\"Why start a completely new plot instead of finishing the ones you have already started?\\" I feel that with the Volturi, the treaty with the werewolves (excuse me, shape-shifters), and Bella's transformation, that is plenty to write about. Instead, the plot seemed like miles and miles of fan fiction. At one point I wondered if Meyer had really hired someone else to write the book while she finished up The Host.   Finally, I want to look her in the eye and say, \\"I know you began writing these stories for yourself...but it's too late for that. What about us?\\" When you write something that touches people, you have to keep them in mind when you are writing about characters they too care about. My mother always said that she disciplined me because she loved me. That translates to writing...sometimes, the characters must go through pain for the greater good. We saw that in Harry Potter. I know it's not the same, but still. Wouldn't it have been a great message for Jacob to realize that there are other kinds of love than the Edward/Bella kind, and he and Leah could have really been companions for each other? Wouldn't it be great to see Bella really want to get married for the right reasons?   Right now I just want Stephenie Meyer to know that she did more than lose sales with this book. She has affected readers deeply with this lack of a satisfying ending for Breaking Dawn.
031606792X|1.0|This was the worst, atrocious piece of \\"Mary Sue\\" literature I've ever read.    *Spoilers!*    NONE of the characters were IN character.  They were all extremely OOC.  And like everyone else, I have to agree that it read like BAD fanfiction.  Ouch, right?  OUCH.  Edward wasn't charming or mysterious, Bella was pregnant teenage girl desparate to save her hybrid baby (that everyone wanted to murder at first), and Jacob seemed normal up until he imprinted on the baby.  I refuse to type or say the name because I absolutely hate it.    Also, it made no sense that Jacob had been mooning over Bella for how long and then all of a sudden he falls in love (\\"imprints\\") on her daughter???  And then to toss in some ridiculous logic Jacob tells Bella that now they can be a REAL family.  OMG, none of it makes sense.  He's supposed to be in love with Bella!  I thought the fourth book would focus more on the Bella/Edward/Jacob love triangle, building up to the impending wedding of Edward and Bella.  What the hell was the point ot Team Edward and Team Jacon if the book was going to be about a BABY!      Edward seemed like such a loser in this book!  After I finished \\"Breaking Dawn\\", I went back to \\"Twilight\\" because I wanted to remind myself that yes, Edward was dashing, mysterious and charming.  I mean, look in \\"Twilight\\", he was being charming and interesting in there.  But, all he did was be the \\"BURNING MAN\\" in this book.  He was unrecognizable and so LAME, like one of those ridiculously good-looking models with no personality.    Bella, I can't even begin with her.  I absolutely hated her in this book.  Really, she loathed early marriage and couldn't even fathom the idea of being a pregnant teenager, and one look in the mirror changes everything.  Not to mention, she was the epitome of \\"Mary Sue\\" in the book, which made everything worse.  Everything she represented in the first book went out the window for the final.  She was the most disappointing character out of all of them.Like someone else wrote in their review, I'd rather go back and read fanfiction for a better version of Breaking Dawn.  I'm sure someone out of all us raging fans will take that torch and re-write it at least.    And yes, I'm aware that SM tried her best and we should appreciate it etc, but you can't expect people not to be super pissed off!  Because we are, really, really pissed off!  I mean, what a huge let down for such a highly anticipated finale to an epic.        I could go on for hours about how disappointed I was, but all us reviewers seem to have the same dissapointment pointed out, so I won't do that.    I vote re-write.  I want my money back!  I agree with everyone else, to borrow it at the library so when you're so pissed at the end, you won't set the damn book on fire.
0380713802|5.0|Bryson brings his characteristic humor to his explorations of Europe.  While his observations can sometimes be a bit mean-spirited, he also pokes fun at himself, and many of his observations are quite funny, if clearly exaggerated.  Starting in the artic north of Norway, and continuing in a zigzag pattern across the continent, Bryson explores many of the most famous of Europe's cities, as well as some more obscure locals.  While he notes the changes in Sofia that occurred after his visit, his descriptions of Yugoslavia are even more dated (starting with the fact that Yugoslavia doesn't exist anymore!).  Fans of Bryson's humor won't be disappointed, but if you're looking for a guide to traveling in Europe, this probably won't be your best resource.
B000F4RHB6|5.0|Saying I'm a big HLN fan is an understatement.  I have all their albums.  What was missing were the single edits of many of my favorites.  This album has many of those.  I got the version with the music videos too.  These guys had some truly great videos and those are included with that version.  Many \\"greatest\\" CDs are barely OK.  This is a GREATEST of greats, from the song selection to the packaging.
0786838655|5.0|I purchased this book for my 12 year old son.  He loved it so much that he has continued to read the whole series too. He read each one in a week. He couldn't put it down. It was action packed and engrossing to him. This is especially notable because getting him to read has become more and more difficult since he turned 10. So, if a book gets kids to READ, that's a 5 star book to me.  I try to read some of my kids books to motivate them to read.  I have not (and will not) read his Star Wars books but I did read this book and, as I loved them too, read the rest of the series as well.  I love the way Riordan has meshed the mythological gods with our current times and I think kids can relate to Percy on a personal level, with his teenage issues and frustrations. Riordan has done a wonderful job not only entertaining kids but educating them and the best of all, getting them READING!!! And now that it will be in the movies soon, my son is excited to see it.  It should be an amazing movie, as was the book. It's a definite read (and now, see)!!
031606792X|3.0|I have to say that Breaking Dawn was certainly a compelling read. I definitely would have to admit that I couldn't put it down. It's just that I think that was because I was so rapidly turning the pages, hoping for a few things that never really ended up happening.     What I Missed:  *A single one of the long, intimate, meaningful and lovely conversations     between Bella and Edward that we've all loved and have grown to expect in   these books. (This one was just HORMONES and very little else!)  *A \\"Gee, I'm really sorry about wanting you to abort our child, Bella,\\" or   a \\"Thanks so much for enduring that horrendous pregancy so that I could   be a beneficiary of this incredible experience of parenthood, Bella\\" or a   \\"I feel so guilty, still, about taking away your soul, Bella\\"  from    Edward. (Where was our sensitive hero in this book? He seemed just so   annoyingly distracted the whole time.)  * A few more tender family scenes WITHOUT SO MUCH Jacob! So distracting    and frankly, irritating.  *Just one real father-daughter connection scene between Edward and R.    (Did he have any feelings one way or the other about being a father?)    What I Expected and ENJOYED:  *The wedding (at last!)  *The sensual honeymoon without over-the-top explicitness. (SM has never    made a secret of the fact that she would not write a sex scene, so I'm   not sure why so many reviewers were disappointed by that.)  *The baby--I was happy they were able to share that.(Just wish that    pregnancy/delivery hadn't been so revolting.)  *A reason to admire Bella again. (That was diffcult to do in Eclipse.)  *Bella being turned into a vampire. (Although, I DIDN'T expect her    enjoyment at the taste of blood. I really thought SM had prepared us for   a vamp-Bella who really didn't enjoy that so much, with all her previous   mentionings of Bella's nausea at the smell of blood, so I was taken aback   by her bloodlust in BD.)  *The ending with the Volturri, which I thought was thrilling andmeaningful without another huge battle scene (been there, done that!) at    the end, contrary to a lot of other reviewers' opinions, I guess.  *A happy ending! (That was very nice. How could we expect anything else?)    What I Didn't Expect:  *The \\"shape-shifting\\" idea! Liked that!  *The object of Jacob's imprinting. Didn't like that so much. (Didn't think   it was kinky-- just didn't like it.)  *Blood-drinking baby. (Ick.)  *Bella's \\"shield.\\" That was cool!  *The glamorization of being a vampire. (Quite an unbalanced, unrealistic,   and unsatisfying resolution, I thought.)      But I guess I would say that I liked BD. I didn't love it. I'd expected more. But I still thought it was good, and overall, I very much have enjoyed the series!
B0017I1FNK|5.0|I absolutely love this cd... it was worth the wait.  Personally think it's her best since Wrecking Ball, but then again I love everything she does.  If you love Emmylou you must add this to your collection.
006123205X|5.0|Definitely buy this CD if you don't have the time to read the book... it's a great introduction and you can listen to it while you're cleaning or making dinner...
031606792X|5.0|*NO SPOILERS*    I loved this book for the same reason I loved the other three-I could not put it down. Sure, there are weaknesses, but I feel those weaknesses existed in the other three.  As far as the storyline, Stephenie has said many times the ending was in her head before this was even published.  I admire her ability to stay true to herself and the story she wanted written, despite the way it's being reacted to by so many people.  I agree with many others, that I love these stories because they are fiction and give an escape. We cannot expect them to be maps for real life, and any concerns we have, we should talk to our children and other young adults about.    Any complaints about characters getting lost I place on the shoulders of the editors and not Stephenie.  Stephenie had to fight to even get the chance to make this a four book series instead of three, so it is not her fault that there was not enough room for all the characters we all love so much.      And, finally, this book does take on more adult themes and begins to venture out of the \\"young adult\\" realm.  I can see how this has upset many people, but I enjoyed seeing the conitnued progression of the characters.  Despite its flaws, I give it five stars because Stephenie has an amazing way to draw you in and take you to another world, which is a rare talent.
B000JBWWQ0|3.0|I read and enjoyed the book and was very much looking forward to seeing the movie.  I think it lost something in the translation.  However if you've not read the book, you might enjoy it.  Rent it first.  Or better yet, if you haven't already, read the book.  xox  MEF
031606792X|5.0|theres nothing i can really say except that i really enjoyed it.i did however feel as if mrs.meyer did change some of her beloved charecters only a little.but it was still a good read.
031606792X|5.0|*Spoilers*    Alright. Let me start by saying that I am a fan of the Twilight saga and have been a loyal follower since four months after Twilight was released.    Now, let me also say that I have not let that fact affect my judgment of Breaking Dawn, of which I had many qualms.    For the sake of being oxymoronic, I'll start with the conclusion.     Stephenie Meyer has said before that she loves happy endings and will always write them. While I too am a fan of such endings, I feel that it is only logical to have a realistic sense of loss, or perhaps struggle, before we get there.    So it was that upon hearing the newest title, \\"Breaking Dawn\\", I theorized that the said title was some kind of pretty metaphor for the fact that the morning sunshine has to break through clouds before its light can reach, and subsequently warm, the Earth.      I was wrong.    In a sense, Stephenie Meyer \\"copped out\\", giving most of her characters the happy endings they all wanted and dreamed of, even if it meant defying some of her own logic and notions to get there. 98 parts dread and just 2 parts struggle defined the simple and impractical formula of her (anti?)climax. This particular ray of sunlight encountered no clouds in its voyage to Earth (paradoxical considering the setting of the novel in the cloud-covered Forks, WA!).     Also bothersome was the addition of a vampire-human-hybrid-baby into the story. If you don't know who the baby's parents are, I won't spoil, though you must be living under a rock if you're reading this review and yet are still unaware.    With the baby came many questions as to why Stephenie would blatantly defy the rules which SHE defined in favor of a story arc reminiscent of fanfiction. While I can't answer that, or try and reason why THAT was the direction in which Stephenie choose to direct her story, I can say this: any qualms *I* personally had with this issue were resolved easily with the 754-page mammoth (I guess the saying is true that time healsall wounds!). By the time I got to Book 3 (Stephenie had the novel partitioned into three \\"books\\"), my earlier resentment was all but vanished.    Which was beneficial, as if the book had been any shorter, my temper would've stopped me from continuing!    Jacob Black, a character I have always, if not liked, sympathized for, got a chance to tell his story in the second 'book' of Breaking Dawn, and in the process, my appreciation increased ten fold. However, all positive feelings for him were completely and utterly eradicated in book three, when an imprinting-gone-awry gave Jacob a completely false sense of entitlement to the aforementioned vamp-baby. He was so irritating as to argue against the baby's rightful mother holding her, and later to endow the poor child with a nickname 'Nessie', shared only by the widely known Loch Ness Monster. I am strongly against animal abuse, but in this case, I was willing to make an exception.    Another factor in 'Breaking Dawn' that threw me for a loop was the presence of sex. Bella and Edward kissed less than a dozen times in Twilight. Their lack of ability to let loose physically has always added a tense-yet-enjoyable aspect to their relationship, one I always wished against but enjoyed anyway. Meyer threw this aspect out the window in Breaking Dawn, making Bella a complete nymphomaniac (Bella actually wakes up in sobs after she is roused from a dream of her doing the deed with Edward!). Sex is good when those participating are married. However, when one wishes to retain their mortality for the sole reason that they can CONTINUE having sex, it gets ridiculous and uncomfortable.    Issues regarding Bella's unavoidable change to an immortal and how she will subsequently deal with her parents are handled in an offhand, unusual way. Events which I expected to take the forefront, like her wedding, are put on the back burner in favor of more seemingly unimportant things, i.e. the honeymoon. I almost expected this, however, when I read the first chapter and already issues that I thought would be major plot points in the story, like how her parents would handle her acceptance to Edward's proposal, were solved completely. It still threw me into a whirlwind of emotions, though.    The Volturi, of course, is brought into the story (albeit several hundred pages in). The method through which they are introduced and eventually dispersed is completely unexpected and anticlimactic. Though this is a staple of a Stephenie Meyer novel, I *was* expecting something a bit different for the conclusion that was billed as \\"breathtaking\\".     It certainly took my breath away, though I am not sure if its method was positive or a negative.    And though my rant has so far seemed negative, I give the book *tentatively* four stars. Oddly, I had a hard time deciding on whether or not to give it five.     Because, in retrospection, the book was smashing. It was epic in the most unexpected of ways, and though I had so many problems and complaints and confusions and surprises whilst reading, when I finally read the very last page, I was, simply, a whirlwind of emotions. A day later and I am still not quite sure how I feel.     When I finished New Moon years back, I was mad. Upon a recent reread in preparation of the finale, I realized just how much I loved it. A similar situation happened with Eclipse. Twilight was a book I loved automatically.    Yet neither of the sequels left me in the haze Breaking Dawn has. Unlike with Harry Potter 7, I don't feel angrily and disappointedly robbed with the ending of a favorite series (which says a lot, as I hold the Twilight Saga a fair amount higher in regards!). Sure, I feel sad and depressed that it is over, but I can honestly say that we've all been given our fair go.    I love Bella and the Cullens, and all of the others in the Twilight universe, and I think Breaking Dawn put them through the last loop of their literary journey. I am content and utterly joyous to know that theyall can now get and retain their happily ever afters.     People may say otherwise, but I am utterly certain in my conviction that Stephenie Meyer has given us all of the closure we could ever require from our favorite bookshelf pals.    Maybe Breaking Dawn itself was the cloud in the sky. I am pleased to say that the sunlight has battled itself through flawlessly.    And what do you know? I started this review by giving the book four stars.    I have thoroughly convinced myself now that it is worthy of five.    In conclusion, and in summation of all of the wonderful, confusing, content, and downright joyous feelings this *breathtaking* series has given me, I only have one thing left to say to Stephenie Meyer. One thing which I think *ALL* readers of this series should say.    Thank you, Stephenie Meyer.
031606792X|1.0|I am quite surprised at how many people actually liked this book.  I have been a huge fan ever since the twilight series came out in 2005.  I have followed the series very closely and have been to a couple of Meyer's book signings etc.  I have been a VERY big fan.  Once I read Eclipse last year I have been excited beyond all reason to see how everything would unfold in the last book, but then I read Breaking Dawn... and I did not know what to feel at first.  But then I began reading reviews and I began leaning more toward the people that rated it with one star rather than with five stars.    In Eclipse it is evident that Bella needs to pick either to be with Edward or Jacob and we all knew that she loved Edward unconditionally, but loved Jacob in another.  In Breaking Dawn somehow she got everything.  That's just not fair!  Every great series something compltely tragic happens, but NOTHING happened to Bella.  She got everything!!!  Why did couldn't she lose SOMETHING!?!!? And ultimately the story line because lost within the mess that Stephenie Meyer wrote in Breaking Dawn.  The book was so different compared to the other three and it was just an utter disappointment.      I'm sorry Stephenie Meyer you are still amazing on your own level that you became extremely famous within just a matter of three short years, but I feel that you may have lost your touch at making a fantasy stay alive
B000002H70|5.0|This is the best The Cure album-Period!  A real Gem. It's one of my favorite albums ever.  Opening song is amazing. They started with \\"Plain Song\\" concert in September 1996 in NYC in Radio City Music Hall. It was the best concert I have ever seen.  I don't want to analyze music on this album, it's simply flawless. Songs like \\"Plain Song\\", \\"Love Song\\", \\"Pictures of You\\" or amazing \\"The Same Deep Water as You\\" are example of musical perfection and beauty. Thank you The Cure!
031606792X|2.0|This review contains spoilers. I'm very sorry to give this book such a low rating, because I enjoyed the previous three books, and loved The Host even more. Having greatly anticipated, then inhaled this 750-page book as quickly as I could, I was highly disappointed in the ending.    There were many things that I liked about the book, especially how the Edward/Jacob issue was resolved, but I had really hoped that something in the DNA would have happened between the wolves and the vampires to completely eradicate both traits and make everyone human. (Maybe this will happen in a future book if the Jacob-Renesmee DNA combines?) It seemed that there were clues leading up to this, then the ending was anticlimactic and flat, and it was all \\"happily ever after\\" forever. There's no happily ever after if you've defeated the volturi but you know they're angry and will eventually come after you again (and they know where you live).    I have a HUGE problem with the fact that while the Covens and a few of their friends are \\"vegetarians\\", they have more friends who do kill humans, whom they purposely gather to their home to witness for Renesmee to the Volturi. During the weeks they were preparing, their friends hunted many times, although they respected the Covens' wishes to stay outside of a 300-mile radius of the area so none of Bella's human friends and family would be murdered. While Bella says that thinking about this made her \\"uncomfortable\\" she was still willing to sacrifice many innocent human lives to save the life of HER daughter and HER immediate family. Any good mother I know would not willingly allow this.    It also really bugged me that even after she became a mother she said several times that if Edward died she would have to die also. Again, incredibly selfish to leave your child.    There were many creative and innovative aspects to this story but these moral issues really grated on me. I could see there could be room for another book in terms of the werewolf/human/vampire DNA issues but basically I can't see any moral value in being or associating with a human-killing vampire--if I were one (and we KNOW that it's possible for a vampire to be killed) and I knew I was a danger to humans, I would arrange for myself to be killed rather than harm anyone else.
B0000A118M|5.0|I have a small but highly acclaimed jazz collection. This is the jewel, my favorite, only tied by kind of blue in quality. An essential, not for jazz lovers, but rather music lovers.
031606792X|5.0|I honestly don' understand all of this negative feedback for this book. I really enjoyed it...actually, I liked it much better than I liked any of the previous books. True, it was a bit easy to figure out from the begining, the main plot points. The journey through them, however, was fascinating to me.    True, some people say that this book was a \\"cop out\\", that Meyer just convienitly made everything work out in the end. SO WHAT? Life isn't like that most of the time, we all know that. Life rarely works out so perfefctly that we get everything that we have always wanted. But...THIS IS FICTION. This is NOT reality. She wasn't writing a birography about the life and times of Miss Bella Swan. She was writing a FAKE story about FAKE characters, is it so awful that she wants everything to turn out right? That all of these characters we have all grown to know and love, get to have their happy ending. Life isn't perfect...why must she shove this fact into the faces of the millions of teenaged girls who read this book? Why must she force them to have a doom and gloom outlook on life? That would be pointless. The point of a FICTIONAL NOVEL is escapist. You read a book to take a journey that you couldn't take in real life.     The only thing that I was really disappointed about is the way that Meyer tends to cop out when it comes to the action scenes. Sure she can describe a grusome \\"birth\\" to perfection...but a single fight scene? Not generally her thing. The actual action tends to take place \\"off camera\\" or is resolved with some heavy dialouge. I wish that she would take more time in describing a battle of some sort.    I also don't understand how its such a far leap to some people that Bella didn't want kids and then decided, when she found out she was pregnant, that she wanted to have the baby. I can't see how you could react any other way in her position. She is pregnant (no matter how unlikely), by her husband, the man that she loves more than anything on this earth. Sure, she has some growing up to do, but as I have witnessed with friends who had children young, you grow up pretty fast when a child is involved. Most of the time anyway, there are of course the exceptions to that.    Anyway, I found the book highly entertaining. Sure it sends a few messages that aren't the greatest, but what Twilight book doesn't? Does nobody remember Edward blatanly STALKING Bella in the first book, and her being ok with that. What was that? I didn't let it deter me from enjoying the rest of the book/series.
B00000DOYH|5.0|The quality of the individual song may not be up to Led Zeppelin 1,2, or 4, but the diversity, indulgence, and inspiration make it just as interesting, good, and ultimatly the most entertaining. The essential Led Zeppelin album.    Note. People one gave this or other Led Zeppelin/Jimi Hendrix/Pink Floyd/Beatles etc, albums one star often listen to foreigner and mention it in their comments. What does this tell you? Foreigner, Genesis, and Yes stink and people who listen to them have no taste. If you want a better progressive group, go to pretty much any other band.
031606792X|2.0|I am not one of the rabid fans of this series. I kept reading mostly because I thought that Meyer had to eventually make good. The possibility that this story had to be fantastic was amazing. I will give her credit for being extremly creative with basic storylines. But she just doesn't know what to do once she has a good thing. At all.    I'm not even going to talk about all the things that were wrong with the series. I'm even going to skip over the horrible directions that Breaking Dawn tries to pull the reader in. I'm just going to say... Didn't anyone else notice that NOTHING happens?    SPOILERS    I'm sorry. The way that New Moon ended was perposterous. They just walked away? Ok, so Edward got a little bit electrified, but they really just show up, have a chat, and then go home. Now, I'm a big fan of recycling... soda cans! How could she do basically the EXACT same thing to end the whole series? How many chapters did she build up this huge life threatening battle only to have Bella save them all by STANDING THERE? Are you kidding me?    Before I read this series and people compared Meyer to JK Rowling, I was impressed. I was happy to hear of another unknown woman writer who was making good. But now I want to find those people and ask them if they've ever read any of either woman's work. Rowling isn't perfect. But where she succeeds as one of the preeminent writers of children's fiction is that she was willing to do what was right for her story, whether it difficult or not. She had battles because they were NECESSARY. She killed off characters because that's what happens when battles occur. She took the risks and it paid off. Meyer didn't even give her characters a chance to prove themselves. Harry and friends fought for their lives at the age of 11. Bella and her companions couldn't do that when most of them were a century old?    Pathetic.
B00005MNP8|5.0|The greatest new wave album not by the talking heads, surely one of the greatest albums of all time. The band never was this strong or consistent again.
B000GG4XJM|5.0|Springsteen mines the roots of his own music and produces quite a gem.      You knew that Springsteen must have looked up to guys like Pete Seeger, just based on the strong populist message that flows through everything he has written.   This album serves as the definitive missing link between Springsteen's inspiration and everything he has produced.       If 'Bruce!' fans are disappointed here, it's cause they aren't looking past the surface.  This is a vanity project, but it's much more similar to Springsteen's own music than it first appears.    This is also a valid history lesson.  The songs on this CD pretty much all originate as spirituals (slave music) or at least have origins that date back to the 19th Century.      Lucky for us, this history lesson comes in an aurally beautiful package.  The music is great.   It's approachable, but the only thing lost from the 60+ year old performances is all the crackle and fuzz in the background.   There is nothing like listening to this classic American music and being able to crank it up.....actually enjoy it like any other modern music.    Usually these 'extra track' CD's don't offer much, but this is not the case here.  'How Can a Poor Man...' alone makes the few extra bucks worth it, and none of the extra's are throw away.   They really kind of shafted the people who bought this CD early.
B0000024K1|5.0|If you don't like this you stand against everything rap was about in its glory day. Fun, funky, clever, avant garde, and overwhelming. Best rap album ever (that I've heard), probably one of my ten favorite CDs.
031606792X|5.0|I found this to be the most exciting, humorous and romantic book of the series.      Some books I've read have been so intense that I've had to skip ahead to see what happens just so I can relax and enjoy the book (i.e. in Harry Potter 7 I couldn't focus on the story until I knew if he lived or died, so I cheated).  Breaking Dawn was one of those books.  I had to peek at the ending because my heart was racing so much - there was so much action/suspense through different parts of the book!  Never a dull moment.      Stephenie Meyer said in an interview somewhere that a lot more of her humor would be in this book since her editor finally gets her sense of humor, and I saw that a lot.  So many funny interactions between the characters: Bella & Emmett, Rosalie & Jacob, Jacob & Charlie, Bella & Edward, Jacob & Alice, Bella & Jasper.  Jacob's chapter titles...hilarious.  A lot of sarcasm.  Lots of humor!  In several of the negative reviews I've read one of the complaints is that the person couldn't hear Stephenie in the book at all, like it was someone else who wrote it.  I completely disagree - the humor in this book brought her out even more I thought.      As for the romance, there were plenty of Bella/Edward scenes in this book that equal or surpass scenes from her other books.  The wedding was beautiful, their wedding night was tender yet passionate, and everything builds from there.  Several things happen in the book that give you a better idea of how deep their love goes and what they are willing to do for each other.      I admit, as a book cheater, I looked for a few spoilers Saturday morning before I bought the book.  The things I read made me a little sad and perplexed - some of the excitement of buying the book was diminished.  HOWEVER...there is a huge difference between reading some random and non-detailed spoiler and hearing it presented by Stephenie herself.  I bought the book later that day and could not put it down.  Everything was perfectly plausible tome (as far as fiction goes!) and she did not disappoint!
0060763892|4.0|I Picked this book up at the airport on a 4 hour delay and enjoyed every minute of it. The plot is interesting and pulls you in but goes a little off coarse by the end of the book. I would recommend this book to anybody that likes a good thriller novel with the caveat that they are going to have to make an effort to suspend their disbelief at the end.
031606792X|3.0|At 6 a. m. on Saturday morning I arrived at our neighborhood store with coffee in my hand and a smile on my face. I felt like a kid at Christmas for one reason only. Breaking Dawn the book that would put an incredible end to the Twilight series. After my children went to sleep Saturday and Sunday night I stayed up until the wee hours reading the book until finally dazed and a little disappointed I finished.    First of all let me just say that I still believe that Stephenie Meyer is a gifted story teller. In Twilight , New Moon, and Eclipse she took these fantastical events and made them seem plausible because her characters are so rich and real. Unfortunately Breaking Dawn didn't hold the same magic as its predecessors. Yes there were some disturbing scenes but that didn't bother me as much as the portrayal of the characters. To me the Twilight Series has always been more character than plot driven anyway and when the writer betrays her characters in the way that she did at some points in Breaking Dawn they lose their breath and the story dies. Still,her story telling talents shone through as true as ever because I enjoyed the book just as much as i was saddened by it.    I am not a published writer and I could not have written Breaking Dawn any  better than what it was but I do believe that Stephenie Meyer could have.
031606792X|5.0|Why cant you just enjoy the book and stop being so critical?  I guess I never understand the way people can be so nasty if the story doesnt go exactly as they had hoped.  I mean its not really your story to tell is it?  I loved this series and I will miss the characters.  I hope that people give this book and series a chance if they havent already.  Dont let some bad reviews change your mind.  I honestly feel horrible for Stephenie if she reads some of these reviews.
0385340990|5.0|I loved this book.  Being from England, and growing up there after WWII drew me to the story, but I really never knew about what happened to the people of the Channel Islands.  After reading this book I did some research and was surprised to learn how much of what is written in the book really happened.  I loved the style of writing in letters - did not detract from the flow of the story at all.  There are some very distrubing parts of this (I was particularly upset by the letter about the animals) but the over-riding theme is of the indominable spirit of the people of Guernsey.  Highly recommend this book.
031606792X|5.0|This book was a perfect way to end the series.  It was a perfect ending a verry happy ending.  I've read alot of reviews about how Bella didn't have to give anything up or sacrafice anything and that made alot of people upset but Bella HAD made the choice to give everything up just to be with Edward.  She was prepared to do that and she was planning on it but things changed and everything worked out for the best.  This book was excellent!
B000ZOXDFA|3.0|But boy what a shame. The splendid (no, unbelievable) costumes and glorious scenery do indeed disguise a limp story, with stale dialogue that sounds like Oprah. Clive Owen, while indeed handsome and dashing (though somehow without an Errol Flynn gleam in his eye) drops his innumerable bad lines as if they are hot bricks. Compare Elizabeth's way too Henryesque battle speech with Will's to see how flaccid this is. Not even poetry with a lower case p.<br /><br />Too many stories going on simultaneously, each of them plenty sufficient to drive the plot, means that the whole thing becomes a confused and wild mess. But the shame comes in the lost opportunities. The execution of Mary, one of the most bizarre and terrifying events in English history, is really untouched. (Maybe they wanted to keep the Elizabeth as guilty and torn and the Elizabeth unsullied by this.) But for a graphic and visually compelling film such as this, the site of her head dropping from the exectioner's hand would have been rather startling.<br /><br />And the love stuff, while maybe historically accurate (Raleigh did enjoy the queen's favor to a remarkable degree) just sunk this tale. We know she doesn't get the man, we also know she doesn't seem to want to. Showing her as an emotional and flighty female, while more in line with current sensibilities, just doesn't seem authentic. She was queen for a long time, and ruled with a resolve this script misses.<br /><br />Worth a watch. But not one for the ages. Nope--unlike Elizabeth, this is soon to be forgotten.
031606792X|4.0|Okay, I know people won't believe that I enjoyed this book the most but  I really kept telling my husband, \\"This is my favorite book of the series.\\"  At the same time, I knew it would be a let down for some because everything was resolved way too easily (I underestimated how much people would actually hate it!). I knew it didn't follow the typical rules of a book but I wanted everything resolved and so I was glad that it was.  I thought so many horrible things were going to happen and I was glad when they didn't.  The meeting with the Volturi was anti-climatic and I was furious when Jacob imprinted on the baby but other than that--I liked it.  I was so annoyed with Bella in the other 3 books and I liked that she was so likeable in this book.  I liked that she found her special power, she found what she had to offer, she wasn't the helpless, defenseless, pitiful creature anymore.  I actually liked the motherhood angle, probably because I am a mother.  It seems that in books, nothing is supposed to be resovled until the very end with tons of mounting conflict on the way, but I liked that this book was different.  Dreams really do come true and sometimes things really work out wonderfully.  I feel like I have a life that is too-good-to-be-true, I love my dream husband and three beautiful children.  I know my life would make a boring book but I love being happy and having things work out.  I was glad to see it for Bella and the others, you usually don't get to read about things working out until the last page of a book, I liked that I got to see happiness along the way.  I was just sad I didn't get to see things work out for Leah.  I guess that would have really put the ex-fans over the edge! (if it's possible for them to go over it anymore).     Anyway, the book was definitely idealistic, but for an idealistic gal like me, it was just what I wanted! :)
031606792X|5.0|-steps up on soap box-<br /><br />BD is a nice ending to a hard struggle for both Bella and Edward.  I like watching Bella change in BD from awkward teenager to beautiful and a little more confident immortal.  I like that Edward no longer has to worry about Bella and actually enjoy BEING with her without wanting her blood.  I love the addition to E/B's family ... Renesme.  I loved the introduction of new vampires.  I'm glad there was no battle in this book more strategy than violence.  I guess I fully understand what the Queen and the Pawn mean ... the red Pawn WAS Bella the White Queen IS Bella. Before/After.  The last 2 pages made me cry for joy with Bella's gift to Edward.  It was beautiful.<br /><br />-steps off soap box-
031606792X|5.0|I read alot of the reviews out there and it seems either you loved it or you didn't.    I did.    Being in Jacob's head was probably my favorite part.  He is hysterical.   Bella got everything she wanted just like my favorite Disney characters, cause after all folks, it's just a book.  Fiction no less.  Who'd a thunk it?    The reason I read fiction and not non-fiction is so I can escape to another place.  So I can pretend for awhile that I am someone else, living in another place, maybe getting the things I'd love to have in real life.    I'm almost 30 and work 2 jobs to afford everything I want. So it's nice to escape.    Stephenie, you did a great job.  I am glad everyone is happy and no one died because it made it that much better for me!
031606792X|5.0|This was the perfect conclusion to the series tied up with a nice, neat little bow! This book has alot of negative critics but don't let that diswade you. There were alot of adult themes, feelings, and decisions to be made that I think were just over the heads of some of the younger readers.
B000244FDW|3.0|Well, love the book, but this adaptation is my least favorite after 2005 and 1995 (Colin Firth) versions. I am a strong believer in a great sexual attraction between Elizabeth and Darcy (after all, what else could have attracted a rich man to a poor girl in those days?). Didn't see any chemistry between them in this film. Darcy was so stiff, I couldn't find anything attractive about him, whereas I fantacise (A LOT!) about Colin Firth's and Matthew McFayden's Darcys. Elizabeth Bennett is nice enought, cute and witty, but appeared a litlle gold-diggerish in this version. Didn't like how Lydia's storyline was portrayed either. But overall worth watching<br />[[ASIN:B000244FDW Pride and Prejudice (BBC, 1980)]]
B000006NPY|5.0|I love their heavy riffs, which are completely absent here, but the beauty of the songs have soul of the highest level. This is easily in my top five albums from my collection of over 300. Every track is unlike anything the pumpkins have ever done, and a work of genius. The lyrics are on the highest level I've ever heard from Billy too. As long as the pumpkins next album is good, I'm happy, but if they went back to do something awesome in this style I'd be in the clouds.
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|[[ASIN:B000LPQ6DE Jane Eyre (Masterpiece Theatre, 2006)]]<br />Call me shallow, but I enjoyed immensely this sexy, passionate new adaptation of the book I love. Pretty tired of reserved and cold Janes. There is no real love without sexual attraction and I enjoyed every minute of this passionate story.
B0011KQSZ4|5.0|I just bought this last week, and enjoyed watching it at least twice a day.  Matthew MacFadyen, a very brilliant actor, comedy or drama.  I like the actors here - Matthew, Keeley Hawes (also his real life wife), Rupert Graves, Alan Tudyk, Daisy Donovan, Andy Nyman, Timothy Spall and the rest did their jobs so well.  I just can't stop watching it, specially after work (like a therapeutic movie that lightens your stressful day).  I just like to watch British movies - drama and comedy.  Worth paying for, and for keeps.  A fan of Matthew and Keeley.  JUST LOVE BRITISH PERIOD DRAMAS AND COMEDIES. Worth buying to treasure.
0743298039|1.0|this story was so slow. I eventually put it down and didnt finish reading it(and I never do that). The author uses words beautifully, if only she could write a story that went somewhere and kept the reader interested.
B000059XUO|5.0|This was a really good movie.  As always, the product from Amazon was excellent
031606792X|3.0|I have to admit, I was really excitied about reading this book.  I actually went out with the masses and bought it at midnight.  However, I have to say I was really disappointed.  SM gave everyone what they wanted. Don't make Edward fans unhappy. Don't make Jacob fans unhappy. Bella's transformation, like most of the book was highly predictable.    I could not wait to hear my favorite voices again, but when I heard some of the things they were saying, I felt like I actually knew these people better than SM.  Especially Edward.  Oh well, I guess I'll just have to keep rereading Twilight and wait for Midnight Sun.
031606792X|5.0|My 12 year old daughter read these books and really enjoyed them, but I still wasn't tempted until a friend of my own age (40) insisted I read them. I started with Twilight and then gobbled up the whole series within a week.      I can't believe how involved I got with the characters!  Sure, in this final instalment we have to suspend our disbelief a little further but so what? It never pretended to be reality.       I read a huge amount, but this is one of my favourite series ever.  Some of the grammatical errors really bugged me (of off?  come on!) but they didn't detract from the excitement.  I think it was the romance that I loved the best - I understand Bella's love for Edward - I feel that way about him too.
B000FA5TTW|2.0|This book is good until the end... then I was left to wonder what happened.
031606792X|5.0|*Ahem*  So. As a faithful member of The Dark Side, I feel the need to explain to you just how horrible this \\"book\\" truly is (kindly disregard the rating- it won't change).    First off, there are so many plot holes that we keep finding new ones EVERY day (pancake soup, anyone)! SM continues to contradict herself so many times in Breaking Dawn, I lost count. Every other page (at least) is maimed by some horrible event SM put into words and smacked onto the page (WHERE were her editors? On Isle Esme being beat up by their 'loved ones'? Seriously, people, any of TDS members could have done a much more preferable job than they did)!    And then there is poor, poor Rob Pattinson. \\"The Rob Effect\\" does not actually exist, in case any of you were wondering. Trust me. It still hasn't set in for, not just TDS, but many, many others out there. It's an insult, really. It's like saying \\"Well, I'm sure you don't *enjoy* being beat up by your boyfriend, but as time goes on, you'll get used to it.\\" Yes, just like THAT. And here Rob is practically being blamed for us not liking Breaking Dawn. Yes, that's fair.    Let's see, what else..? Oh, the Mutant Spawn. How could I have forgotten? Renesmee.. Sigh. She's a bit of a cannibal, first off. Blood runs in her veins, and yet she prefers to drink blood over eating normal, human food. Although, really, she shouldn't like drinking blood. In fact, she should be a creepy wereshifter (werewolf that is actually a shape shifter - courtesy of H. Faust): she has 24 chromosomes (someone please explain to me how 23 + 25 = 24) JUST LIKE JACOB. I'm sure you see the major plot holes there..    Moving on.. Notice how objective Alice's visions are.. As Heather addresses in one of her youtube videos, Alice \\"sees\\" things when it is convenient to the story! She doesn't see Bella getting pregnant, but she sees her after she is. And in New Moon, she doesn't see Bella basically trying to commit suicide until she jumps off the cliff. She also does not see Rosalie decide to tell Edward that Bella is supposedly dead. Yes, many faults indeed..    THEN there's the whole imprinting-pedophile thing. Yes, imprinting DOES have pedophile-like qualities! If Jacob *really* was only interested in being what Renesmee (gag) needed him to be, then WHY did he give her a bracelet that was really a promise ring? Especially creepy because at the time Nessie was less than a year old, although physically.. what, five, maybe? Jacob is 25. Try to argue that isn't wrong.    Of course I could go on forever. But, in short, Stephenie Meyer is a pathetic, camel-backed crybaby who needs to get over herself. Her books have been going downhill faster than Severus Snape confronted with shampoo (credit to JKR)!!
031606792X|1.0|One read through Breaking Dawn and I will never touch another Twilight book again. I am way beyond disturbed. I am disenchanted. It read like a bad fanfic. I will probably burn my copy at the nearest bonfire I can find.
055358894X|4.0|Locke Lamora is orphaned at the age of 5 where he is taken up by a Thiefmaker. Thieving in the city of Camorr is a regulated activity under the auspices of the brutal Capa (read:Godfather) Barsavi. Thieves can steal from commoners but can't steal from nobility, a practice known as The Secret Peace. At the tender age of 5, Locke is a gifted thief, actor and inveterate schemer. He also manages to break the secret peace much to the dismay of the thiefmaker. He is sold to a blind priest named Chains (who is neither blind nor a priest). Chains is the leader of a small gang known as The Gentlemen Bastards.    Under Chains, Locke learns a lot more than simple petty thievery. He undergoes a whole new type of training that allows his own personal skills to flourish. Over time Locke becomes the leader of the Gentlemen Bastards and creates elaborate long cons that bilk the nobility of thousands and makes the Gentlemen Bastards very rich. This breaking of the secret peace remains very covert. The nobility who are bilked do not report their losses for fear of looking stupid. And Locke has created just as elaborate of a cover for the Gentlemen Bastards. In the thieving community, they are considered unimportant, low level break in artists who are unworthy of real notice of the Capa.    But a new player named The Grey King has entered the game and is killing off high level thieves in Barsavi's organization. Although he is counseled to get out of town until The Grey King is caught, Locke refuses. First he believes his cover as an low level thief will be beneath the Grey King's notice and second he is in the middle of one the biggest and best cons of his career. Sadly, Locke is mistaken. He is most definitely on the Grey King's list and things that have been going so very, very right start to go impossibly wrong....    I did not know what to expect when I picked up this book. I got it because someone in one of my reading groups rattled it off as a recommendation and others secondedit enthusiastically. I LOVED it the minute I started reading it. I was quickly immersed in the setting (feels like Renaissance Italy) and the words and voice of Scott Lynch. The writing is exquisite and the tone takes just takes one captive.    The architecture of the story is well done. It starts out when Locke is five years old, introduces you to this engaging little scamp through a comically woeful retelling of his exploits by the Thiefmaker who is trying to sell him to Chains. Then the story leaps forward to \\"present\\" time where Locke is the leader of the Bastards and he and his band are right at the beginning of their latest caper. Every few chapters or so, we go back and revisit young Locke and watch him progress in what can only be considered a finishing school of thievery where he and the other Bastards learn other languages, accent, make-up, mummery, cooking, society manner etc. I know some people dislike this structure but it served to keep the story interesting on two fronts,imo, moreso than a simple linear narrative would have done. And it allows some suspense and character development in what is otherwise a strongly plot-driven narrative.    And at the start, you feel like you are along for the ride on a rollicking, effervescent adventure. The Gentlemen Bastards are fun and funny. They engage in quick and witty repartee. You can't help but be reminded of George Clooney/Brad Pitt in Oceans 11, complete with the dry raillery and practice scenarios. Or while reading about the fabulously twisty con being pulled on the Count and his wife, I couldn't help but be reminded of the complex theatre that played out each week on Mission Impossible. Or during the scenes with Capa Barsavi of picturing Marlon Brando's Don Corleone from the Godfather. This book is like all of these things and none really. Lynch has built a complete world and describes the city of Camorr and the various populations and parts very well. Again, his language and ability to draw in the reader is brilliant.    So if I loved it so much why did it take me forever to read it (I started this book like a frigging Month ago!)? I honestly don't know. This books is not a deep or thought provoking book, it is high fun for the most part. And I can usually bang out a book I like in about three days or less. But this one took me a while. I do ascribe a bit of my malaise to the fact that the bite and wit of the story falters with the advent of the Grey King. Strangely enough I was enjoying a fantasy book that did not include magic and sorcery. But it was introduced with the Grey King along with what I felt was some clunky motivation, some plot points that made me truly regretful and sad, and an ending that was a bit bittersweet. Not enough to make me dislike the novel by a long shot, but enough to slow down the momentum a bit.    No matter, really. Just smallish quibbles in what is otherwise a very well written, nicely plotted, purely enjoyable book. And I am looking forward to reading the next installment.
031606792X|5.0|Look everyone. I have seen plenty of reviews on this book, the good and the bad. I am seeing some recurring complaints though- the writing is bad, the ending was too cheesy, some characters were barely mentioned- but you need to think a little before you go ranting away about wanting your money back. First of all, this is her FIRST SERIES. She had never written before and had no direct writing education. Lets see you right a book on a whim and watch it soar to number one on the NY bestseller list (obviously, that takes something). Remember as well that Meyer wrote this book, as I said, on a whim. The idea came from a dream (that dream being the scene in the meadow where Bella first sees Edward in the sun), and she wrote these books just to figure out what would happen. Thats right, everyone. You are critizicing a women who wrote hundreds of pages just for that reason, not to be a star writer (hint: why the high expectations?). I'm not too sure about what you would think,but I think you are one depressing person if you decide that you want anything but perfection for the characters in the dream that you wanted so much to be happy that you wrote FOUR BOOKS for that to happen.Personally, the events of this book were the first in a long time that made me happy. I am sick of authors feeling like they need to kill off some character you loved, or have the ending be unhappy, or adding so many twists that there is no way all the loose ends could be tied up. The way Meyer ended her series seemed rushed, but at the same time it was skillful. Everyone is happy, Bella didn't have \\"newborn\\" issues, etc. etc.-- sure it seems Mary Sueish, but so many people would have hated to see Bella, Edward, Jacob, etc. struggle. Yet, though there was a happy ending, it left plenty to think about. What would happen in the future with the volturi? What would Bella and Edward do with their eternal life? Will vampire society change because of the discovery of the hybrids? What happens to Bella's family? See? You are satisfied knowing in general that all is well, but Meyer leaves you to imagine the rest of Bella's world.      Some characters were not mentioned a whole lot because the story was so intensely around other characters, and they weren't important. Sure, Esme is a Cullen, buy Meyer knew that she didn't have to have every vampire in every conversation and scene. I didn't care about Esme too much anyway- she wasn't too central to the story. Another complaint I have to shoot down-- the stuff about Edward being able to have a baby? And contradictions in \\"vampire facts?\\" Come on, people. Once again, have some imagination and think out an explanation yourself. It is a fantasy, not a scientific textbook. Unless you think vampires are real... but if you did that might explain some of your negative outlooks on this book. Meyer mentions that vampires have no bodily fluids (through one of the vampire's dialogue), but she also shows how little the vampires know about themselves. They dont know exactly how the transformation works,they didnt know about hybrids, they dont understand abilities fully, why a mix between a 23 chromosome and a 25 chromosome didnt make a 24 chromosome shapeshifter (aka the Quilete \\"werewolves\\")... so many things. Meyer made an decision that an explanation was not necessary.      The book had some symbolism that made it have to end Mary Sueish. Meyer is LDS, as many know, and the Mormon religion believes in a plan of salvation where a married couple can exist in bliss forever. It wouldn't really fit Meyer's good outlook on life and after death if the characters in the book DIDNT live in peace together forever, and get a child out of their love.      Overall, the book is a good read. Definitely has some skillful, unexpected twists (what was that some of you cynics said about predictable storylines?). The writing is great, especially at Meyers low experience level. The characters changed only because the settings changed. The cheesiness made me happy, instead of making me want to kill myself because it was a tragic/stupid/unclear/ ending (ahem* Series of Unfortunate Events). Meyer has a unique writing style, it's fun to read and predict,she has ended the series at a good time without going crazy into detail but still giving enough, and if you have read the other books you need to know what happens anyway! I RECOMMEND HIGHLY
B0001Z37HM|2.0|This film is campy and awful that it rates up there with Showgirls for camp value.  Brigette Nielsen is wooden as the fiery haired warrior who wants to avenge her slain family.  Half the time I can barely understand her when she's not wielding her sword.  Poor Arnold; this was a very lousy follow-up to the great Conan series.
031606792X|5.0|I completely disagree with some of the reviews that totally trashed this book!  I am a 30 year old who thoroughly loves the ending!  Please keep in mind when  you read the book that the target audience was originally younger readers----would you have those girls believe that self sacrifice is all that they have to look forward to in live because there are no longer any happy endings?  I love the way that she ended this series or the story from this perspective.  She drug her readers thoroughly through the complexities of a young relationship and what it takes to build both trust and love, the kind of love that it takes to jump into the committment of marriage.  She did not downplay that transition in any way in the novels that lead here.  If you're a true fan---and you've read the entire series, how can you think that it could have ended any better?  For it not to have ended this way would have been a tragedy and you would have been update in that way as well.  The writing is witty and funny as Bella's character is that of the typical female (I totally have felt and feel each emotion as it happens to her--having gone through a lot of it myself in many ways).  Edwards perspective is hart-warming and tragic at the same time--the true story of wanting something that you shouldn't want or might possibly never have.  The pregnacy piece was brilliant!! How many girls get married that young and think that they're invensible and could never get pregnant on their wedding night much less the week after, and yet, how often does that exact thing happen.  Bella's maturity is that of most girls faced with the same choice of whether or not to keep a baby and the author clearly defines what dedication it takes to see it through.  She also gives you a small peak at the joy you get from being a new parent in Edwards perspective based on his reactions to the child.  Jacob's imprint was also great b/c it gave him somewhere to go and not to have to be a casualty.  Most men don't tear themselves apart once the object of their affection faulters--especially at 16. nahey move on.  The book also shows the character that Bella develops after she's become a wife and mother and the maturity that she begins to possess.  This is by far the best love story that I've read in a very very long time--if not my absolute favorite.  It had everything---love, lust, deception, decision, tragedy (think new moon here), and a conclusion that everyone would want for themselves..................  honestly would you like for your whole life to be nothing but tragedy and bad luck all the way through? or do you find that you find happiness when you give in to it and let it happen?  I guess it depends on what type of reader that you are--I personally found that I felt real joy and happiness in her emotions and feelings.  I even like that it's very much when you're pregnant that you love your child but are still a stranger to your body and to that part of yourself b/c until the baby actually gets here it's very hard to imagine that type of love--much less wanting that for yourself.  She lucked out ---that's the irony!!!!  A girl with no luck in life finally finds both luck and love and a true life in her transformation but she still had to die in the end to get there....
B0015DYIH2|5.0|I LOVED Breaking Dawn. It had the best of Twilight, New Moon and Eclipse all in one. It was funny, witty and clever. I LOVE Stephenie Meyer and how her literary mind works. And I love that all ends well. Just like a Disney movie, \\"Happily Ever After.\\" If I wanted depression I could watch the news. THIS IS A MUST READ!
031606792X|1.0|We loved the first three books, but Breaking Dawn was such a disappointment. I get the feeling that Stephanie Meyers wanted to wrap up everything in a shiny bow -- but she breaks all of her own rules that she set up in the earlier books.  Bella doesn't have to lose anything -- she gets to keep her relationship with Charlie (and the Volturi don't care?) she gets a baby (where did THAT come from?) her transition to being a vampire is like a walk in the park (she is never even tempted by human blood) and she even gets to keep Jacob as her best friend. Bleck.  Meyers should have taken a page from JK Rowling's final book where there is real sacrifice -- without it the victory in Breaking Dawn seems pretty shallow.
031606792X|4.0|When I read the objections several one-star reviews gave \\"Breaking Dawn\\" I wanted to yell, \\"It's FICTION/FANTASY, enjoy it.\\" One thing I figured out years ago, and taught my children, is that you don't look to fictional characters for role models! I don't care how nobel they are - they're FICTION. You want role models, look at real people and real life.    Another objection was that the book wasn't for young teens. I have felt that ever since reading \\"Twilight\\". I knew then, that only older teens who have a good grasp on reality should read the series. You have to have the ability to separate fiction from reality. Some teens may not be ready for that and be disappointed that real-life romances aren't like Edward. He's Fiction. You need to read for the fun of it.    Some were upset that Bella gets a fairy tale ending and everything she wants. I say, more power to her. I'm almost 50 and still hope there will be a happily-ever-after for me, but I love my life now and hope, and work for the best.    Some complained there wasn't sacrifice in this book. When I see a mother willing to give her life for a child - born/or unborn - what greater sacrifice is there. Other values I found in the book were: joy and desire in a marriage, love and strength of family ties, and the blessing of friendship. I was glad to see them, but I don't determine my values from fiction either. Artemis Fowl is a series many young teens read and that is about a young criminal mastermind. No role model there but a delightful read.    This book is fiction and an enjoyable read. When it comes to role models, I will look to my parents' 55 year marriage, my dad's love and grace as my mom goes through Alzheimers, my family and friends who face trials with dignity and grace. Breaking Dawn is fiction - it is fun, intriguing, and has a fairy tale ending - YEA!
0061120073|5.0|My grandmother, who I adore/admire in words I am not able to convey,  passed this book onto me years ago. It still remains in my top 10.<br />It is intensely emotional and affirmative for a woman of any age... and, for those who want to be around them.<br />I can't imagine anyone being disappointed.
031606792X|4.0|You know what cracks me up?  All the people who are going on and on about how Bella and Edward are too young to get married, and why didn't Bella go to college, and what a terrible idea it was for Jacob to imprint on Renesmee.  Allow me to remind everyone -     This is a fictional series about vampires and werewolves.    Reality?  I don't think so.    Is this the best book written?  No?  Is Renesmee Carlie the worst name in the history of fiction?  That's a very good possibility.  That said, it's a light piece of enjoyable fiction, which does leave the door open for more down the road.  If that happens, I'll be in line for the next edition.  If it doesn't, I'm more than happy with the outcome.
0345495004|4.0|I don't know what Ms. Horan had in mind when writing this book.  Is Mamah Borthwick the romantic character implied by the title, or is she the horrible warning of the text?<br /><br />\\"Loving Frank\\" is the cautionary tale of a woman's participation in her own destruction. For the educated, attractive and middleaged housewife Mamah Borthwick Cheney, no doubt snagging the interest of that charismatic genius and master manipulator Frank Lloyd Wright was terribly flattering. Perhaps she imagined (or he said) he saw something in her she didn't see herself. Maybe she saw herself as his inspiration, hoped genius would rub off, or planned to bask in reflected glory (or so he promised).  Who knows what the attraction was, but Mamah Borthwick Cheney became neither The Great Man's Muse nor recognized as an artist in her own right.  She suffered and died for their relationship, in the most brutal way imaginable.<br /><br />Many times while reading this book, I found myself wanting to shake Mamah. How gullible she was, how easily led, how selfish, how just plain DUMB! Though a self-described feminist, it's apparent that she used feminism to justify choices she'd already made, abdicating her personal responsibility for what happened to her, and exploiting everyone in her life who cared about her.  Even the sojourn at university in Sweden she touted as a period of self-discovery, was the result of being abandoned by Frank Lloyd Wright, who'd gone back to his wife in Chicago--and it wasn't self-discovery so much as it was pining.<br /><br />She continually tried on the opinions and attitudes of those with stronger wills; at their instigation, and for their purposes, and was used by them. Her tolerance of bad treatment she suffered at the hands of both Frank Lloyd Wright and Ellen Key, and her agony at the consequences of abandoning her family are very painful to read about.  I think that had Mamah Borthwick Cheney truly been a feminist who valued herself, her story would have ended far differently.<br /><br />By the way, this is a well written book.  Its only flaw is that it doesn't portray Frank Lloyd Wright in a way that would have us saying, \\"Wow! No wonder she left her family for him!\\" instead of \\"She suffered all this for THAT?\\"  Perhaps we could then view Mamah as romantic martyr, rather than pathetic victim.By the way, this is a well written book.  Its only flaw is that it doesn't portray Frank Lloyd Wright in a way that would have us saying, \\"Wow! No wonder she left her family for him!\\" instead of \\"She suffered all this for THAT?\\"  Perhaps we could then view Mamah as romantic martyr, rather than pathetic victim.
031606792X|2.0|I don't want to be redundant and reiterate many of the valid points already written here - and I also don't want to be cruel to a writer who I believe is quite talented. I myself am a published author/illustrator and it breaks my heart to see such a fantastic series end so poorly.<br /><br />Some things I didn't see addressed:<br /><br />First and foremost, one of the most compelling things about the series was the incredible sexual tension. I understand this is YA, but it is a romance novel. I expected some form of love scene, done tastefully that would depict the beauty of a loving union. Why is that so taboo? Why is it more appropriate to write about Bella mauling lions, drinking blood, having monster babies aborted....than to describe the much anticipated union with her husband?<br /><br />Something is way twisted about that.<br /><br />I shuddered at parts of this book, having a hard time reading through it.It was just downright gruesome. Unnerving. Sadisitc even - and I am such an open minded person.<br /><br />I agree the pregnancy thing totally took me out of the story and shocked me. Bella's reaction just wasn't realisitc at all. You can't have a character switch and do a 180 like that. It begins to break down the readers faith in the characters. And then Jacob imprinting on Bella's baby was beyond unbearable. It just was the creepiest twist in the entire story to me. Yes, I was secretly hoping Jacob and Bella ended up together. It seemed the most real ending. However, I also liked Edward. I anticipated finding out who finally won her heart. Making Jacob fixate on a baby just really disturbed me. I know that wasn't Meyer's intention, but it is just beyond unnatural. Even if writing in the supernatural context - it just plays on too many real social issues with pediphiles. Yuck.<br /><br />Finally, for me the true let down of this last book was it lacked passion - it lacked true connection & emotion. I could pick apart some of the internal logic, but as a fantasy writer myself, that is truly hard to pull off.<br /><br />I am saddened for Meyer - it takes alot of time & dedication to write a series of this magnitude, and although there were some shining moments \\"like escaping into Jake's head\\"the book is a very disappointing end to an otherwise  engaging & captivating tale.off.     I am saddened for Meyer - it takes alot of time & dedication to write a series of this magnitude, and although there were some shining moments \\"like escaping into Jake's head\\"the book is a very disappointing end to an otherwise  engaging & captivating tale.
031606792X|4.0|I really enjoyed this book. I must confess a couple days before it was release I went on sites and heard them bashing the book. Saying the book was no good and blah blah blah.<br />Well, I don't know what they were talking about. I throughly enjoyed the book. I like to read books that keep me entertained and keep me wanting more and this is exactly what this book did. I bought it knowing that it was a fictional book and read it just like that. I don't care if everything happened too Happily Ever After, and everyone got what they wanted. I don't read books to pull experiences out and put them to my everyday life, I am not fictional nor should I live like a fictional character.<br />The story line was great it went from one thing to another without a dull moment at all. It kept my attention throughout the book. If you are interested in reading a page turning that will keep you on the end of your seat, this is a book for you!
B0011HOEY4|3.0|Although decent, this movie could've used some tighter editing (Pietro Scalia is usually very dependable - what went wrong?) and a stronger overall story arc. There are some scenes of individual power - almost all of them involving Denzel Washington as the villain. But Russell Crowe's child custody subplot is unnecessary as they could've mentioned it in one scene or even a line and it would've had the same impact.<br /><br />Plus, it lacks the scope and visceral shock of movies like the first two Godfather films or Goodfellas. There's nothing here you haven't really seen before (unless you're totally unfamiliar with the gangster genre) and no memorable/iconic sequences.<br /><br />Ridley Scott should probably stick to directing sword & sandal epics or sci-fi thrillers because this doesn't play to his strengths. I'm not unhappy with the final result but I have no desire to see it again. You'd probably be better off renting it when you've got nothing else to do instead of buying the DVD.<br /><br />STANDOUT: Josh Brolin as the corrupt Special Investigations Unit detective. His performance was appropriately slimy, intimidating and fascinating.
1594489505|5.0|I have never read another book that has touched me the way this book did. It sure made me think about women in other countries in a different light.  I can't wait for another taste of these books by Hosseini.
B000R9J3X4|5.0|Garbage is my favorite band. Shirley Manson is the only celebrity I  want to meet before I die. I can't express how highly I revere this group.<br /><br />Absolute Garbage (2007) is a fitting \\"greatest hits\\" collection. It does NOT include every single the band ever released, only the most popular ones. And although we can all gripe about its omissions, the fact remains that what we're left with is a fine, comprehensive-enough album that presents an exciting retrospective of Garbage at their rise, peak, and fall (in surprisingly chronological fashion).<br /><br />The first 5 songs are from their eponymous debut (1995) and of them, \\"Queer\\" and \\"Only Happy When It Rains\\" are the truly great cuts. \\"Vow\\" and \\"Milk\\" are good while \\"Stupid Girl\\" remains average and the weakest pick from their first CD (although it was a huge hit).<br /><br />Tracks 7 - 11 hail from Version 2.0 (1998) and I would call all of them terrific, except \\"When I Grow Up\\", which is good but not great. \\"Push It\\", in particular, is almost the best song Garbage ever produced (my personal favorite would have to be \\"So Like A Rose\\" from beautifulgarbage).<br /><br />\\"Cherry Lips (Go Baby Go!)\\" and \\"Shut Your Mouth\\", both from the third album beautifulgarbage (2001), are two of the best selections from that release, which was filled with dizzying highs and terrifying lows.<br /><br />Although \\"Why Do You Love Me\\" was the first (and best) single from Bleed Like Me (2005), that album's title track was one of the worst songs Garbage has ever made (though admittedly \\"Bleed Like Me\\" is a love it/hate it affair). The remix of \\"It's All Over But The Crying\\", a middling ballad that almost became a single, is a little more downbeat and snappier but mostly it's not much of a deviation from the original.<br /><br />Fortunately there are three other tracks (all of them great) scattered throughout that deserve special attention:<br /><br />#1 Crush is so brilliantly twisted that you can either issue a restraining order or take it as a darkly comedic retelling of Romeo + Juliet (the soundtrack this came from). Underneath a canopy of pulsating drums, Shirley drones on with creepy pledges like, \\"I will lie for you/beg and steal for you/I will crawl on hands and knees until you see/you're just like me\\". \\"#1 Crush\\" is the kind of obsessively lovelorn stalker who rummages through your trash and keeps a blow-up doll with the same color hair as yours in their closet.<br /><br />\\"When we first got together, we all said that we wanted to make a James Bond Theme, because that's how we come up with our songs.\\" - Garbage, The World Is Not Enough Ultimate Edition DVD<br /><br />The World Is Not Enough represents Garbage at their swankiest, naturally evolving from the brisk, posh sonance of Version 2.0 to a Bond theme that melds `90s techno fiendishness with `60s orchestral flourish. It's a riveting achievement, showcasing melodramatic radiance (\\"There's no point in living if you can't feel alive\\") and insatiable craving (\\"If we can't have it all then nobody will\\"). Shirley's expansive delivery is pitch-perfect and she's arguably never sounded stronger. Too bad it was attached to one of the worst Bond movies.<br /><br />If Tell Me Where It Hurts is Garbage's fond goodbye, then I couldn't think of anything more appropriate. Shirley finally finds the right man (\\"To hell with everybody else/all I care about is you/and that's the truth/they don't like me yeah I can tell/but you do\\") and we applaud her wholeheartedly. Steve, Duke and Butch paint the sumptuous music with shades of nostalgia in a sincere salute to their fans. \\"Tell Me Where It Hurts\\" catches our gorgeous firecracker reflecting (\\"I've been loved but I didn't know how to feel it/and I've been adored but I don't know if I ever believed it\\") and its exquisite lyrics culminate with a grateful payoff that was worth the wait (\\"I've been loved my whole life but I didn't know how to take it/until you\\").<br /><br />This is a magnificent offering that can be enjoyed by hardcore fans and newcomers alike. If you've barely (or never) heard of Garbage or, like me, have bought BOTH versions of Absolute Garbage just to complete your collection, there's no reason not to check out this disc. In a word, it's amazing.<br /><br />(P.S. Check out my reviews of Garbage's other four albums for a song-by-song dissection.)y (or never) heard of Garbage or, like me, have bought BOTH versions of Absolute Garbage just to complete your collection, there's no reason not to check out this disc. In a word, it's amazing.     (P.S. Check out my reviews of Garbage's other four albums for a song-by-song dissection.)
0679746048|5.0|Susanna Kaysen shares an episodic account of her two-year stay in a mental institution during her late teens. She recounts the ailments and behavior which led her to the hospital, while also questioning her diagnosis of Borderline Personality Disorder, as well as the manner in which mental illnesses are treated. In order to portray her experience and the experiences of the other young women she encountered within the institution accurately, Kaysen recounts a variety of occurrences, ranging from the grim to the lighthearted. Among Kaysen's recollections are one girl's experience with shock therapy, her own attempt to bite into her hand to ensure that she is \\"real,\\" and the girls' humorous outing to an ice cream shop.    Copies of Kaysen's medical records are juxtaposed against her personal accounts, often making the tone of the former documents unsettlingly cold and detached. Her personal account is often moving, and even the logic Kaysen uses to explain some of her most unusual behavior can make sense. At the same time, she strives for a relatively objective account of her interaction with mental health professionals. Kaysen presents a strong case to support her belief that the line between \\"normalcy\\" and mental illness is often muddied,--a thought she summarizes beautifully at the beginning of the book, writing that \\"Every window in Alcatraz has a view of San Francisco\\"-- without becoming overly critical of those who diagnosed and treated her.
031606792X|4.0|First of all don't read the spoiler reviews before you read the book, they do not do the book justice, and please allow yourself to have your own opinion.  Some people have unrealisitic expecations and are upset when their preconcieved notions don't reach fruition.    ****spoiler alert******      I think everyone had an opinion on how they wanted the fourth book to end.  Many people will be happy with the fact that Edward and Bella married and Bella became a vampire, and yet so many people are crying.  This book is not as complex as the first three, but it should not be, we already know the vampires, the werewolves and the desire that Bella has to be a vampire and the desire that Edward feels to be married to Bella.  So the fact that these are resolves so early in the story line is fine with me, I think most people wanted obstacles well they had those in the first three story lines. So I believe preconcieved notions is the problem here.    The imprinting thing is not really a problem with me, it is fate, and the belief that we are destined to be with a certain individual.  Jacob (and the other werewolves) have extrodinary senses and one of those is the ability to know who they are destined to be with.  I think given this is a woman author whom has chiildren should tip you off that nothing is amiss here.  Anyway the fact that people are troubled with this really has more to do with a warped society and nothing more.  There is not sexual undertones here, this is about devotion and love that will at some point develop into more. If my husband would have know me when I was born and would have had the ability to \\"know\\" our future, it would have been similiar.  Jacob knows who he is destined for period.    Bella and Edward are not high school students in this story, they are married and soon parents.  So the focus of the book and the characters' focus is and should be different in this book  People said they were different I didn't get that, their lives were different (understandably so)and that's it. People's lives change after high school and after marriage and parenthood and that is what happened here.    The fact that they concieved did not bother me, nor did the fact that the story centered around their child bother me, I just wish they were able to enjoy her childhood she aged to quickly for me, the rushed feeling (the pregnancy and after)is why I didn't give this 5 stars.
B00000JR29|5.0|That song is one of the absolutely best pop songs of all time. It holds up! I have not heard it for years and was suddenly compelled to listen...oh my gosh the rhythm that holds it together and the soaring heartbreaking vocals that swoop up into falsetto ( I have a total \\" thing\\" for men who can sing falsetto, it brings me to my knees)<br />Captivating, emotional, singable, dancable... what more can you want in a perfect song?
B000PTYPAC|5.0|I love this CD and have had I bought it shortly after hearing it playing in a store. Some songs I like better than others, but none of them are duds. Songs I don't care to listen to today will be great tomorrow when I'm in a different mood. I love the lyrics. I love how I need to dance or sing along to this CD. Great buy.
0142000663|5.0|Amid the desperation of the 1930s Dust Bowl, drought and changing agricultural practices force a family of Oklahoma sharecroppers to leave their home and join the great migration to California. Piling their broken-down Hudson with the few possessions they can carry, the Joad family sets off for what they believe will be a paradise of bountiful fruit and plentiful work. When they arrive, enduring one hardship after another along the way, the California they find is not at all the one they imagined.<br /><br />Though a work of fiction, \\"The Grapes of Wrath\\" is a painfully real story of what can happen when profit is placed over concern for one's fellow human beings. Like the Mexican migrant workers of today, the Joads flee desperate circumstances in search of a better future, only to find exploitation at the hands of wealthy farm owners and resentment on the part of the people already settled there. Enticed by handbills telling of the need for workers, the Joads discover that the farm owners are merely flooding the market so the starved migrants will fight for the lowest wages. There are constant attempts to keep the migrants in a state of helpless docility: their cardboard Hoovervilles are periodically burned (under the guise of \\"public sanitation\\") to keep them from settling down, and any attempt to assert their rights can result in being blacklisted as a \\"Communist.\\" Meanwhile, they watch with simmering anger as perfectly good fruit is thrown away in order to keep prices up. The locals have little but fearful hostility for the people they derogatorily label \\"Okies,\\" whom they view as less than human.<br /><br />Despite their unending hardships, the Joad family pushes on with dogged perseverance, never losing their dignity. Even when the reader is tempted to lose hope, the Joads find the strength within themselves to push on.<br /><br />One of the strengths of the novel is its characters, who are simultaneously flawed and admirable. The protagonist, Tom, is on parole after unintentionally killing a man in a fight. He can only make the journey by breaking his parole and must not be discovered, which creates an undercurrent of tension. When Pa's status as the head of the family is weakened by his inability to support the clan, Ma emerges as the family's indestructible backbone and one of the strongest characters. Along for the journey is Reverend Casy, the reluctant preacher and a kind of Christ figure, whose philosophical ruminations provide much of the book's social commentary.<br /><br />It is ultimately the pregnant young Rose of Sharon who most embodies the story of loss, resilience, and renewal. Throughout the novel, she is an immature and emotionally fragile girl who seems defeated by the dashing of her dreams: her teenage husband, Connie, runs away, and her baby will be born into unbearable poverty. However, at the end she shows a tender heroism, and her actions in the book's final scene are powerful and unforgettable.<br /><br />This is a deeply moving book. You will grieve for the Joad family's tragedies, all the more because these tragedies are largely the result of human folly and greed. But you will also dream along with them, and find hope in their resilience and will to survive.ly killing a man in a fight. He can only make the journey by breaking his parole and must not be discovered, which creates an undercurrent of tension. When Pa's status as the head of the family is weakened by his inability to support the clan, Ma emerges as the family's indestructible backbone and one of the strongest characters. Along for the journey is Reverend Casy, the reluctant preacher and a kind of Christ figure, whose philosophical ruminations provide much of the book's social commentary.     It is ultimately the pregnant young Rose of Sharon who most embodies the story of loss, resilience, and renewal. Throughout the novel, she is an immature and emotionally fragile girl who seems defeated by the dashing of her dreams: her teenage husband, Connie, runs away, and her baby will be born into unbearable poverty. However, at the end she shows a tender heroism, and her actions in the book's final scene are powerful and unforgettable.     This is a deeply moving book. You will grieve for the Joad family's tragedies, all the more because these tragedies are largely the result of human folly and greed. But you will also dream along with them, and find hope in their resilience and will to survive.
B000GG4Y3M|4.0|Black Rain, of all of Ridley Scott's movies, would also be remembered as that bastard cousin of Blade Runner - at least in its setting.  Referencing his own classic noir style, Scott finds himself shooting in the real town of Osaka, with Douglas playing the devil-may-care, gung-ho, I'm-gonna-kill-that-sonuvab*tch cop on the loose.  Shafts of light through rotating fans and blinds; neon lights in a dripping wet environment; and steam through manholes - Black Rain refers visually to Scott's earlier incarnation, but also feels more like brother Tony Scott's production because of the hard boiled slam-bang action.<br /><br />Michael Douglas is in his typical 80s tough guy stance in this one, but has a great counterfoil in his Japanese co-stars - good cop Ken Takakura and villain Yusaka Matsuda - along with a few other dour Yakuza actors.  Andy Garcia still looks fresh as the sidekick.  All give great performances, so while the film is hackneyed in its own way - Black Rain is certainly watchable and rises convincingly above potential cliches by characterising the Japanese in a more well rounded way (- a rarity these days with Asian bad guys).<br /><br />Will you learn anything about Japan here?  Well, just a little.  Douglas doesn't profess to show his Japanese friends that Americans do it better, but that co-operation is the key - and hence the end product feels a bit more genuine and balanced in terms of its portrayal of the East, in spite of the cowboy overtones.  Other flicks to catch in this vein are Rising Sun and of course The Last Samurai. 3 1/2 stars.
B00005JPO1|5.0|Take the Indiana Jones franchise - mix it all up with the first Back to the Future and the X files film and you guessed it - it's the Indiana Jones and the Crystal Schull plot with a little help from Coast to Coast AM radio too I might add = wow - there is so much going on I fogot why the movie started - editing was a little lame on some parts - and a lot of the action looks a little cartoonish at times - but this movie I would compare to the X files movie in 1998 - it was lame in the theater but was a great film for TV - The shots I thought were in a different style from the first three films on close ups that might have left the fans in limbo from what they are use too - but most of the movie still has the campy humor of the other three even though I thought they over did it at times - the back history of what Indy did between the last and this film got a little too old at times at the beginning of the film - like I said this movie I feel is made for TV and is in leage with the X Files movie in feel and action  - I really liked it but it seemed a little long at times for some reason -    I hate snakes not skulls
B000LC55F2|5.0|What can be said so early in the game about one of the greatest films ever made? Are you watching carefully? Did you miss something? Yes ... you heard right.<br /><br />The Prestige is not the greatest film ever made, but it does belong in that special group of films that breaks the mold, sets a framework to be emulated and creates something within the film that is greater than the film itself. More questions than answers are put to the viewer as the movie progresses and the film has qualities that stay with the viewer long after the film has ended, creating debate. As simple as an order as this may seem to fill, it is not simple by a long shot, as even subjectively, a lot of film, both modern and classic, can be completely forgettable.<br /><br />Often, during the initial release of a film, it can be grossly overlooked and treated so unfairly that the rancor and the bitterness that precedes it can often overshadow the film for some time, often decades or longer. This has been evinced numerous times in the last 75 years of filmmaking, and more so when a film is made that has all the qualities of a workman-like production. Casablanca was a film that was one of many projects that the director Michael Curtiz was working on at the time and one of a total of one hundred and seventy two productions during his career. It has been often stated that when the film was made, no one thought much about the gravitas, or the film as being special or even close to becoming the classic that it now is.<br /><br />The Prestige was met on a lot of fronts during its release to a sharp rebuke and then a continuous and growing wave of criticism. It didn't help that The Illusionist was also released during the same period, thus giving the viewer a large dosing of Victorian era magic and prestidigitation. Woody Allen's Scoop also made its presence known but was probably the most forgettable Allen film to date. One wonders if these things are a matter of coincidence or strong wrangling of studio one-upmanship. The kind of rivalry that is all too spelled out in the film and leads each party down a dark road. It makes a viewer wonder how much money was lost by trying to overwhelm an audience rather than growing an interest and feeding an audience slowly, much in the way of J. K. Rowling. Who as we know, hasn't done very well with her book to screen adaptations and the revenue that's been collected.<br /><br />The Masterpiece set in Steampunk ...<br /><br />Steampunk is a subversive and somewhat underused term that describes a genre of film, writing, sometimes music and art. Steampunk is usually defined as:<br /><br />works set in an era or world where steam power is still widely used--usually the 19th century, and often set in Victorian era England--but with prominent elements of either science fiction or fantasy, such as fictional technological inventions like those found in the works of H. G. Wells and Jules Verne, or real technological developments like the computer occurring at an earlier date.<br /><br />In general, the category includes any recent science fiction that takes place in a recognizable historical period (sometimes an alternate-history version of an actual historical period) where the Industrial Revolution has already begun but electricity is not yet widespread, with an emphasis on steam, or spring-propelled gadgets. It can also be defined as Psuedo-Victorian, neo-Victorian, retro-futurism and multiple other variances.<br /><br />The first usage of the word was in 1987 by K.W. Jeter while discussing his ideas about `Victorian fantasies' during an exchange with Locus magazine for his 1979 novel Morlock Night and the debate over who was the first author to step into the genre. That discussion aside, Steampunk references can easily be found in earlier works such as The Wild Wild West Television series and a few select novels. Although alternate history and merging timeline tales regarding Sherlock Holmes have been around for the last fortyyears. K.W. Jeter though is graced with the honor of having coined the phrase and establishing the genre past something vague and indescribably uncanny.<br /><br />During the late 1990's and well into the next century, film makers began to fully realize the genre and embrace it with both hands. Twenty five films or more can be found in between Mary Shelley's Frankenstein and The Prestige.<br /><br />Steampunk on film is usually represented with mechanistic devices that appear new to the eye and in perfect working order and placed in a setting that does not seem out-of place or intentionally out-of place. The meat of the sub-genre is that the reader and the viewer both have to believe that the Steampunk elements are perfectly sewn into the fabric of the world being presented. In the film Van Helsing, Steampunk artifacts run headlong into the decrepit world of Gothic Europe where mechanistic objects take an incredibly rugged and utilized look. The Back to The Future series raised the bar on presenting Steampunk in both a used and new environment, especially the third film which is set in the Old American West. The storyline of Back To The Future however, allowed the deviance into a decrepit depiction of the objects as the DeLorean time machine, the flux capacitor and the repetitive models and other home-made devices had already been established. The items that get presented for the first time, like the brass scope on Doc Brown's large-bore rifle, are shown as new. This is a minor distinction for the viewer and may seem tedious to read, but it is an important point and widely argued by the artists and craftspeople that spend their time making said objects. The difference between new and used is as important for effect as moonlight and sunlight. The two are distinct and both have their own place. Overlooking this fact is often done in cinema, does currently go unnoticed by many, but noted by those watching for it. Recent Steampunk attempts include The Golden Compass, which failed miserably at the box-office despite much fan-fare and J.K. Rowlings' film adaptation of The Order of The Phoenix, which continually delves deeper into the genre as each film progresses.<br /><br />The Prestige shows a world where the exterior is run-down and over-advertised. Flyers, advertisements and printed paper abounds in almost every corner of the film in the outside world, painting a bleak and burgeoning depiction of the Industrial Revolution that was all around them at the time. In some instances, the idea of Steampunk is necessary to cast a more progressive light on a bleak situation, thus upping the dramatic ante.<br /><br />Typically, period film is often devoid of such intense detail as it comes across as distracting and cluttered. Also, from a film-maker's perspective, often the only thing that is important is where the camera will land and be focused. Unfortunately, too many directors lead set-dressers and prop-masters to believe that extra-ordinary detail is unnecessary. But time, and the workings of the last decade has changed these ideas much.<br /><br />Thus the Industrial Revolution will undoubtedly be one of the most visual influences upon film that ever was. Future filmmaker's will most likely depend upon it heavily as the information age wanes and something newer emerges. Drawing from established mythology is a habitual practice of the workman like mentality of both apprentice and master craftsmen in all trades.<br /><br />On some level, The Prestige, for all intent and purpose, does fit the criteria of the later defined sub-genre of Gas-light romance, which is specific in centering on already established figures in history. The inclusion of Nikola Tesla in the film would meet the requirement for such a re-labeling, but the point would be lost as Gas-light romance is newly defined and the protagonists are amalgams of people that once lived and made their fortunes like the fictional Robert Angier and Alfred Borden.<br /><br />Undoubtedly, as all new ages emerge, they are often met with both wonder and fear as it is the unknown that approaches and the unknown being man's greatest fear.<br /><br />A strange, but not-so singular case against Roger Ebert ...<br /><br />The reason for the cold reception of The Prestige can not just be put squarely at the feet of one man, but can be utilized to show a pattern of behavior. Some may read this a think that I'm being unnecessarily harsh on Roger Ebert, but let me explain. While Roger Ebert has enjoyed a very distinguished career in the public eye as a film critic and probably the only critic within the culture that has risen to such a height doing so, thus far, he has an uncanny ability to see past some of the greatest films released on his watch. Dismissing a film so outwardly, barely even mentioning the film within the review, as if the attempt was a complete disappointment and a waste of effort, speaks volumes of the type of disdain Roger Ebert has for the work of a certain type of film ... namely, masterpieces. The reason why this chapter deals squarely with Roger Ebert, is in part that it is wise to deal with the detractors honestly.<br /><br />In 1984, Roger Ebert gave the same type of treatment to a certain Science-Fiction classic that ended up proving to be seen as the most perfect Science-Fiction film ever made and also one of the best films of all time. Blade Runner was panned by Ebert and he ripped viciously into Ridley Scott being the vanguard for a wave of negativity to quickly follow. Roger Ebert slammed Ridley Scott and the film during the first theatrical release by stating that `Scott cared more about the lush environment of the film than he did of the story', which as we all know - and even Ebert now, in hindsight, has stated that he was unkind and grossly unfair to both Scott and the film. The same exact thing repeats itself with Christopher Nolan and his film The Prestige, where he barley makes a single mention of the film, except in passing but gushes profusely and lovingly at its lesser counterpart The Illusionist and dotes upon the graven image of Edward Norton and his `Van Dyke' beard. While the community at large, often prides itself on promoting themselves as individual thinkers, if Ebert had not been so flippant toward The Prestige, it is easy, and simple, to surmise that the others would have followed suit as is often the case with mainstream reviewing. Ebert's own site has all three versions of his reviews on Blade Runner, which are interesting to read in context to the passage of time.<br /><br />In Ebert's Review of The Prestige, he talks long and hotly about Harry Houdini and his love of magic. The review of the film just seems like the vehicle in which he makes his rant, thus trying to land a fatal blow upon the neck of Christopher Nolan.<br /><br />Some readers may now lay this down as they cannot bear the humanizing of their movie-reviewing idol, but the real message of this essay would've quickly been lost upon them. Roger Ebert is not the message here, just a final footnote.Rowlings' film adaptation of The Order of The Phoenix, which continually delves deeper into the genre as each film progresses.    The Prestige shows a world where the exterior is run-down and over-advertised. Flyers, advertisements and printed paper abounds in almost every corner of the film in the outside world, painting a bleak and burgeoning depiction of the Industrial Revolution that was all around them at the time. In some instances, the idea of Steampunk is necessary to cast a more progressive light on a bleak situation, thus upping the dramatic ante.    Typically, period film is often devoid of such intense detail as it comes across as distracting and cluttered. Also, from a film-maker's perspective, often the only thing that is important is where the camera will land and be focused. Unfortunately, too many directors lead set-dressers and prop-masters to believe that extra-ordinary detail is unnecessary. But time, and the workings of the last decade has changed these ideas much.    Thus the Industrial Revolution will undoubtedly be one of the most visual influences upon film that ever was. Future filmmaker's will most likely depend upon it heavily as the information age wanes and something newer emerges. Drawing from established mythology is a habitual practice of the workman like mentality of both apprentice and master craftsmen in all trades.    On some level, The Prestige, for all intent and purpose, does fit the criteria of the later defined sub-genre of Gas-light romance, which is specific in centering on already established figures in history. The inclusion of Nikola Tesla in the film would meet the requirement for such a re-labeling, but the point would be lost as Gas-light romance is newly defined and the protagonists are amalgams of people that once lived and made their fortunes like the fictional Robert Angier and Alfred Borden.    Undoubtedly, as all new ages emerge, they are often met with both wonder and fear as it is the unknown that approachesand the unknown being man's greatest fear.        A strange, but not-so singular case against Roger Ebert ...    The reason for the cold reception of The Prestige can not just be put squarely at the feet of one man, but can be utilized to show a pattern of behavior. Some may read this a think that I'm being unnecessarily harsh on Roger Ebert, but let me explain. While Roger Ebert has enjoyed a very distinguished career in the public eye as a film critic and probably the only critic within the culture that has risen to such a height doing so, thus far, he has an uncanny ability to see past some of the greatest films released on his watch. Dismissing a film so outwardly, barely even mentioning the film within the review, as if the attempt was a complete disappointment and a waste of effort, speaks volumes of the type of disdain Roger Ebert has for the work of a certain type of film ... namely, masterpieces. The reason why this chapter deals squarely with Roger Ebert, is in part that it is wise to deal with the detractors honestly.    In 1984, Roger Ebert gave the same type of treatment to a certain Science-Fiction classic that ended up proving to be seen as the most perfect Science-Fiction film ever made and also one of the best films of all time. Blade Runner was panned by Ebert and he ripped viciously into Ridley Scott being the vanguard for a wave of negativity to quickly follow. Roger Ebert slammed Ridley Scott and the film during the first theatrical release by stating that `Scott cared more about the lush environment of the film than he did of the story', which as we all know - and even Ebert now, in hindsight, has stated that he was unkind and grossly unfair to both Scott and the film. The same exact thing repeats itself with Christopher Nolan and his film The Prestige, where he barley makes a single mention of the film, except in passing but gushes profusely and lovingly at its lesser counterpart The Illusionist and dotes upon the graven image of Edward Norton and his `Van Dyke' beard. While the community at large, often prides itself on promoting themselves as individual thinkers, if Ebert had not been so flippant toward The Prestige, it is easy, and simple, to surmise that the others would have followed suit as is often the case with mainstream reviewing. Ebert's own site has all three versions of his reviews on Blade Runner, which are interesting to read in context to the passage of time.    In Ebert's Review of The Prestige, he talks long and hotly about Harry Houdini and his love of magic. The review of the film just seems like the vehicle in which he makes his rant, thus trying to land a fatal blow upon the neck of Christopher Nolan.    Some readers may now lay this down as they cannot bear the humanizing of their movie-reviewing idol, but the real message of this essay would've quickly been lost upon them. Roger Ebert is not the message here, just a final footnote.
B000OVLBGC|1.0|The other reviews do not lie, this is one of the best films to be released anywhere in the world in the past 5 years. Great script, Deutschland's finest actors, inventive camera work. A bit on the Romantic side (in the German sense), so if that's not your aesthetic cup of tea, this will be a taxing viewing; otherwise its hard to imagine being disappointed!
B00005JPS8|4.0|This movie is lean, solid entertainment. It wastes no time, is well paced and smartly written with snappy dialogue and good subtext. The action delivers the goods, but not at the expense of story or character.<br /><br />  Most importantly, this movie is FUN! Robert Downey Jr. is a one man party onscreen - funny, smart and compelling to watch throughout. It seems as though he's having more fun than should be legal ( I know, don't tempt him).<br /><br />  The effects are breathtaking, seamlessly switching from practical to cg without calling attention to artifice - a major feat these days. All the gadgetry seemed plausible somehow and delivered ( for me at least ) a sense of giddy wish fulfillment - I totally bought that this guy could fly around in a high tech suit of armor.<br /><br />  Gwyneth Paltrow is a pleasant surprise. I have to admit that I was ambivalent about her, but here she's great, and mines a layer of vulnerability in her character that could have easily been unrealized by lesser talent. Oh, and did I mention that she looks really HOT?!?! She looks really HOT!<br /><br />  Terrence Howard is good as the straight man and there were a couple male-bonding scenes with Downey Jr. that rang as being particularly genuine.<br /><br />  Jeff Bridges ( always a pleasure ) does a great job of taking his character from ambiguous manipulator to outright villain without any breaks in logic or motivation.<br /><br />  The movie balances humor, drama and action with a light tone while still managing a fairly serious subtext about war profiteering and global violence.<br /><br />  It all adds up to one of the most entertaining popcorn flicks around and a serious contender for 'best superhero movie' award. A better time at the movies is hard to find.
031606792X|1.0|(some small spoilers included)<br />I am a H.S. English teacher and was first introduced to \\"Twilight\\" by a student.  Although interested in fantasy, it is not my favorite genre, and I don't completely understand the vampire fascination.  However, I trusted this student's recommendation and read it - in one night - then stocked my classroom shelf with 3-4 copies, because kids kept borrowing them.  I had the same reaction to \\"New Moon\\" and \\"Eclipse,\\" devouring each one when it was released.  I cannot say the same for \\"Breaking Dawn.\\"  No way will this book be on my shelf - I'll probably even donate this copy to a consignment store.  It's not worth it.  Teenagers will gloss over this, because they will be sucked into the perfection of certain characters and how everyone gets what they want.  The overall message (delved into in other reviews) is not something I (or my school administration) support.  It's not that I didn't want a happy ending, but this wasn't exactly what Meyer set us up for.  Life never comes out perfect - everyone has to lose something.  No one in this book (except Bella's parents who are only side characters) does.  Plus, Jacob and the baby?  Ew! Ew! Ew! I have always had a problem with Bella - her only redeeming quality was that she was \\"normal\\" and about the only character that could be related to by a reader.  However, I have always had a problem with her passiveness and inability to hold her own.  Now she does a complete about face when she's pregnant? Please! Yes, this is fantasy, but any book, regardless of genre, has to be consistent and believable within the boundaires established by the author.  Meyer manages to leap hurdles she establishes in earlier books. Also, even though it is fantasy, she has told a story that comes across as seemingly possible - just this side of reality - at least until this book. Meyer has to change her own characters and back story to make the plot work.  A good book doesn't do that. It's not that the story didn't go the way I wanted it to - I didn't care who Bella chose or how Jacob would cope with it.  (I mean, really, was she ever going to choose him?) I did want the Volturi back - they were the only unfinished business left behind in the other books. I just want Meyer to keep her plot/story line straight.  She also needed to keep her characters as designed.  In a good book, even when a character has a change of heart, they are still true to their personality, and Meyer does not manage that.  Save yourself the trouble - just stop reading at \\"Eclipse.\\"the way I wanted it to - I didn't care who Bella chose or how Jacob would cope with it.  (I mean, really, was she ever going to choose him?) I did want the Volturi back - they were the only unfinished business left behind in the other books. I just want Meyer to keep her plot/story line straight.  She also needed to keep her characters as designed.  In a good book, even when a character has a change of heart, they are still true to their personality, and Meyer does not manage that.  Save yourself the trouble - just stop reading at \\"Eclipse.\\"
031606792X|5.0|I'm not entirely sure what people wanted from this book. It had everything. It was funny, heart wrenching, heart breaking,and just plain great. I was such a fan of the other three books and I was a little scared to read this one after all of the horrible reviews but they were over exagerated that is for sure. I'm a tough critic on books and I wouldn't say a book was good just for the fun of it.    This book was certainly more mature than the other ones. Twilight was a lot more for teens but as the books progressed they slowly got more mature and this one I would recommend more for older teens. I loved though that Bella and Edward finally found happiness. They deserve that. People are saying that's it's unrealistic that they would have a happily-ever-after. It's ficiton folks!! That's why most of us read, to find a happy ending. It's an escape from the reality of the world. The Twilight Series was a wonderful escape and the fact that Bella and Edward and Jacob all found happiness was worth it.I loved how Stephanie brought everything full circle. All of the stuff people are saying is weird or freaky or creepy isn't when you think about the characters actions behind their decisions. Stephanie throughly explains everything. For those of you who are reading or who are planning on reading this book will get what I mean when you read it. I have a great deal more to say but I don't want to leave any spoilers. All I want to say is anyone who is a fan of the series but is afraid to read this book because of the horrible reviews, ignore those reviews. As long your mature enough to handle it, go for it.
031606792X|5.0|I loved reading this book - I did think at times there were a little weird spots (fast growing pregnancy and imprinting), but it was a fictional story that captivated me into another world.    I am disappointed in some of the reviews saying that Stephenie portrayed teenage pregnancy - Bella was married, married couples have sex, when couples have sex the chance of a baby will be there.  She married young because she found the love of her life - a vampire! A VAMPIRE!     I loved how the story introduced us to other vampires and showed us their talents and where they lived - I thought that was very creative.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|It's 2008 now and I was blown away by The Offspring's latest, Rise and Fall Rage and Grace, which was to me, their highest-quality CD to date, featuring possibly the band's best ever ratio of hits to misses; there's not a bad song on the disc.     But what started me off with this band was Americana, almost a decade ago. Ah, 1998. The Offspring's final CD to be released before the music industry essentially died with Napster, back in the days when groups like The Offspring could actually sell millions. I've listened to and liked/loved all The Offspring's CD's (with the exception of self-titled, which I'll get to eventually,) but there's still something about this CD that makes it, in its own way, stand out as being the band's most ambitious, energetic, and yet also most memorable CD.     What's so cool about this CD is that it's, in a way, a concept record, with the main theme of the CD being \\"The American Dream,\\" as hit home on the song Americana, and throughout the CD, themes like crime, drugs, trendy wannabe's, hatred, death, being abused by 'the man', greed, etc...are all spread throughout the CD. The final 2 tracks, Americana and Pay the Man, are easily the strongest The Offspring's ever ended a CD too, as it's absolutely epic.     But it's not a dark CD. It has its share of dark songs but much of the CD features such a high energy level that it's just a fun listen. It's a great mix of light and dark and while there are some songs here that are perfectly played by mass audiences (Pretty Fly, She's Got Issues, Why Don't You Get A Job, etc) the CD also contains heavy stuff like No Brakes, The End of the Line, The Kids Aren't Alright, Americana, Pay the Man, and Have You Ever that are just as fast as The Offspring's ever been, which is why...yes, the CD was popular, but it's really no different than past CDs the band's made, it sounds like a much higher-energy version of Ixnay.     There are a couple songs on here that I hate (Feelings and Why Don't you Get a Job,) but everything else on here's all pretty great stuff. Musically the Offspring's best is Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace, but somehow, Americana still stands out as being \\"The Offspring's most memorable,\\" and I'm not sure why that is. I guess because it features just the right amount of experimentation and tried-and-true, it's got a killer song list, it's full of energy, it's got a message and a theme, and it flows VERY well. It also captures its time PERFECTLY...and it was also a good deal of fans' first exposure to what would become our favorite band, The Offspring.      My favorite Offspring CD's in order (as of now, excluding the self-titled, which I'll get to hearing eventually) are...    *Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace (Best)  *Americana (2nd best, SO close. Easily the band's most memorable, however)  *Ixnay on the Hombre   *Ignition  *Splinter   *Conspiracy of One   *Smash (I don't care what everyone says, I just really don't like this CD. Not sure why, I keep trying to get into it, for some reason it just doesn't click with me.)
031606792X|5.0|Wow, I can't believe how many one-star reviews there are for this book!  Yes it was different than the other 3 but I was glad!  I didn't want to repeat another vampire chasing Bella while we kept wondering the whole time if she would ever really become a vampire!  This one went beyond that and I was glad that it tied up everything and everyone ended up happy.  Maybe that's unrealistic in the \\"real\\" world but hello!? we aren't reading about the real world.    I didn't like Jacob in any of the other books but I liked him in this one!  He and Bella finally found where they belong! And what a way to end the book with all the vampires standing together along with the wolves!    This book was definitely different than her other 3 and I think that's why people are reacting so negatively.  It wasn't what they expected.  But Stephanie Meyer is a great writer and I loved the book!  In fact I think it's my favorite of the series!  Thanks Stephanie!  Maybe someday we'll get a book about Renesmee all grown up!!!
031606792X|5.0|the book is good, Bella is not a real person and her 'choices' don't have to be a message to anyone. novels are for entertainment--I was very entertained--with all four books.  Meyer has an interesting imagination and I look forward to reading more of her work.
0316143472|5.0|As I've only read one other of David Sedaris's books, Me Talk Pretty, I found this one just as entertaining if not more so. The man has a style of writing that is vivid and infinitely amusing. I await the next addition to this author's  body of work.
0312360266|3.0|I thought that this series (speaking to the first three books) was good.  However, I felt like there was no way for it to stand the test of time (not even 5 years). The way the mother daughter team wrote was throwing in too many modern references. It went through my head that the mom probably sat down and wrote the main story and then handed her daughter the manuscript and from there her daughter just plugged in parenthesis with some modern day reference.  It's a small complaint but it still bothered me through out the series.  I would still recommend the book and I am looking forward to the fourth book coming out.
B0015F1VY8|5.0|enjoyed it so much that i will probably watch it a second time... cate is an amazing actress. definately thumbs up
0618918248|5.0|I like this one better than i liked satanic bible. But, actually, I like both.<br />Dawkins is very eloquent and persuasive. I think that everyone who is interested in religions should read this book
B000P12LWY|3.0|I still recommend this as an excellent and fascinating viewing pleasure, but it is a guilty pleasure.  That is because it's relationship to actual historical accuracy is far even from tenuous. I can ignore costume problems (of which there are many) and other things of that nature that the regualr viewer would not notice but this goes far beyond that. People are portrayed that did not exist. Henry Fitzroy has a touching death scene as a six year old when he lived well into adulthood. Henry VIII's sister Mary is called Margaret (a completely different sister who was queen of Scotland) and is sent off to marry the King of Portugal. Yet she was actuslly married to the King of France. Why why why?  Was it because the writer was so invested in Henry hating the French king that marrying his sister off to him didn't make sense in the context of this series?  Then why not simply tell it as it happened, why make up huge historical fantasies with no basis in fact?  Princess Mary was betrothed to the Emperor Charles and that betrothal was delayed and betrayed -- but it was Henry's sister Mary, not his daughter Mary who was the intended bride in that arrangement. I guess since the author used up Henry's sister Mary as Margaret as bride of king of Portugal fantasy he just transferred the whole Charles betrothal to the little girl instead.  Why is that okay in a historical drama such as this?  It's too far from the truth to make it right. I daresay the vast majority of viewers will come away believing that these things actually happened when they did not.  It's a real shame that the writer altered the truth to this degree.  It wasn't necessary either, since the truth of the times doesn't require made up facts to render it fascinating.  If you put aside any need whatsoever for actual facts to back up the story itself it is very well done and well paced, unlike 'The Other Boleyn Girl' whose historical inaccuracies are bogged down in a slow and boring movie that is highly disappointing.  The Tudors is at least an interesting and quick paced, beautifully filmed piece of work. I just wish I didn't get jarred out of the tapestry of the thing so frequently by a sudden major historical fantasy substituting for a much more interesting truth.  Again, a real shame here.
0307388840|3.0|Yes, Ian McEwan writes beautifully. Yes, I actully liked the last section of the novel where as a reader, I understood more about Briony. But the novel felt sluggish, and the characters seemed shallow. I just never connected, which was a disappointment. It seemed on the surface to have all of the elements I usually enjoy.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|.  We all know the deal by now DON'T WE????    First the regular edition will come out on Blu-Ray.  Then, the Remastered edition will come out on Blu-Ray. Then, the Special edition will come out on Blu-Ray, Then, the Remastered Special edition will come out on Blu-Ray.  Then, the Extended edition will come out on Blu-Ray.  Then, the Extended Remastered edition will come out on Blu-Ray.  Then, the Extended Remastered Special edition will come out on Blu-Ray.  Then, the Regular Trilogy will come out on Blu-Ray.  Then the Remastered Trilogy will come out on Blu-Ray.  Then the Remastered Special Trilogy will come out on Blu-Ray.  Then, the Extened Edition Trilogy will come out on Blu-Ray.  Then, the Remastered Special Extended Trilogy edition will come out on Blu-Ray.    I AM SURE WE ARE ALL FED UP WITH THE WAY THESE GREEDY COMPANIES RIP US OFF AND GEORGE LUCAS IS NOTORIOUS FOR THIS!!!!!!!!!!    JUST RELEASE THE VERSION WE ALL WANT IN THE BEGINNING AND STOP TRYING TO TAKE ALL OUR MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    WE DO NOT NEED FIFTEEN VERSIONS OF THE SAME MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!  BOYCOTT, WE MUST ALL BOYCOTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
031606792X|4.0|I really, really loved Breaking Dawn. The plot kept twisting and turning, and I loved Jacob's narration through the middle of the book. It was a little hard to get used to in the beginning, but by the end of it, I didn't want to go back to Bella's point of view! And his chapter titles- so funny. So yes, I did like the plot and the different points of view, but I can see easily how people might be disappointed with many different aspects of the plot, and this is mine: The abuse of Jacob Black.     When I read Eclipse, I fell in love with Jake's physical and emotional warmth, his passionate anger and love, his... well, human-ness. I actually began to wonder what I ever saw in Edward. But don't worry- I wasn't on \\"Team Edward\\" or \\"Team Jacob\\". I just felt that, like Jake described it, Edward was a drug to her that she was nothing without, and that kind of addictive relationship was a threat to her. Whereas, Jake could be the sun in her life and be a human for her, not a cold stone that was finally learning human emotions. Basically, I read this book to find out who she chose.    Edward and Jake clearly love Bella with a love any girl would die for. The difference is, as I mentioned above, how she loves them back. **SPOILER** She choses Edward, but Jake stays close by. (SPOILER OVER. =]) His relationships - whether with Billy, his fellow werewolves, or vampires - I felt were far too tumultuous. I know it's a fantasy novel, but love and hate are not fantasies, they are real emotions that should not go from 10 to -10 in a day. I didn't think Jake deserved that treatment. And I don't mean from the characters, but from Stephenie. I know Steph loves Jake- it's obvious in her writing, but he shouldn't always, always, always get the short end of the stick and the brunt of everyone's blistering wrath. Besides, that passionate kiss in Eclipse? What was that, him finally getting a taste of what he would never have or just a way to lead on \\"Team Jacob\\"?    One other mild objectionI had was in Bella's narration after Jacob's, her personality has entirely changed. I didn't see her as Bella before- rather, the motherly, gentle Esme turned super-sexy (or even Anne Hathaway as Agent 99... what the heck? BELLA??) with a fiery temper and passion. I don't know if the change was intentional, but either way, it distracted me that a character I'd known so well was a stranger to me so suddenly.    I know it doesn't sound much like I liked the book, but... I did. I really, really did! And yes, it does tie things up all nice and pretty with a bow, but the road there is not at all easy, and you don't know how those loose ends will be tied up. So that's a blessing, at least. If you're merely curious, you'll probably be cynical and leave a nasty review here, so don't bother. (Oh, and if you haven't read all the three previous books, don't review this one. It's an unfair assessment.) If you love the Twilight series, you should really read the book. But I do warn crazed fans, please do be open-minded to the fact that these books are actually not perfect. Don't be mean to the harsh reviewers, and don't lavish Breaking Dawn with undeserved praise. Be rational. That's all I ask. Just set aside about 12 hours of your time and read straight through. You'll want to, trust me.
031606792X|5.0|I don't remember the last time I have felt so passionate and angry about a novel.  I enjoyed Twilight, I liked New Moon, I loved Eclipse, and now I am completely infatuated with Breaking Dawn.  Each one got better and better.<br />It will be hard to give complete specifics of what I loved about Breaking Dawn without using spoilers, but I will do my best, without ruining the details for someone who has yet to read the book.<br />I was one of the ones waiting in line at midnight with a bunch a preteen girls in prom dresses.  It would take a lot for a book to be worth that experience.  Before I started reading it the next morning, I hopped on Amazon to see the soaring ratings of five stars and was shocked when the vast majority of what I saw was one and two stars.  I didn't read any of them at that point so I wouldn't ruin the book's surprises, but I went into it afraid that I would hate it too.  At first I thought I was going to, I thought I saw where Meyers was taking it and I kept pleading with her to not go there.  She did.  And, she pulled it off beautifully.  What easily could have been cheesy and contrived kept me in awe page after page and made me fall more and more in love with characters that were already dear to me.  The aspects of Bella and Edward's personalities that I always found flat and dormant, I saw grow and mature in this final installment.  Ever since I finished the book, I have been sad, simply because I miss it.  I want to still be lost in Bella, Edward, and Jacob's world.  I am going to re-read all of them immediately, something I didn't plan on doing.<br />The complaints I have read on here, I find laughable.  The book was too long.  It was too happy.  It has bad morals.  It is weird.  It grosses me out.  It is contrived, blah, blah, blah.  We have spent three books with very little else but angst and stress and tears.  It is not a betrayal of the series that the characters don't all slit their wrists at the end.  Plus, this book was filled with stressors and tears. And giving a book low rating because you don't like a new character's name is insulting to everyone's intelligence.  As for bad morals and a bad message for teenage girls.  Get a grip.  We are talking about vampires and werewolves, lighten up!  If that was your concern, you should have been worried from the beginning about all these lemur-like girls who you believe have no minds their own.  They should have been out trying to drink their neighbors' blood years ago!  I am teacher, an I can attest that I have seen more girls involved in reading and dreams of writing as a career thanks to Stephanie Meyer's books and her constant encouragement through interviews than any other motivator.<br /> I wish I had another seven hundred pages to read.  Every question I had been dying to know since the very first book was answered, some in ways that I guessed and some that completely shocked me.  Having your series wrapped up in a completed way is not a sign of poor or safe writing.  When done well, as here, it shows the amount of thought, planning, and detail that was given to these beloved novels.<br /> I hope that Meyers can take the low stars as a compliment.  Anything done well, anything that takes risks, and anything that makes people uncomfortable enough to think is something that has immense value, and it is always controversial and condemned.<br /> Amazing work, Mrs. Meyers!  Thank you for the awesome ride and adding gleaming gems to my library and irreplaceable characters to my heart!ors and tears. And giving a book low rating because you don't like a new character's name is insulting to everyone's intelligence.  As for bad morals and a bad message for teenage girls.  Get a grip.  We are talking about vampires and werewolves, lighten up!  If that was your concern, you should have been worried from the beginning about all these lemur-like girls who you believe have no minds their own.  They should have been out trying to drink their neighbors' blood years ago!  I am teacher, an I can attest that I have seen more girls involved in reading and dreams of writing as a career thanks to Stephanie Meyer's books and her constant encouragement through interviews than any other motivator.    I wish I had another seven hundred pages to read.  Every question I had been dying to know since the very first book was answered, some in ways that I guessed and some that completely shocked me.  Having your series wrapped up in a completed way is not a sign of poor or safe writing.  When done well, as here, it shows the amount of thought, planning, and detail that was given to these beloved novels.     I hope that Meyers can take the low stars as a compliment.  Anything done well, anything that takes risks, and anything that makes people uncomfortable enough to think is something that has immense value, and it is always controversial and condemned.     Amazing work, Mrs. Meyers!  Thank you for the awesome ride and adding gleaming gems to my library and irreplaceable characters to my heart!
B0015DYIH2|3.0|My feeling is that she took the easy out. There were no risks taken.  Considering this is the last book in the series, keeping it fresh would mean something risky and I really didn't feel it.
031606792X|5.0|It was the final book in the series. Did you not want a happy ending? I sure did and that's what I got. As far as I'm concerned Stephenie delivered. I will continue to look forward to more of her work.
031606792X|1.0|Twilight was a beautifully written novel and although New Moon and Eclipse didn't really match its magic, they were at least written well. Breaking Dawn, however, felt like a fanfiction, not a novel written by an acclaimed author with a college degree selling millions of copies of her books. It wasn't the happy ending that deserved one star, it was the horrible story telling that disappointed. Whether not you agree with Bella's pregnancy or the terrible name she gave her kid, etc etc, Breaking Dawn was just bad writing in general. This book fell short. I tried to convince myself Breaking Dawn was better than it is just because I'm a die hard SM fan but I cannot give this novel 5 stars out of loyalty. SM needs an honest opinion from her fans no matter how much the truth hurts.
B001AU8ZLK|5.0|I was a bit concerned before I bought this album when I read some negative reviews here.  !!!DON'T BELIEVE THE NAY-SAYERS!!! This is a great album and the more I listen to it, the more I enjoy it.  If you are open-minded to just good music in general, then you won't have trouble accepting and indulging in the fact that all songs on this album are well-written and produced, and not trying to limit Coldplay into whatever genre that people their music belongs.  I hate buying albums that only have a couple good songs, but this one is definitely not one of those.
B00005JPY0|5.0|WOW!!!  What an epic Batman movie this was. Near prefection in what I like about Batman.  Good action.  Crazy Villians. Batman lurking in the Dark.  Alfred being witty.    All the cast deliver the goods. Not a bad performance by any of them.  The Joker was Crazy-Fun. I was laughing out loud at all his wild stuff.  Two-Face was well done.  The Scarred side of his face was very creepy.  Gary Oldman is Gordon. He walks right out the pages Batman: Year One.  And holding all this together is the wonderfull Christian Bale.  Excellent at playing three different persons: Batman, Public Bruce, and Private Bruce.    My only quibble with the movie is that once again someone finds out  that Bruce is Batman.  It happends in every Batman movie.  This plot device needs to be retired.    Other then that, I declare THE DARK KNIGHT one of the GREATEST Batman  Stories Ever Told in any medium.    Kudos to the Cast and Crew for a job well done.
1416955070|4.0|I found this book interesting from page one and it continued to keep me reading.  I was glad that the author explained people in the book the way she did and had some surprises for the reader.  I think I sat down and read the whole thing in one day.    The only thing that I did't like was that sometimes I was confused as to which character was in a situation before their name was mentioned.
0743290119|4.0|Just finished the story and have to admit it was a fun summer read.  The story is a bit predictable, but i enjoyed following all three characters.  The storyline jumps from person to person which can be hard to follow at times, but i recommend this book to anyone who wants some fun light reading.
031606792X|2.0|**SPOILERS** I was really excited for Breaking Dawn to come out.  I mean REALLY EXCITED.  So like a good Twihard I got my book right at 12:01 and stayed up all night to read it straight through.      The beginning was pretty good and seemed to flow with the style of the other twilight books.  I liked the wedding, but after that things started to get weird.  The honeymoon wasn't terrible, until Bella got preggers.  I was like WTF?! but I went with it, trusting steph to explain this so it made some sense.  Well, I'm still waiting for that explantation.      Then all of a sudden it switched to Jacob's POV.  I really didn't want to switch at first, but I quickly warmed to Jake's POV.  I liked learning more about Leah.  That, however, like so many things in this book turned out to be a dead end and complete waste of my time.  Because guess what? As soon as that demon child is born...Jacob imprints on her.  So the one character left who I could relate to goes over to the dark side and becomes unrecoginzable just like everyone else.      My other WTF?! moment was when Bella told everyone what she was going to name said demon.  Renesmee Carlie.  Please tell me that that name is some kind of sick horrible joke gone wrong.  It was just so tacky to combine everyones name like that.  I actually thought the Cullens had some style and dignity.  My bad.      Next thing we know Bella was a vampire.  This part of the book was okay.  Until I find out that Bella is basically perfect.  How am I supposed to relate to that?      Then we are introduced about 800 new characters near the end of the book.  It all builds up to what is supposed to be an awesome climax to the story.  Which ends up dragging on forever and nothing actually happens.  Great, everyone is perfect and none of them even die to even things out (although I am not sure I would've cared by this point because I'd kinda started disliking/hating everyone by then).  The End.      Wow.  It took awhile for it to sink in how muchI really hated the book because I just felt a little numb for about the next 24 hours.  Then it slowly sank it and I started fighting the urge to burn the book. Instead I started writing really long rants (sorry btw) on the internet. The horrid and boring plot totally took over the characters.  They were constantly OOC.    This book doesn't even seem like it was written by SM.  So I have a few theories about that.  Theory #1 She was smoking somethin really strong the whole time she was writing.  Plus she got the stuff from her editor who also seems to have been delusional during the production of this book.  Theory #2 The Host is not actually a fictional book at all, but rather a true story.  Stephanie was taken over by an alien who had no idea how to write, but felt compelled to still finish the series.  Theory #3 Stephanie felt rushed/pressured to finish the book.  She couldn't think of anything so she just copy and pasted a bunch of crappy fanfics to make up breaking dawn.    Also for all of you out there who were throughly disappointed by BD we have a facebook group.  It's called \\"Is it just me, or did Breaking Dawn suck like a newbornd vampire on a human?\\"  ALL BREAKING DAWN HATERS, WE MUST UNITE!!! so join the group already, sheesh.    Sorry agian about the length.
B00168OINA|2.0|I went to this movie expecting it to be great.  I mean it is Indiana Jones right?  Well without giving away spoilers I came away extremely disappointed.  The story is a mess and on top of that it is not a very good one.  I mean you read that it took Spielberg and company this long because they could never find a script they liked.  This is the one they picked!!! I mean half way through the movie my cousin and I are looking at each other thinking is this serious.  Just a very disappointing ride.  I am giving it 2 stars because I can allow myself to give Indy 1 star.
B0017VG69U|5.0|First I would like to address people who keep commenting that this set should have been offered in HD DVD like season 1 was. HD DVD's have been discontinued, this means there is no more funding to produce HD DVD's. I would have loved for this set to be in HD DVD as well but it is just not possible once the funding to make them went out. Also a lot of people are writing and saying they wish it was offered in Blu-Ray. Paramount has just started releasing some of their titles on Blu-Ray (most notably the Mission Impossible series). Paramount is probably waiting to see how well Blu-Ray is going to do before releasing the Star Trek license especially after they released Star Trek on HD DVD and we all know how well that turned out. People need to remember this is a business and Paramount is not going to risk losing money. But I am more than certain that Paramount will sign Star Trek onto Blu-Ray.<br /><br />I am relieved however that they have released this set now though rather than making us wait for it to eventually come to Blu-Ray (who knows how long that could be). I love being able to watch these episodes on DVD uncut and commercial free and in complete seasons. Also the picture quality, even though on Standard definition, is still much better than watching it off cable, I remembered that earlier this week when I saw an episode on TV Land. The added special effects although the topic of much debate makes the series feel new again to me and adds to the drama and tension during scenes that are suppose to feel that way. Also the new special effects (again my humble opinion) make the shows story better, instead of me just sitting on my couch making faces at the old effects I can watch the show as it was intended to be. I wish Gene Roddenberry could still be alive today to see Star Trek redone in this way, I am certain he would have loved it. I do believe people who have issues with the new effects should not leave negative feedback for this set however, you can still get the older versions if you wish, but for people who appreciate the newer versions we can have them. It is a matter of choice and as someone else said it is entertainment and nobody is pointing a gun to anyones head and forcing them to get one version vs another. This set also includes all the special features that were available on the older second season DVD set along with a few new ones.<br /><br />Bottom line is if you like the new versions with the updated special effects you should get this set. the picture is still quite good for standard definition and of course the audio is good as well. If you prefer the older versions then this is probably something you should skip.der versions if you wish, but for people who appreciate the newer versions we can have them. It is a matter of choice and as someone else said it is entertainment and nobody is pointing a gun to anyones head and forcing them to get one version vs another. This set also includes all the special features that were available on the older second season DVD set along with a few new ones.     Bottom line is if you like the new versions with the updated special effects you should get this set. the picture is still quite good for standard definition and of course the audio is good as well. If you prefer the older versions then this is probably something you should skip.
0743496736|1.0|If you look for any original or insightful outlook on school shooting problem that hit America in recent history then do not bother to read it. The book is full of cliche and \\"cookie-cutter\\" characters supplemented by a (surprise!) cliche dialog (especially between the \\"younger and pretty\\" judge and the \\"lonely heartbroken\\" cop full of \\"general\\" guilt). You find nothing real in this book, just as you find nothing real in your average TV series. In fact, i cannot help but wonder if Picoult wrote the whole thing with a TV series in mind. Greatly disappointing. Or maybe I just have too high expectations...
031606792X|5.0|I think this is an excellent continuation of the saga. I just wish it wasn't the last.
031606792X|4.0|I'm not sure what to think of this last book in the series. I feel like the other three books have a very cohesive feel to them, and that this book just stands out by itself. I agree with other reviews that Meyer shoved way too much info into one book - there's just too much going on. The characters feel like completely different people because they aren't given as much time or space as in the previous books. I was surprised at characters reactions many times while reading this book - they really felt like different people.    That being said, I do think that this edition ties up loose ends for a lot of readers. I can't say that I really like how easily everything turned out, but I do think that this happily ever after ending will appeal to the young adult audience that Meyer is writing for.     Yes, Bella is a married mom living in peace with her husband - but let's be honest - isn't this sort of what we wanted? Maybe not the baby ( I have a hard time liking the child, and her name certainly doesn't help ) part, but the staying with Edward part? Isn't committing to becoming a vampire [forever!] the same, or even stronger, than committing to marry Edward?  I don't think this is some attempt at pushing Meyer's ideology down our throats. Instead, I think that Meyer is envisioning what younger, less mature, people think of as the ultimate romantic ideal [the husband! the house! the baby!].  When these young readers grow up they will make decisions for themselves, so let's not assume that they're so simple minded that reading this book will make them all get married and pregnant before they're twenty. Young readers deserve more credit than that.    Overall, I like the series. I really do wish that Breaking Dawn could have been more personal. I love the characters in the first three books, but this fourth book doesn't do any of them justice. As an older reader, I was shocked that Meyer could remind me of exactly what it felt like to be in high school again during the first three books in her series. Bella is so strange in the fourth book that I could no longer relate to her. The shift from high school student to married vampire was just too sudden.    Meyer has an amazing talent - I wish she could have had more time to really make the end of the series work. I'll definitely keep reading her future work.
031606792X|3.0|This book was really was much too fantastic for it to be in sync with the first three books in the series. Way too much happens way too quickly; I do have to agree with several other reviewers that Meyer copped out, afraid to upset any of her fans, trying to please all, and it ended up backfiring.<br /><br />It seems to me that she had a directive from her publisher that this WOULD be the last book; if she had a spine, she would have realized that she could not have wrapped the story up in just one more addition to the saga. I can say this because I am a publisher myself, and understand the demands of such popular (profitable) publications.<br /><br />Halfway through the book, it reminded me of the foolish and failed sequel to \\"Gone With The Wind\\". There was no integrity of the original novel, and it simply should not have been allowed to be published.<br /><br />Likewise for this.<br /><br />I don't blame Stephenie Meyer. While we all should take in to consideration than she had many editors, a huge fan club, and tremendous pressure on her to create the 'perfect' ending to her saga, it simply was too much for one final book. And, personally, I think she should have put her foot down and refused to bow to the pressure. But Meyer is inexperienced with 'fame' and most likely didn't and doesn't realize she had the power to do this.<br /><br />J.K. Rowling either had the good advice or inherent wisdom to stop when she was ahead and/or stop when she was behind. After watching and listening to Meyer on some video clips, she certainly does not have the latter. Bash me if you will, but she makes my skin crawl with her gushing 'gratitude'. Ugh. And, I although I'm a brunette, I thought her blond jokes got out of hand.<br /><br />Stephenie, dear, you are talented and you have created a sensation. But it is time to get real and listen to what some of your fans are saying, because now you have a great influence over many teenage lives -- do not take this challenge, or burden, lightly.<br /><br />Addition after first posting: Thank you, 'Avid Reader'. A note on the 'blond' joke(s) -- Ms. Meyer wrote a few of them (e.g. Jacob to Rosalie), and my first reaction was her unfair dissing of blonds. Sorry, folks. Thanks again, 'Avid Reader'. My best to all!nk you, 'Avid Reader'. A note on the 'blond' joke(s) -- Ms. Meyer wrote a few of them (e.g. Jacob to Rosalie), and my first reaction was her unfair dissing of blonds. Sorry, folks. Thanks again, 'Avid Reader'. My best to all!
031606792X|3.0|After reading this highly anticipated book, Breaking Dawn I was disapointed in how quickly it seemed to be written. I did'nt feel the characters had the same intensity they had in the previous three books. I felt the passion was week between Edward and bella. I was hoping for some new themed material other than the usual setting of Forks. The Voltari story line had been done previously and I was hoping for more. I did like the way she resolved the three way love triagle between edward, Bella and Jacob (even though it was a little wierd.) Maybe the book would have been better if she would have taken more time and split the book up into two books instead of one. I felt she needed to develope some of the story lines (like the Amazon Vampires alittle more.)  Over all I felt like she was trying to make all the readers happy with what she thought they would like the best.
031606792X|4.0|If you are a sci fi fan you will not like this book. It wraps up too easily and everything works out for everyone. That said, if you are like me and read this series because you a romance reader , you will love this book.  I have been reading romance books for 30 years and this is why we read them. In reading all the comments you notice the common thread is they wanted more strife and did not want teenagers thinking life was this easy.  As an adult we all know that life is anything but. Thats why people read these types of books for the non reality of it. I dont really believe vampires and werewolves exist. The beauty of the book is in the love story and thats what she gave you. I have 2 teenage daughters and they would never read this and think , \\"oh life could be that perfect\\". No one in there right might would. This is a romantic fantasy it wasnt meant to be the \\"Bible\\". Give Ms. Meyer a break. I dont think it was ever her intent to become the moral compass for teenagers. If they really believe all of these tidy happy endings happen, then they are in for a shock in life.
031606792X|5.0|NO SPOILERS!!!!    This is a good book. You can just go ahead and ignore what people are saying about character inconsistencies and plot holes, because there aren't any.  I've been reading the reviews, and it seems that every time a \\"plot hole\\" is listed, someone is able to \\"fill\\" in the hole (and you will be able too, if you read the book, instead of just reading the reviews).  Most of these \\"plot holes\\" are just exaggeration, misunderstanding, or inablilty to understand a the effects a life-changing experience has on a character.  A lot of the negative reviews are also people who were unhappy with a happy ending, (but I like happy endings) So go ahead and read the book, it's good.--unless you like the Buffy/Angel dynamic of \\"I love you but we can never be together\\", because this isn't it.    And, for those you who hate 5 star reviews...I'm not a FanGirl, or a delusional teenager, or a person who has a need to be loyal to an author. I AM someone who has been reading fantasy/fiction for a looooong time.
B000XA5K48|1.0|I missed this movie in the theatres so when I saw it for sale on DVD I had to pick it up. BIG MISTAKE. This movie is beyond over the top. The plot sucks, the action is sooooo far fetched it makes this movie ridiculous. Watching this movie was like torture. Please save your hard earned money and DO NOT buy this movie. If you don't believe me, rent it first. I guarantee you after you watch the first 10 minutes you will turn it off. The main chararcter (Owen) actually kills a bad guy with a carrot.  HORRIBLE movie.
B0000024ZT|5.0|The sound is hardly audiophile quality and at times the rhymes are forced. On the other hand it is 1973 and this is Springsteen's first album. I challenge anyone to name another debut so full of top quality songs - each of the songs later covered by Manfred Mann's Earth Band - Blinded by the Night, For You and Spirit in the Night would be a show-stopper on any other LP. In addition Springsteen gives us other great songs - Lost in the Flood, Growin' Up and It's Hard to be a Saint in the City. I think that this is a mind-blowing initial effort. It is one that clearly marked Springsteen as a talent to tab for the future.<br /><br />Over the course of three decades Springsteen has veered this way and that, both musically and lyrically. There is a world of difference between Greetings and Born in the USA and another world between USA and Nebraska. Lyrically Greetings is undeniably influenced by Dylan - sprawling, poetic, witty, abstract, amusing and dense. Although Clarence is, as always, featured prominently, this Bruce Springsteen is, like The Byrds before him, more folkie than he is rocker. He is a singer songwriter in the best traditions of that genre.  Long standing Springsteen fans hold the debut in high regard. I agree with those who believe that this album and The Wild, together with Born to Run and Stranger represent the pinnacle of his catalog. Quibbling as to whether one is superior to another is rather like arguing whether it is Revolver, Rubber Soul, Pepper or Abbey Road - an interesting debate in which there can be no winner.
B00005KB9R|5.0|This is classic Bob Marley. The name speaks for itself. After one look at the track listing it's a no-brainer. Add the fact that the whole album has been remasted and there it is. Classic!
1402702841|4.0|Solid approach towards drawing human anatomy...    nothing more to say, not great, but solid enough for any beginner to   comprehend.
031606792X|5.0|I thought Breaking Dawn was the best of the 4 books.  It kept you guessing what was coming next.  I don't know why anyone would be disapointed in this book.  It had a little bit of everything in it and it kept moving.  I wish she would now continue with another series about Jacob and Renesmee.  Of course still with Edward and Bella.  I'm curious about what would happen between Jacob, Renesmee and the new guy. Also what about Charlie?  Would he want to know more about Bella & Edward now that he knows that Jacob is a werewolf and is going to marry Sue? That would be a book in itself.  I think this book ended the way it should have but I do wish she would continue with the other stories. I just want more.
031606792X|5.0|As usual, Stephenie managed to bring across a beautiful ending to this saga with both wit and humor. I enjoyed myself thoroughly in this final book of the series - it brought closure to a lot of loose ends. There were many parts of the book where I found myself giggling away.    At the start of the Saga, Cullens were my favorite yet in the New Moon and Eclipse I found myself loving Jacob more and more. Breaking Dawn wrapped up a lovely ending for both the Cullens and Jacob's team. Wonderful!    Let's just say in response to the controversy about Bella's early marriage: For an up-coming immortal, early marriage and pregnancy shouldn't be a problem.
031606792X|5.0|This was the perfect ending to a perfect story. It was exciting, scary and loving all at the same time. It is a must read!
031606792X|5.0|I have read a lot of the negative feedback for the final book by Stephanie Meyer. I can see the points being made by those comments however; This book is fictional first off a fantasy to be engulfed in. I rather enjoyed this book as much as I enjoyed the last 3 of the series. I could not for the likes of me put it down long enough to sleep. And saying so I am not the typical stereotype to enjoy such a book. I wasn't looking for the wrongs in the book, I was looking for the excitement and the awe ism. No I don't believe everyone ever gets exactly what they want in life. This is Stephanie's story and I am sure when she wrote it she didn't intend for people to feel it was indirect to teenagers. The series was something to come home and get lost in literally; into the Twilight world and to escape for a few hours nose deep in a book.
031606792X|5.0|Well, I'm a huge fan of the twilight saga.  After reading Breaking Dawn i was shocked so many people didn't like it, because Meyer gives us every thing we've been waiting for.  She certainly stretches our imaginitions further, but I felt good about the direction this book went and i really enjoyed reading it.  Actually, i'd have to say that it's my favorite of all 4.  Unlike the other books it was a page turner from beginning to end.
1582406723|4.0|Visceral horror and subtle ongoing character serial combine to make \\"The Walking Dead\\" one of the most engaging comic-book series currently being produced.  This initial volume, \\"Days Gone Bye\\", takes the first six issues of the Image Comics series and edits them together into one seamless (no easy feat when it comes to compilations) 130-plus page epic.  Subsequent volumes collect later issues, with new volumes coming out like clockwork once there are six new issues of the monthly comic book to collect.<br /><br />With its realistic looking characters (no abs-of-steel guys or buxom bimbos here) and gritty day-to-day situations (often horrifying but never over-the-top with silly horror movie situations), \\"The Walking Dead\\" is a comic book that doesn't feel \\"comic-booky\\", and would be a good title to recommend to friends who don't normally read comics.  If they enjoy horror stories, that is.<br /><br />Quibbles?  Robert Kirkman is telling a great story here, but sometimes the word balloons can be a little dense with verbiage.  These characters DO go on a bit.  But that's really about it.<br /><br />As this is a comic book, I guess I should touch on the visuals. Tony Moore's art is wonderful: detailed, subtle, yet fast-moving, if that's way to describe comic book art.  What I mean is that the art makes your eye fly from panel to panel, drinking in the action.  But his detail and subtlety make the quiet scenes resonate the way they should, too.  Though Charlie Adlard's art in future volumes is perfectly fine, and has its own plusses, for my money the series never looked better than in this initial collection.<br /><br />Give \\"The Walking Dead\\" a try.  Its unusual mix of subtle artistry and firing-on-all-cylinders outright horror will grab you and keep you coming back for more.
0786856297|5.0|This book begins what is a terrific series for all sorts of older elementary school and Jr high kids.  But it's perfect for kids who like books with a sense of humor, description but not too much of it, and enjoy collecting facts about the various Greek Gods and monsters.  I enjoy it myself, and I'm just a parent.
031606792X|5.0|Everything I wanted to happen, happened. The closure I needed. The only bone of contention I had was that I wished there were more romantic scenes between Edward and Bella. Eclipse was steamier in a way and that didn't have the \\"act\\" in it.     I know some people had a problem with her age as related to getting married and having a child. Stephenie has made it clear that this character is very mature, middle-aged even, compared to other kids her age.     But remember t's fiction, a fantasy. Sit back, relax, enjoy the beautiful and creative story.
031606792X|1.0|When I started reading Breaking Dawn, I deeply and truly wanted to enjoy it. But fairly quickly, I realized I could not. I have never been a huge fan of Stephenie Meyer's writing skills, but I overlooked it in the past because I enjoyed the books for what they were. Breaking Dawn, however, made that fairly impossible. Not only was the writing a poor quality, the story was little more then a vampire soap opera. Meyer's attempts at making her vampires and other creatures more scientific fell far short of the mark- if anything, it made them even more impossible. Another major complaint I have is that it deviated dramatically from the regular twilight formula, which was really all that the series had going for it from the beginning. A story about a vampire and a human falling in love, with the occasional interference from nasty vampire royalty and evil nomad vampires. Breaking Dawn brought in entirely new elements, destroying the basic composition of what Twilight is. In some cases, this can be a refreshing change, but as it's basic formula was all Twilight really had going for it, deviated from that formula brought the series to it's end rather then allowing it to flourish as the final book in what could have been a brilliant four books.
031606792X|5.0|One of my students introduced me to Twilight, and Bella and Edward.  I devoured the first 3 books in about a week or so - and enjoyed reading about vampires without the Anne Rice/ Laurell Hamilton twists.  I had to wonder how everything would turn out, since it appeared that bella would lose herself and her personality for a while.  Carlisle and Alice and Esme all seemed to have adjusted well - leaving the perfect Edward aside for a minute.  But I like happy endings.  If I wanted realism, I wouldn't be reading a book about vampires.  There's no law that says that everyone has to think the same, act the same, and make the same life choices.  People who marry at 25 or 30 or 40, for that matter, are not always mature enough or committed enough to handle it.  And, pregnancy changed me profoundly - I was never the same person again.    I loved the book - I was able to read it with a sense of trust in the author - everything will be all right.  Authors, being authors, are allowed to create their worlds the way they want to.  It doesn't have to be all angst and torment and sorrow.  The escapist nature of literature is what draws us to it - deep down we want to believe in \\"happy ever after.\\"  We have to have heroes.  I found parts of the book a little hard to believe - but then I had to laugh at myself.  I'm reading a book about vampires and werewolves, for Pete's sake!    Enough said. Life is dark enough - sometimes a little peace and happiness is nice.    Kudoes to Stephanie.  Maybe the day after the books ended, an earthquake  destroyed the college, the mansion, the reservation! Would everyone be happy then?
031606792X|1.0|It literally took me three days to finish reading Breaking Dawn.  After all the anticipation, the waiting.....I couldn't bring myself to read it in one sitting.      Why?  Because I kept leaving it and coming back, thinking   I'd wake up at some point and realize I was having a horrible nightmare and that this couldn't possibly be as BAD as it was and that I'd find the REAL Breaking Dawn on my nightstand.    I don't even know where to begin (and I'd bet a LOT of the one-star reviews start this way).  My issues?  Let me count them.    1.  Retcon  2.  Jacob character assassination  3.  Imprinting (in pedophilia they call it grooming)  4.  Edward who?  Certainly not Edward Cullen (who I never liked but still missed in BD)  5.  The impossible pregnancy (see No. 1 above) and revoltingly inappropriate birth scene.   6.  The worst MarySueism I've ever read.  Ever.        The first half of the book was just jaw-droppingly unbelievable and disappointing.  Magical!pregnancy!  Retcon at its finest for the win!  Quil and Claire on the beach fighting it out with Edward using his teeth to rip Nessie out of Bella as the creepiest scene ever (in a YA).     The second half of the book was so boring I literally had to force myself to go back and re-read when I'd realize my eyes had glazed over.      The endless chapters leading up to the Volturi visit were incredibly dull and tediously written, especially when you knew, after learning that Bella is now the strongest, smartest, most gifted, beautiful MarySue ever that absolutely nothing was going to happen to anyone and that she was going to save everyone.  Except Irina.  Irina who -- oh yeah, right.  Who cares?       Super Bella is now the new female leader of the Cullen clan?  Carlisle admires her.  Jasper admires her.  Rosalie worships her.  Emmett admires her.  Esme admires -- wait a sec.  Esme?  What did she have, five full sentences in the entire book?      Final message from the Twilight series?    Premarital sex = bad  Masturbation = bad (the whole 100+ year virgin who NEVER touched it?  Mm-kay.)  Teen pregnancy = good ('cuz it all worked out peachy in the end now, didn't it?)    Color me disappointed beyond belief.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn completed this fantastic saga with the flourish Stephenie Meyer is so famous for.  Many spoilers floated around before the official release of the novel, and I heard basically all of them. From what I was told, the storyline was appalling, and I was shocked that Stephenie would ruin the outstanding series she has created with what I thought was an insane judgement in plot.  Though I was pretty disappointed, I still picked up a copy when it was released, hoping that maybe, just maybe, those spoilers weren't true.  They turned out to be 100% genuine.  But Stephenie managed to write the bizarre happenings into a beautiful story. The novel captured me in a lot of ways the past two novels, New Moon and Eclipse haven't (Twilight did, though). The emotions of each character was so touching; at times so painfully heartbreaking I cried, yet sometimes each would be so utterly happy I couldn't help but smile as well. The characters developed so much. Nobody had really developed since Twilight, they had just stayed the same. Edward was the beautiful, overprotective vampire. Bella was the simple clumsy klutz. Jacob was the lovable werewolf with a bad case of unrequited love. Etc, etc. In Breaking Dawn, they learned to be different. Edward dropped his proud act and begged for Jacob's help in his drastic time of need. Of course, Bella was different because she became a vampire, but that's beside the point. She left that self-absorbed phase behind her, mostly because of Renesmee. Jacob ends up loving Bella just as a best friend - due to his imprint, but he was there for Bella, day and night, as a friend, trying to ignore his own twisted feelings.  Plus, Jacob's \\"book\\" was absolutely hilarious. I used to be so biased against him; I found him the most irritating creature on the planet. But after I read his point of view, and how he truly felt about everything, I completely softened. I learned to like him, and his easygoing personality.  As most of Stephenie's books are,the beginning of the novel was slow, and very draggy, but the pace picked up when Bella realized that she was pregnant. From then on, I was hooked.  I finished the 756 paged book in 11 hours, with tears as well as laughs.  P.S. The last chapter, the revealing conversation between Edward and Bella had my heart all painful. It reminded me so much of themselves in Twilight; the hope of 'forever'. I guarantee a good cry here for the Team Edward saps.  There's been a lot of controversy to whether Breaking Dawn is a good finale - and I personally wholeheartedly believe it is. The Twilight Saga has took me on a journey I will never forget.  Now, we wait for the Twilight Movie. ;)
031606792X|1.0|I went to a midnight release party. I wore my home-made Team Edward shirt. I screamed like the fangirl I was at midnight. And this is what I got? I am a devoted twilight fan, but in no way could I learn to like this book.   *Spoilers*  One major thing for me was that the whole book was about a new character, Renesmee. I wanted to read about the characters I fell in love with in the first three books (Edward, Bella, the rest of the Cullens). Instead I got her, Renesmee, and weird plots. The second half of the book was Renesmee this, Renesmee that. The book was not about Bella; it was about Renesmee. The Cullens barley say more than one line and the things they do say were out of character. What happened to Edward's and Bella's love? All they did was fawn over Renesmee, and have sex. There was none of the passion that was present in the other three books. Twilight, New Moon, and Eclipse showed that there are other ways to show your love for another than sex. Breaking Dawn threw that lesson out the window. Some of the things that happened in the book were things that seemed impossible. A half human, half vampire baby who Jacob imprinted on and whose name was RENESMEE? I mean, come on, I've read better fan fiction. Throughout the book, there were other things that irked me too (trust me, there were many more). In the end, I was very disappointed with the writing style, the plot (or lack there of), and the book overall.
B000002UVX|5.0|This is one of the most important rock/soulful CD's you can have in your collection. It's like a beautiful and intense painting that you have to engage with. A rock mantra. For all guitar players to enjoy.
031606792X|3.0|I both liked Breaking Dawn and disliked it. It seemed to break the pattern of the other three books. The other books in the series seemed to be almost believable. I could relate more. In Breaking Dawn especially with the baby it seemed to be part of a horror movie more so than the other books.  It does resolves all the questions but I am dissapointed about Jacob. Jacob and Bella's relationship issues just dissapeared  so quickly that it doesn't seem right for the other books to be leading up to it. I liked the book, just I like the other three better.
031606792X|3.0|This review is based mostly on facts that I acquired from the book, so it will have some spoilers.      The GOOD:  * The readers gets a conclusion to a very popular series.  * Although there are times where some of the concepts (Jacob's imprinting and Bella lusting for Edward in particular) are a little close to inappropriate for much younger readers, Meyer successfully portrays touchy topics without too much detail.    The BAD:  * Renesmee... I don't feel that I have to say more for this cheesy amalgamation.  * Meyer ends the series with a perfect ending... which teaches the reader nothing about sacrifice.  There is a serious lack of punishment for mistakes and a lack of anything compromised.  When all of this adds up, it shows the reader a very superficial view of how life actually is.    The UGLY:  * Jacob imprints on Bella's daughter, which is very creepy, considering Jacob and Bella's previous *relationship*.    Overall this book wasn't a complete disaster, just written unlike any of the previous books.  Some specifics seem very unbelievable, and don't add up to the readers hopes.  Sure, most people hoped for a good ending, but not a sappy every-last-thing is perfect ending.
031606792X|5.0|On the first read through of Breaking Dawn, I admit I had the same frustrations and disappointments of many other reviewers.  However after  I read it again, I completely changed my mind.  We were \\"warned\\" by Stephenie that she likes to wrap things up with a big happy bow - and that's what we got.  The four major things that I wanted to happen, did happen (Wedding, Nookie, Change, and Jacob imprinting.)  Everything else is gravy on top of that.  And now that we have Nessie, we have someone to carry on the story (crosses fingers and hopes.)      Breaking Dawn wasn't what I expected or initially hoped for but it is definitely what I needed for the conclusion to this saga.      I strongly urge everyone who didn't like it to give it a second chance (Think of New Moon and how we had to give it a second read-through before accepting the story!)
B00190ES1C|5.0|[[ASIN:B00190ES1C The Origin of Species: On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection, or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life]]    This is an excellent ebook. Darwin was a great scientist!
031606792X|5.0|I loved this book!  I don't know what people are complaining about.  Who doesn't want a happy ending?  Thank you, Stephenie, for a wonderful series I will enjoy again and again.
B000SCHC0Q|5.0|What a fabulous story filled with depth, feeling and haunting moments.  I was sorry when the novel ended and with such a bittersweet conclusion.  The story and the characters will stay with you long after you finish the book.
031606792X|1.0|So as a straight up sequel to the previous books, \\"Breaking Dawn\\" completely fails. But what if we're just not giving Stephenie Meyer enough credit? See, her last (supposedly unrelated) novel, \\"The Host,\\" is about a species of body-stealing aliens. I propose that \\"Breaking Dawn\\" is secretly a cross-over between the \\"Twilight\\" series and \\"The Host,\\" in which the characters from the previous books are, one at a time, replaced by alien parasites with completely alternate personalities. How else could a reasonable person explain any of the following: (spoilers below)     -the undead Edward has miraculously viable sperm (remember - the aliens in \\"The Host\\" had extremely advanced medical technology!)   -Bella, who for three straight books has been afraid of marriage and sworn never to have children, is miraculously willing to sacrifice her own life for a mutant half-vampire fetus which breaks her bones and will soon be \\"born\\" by eating its way out of her abdomen! And has no aspirations whatsoever in life beyond pleasing her husband and protecting her mutant daughter (again note alien prediliction for prizing benevolent social ties above all else). Also, her transition to vampire is free of all that normal pesky newborn wildness, most likely also due to the neutralization of her actual nervous system as the parasite cuts it out of the loop   -Jacob, who has been stubbornly in love with Bella for years, transfers all that affection to her newborn daughter in the blink of an eye, and then gets along with everyone all the time, even making friends with the vampires he previously hated! (but there's no cross-species hostility once they're all aliens, is there?!)   -Charlie, who was always incredibly suspicious of anything that could possibly endanger Bella or take her away from him, takes a little walk with \\"Jacob\\" and is suddenly unconcerned and uninterested by the radical changes in his deathly-ill daughter, and would rather watch sports than think about what might be wrongwith her, or know anything at all about his mysterious granddaughter other than how cute she is   -Renesme has near adult maturity from birth (remember that alien parasites are mature when inserted into their host bodies)   -the rest of the Cullens (including Edward) immediately cease to have real personalities once Renesme is born, and instead become living baby furniture which occasionally puts the baby down in order to have sex     Doesn't everything that used to make you want to use this hefty book to bludgeon yourself in the head until you forgot what you'd just read make perfect and beautiful sense once you understand that they're all aliens now? I eagerly await the fifth book, in which humanity as we know it is eliminated entirely and everyone on the whole planet lives happily ever after (unless they try to resist).
B0018OAPAW|5.0|I've been a fan of The Offspring since their first album and have watched their music change direction slightly which isn't uncommon for a band who's been around for over 20 years. After Conspiracy Of One and Splinter which were good albums but not as good as previous ones, I was pleasantly surprised that Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace is The Offspring back to their best. In my opinion this is the best album since Americana and possible the best yet.    There isn't a single song that I don't like and not a single song that I feel the need to skip (which is quite unusual for me). The Offspring are back on top and look like they'll be there for many years to come.    Amazing album and it gets better the more you listen to it.
031606792X|3.0|Breaking Dawn was, overall, an amazing book. This book was quite unlike the other in the Twilight saga. I have to say, I was disappointed. There were actually a lot of things I would like to address that are just plain wacked out and wrong, but I'll settle for only a few.     ***spoilers ahead***     First off, Bella is not supposed to be able to be pregnant. Edward getting her pregnant goes against what Stephanie told us somewhere within the first 3 books. Vampires can't have kids. It's a rule of thumb. Even a guy vampire with a girl human is impossible. Because you need blood in the body from both sides to be able to get pregnant. Scientifically, it's not possible. Besides scientifically, I just don't like that Bella got pregnant. Stephanie couldn't have thought of another way to make the book long? She had to give Bella a baby? I mean, Renesmee sounds really great and everything but she takes away some of Bella's love for Edward. And, was it just me, or did we get the impression in the first 3 books that Bella's love would always be focused on Edward? And now it's split. And Renesmee will be around forever (no having her die young as I'd originally hoped). Now Bella and Edward are immortal parents. Fantastic.     Second thing, why was the book mostly centered on Bella's pregnancy? Seriously. Basically half the book is centered on Bella being pregnant. There are the occasional perks of other miscellaneous things, but mostly it's all about Bella being pregnant. Why couldn't she have just been SMART and let Carlisle deal with the baby. Another thing, what is up with Bella's reaction? I mean, her being pregnant makes her happy. The baby is killing her. Still happy. She might as well be living in her own world of non-existant happiness for Pete's sake!! Bella gets it all without any struggle. Sure she almost dies because of the baby, but that is COMPLETELY HER CHOICE. She chooses to be in pain so that doesn't most definitely dosen't count. So things are peachy keen for Bella and everyone else has to deal. I'm pretty sure this was said by someone else, but what happened to the emotional strain and sacrifice??? That was one of the things this series was built on. Now there's almost none of that.     I've gotta say. I'm disappointed. I really wish I could have talked to Stephanie to advise her against writing the book the way she did. And I'm sorry for ragging on this book for those of you who thought it was the best one of the series and such but this is just my opinion. *shrugs* I hope there are many of you out there who got more enjoyment out of Breaking Dawn then I did.
031606792X|5.0|It is very sad to see so many critical reviews for this book.  I have gone through the book twice now and have loved it both times.  I am glad that I did not listen to the other reviews and went ahead a got a copy.  Would tell anyone to get themselves a copy and I might even read it for a third time.  I thought it was great!!!
B00004RKIJ|5.0|Before dismissing this reissue:  This CD re-issue is of the original LP, NOT the original CD.    This is the LP remastered. With two 12\\" mixes of \\"Don't leave Me This Way.\\"  Summary:  For those of us who had the LP, this is a nice addition to the collection if you can buy it at a bargain price, and you get the USA 12\\" of \\"Don't Leave Me This Way\\" and a difficult to find European mix.  Details:  One has to have bought the import 12\\" versions to understand what's here. The LP versions of the singles were indeed shorter. The original CD issue featured the original UK 12\\" versions of \\"Don't Leave Me This Way,\\" \\"Disenchanted,\\" and \\"You Are My World,\\" plus a longer version of \\"So Cold the Night.\\" So at the time, in 1986, buying the CD was a great bonus, especially in the USA where most of the 12\\" versions were otherwise unavailable. The original CD also contained \\"Breadline Britain\\" as a bonus track as well as the 2nd 12\\" release remix of \\"Disenchanted.\\"  Back to this issue:    Included here as the 22 minute bonus track are both sides of the original European mixes of \\"Don't Leave Me This Way,\\" one of which happens to be one side of the original USA 12\\". The USA 12\\" had an exclusive mix of \\"Don't Leave Me This Way\\" as it's B side.  The extra version here was a mix unique to the European second 12\\" release and features unique vocals.  It's quite rare and good to see it finally available.
B0011ZWNRQ|5.0|'George Lynch'...That sums up Dokken's Success, what little there was....Dokken, back in the 80's was my favorite band, hands down.....only because of George Lynch....yeah, Don had the songwriting skills, but without George, \\"Dokken\\" would never have been \\"Dokken\\"....take note--back in his day, George didn't know how to read music and never took any guitar lessons, until later in the 80's, when he met Tony Macalpine.......then he took a few 'classical' lessons.... anyway, his sound was his own, with the pinch harmonics and the fast licks....but, what made it his own, was the fact that he didn't know how to read music and he played from heart and soul...not to mention his \\"nasally\\" guitar sound, which he later started losing when he left Dokken and started his own line of \\"Screamin' Demon\\" pickups with Seymour Duncan..... he's still, and always will be one of my favorite guitarists of all time......i just wish he would go back to what he does best...... shred it up, loud and nasally.....<br /><br />I like all of their albums, but this one and \\"Back for the Attack\\" were my favorites.....i would put \\"tooth and Nail\\" right up there, but not above \\"ULAK\\" nor \\"BFTA\\"......
031606792X|4.0|I thought this book was a great read. Like the first one, it kept me up all night reading more. I just had to know, what happens next?? There were some good twists that I didn't see coming. There were some good laughs. But mostly, I was happy to see the characters develop in a new way. I was happy for the happy ending. Did the series change my life in some earth shattering way? No. Was it intended to? Probably not. This was just a fun, engrossing, and entertaining way to spend some of my time. I love fantasy novels, but usually shy away from anything vampire related because it can be so silly. But I truly enjoyed this series. Great work Stephanie!
031606792X|5.0|I absolutely adored the first three books, primarily because of the strong feelings I felt towards Edward. I found myself relating to Bella often, in looks and attitude. I certainly would not consider myself some obsessive fan girl, I started reading the series last summer and I always enjoyed how the books had a 'personal' feel to them.    I have always been apprehensive towards the last book within a series, generally because I feel there is either a lack of closure, or the book lacked personality because there had to be closure. Personally, I heavily disliked the last Harry Potter book so I was worried this was going to be the same, especially with the reviews and spoilers I had heard about.    And then, I started reading. And I couldn't put it down.    The rhythm of the book was 'intoxicating.' It was constantly fast paced, with new information hitting you like a ton of bricks. There was hardly a dull moment; personally the only one noticed was in the beginning of book 3, mainly because it felt like SM was putting closure in early on, and then BAM! A total twist! (but it was still interesting).     I was also slightly disappointed in the lack of 'how' the baby was created. I have come to my own theories, however, and I think SM did that on purpose. When I read more about Jacob's chromosomal make-up, I was able to come to the conclusion (and this is PERSONALLY my opinion) that Edward's venom acted as a type of sperm. It was very nice to finally learn more about everybody's chromosomal make ups, and I found the whole situation a lot different than to what I was expecting.    So, to make all you *haters* happy, I did want to prove to you that there were some bad points.    But the good points overruled.    This book was a lot darker than the previous three. Bella has a monster child, she's drinking blood, she goes through the process of becoming a vampire- it's certainly not for the 'imaginative' light-hearted. The romance wasn't terribly cheesy, but I found it humorous and appropriate- another thing I believe SM did on purpose- it allows the reader to choose what they want to believe. I found Bella's personality change refreshing, she really grew up in this book. I'm not even talking about her becoming a vampire, but she is a lot more selfless and interesting (I did find her character to be a bit dry in the previous books, especially in New Moon).    The book was also a lot different than I had expected, which was nice. A lot of books reveal too much information about the end of the series, and the last thing I was expecting was a child. There were obviously a few things we all knew that were going to occur in the book (such as the wedding and Bella's change), but the remaining content was always a surprise.     I got a kick out of Jacob's character- he really grew up too! I think that his imprinting on 'Nessie' was the cause for much of his change, however, does it really matter *how* the change occurs? And I was not the least disturbed by the imprinting. I had already come to the conclusion in the previous books that it is something that is not perverted, but really sweet. It's not like he's having relations with a baby or anything! Plus, it gives the reader a sense of relief that Jacob will always be a part of Bella's life- without Nessie, I highly doubt there could have been a happier ending between the two.    It was also nice to see Edward in a different light. He seemed so much more vulnerable, not the big and strong romantic hero we have all come to know and love. I laughed when Bella first hugs Edward as a vampire and he says 'Ow!'    And yes, it did have a happy ending. But hey, think about it, it's about time! Constantly during the books these horrible and gut wrenching events were taking place- give the poor couple a break! Must we need more sadism? And it's fiction, there is likely never a happy ending in real life. But then again, if you are complaining about the overly happy ending, why are you reading these books in the first place? It's not like vampires exist either :).
031606792X|5.0|Gold Star Award Winner!<br /><br />The fourth and final chapter of Stephenie Meyer's TWILIGHT series is sure to please readers.<br /><br />Bella has a tough decision ahead of her: eternal life or death. Should she live forever with the love of her life, her fianc&eacute; and vampire Edward Cullen? Or should she choose life -- and maybe her best friend who is completely in love with her, Jacob Black -- and face death that will eventually come?<br /><br />That is the big decision that Bella faces, but of course the road down the path to the outcome isn't easy. Many events happen that alter Bella's life forever, leaving both the reader and Bella dazed.<br /><br />BREAKING DAWN ends the series very nicely. Throughout its seven-hundred pages, the reader is engrossed in the drama and action-packed tale of an ordinary girl in a pseudo-ordinary world. The reader should be cautioned that fits of increased heart rate and frustration might raise the desire to hurl the book across the room while reading this last installment of the very popular series.<br /><br />While some could argue that there is simply too much \\"drama\\" -- so much at times that it seems another book may have been of better benefit to the readers' health -- the book is nevertheless entertaining and delightful.<br /><br />Reviewed by:  Steph
031606792X|1.0|I laughed for six straight hours reading this.  So.  Very.  Bad.  EPIC FAIL.  And I loved every minute.<br /><br />I do have one thing to say.  To all the Twilight moms who are saying that it is the teenage fans' fault that they don't like the book? Hello, it is a YOUNG ADULT book. It was not written for your demographic! It was written for, let's say it again, YOUNG ADULTS. It is great that you moms have been able to come along for the ride, but the book wasn't written for you. That makes the FAIL even more pronounced because she wrote a book that didn't relate at all to the demographic she wrote it for! Which means, all together now, she wrote a book of FAIL.
031606792X|1.0|I really liked the first couple of book in the series.  I thought the third one bordered on bad, but this last one?  TERRIBLE.  Every single plot point was plotted simply to conveniently tie up one problem or another, and frankly?  Any book with a pregnant 18 year old (even if she is married) should raise some eyebrows.      I think it's blatantly unfriendly to women (anti-feminist, as it were), and it's just creepy.  Imprinting on an infant?  GROSS.  Teenage wedding?  SAD.  Vampire Bella who is like no other newborn in the entire history of vampires?  DUMB.    It's hard to tell you to avoid this book, because if you've read all the other books, you want to know how it ends.  My advice?  Make up an ending in your head, because that ending is bound to be better than this one.  Yikes.
B00005JMK0|5.0|One of the most classic 80's movies. After watching it, my sister decided to study Computer Science (without ever having used a computer), and you can't really blame her! The \\"effects\\" might be dated, the script might be a bit silly, however the \\"fun\\" factor is still there, along with an amazing 80's soundtrack. I'm still waiting to get this on DVD...
0316143472|4.0|David Sedaris is probably one of the most iconic writers of this generation.<br />He continues to amuse the masses with this book. With a strong similarity to Me Talk Pretty One Day Sedaris tells a few stories of his childhood but focuses on his adult life.<br /><br />A must read for the \\"laugh out loud\\" crowd, Sedaris continues to be an amazing humorist and author.
031606792X|5.0|I really had no idea what to expect from the fourth and final book of the Twighlight series and to say I was shocked is putting it mildly.  I knew that the Volturi would be involved and I knew that Edward and Bella would end up together bc in an interview Stephenie Meyer once gave she stated that she never really intended for Jacob to be as large a part of the serires as he was but she got hooked on him while writing the first book.  Then in a later interview before the release of Breaking Dawn she stated that the story ends exactly the way she started out wanting it to end.  Beyond these conclusions I had no ideas since I was very dilegent about staying away from spoilers.    Spoiler!!!    I was not disappointed in the twists and turns this final book took just surprised.  It was a little weird at first when I realized Jacob had imprinted on Bella's daugter, I do admit. However, Jacob explains later that the reason he was so drawn to Bella, even though he was not meant to be her soulmate, was because she was tied to his soulmate.  This makes since.  Also the whole she's an infant thing does seem a bit creepy unless you actually read and understand that in no way does Jacob feel anything but love for this child.  There was never anything weird about the way he felt.  She was just the most important thing to him and he would always be there to protect her and be her friend.  Even at the end after finding out that she would grow up and live a long a happy life in just 6 yrs Edward even commented about how Jacob never once thought about anything but relief that she was not going to die an old woman at the age of 15 but would be healthy.  Never thought, \\"Yes I only have to wait 6 yrs for her to be old enought to have a relationship with.\\"  This shows he never started out thinking of her romantically.    With a book like this the reader really has to have an open mind and realize that this is not their world but the author's.  And if that author wants to make her vampireand his human wife be able to have a baby then that is the reality of the world you are choosing to be a part of by reading the book.  If you have a problem with this you probably shouldn't read this series.  I also feel that within the realm of the world that Stephenie Meyer created this story and everything that occured do make sense.  You should most definetly not try to compare this book or its occurences to other supernatural books, movies, or myths.  This is a story in itself.      I have given this book 5 stars for the fact that when I finished reading it I was 100% satisfied.  All of the twists and turns of the book had a conclusion.  And not one of those conclusions that leaves you guessing.  I was a little sad that there ended up being no fight with the Volturi but then realized that if the fight had occured that in all reality Stephenie Meyer could not have had all of the characters we have come to know and love live thru it.  There would have been no satisfying conclusion to this story even if Bella, Edward, Nessie and Jacob all lived if, let's say Alice had died.  That goes for any of the Cullens. For this I am grateful.    In conclusion, I hope that if you are reading this series that you do so with a completely open mind and engrose yourself into the world and lives of these characters as deeply as I did.  If you do this I have no doubt you will also enjoy these stories for years to come.    One last note:  The final book is quite a bit more adult in content that the first three.  There of course if some violence like in the others but keep in mind that Edward and Bella are a married couple now and if you have a younger child reading this series you may want to read this one first to make sure you approve.
031606792X|1.0|One thing I have to get out, Stephenie Meyer, before I vomit all over this 754 pages you call novel: What the hell were you THINKING when you wrote this novel knowing that you were going to waste 4+ million copies worth of trees?    Oh, that's right. You got mind wrapped around the ideal that you were going to influence a bunch of teenagers to support your pathetic notions, such as getting married young, becoming pregnant young, and thinking that money falls from trees.    Well, readers, the points that Meyer is condoning are the same morals/concepts parents tell their children to steer away from.    First, Stephenie Meyer did a fabulous job with the first 3 novels of the series. Why did she have to ruin it by bluntly stating to children that getting married and becoming pregnant at 18 is the right course of action? It's not so much as it is wrong as it is how Meyer paints the picture. She glorifies Bella's acts, which conveys to the readers that marriage and having children is the best thing in the world. And while that may be true, it may not be right for everyone especially young adults who are entering a society where education is required to live comfortably.    Another grand point is the fact that Meyer gives Bella the perfect lifestyle where she does not work for anything. In other words everything comes directly and without conflict. In today's society, people have to work hard to succeed. Not only in education, but in relationships as well. It is okay for Bella's life to have a \\"happy ending,\\" but it's too far-fetched in away that it's \\"cookie cutter\\" perfect. She doesn't have to leave Forks; she still gets to see Charlie; she has an endless supply of money; she has a baby that did not kill her; she has a husband who surprisingly changed his mind to have the baby once he \\"heard\\" the baby's thoughts; and the list goes on. She does not seem to have to work for this life...which begs the question: why didn't she have to give up anything in order to achieve this lifestyle?    Now for Jake. Why oh why did Meyer let Jacob imprint on Bella and Edward's child? Another disturbing and pointless detail that Meyer created. If the readers get past the fact that it's disgusting the way Jacob imprinted on a baby (just as Quil did), I don't know how the readers are going to get past the fact that he imprinted on the daughter of a girl he possibly loved and pictured naked at some point. Not only that, Jake freaking kissed Bella, which makes the situation that much more sickening. The child is going to have nightmares after discovering those few details.    And what about the action? The Twilight series novels follow a certain outline. Well, at least the first 3 novels did. The first 3/5 of each book is purely romance and angst dealing with the separation or chemistry between both Edward and Bella. The last 2/5 of each book consists of action, whether it be instigated from the Volturi or other harmful vampires against Bella. \\"Breaking Dawn\\" consisted of neither for the most part. The beginning 50 pages had a little bit of romance when considering the wedding/honeymoon of Edward and Bella. The rest of the 704 pages was fluff dealing with a pointless baby and how the Cullen family deals with it. The Volturi only come in to play at the very end, where there is no action. Stephenie Meyer failed to carry on the format of her previous works, which is vital to a reader's perception of the novel.    Stephenie Meyer also missed the mark on her demographic. This novel is categorized as a Teen novel. Yet, why would she target a book so outspoken with adult choices and situations to such a young demographic? I can go on to ask, what would parents say if they knew their child was reading such a novel? \\"Breaking Dawn\\" be ripped out of the hands of the child...I hope.    I won't go on to rant about the name of the baby, Renesmee; it's just to ridiculous to even believe.    In conclusion, \\"Breaking Dawn\\" is not worth the money. Only read up to book 3of the series...because those are good novels. In no way can any good come from the release of this book to the hands of innocent children.
B000BZ9DKW|5.0|I own this and the movie is extremly funny. It is tasteful and approrpriate for most ages however you really need to be an office worker (IT position helps great) to truly appreciate the movie. That being said, anyone can potentially find it funny but as a resident IT guy in a cubicle I love this movie!
031606792X|1.0|Breaking Dawn is not for preteens, or anyone for that matter.  I was throughly disappointed with this book. Even chapter one was horrible, the whole pregnancy element was awful and left me with nightmares. Bella drinking cups of blood for the baby, while it breaks her ribs and practically kills her. Jacob imprinting on the baby because he can't find a date? The whole thing was so discusting, and horrible. I do not recommend this book to anyone!! If you're looking for a great romance/adventure vampire trilogy for young adults, try L.J. Smith's Vampire Diaries. It's a fun summer escape without all of the disturbing elements of Breaking Dawn.
B00005JPO1|2.0|I'm sorry, I saw it recently and was awfully disappointed. Appeared to be more non-participatory video game than film.     I liked \\"some\\" the subject matter and particularly the location. But, evil commies? Puleeeze! JD kid, old lost love, comments about being too old for this sort of thing (well, that didn't have to be so...if they had written a different scenario). And happy ever-after marriage, oh brother.    There could have been an older and grayer Indy in a post WW2 period. Ford could have pulled it off. And the Inca territory of S.A. would have been fabulous...even if a UFO fly-away was required.    Why couldn't Indy have adapted some of the character of his dad!    It should have ended with \\"The Last Crusade\\".  All three of them galloping into the sunset and legend.
0743277708|2.0|This strikes me as definitiely a \\"book of its time\\". First published in 1972 (after being rejected by 13, count 'em, 13 publishers), it is written on a \\"young adult\\" reader level and is basically a formalized cobbling together of stories the author told his children on tedious car trips. Each chapter is preceded by a literary quote, which after the first 20 or so becomes a bit precious and eventually pretentious. Obviously, it has quite a following, but it seems to me to fall into the same category as books as diverse as \\"A Wrinkle in Time\\", \\"Stranger in a Strange Land\\", \\"Atlas Shrugged\\", or perhaps less complimentary, \\"Jonathan Livingston Seagull\\" (which itself was published 2 years before this). All have their fans, most of whom first read their book at an impressionable age, and who seem more passionate than the material objectively deserves, because the story has some resonance for those readers. Those fans all find some sort of inspiration, or really self-confirmation, and tend to get irate if YOU don't \\"get it\\" too. Frankly, it struck me as an overly-twee cross between \\"The Hobbit\\" and Beatrix Potter. (And please, I *did* enjoy \\"The Wind in the Willows\\".) The female rabbits (\\"does\\") are essentially non-existant in the first third of the book, and are much-sought-after non-entities in the rest, useful only for perpetuating rabbithood (didn't know THAT was a problem....) The \\"lupine dictionary\\" ought to be a litmus test for potential readers: if this strikes you as charming, or clever, or creative, give the book a try. If you think that is just a mite affectatious, and have a hard time with rabbits having \\"names\\" like Hazel, Buckthorn, Pipkin, and Dandelion, I think you'll be happier with a \\"pass\\".
031606792X|1.0|SPOILER ALERT  Was anyone else completely let down by Bella in Breaking Dawn?  All through the first 3 books Bella was the anti-heroine. She was clumsy, selfish, and had very low self-esteem. She never made difficult decisions or sacrifices; she left all of those to Edward and Jacob. But I was ok with it. I was just waiting for the day Breaking Dawn came out and Bella had to make the rough decisions that would show just what kind of woman she is. Humanity or everlasting love? Her parents or Edward? Friendship with Jacob or vampire family?  Nope. These decisions were all conveniently worked around by some swift storyline changes. (Apparently vampires CAN have children, small bits of the truth are enough to pacify football-minded Charlie, and werewolves aren't actually werewolves anymore.)  Bella never had the chance to prove that she was a worthy human being. Bella was never really a person at all. Everything she was revolved around Edward and then Renesmee (gag). I understand that Bella and Edward were so in love that they couldn't live without each other. But Bella could have had some good qualities beyond her love for Edward (and their little spawn). She couldn't do anything worthy until she was granted supernatural powers (from Edward of course). I hate Bella.   I guess I was hoping that Breaking Dawn was going to prove me wrong about Bella.   It's inevitable that the girls reading this book will get ideas from it. What does Breaking Dawn teach the millions of young, impressionable girls reading it?
0930289234|5.0|This was the first comic I have ever read, and has left me wanting to read more. Great writting as well as artwork. If your a comic book fan this is a must read.
0345495004|4.0|Loving Frank is an unsentimental and nuanced fictionalization of the real-life extramarital affair between well-known architect Frank Lloyd Wright and Mamah Borthwick Cheney. Horan confronts the moral issues implicated by the affair head-on and with intelligence and objectivity. Mamah and Frank are rich, three-dimensional characters surrounded by many other fully developed characters. Informative descriptions of Wright's architecture and discussions of contemporary feminist ideology are nicely interwoven into the personal narrative. These nonfiction elements support and enrich the narrative without overpowering the primary storyline. The novel concludes shortly after a shocking event. Had this event not actually occurred in real life, it would have been an unsatisfactory ending--a disappointing deux ex machina. Recommended, especially for those readers interested in architecture or feminist theory.
B000T9OP7G|5.0|Show is awsome!!! At first I was affraid when I found out it was on fox becuase fox has a tendency to kill off their shows, but this show has a huge fan base and I don't think it's going anywhere any time soon. I am glad they decided to film the show in between terminator 2 and 3 because there was a huge part missing. Terminator 3 shouldn't have been made, but this show makes up for it in a BIG way. Headey is the best actress for the role of Sarah Connor. All you Anti Leana Headey Fans back off!!!!!! Get the first season it won't fail to impress.
0375758992|4.0|In Don't Let's Go to the Dogs Tonight, Alexandra Fuller describes her childhood in Africa. Fuller's story, told in graceful prose, is brutal and touching and never overly sentimental. I enjoyed many of the stories Fuller includes in this memoir, but I found certain aspects tedious. Fuller's family moves through many different living situations in numerous countries and confronts various unstable political regimes. After awhile, these places and politics run together and became repetitive. The tedium borne of this repetition somewhat lessens the overall power of this memoir, but Don't Let's Go to the Dogs Tonight remains a worthwhile read.
031606792X|3.0|unlike most people do today(meaning this day and age) i read the review before i read the book. a lot of what i saw was disappointing. most of the reviews told me the book was so horrible it wasn't worth a penny.<br /> but being bullheaded i went and bought the book for myself. i read most of it thinking well this ain't so bad. and it wasn't. now im not saying it was the most excellent book on my list no that still belongs to harry potter. but i enjoyed how tense things could get and how loving edward was to her.<br /> my feelings on jacobs situation is that yes a little freaky but doesn't it make perfect sense. he loved bella so why would he not imprint on her daughter.<br /> most of my disappointment came from bellas inabilatiy to be different. however that happened throughout the series and i did not expect anything different.<br /> another thing people are freaking out about is the fact that bella got pregnant. yes she had unprotected sex with edward but isn't that what most people do on their honeymoons. yes she is a teenager but look at all the help shes getting from rose and esme and everybody. they say it takes a village to raise a child and many times today it is left solely up to the parents(who by the way should have most of the responsiblity) but why shouldn't other people be involved. i myself am a living proof that people should have other people help with caregiving. my very best friend's mom is like a 3rd mom to me. and i have my godfather and my step grandfather. and in my opinion i turned out all right.<br /> okay so you know im not all for the teen pregnacy but it happens and people need to help those teens out, because theres no way their ready to live by themselves and pay the bills. whoever you beleive in gave us parents for a reason so why are parents backing down instead of helping their own kids out. its not like the teens child was created diffrently no it was created the same way.<br /> another review i noticed said that bella should have called somone other then rose but does anyone realizee how scared she was she needed somone to talk to and if she had told her mom she would have blown her \\"family's\\" secret.<br /> okay so the book didn't turn out like you wanted it to stop complaining and realize that your opinions are not what SM needs right now. she just finished the last book and when she sees these complaints shes gonna feel bad so(and i think this rule applys nicely here) if you don't have anything nice to say shut your mouthes.en rose but does anyone realizee how scared she was she needed somone to talk to and if she had told her mom she would have blown her \\"family's\\" secret.    okay so the book didn't turn out like you wanted it to stop complaining and realize that your opinions are not what SM needs right now. she just finished the last book and when she sees these complaints shes gonna feel bad so(and i think this rule applys nicely here) if you don't have anything nice to say shut your mouthes.
0385340990|3.0|The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society is a lighthearted epistolary novel about an author who travels to Guernsey, a British island in the English Channel off the coast of Normandy. The protagonist, Juliet Ashton, is a writer with a warm personality and an adventurous spirit. As Juliet researches her next book about the German occupation of Guernsey during WWII, she befriends the quirky members of a book group on the island. Although The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society is charming at times, this book is mostly lacking in substance. The characters are formulaic, and the plot is entirely predictable. A quick and forgettable read.
B000R7I3LY|3.0|A lot of good elements, but this album just doesn't quite have enough soul or depth to make it past radio pop.
0143038419|3.0|For the same reason I read The Da Vinci Code (namely, peer pressure), I finally read Eat, Pray, Love, Elizabeth Gilbert's bestselling memoir about her culinary and spiritual journey following a messy divorce. I have no major complaints about this book, but I also have nothing particularly positive to say. It's exactly what you'd expect: typical and predictable but also easy to read and somewhat entertaining. As Gilbert traipses across Italy, India, and Indonesia, her lighthearted tone keeps her story from wallowing in seriousness, but it also introduces a veneer of superficiality. If you like these kinds of books (thirty-something woman rediscovers the joys of life), you'll probably enjoy Eat, Pray, Love. Personally, I'd rather spend my time reading something more unique.
B00000016S|5.0|There are few bands in rock history who have put together so many fine songs on so many top quality albums. Every song is worthy of being on this wonderful album, which my son so aptly describes as the Abbey Road of CCR's many fine compilations.<br /><br />Almost every song is so well known that I won't try and review them one by one, although failure to mention any song almost calls for an apology. It is significant that most of them are at least as appealing now as they were when they made a huge impact on release almost 40 years ago.<br /><br />Consider the almost frantic Travelin' Band, the superb Ramble Tamble, Up Around The Bend, that quickstep standard (Lookin' Out My Back Door), the Woodstock reference (Who'll Stop The Rain) and the list goes on.<br /><br />A good quality indication is that the band took on classics like Before You Accuse Me, My Baby Left Me, I Heard It Through The Grapevine and Ooby Dooby and arguably did the best versions ever done of those songs.<br /><br />A benchmark album of the rock era.
031606792X|5.0|I have to admit that I didn't enjoy the middle of the book, it was a bit too sci-fi for me. The beginning was great and it ended with suspense.  I see nothing wrong with a nice ending for a change. It was not as captivating and romantic as Twilight which is still my favorite book of the series, but a great read nonetheless.
B00000016Z|5.0|A very under-rated, intense swampy-bluesy, album which I appreciate now even more than when it was first released.  Contains some outstanding material.<br /><br />Proud Mary, the most popular song, was a deserved big hit but Born On The Bayou is the best song.  An intense, brooding, swampy - occasionally even slinky - masterpiece with scowling vocals that John Fogerty does better than any other man alive.  Play it loud and get into the mood of the song.  Magnificent.  One of the greatest songs of the era.<br /><br />Bootleg is an excellent, catchy tune which also is typically swampy while being laid back and ultra cool. Very under-rated; few people have heard it but when they do for the first time it is an instant success.  I'm surprised they didn't promote that song better.  Is noteworthy that JF still does it in his concerts - he knows the good lesser known ones! Keep on Chooglin' (a term Fogerty says he made up himself) is also a great addition to the album.<br /><br />Penthouse Pauper reveals some fine Fogerty blues guitar and is an interesting mood change.  Speaking of guitar, Fogerty does some neat work on Good Golly Miss Molly, which rolls along at pace compared to the slow, harp orientated, blues number Graveyard Train, which adds some darkness and tension to an excellent and varied album.  I've bought a DCC version because the fine collection deserves to be heard at its best.  A must have.
B00005JNJV|5.0|This movie is not the batman seen on the old TV series.  I think the old movies attempted to darken that old theme and came up with something in between.  I did enjoy the old movies with that quasi-dark drama/action and plenty of tounge-in-cheek moments.  Well, the first couple anyway.  The new movie though just fits the character so much better.  We knew his motivations for being Batman, but now finally Bruce Wayne acts like the product of his childhood.      Without discussing plot, this movie is superior to all other Batman films.  Those who say it is slow maybe just want to watch 90 minutes of explosions and car chases.  I think this movie has the right amount of action mixed in with pretty deep character development.  It isn't just Bruce Wayne, all the characters are important.  That is a rarity for movies now.  I was reading an interview by the director about shooting of the sequel and he talked about not using a second team for \\"unimportant shots\\".  He replied that if a shot/scene is truly unimportant, than it should not be in the movie.  He's right, watching the movie again just recently, there wasn't a single time where I tuned out due to a scene I didn't like.    The acting was top notch across the board.  The script was good as well.  The League of Shadows was a bit over the top and cliche at times, but it needs to stay true to Batman now.    Blu-ray looks great.  I did not notice any grainy shots.  It isn't the bright vivid HD experience you may see in other movies, but pausing the disk as looking at the detail on the bricks in the background or the swirling smoke really gives you a sense of the picture.  When I first put 300 into my HD-DVD player I was dissapointed that they kept it so blurry for the HD transfer.  In this film they were able to give detail and sharp edges without loosing that dark feeling.  Very good video transfer.    The sound is good.  I've heard better sound effects in action movies, but I didn't end the film thinking that the soundwas lacking here either.  The explosions were not overpowering and it was mixed well so you weren't struggling to hear the quiet dialog one scene then trying to keep your glass from shaking off of the table the next. Too often in action movies today the explosions are too loud for those quiet scenes and you have to artificially crank that center channel to make it watchable in a home environment.  The music was well done and added to the movie without it taking center stage.    Overall, this is a movie where you can watch it realize that it is complete.  No \\"director's cut\\" is needed.  There are no extra shots.  Everything just fits well together.   From a movie lover's standpoint, this movie should be appreciated for that even if you don't like the plot or premise.
B0017VG69U|5.0|I have only Pre-Ordered Star Trek: Remastered Season Two but i have viewed all the new GCI special effects shots shown in syndicaton so i am more doing a review of the Remastered treatment of Star Trek.    I got Star Trek Remastered Season One when it was released and have watched it constantly.  The remastered live action scenes are amazing- it makes the shows feel new and fresh - and the new CGI effects sprinkled through the episodes are sweet.  the new effects visualy expand the scope and story of the episodes and make it feel like you are almost watching it new all over again.  The only problem is even though the new DVD's looked so much better than the VHS video releases it is impossible to watch the old washed out scratched footage with the clunky, incomplete, repetitive effects shots after seeing the Remastered episodes.    This means i am limited to season one untill this arrives at my door and season three is released on SD DVD.    I highly recomend Star Trek Remastered.
031606792X|2.0|When I purchased Breaking Dawn (at Midnight with a horde of fellow fans), I expected a continuation to the excellent series that SM began with Twilight. Instead, I found that Breaking Dawn was more of a separate story; an entirely different novel with an entirely different style of writing and an incongruent plot. While the book does follow the same characters that we have grown to love (or hate, with reason), the story that we have been eagerly awaiting a conclusion to has disappeared. The characters act in uncharacteristic ways, the plot has major and pointless tangents, and the perspective of the book changes from Bella to Jacob for nearly half of the story. (I admire Jacob, to be sure, but how long can I be expected to read about his not-so-intricate \\"pack\\" dynamics and his love/frustrations with Bella? Sure, it was interesting to see what he was thinking, but it was over-done.)          The conflicts within and between characters are limited, and in the end, everyone seems to get exactly what it is that they most want. A fairy tale ending is satisfying in some cases, but this is simply not how the rest of the series is set up. We are conditioned to beleive that there will be hard choices and sacrifices. We expect that Bella cannot please both Edward and Jacob, and that someone will get hurt. There are multiple sacfrifices that Bella has made in her decision to become a vampire (having children is one of those) that makes her devotion to Edward that much more powerful. I, at least, expected that some things would not turn out perfectly, and that's what gives the plot a greater impact. Bella's love for Edward is more intense if we can believe that she would give up her desires to be with him. The fact that everything turn out peachy-keen makes the plot flimsy. A fairy-tale ending is sweet, but must EVERYTHING be so perfect? People compare SM to J.K. Rowling, which is undeserved in my opinion. At least J.K. Rowling had the courage to dissapoint some of her fans in order to deliver the necessary story that she envisioned. I beleive SM was just afraid of displeasing any of her fans by not offering whatever it was that she thought they wanted.  Though it may not sound like it, I did enjoy the book, to a point, but moslty this is because I no longer feel the need to end the series. In fact, I think it did an excellent job of satiating any desire I had for the continuation of the series. SM did a suburb job of pointing out all of the flaws of here characters to the extent of them becoming less likable. Bella is immature, impractical, and too grey-toned to be a heroine; Edward transformed from a breathtaking admirer to a fretting goose; Jacob lost almost all of his sincerity as a character; and the Cullens suddenly lost their flawless composure.         To sum it up, I can't honestly imagine what SM was thinking when she was writing some of those obtruse plot twists, other than to please everyone. If you are expecting an epic tale in continuation of the series, look perhaps to fanfiction. If you would rather dismiss all plot that may turn out badly and make anyone unhappy, well then, read on.
B000FP2OPY|5.0|Working nights, I end up watching a few prime time shows thru Netflix or Itunes, never expecting a lot since it is just tv...    Supernatural is a gem! Actors Jared Padalecki and Jensen Ackles bring the characters in the tightly written scripts to life.    As I just finished season 1, I found most episodes so tense I was kept on the edge of my seat. The Hell House episode is quite funny with Dean and Sam playing pranks on each other. Also in that episode 2 amateur 'paranormal researchers' at one point question, \\"WWBD - what would Buffy do?\\"
B000XA5K48|5.0|I happened upon this movie just passing through and suddenly I was spellbound. Partly out of concern for the baby and then I had to know the \\"why\\" of it all. I sat on the sofa thirsty and wanting out of my work clothes but I could not take my eyes off the screen. Highly recommended.
031606792X|4.0|*This includes spoilers throughout!*    I feel compelled to respond to the first review of Breaking Dawn, which is a negative one.  I feel that the author's intentions are not to suggest that at 18 people should simply have babies, get married, and forget about themselves entirely.  Suggestions such as these ignore completely any underlying themes to the novel and focus on the simple, literal events which occur in the novel.  However, to humor the reviewer, let's focus on the literal, apparently most irritating event:  not going to college.  I am sad that I must point out the obvious here:  Bella is now a vampire.  She will live forever.  One would assume that would be enough time to go to every college in the world fifty times over, possibly more than that.      Also, another point was Bella's acceptance of her pregnancy.  It is true that earlier in the novel, she does not want to have children.  This is not hard to understand because, at the time, she believes that in order to have Edward she could not have children.  Because she loves Edward so much, she chooses him over children.  When she finds she is pregnant, she realizes for the first time, that having Edward's child is not impossible.  The point here, is that it is possible that should would have wanted a baby with Edward before had she known it could happen.  When it does, she accepts it.  That does not seem so impossible.  Also, her pregnancy is entirely consistent with Meyer's mythical world.  In the previous books, none of the vampires thought it possible.  It is such a rare occurrence that they believed it would never happen.  Of course a female vampire could not carry a baby, but it is not far fetched to go along with the idea that a human female could have one.  The vampire venom repairs the body to a perfect state.  Anything \\"abnormal\\" would be less than perfect.  Pregnancy would be a less than perfect state for the body.  The baby's \\"host\\" would have to use its stores to support the baby, hence itis imperfect.  The vampire venom would \\"repair\\" this, much like it repaired Bella's broken back.  A male, however, would not have this problem.  The sperm could still exist in liquid form and would not harden like the skin of the body because the venom itself is in liquid form.  Hence, it is not a far leap to conclude that that would still exist.  Sperm in a male is constantly there, but eggs in a female's ovaries are not.  If a vampire is frozen into a perfect state unchanging, there is no way a female vampire could become pregnant.  I do not see why some would find this so far fetched.  Plus, the idea of a mythical beast  impregnating a human female is a myth that can be traced throughout time, and I think that Meyer was clever in introducing another known superstition into her novels and then shaping it into her story.    Also, I think it is wonderful that Bella finally does not have to sacrifice too much in this particular story.  To me, it is more important that throughout the novel, she is more than willing to sacrifice everything.  The fact that she's willing to do so for others makes her who she is:  the shield. This power fits in well with her personality throughout all of the novels, and it's nice that she can be prepared to sacrifice it all, including her very \\"life,\\" without having to do so in the end.  Her willingness is what matters.  It takes a highly cynical view on life to suggest that not having to actually sacrifice anything could never happen.  Besides, just because she ends up with Edward, Renesme, Jacob happy, and her dad in her life doesn't mean complications could never arise to where she would need to sacrifice something eventually.  After all, she gains those things toward the middle of the book and complications arise that threaten to destroy the happiness of all.    Overall, I just had to put in a few arguments of my own.  The novel, I thought, was a good one.  I wasn't expecting it to go in the direction it went, but I was pleasantly surprised.  It was a bit obvious, though, that the Volturi would arrive, but that was a small set-back for me.  I still love all the books and I feel that Stephenie Meyer did a wonderful job of ending the saga.  Plus, the ending leaves enough open that if she ever feels like returning to Edward and Bella, more stories could follow.
B00007KWHG|5.0|This is a real score for both fans of Franki Valli and for Rhino records. This best of gathers songs from all phases of the band's career and Valli's solo albums, from various labels and multiple decades. From those first memorable singles \\"Sherry\\" and \\"Big Girls Don't Cry\\" on Vee-Jay (a label that was an early US host of The Beatles) to Valli scoring a number one with the [[ASIN:B000001FDK Grease Soundtrack]] theme song, you can follow pop styles and trends through Valli's falsetto.<br /><br />While those coming to this CD via the success of the [[ASIN:B000BFH2QY Jersey Boys Broadway show]] will be taken aback by the primitive sound of the early records, the production was still very pristine for the times. The horse-clops on \\"Walk Like a Man\\" or the chimes on \\"Dawn (Go Away)\\" show savvy, and the 70's comeback of \\"Who Loves You\\" or \\"Swearin' To God\\" hail the omnipotence of the disco era. Add some great liner notes, and you have the best Four Seasons comp available. Take a little stroll down the Jersey Boardwalk with Sherry, Candy, Ronnie, Dawn and Marrianne...and Franki Valli.
031606792X|5.0|I want to buy Stephenie Meyer a present.  As much as I adored Twilight, New Moon and Eclipse, I wasn't prepared for the artistry of Breaking Dawn.  Any passionate reader of fiction understands the importance of the perfect conclusion to a book or a series.  A. S. Byatt's Possession had such an ending.  So did J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series.  And now, so does Stephenie Meyer.  The Twilight series was so wildly popular not just because Stephenie Meyer created a perfect romantic hero in Edward Cullen (she did) or an equally perfect alternative hero in Jacob Black (yes, again) or a uniquely strong heroine in Bella Swan (who is most assuredly not passive) a heroine who is happy with herself both before and after she meets her soulmate, but because Ms. Meyer set up an impossible situation where each outcome was painful to contemplate: the potential loss of Bella's soul versus her growing rapidly old and dying while Edward never did.  How could Bella live without Edward and he without her?  And how could she live in the manner that he was forced to live?  Every seed Stephenie Meyer planted in the first three books of this series blooms in Breaking Dawn.  Every idea comes to fruition.  And her theme, which seems to be misinterpreted by some readers more eager to publicly denigrate Ms, Meyer than they are to engage in thoughtful discourse, is not the damaging idea that a girl isn't complete without a baby and a man and a picket fence.  The idea behind all the books is love is important.  Love of one another.  Love of community.  Love of family: parent, siblings, children.  Love of friends.  And most importantly, romantic love, life partner love.  And this ideal is illustrated in Breaking Dawn, in ways I wouldn't have imagined, in ways that made me cry, in ways that made me feel the exhilaration I feel whenever I read something true, the way only fiction and poetry can be true.   The series blossomed upward and outward; from a deeply compelling connection between two unlikely lovers to a grand and life affirming story of the importance and power of love among all people.  I wish I could buy Stephenie Meyer a present because Breaking Dawn felt like a gift to me.
031606792X|5.0|I actually loved it.  I would have like to seen more of the dazzled relationship between Bella and Edward but that is not where it went.  I thought it read great.
031606792X|1.0|I have to agree with many of the other reviews, either Stephenie Meyer is now a \\"Host\\" to some alien species who actually wrote Breaking Dawn or this was the rough draft that actually got published by mistake!  This book was totally off the mark, the characters were like reading brand new characters they did not match any of our beloved characters from the 1st three books, I am all for a happy ending but keep the story flowing in the series, it was like she couldn't think of anything else to write so she tried to think of the most out there twist, if this was a TV show she would be accused of \\"Jumping the Shark\\".
031606792X|4.0|Do you think she was trying to send a message, or just write an entertaining book? Personally, I don't think she sent a horrible message to young readers at all. She had them wait until they were married, for cripes sake. Yes, it's very abnormal for people to get married and have children so young, but I personally known a few couples who have done so successfully. -- I think people are just letting their feminist sides (don't burn me. i'm a fem too.) get the better of them. What they forget is that what works for some people, does not always work for others. So marriage and a child suits her? Does that make her immature? Undeveloped? No, she found herself in an extremely unusual situation and made decisions based on what SHE wanted. Her mother even said that Bella made a choice that she didn't think many other girls should or could make.<br /><br />And she made no strides in her personal growth and let everyone else do everything for her? She loathed the idea of a big fancy wedding. Honestly, I would to. I can't blame her for not wanting much to do with it. She made a brave sacrifice for her child, choosing to die so that she might live. (Talk about a message!) And how can anyone say she did not try to develop herself? She harnessed an ability she didn't even fully realize she even had so that they could win the confrontation against the Volturri. She even tried to learn to fight. So she didn't instantaneously begin digging through books or take up pottery. She has infinity for all of that! I'm pretty sure she was only 4 months immortal by the close of this book.<br /><br />Honestly, I always felt the imprinting thing was creepy from every aspect. I'm not a big fan of anything that revokes free-will. But being that this is one of the \\"realities\\" of the book, I have to say that Jacob imprinting on Renesme seems logical. He's the alpha and therefore the best of his pack, special. Wouldn't it be natural that he would imprint on someone just as special to make a better \\"breed\\", so to speak? It dawned on me that this was going to happen before it actually did and I have to say, I got a really good giggle out of it. Don't ask me why. Maybe I found in ironic.<br /><br />I wasn't disappointed in this book at all. I found it a very enjoyable read, since many of the plots points I had heard from other sources that, who quoted SM, were impossible. The pregnancy and part of the book coming from Jacob'c perspective, for example. I had heard that she claimed these things would never happen and they did. I'm thinking that she lied on purpose to keep us from spoiling ourselves. And for that I'm glad. I would have hated to see any of this coming.<br /><br />Okay, so I was disappointed with one part: I kinda wanted the Volturri confrontation to come to a physical fight. The violence is one element that I felt went missing in this story. I understand that in order to get a completely bright and shiny ending none of the main characters could die, and there was no way that she could convinicingly have a batle begin without Cullen casualties but . . . but . . . violence. I missed it. :(o speak? It dawned on me that this was going to happen before it actually did and I have to say, I got a really good giggle out of it. Don't ask me why. Maybe I found in ironic.    I wasn't disappointed in this book at all. I found it a very enjoyable read, since many of the plots points I had heard from other sources that, who quoted SM, were impossible. The pregnancy and part of the book coming from Jacob'c perspective, for example. I had heard that she claimed these things would never happen and they did. I'm thinking that she lied on purpose to keep us from spoiling ourselves. And for that I'm glad. I would have hated to see any of this coming.    Okay, so I was disappointed with one part: I kinda wanted the Volturri confrontation to come to a physical fight. The violence is one element that I felt went missing in this story. I understand that in order to get a completely bright and shiny ending none of the main characters could die, and there was no way that she could convinicingly have a batle begin without Cullen casualties but . . . but . . . violence. I missed it. :(
031606792X|1.0|I hated this book it was a complete disapointment.  I loved and really enjoyed the other 3 books of this series, I could not put them down. This one I had a hard time picking it up.  It was weird even for a vampire and wolf book.
031606792X|5.0|Exactly what is wrong with all of you Twilight Series fans? Did you NOT read the first three books? Did you not catch the subtleties of the first three? If you can read the first three and accept a family of adopted vampires, a clan of shapeshifting wolves who's genes genetically click into wolf mode when there are vampires around, sparkling skin in the sun, special vampire powers like sight and mindreading, an Italian Vampire Mafia, and two teenagers having the power to abstain from sex, then WHY is Breaking Down so unbelievable?    Eclipse left off with Bella not sure if she wanted to get married, not sure if she wanted to change, and the Volturi wanting Alice.....how could Breaking Dawn not have a strange twist to it? If it had simply been married, changed, and a vampire fight, fans would have been dissapointed and complaining about that!    Instead, Stephenie Meyer delivers a fun, twisted, shocking, and pure fantasy entertainment novel and you are still complaining! In addition, if you don't want your child reading about premarriage teenager hormones, POSTmarital sex, and babies then have them read....oh yeah, theres nothing involving YA fiction today that doesn't have some aspect of that! At least give Stephenie Meyer credit for marrying Bella and Edward first! ***TO THE REVIEW WHO SAID BELLA SHOULD HAVE \\"FREAKED\\" OVER A BABY KICKING----IF SHE CAN MARRY A VAMPIRE AND KNOW SHE IS GIVING UP HER LIFE AS SHE KNOWS IT, THEN WHY CAN'T SHE ACCEPT A VAMPIRE BABY?***
031606792X|3.0|I have always been a huge Twilight fan, and still am.  However Breaking Dawn was for me one of the biggest let downs.  I've never been a fan of New Moon, but the story there was, at least, realistic.  This one was not!  After the initial 'high' of finally getting my hands on the book, seeing there were three books in one, and staying up all night to read, wore off, I started really analyzing how the plot was laid out.  I came to the conclusion that the book reads like a fanfic, NOT something that came from the same author of Eclipse.  The characters where flat and empty with no real emotion.  They didn't even seem like themselves.  Bella was Bella until after the wedding.  Then her personality was gone, as were everyone else's.  I couldn't understand all the changes in her writing.  To be perfectly honest, I've never considered Stephenie Meyer, and amazing author with an exceptional plot.  She just creates fun, relatable characters that are fun to read about.  I, as much as anyone, love sitting down with one of the books and getting lost in the world that she's created.  I couldn't do that with this book.  I couldn't see myself at the wedding, or on the island, or with Bella and her baby.  Stephenie Meyer has in my opinion always relied on descriptive details to help her books along.  Once Bella was pregnant there were no details, and that made it hard to read.  Of course I loved reading about Bella and Edward on the island, I screamed when I found out she was pregnant, and I loved reading about cute Renesmee, but I couldn't relate to any of it.  Especially her daughter.  Why should Renesmee grow unnaturally fast?  I suppose that Bella drank the blood willingly because her fetus was half vampire, but why was there not explation for that?  I understand more or less how she got pregnant, but it wasn't explained very well like so many other things.  Stephenie Meyer made a lot of assumptions that we could figure out strange, unheard of, things, with no help or clues.Another problem with the writing: The first-middle part of the book dragged on, while the middle-end, went on at the speed of light.  I got so bored reading Jacob's book.  NO emotion!  I think it would have been better written from Edward's point of view.  Then when it was back to Bella, everything started happening at once!  She had the baby and two seconds later, Edward jabs her with a needle of venom.  Very unromantic.  I understand the necessity of the timing, but it was (like so many other things), not well explained at all.  We just see him bite her - not pain on his face, no thirst, no wondering if she's alive, just bite, bite, bite.   Again, Stephenie Meyer would have put emotion with him.  And Renesmee... I loved reading about Bella's adorable half human, half vampire daughter, but again it was un-relatable.  Who has a perfect child who can show you perfectly what she wants, all the time, no crying, sleeping when you need her too, and you never get tired?!  Honestly!!  I will read it again, but I can't have an open mind again.  I will always wish it had been different - maybe that Bella stays human until the last page, and the Volturi fight because she's still human and they actually fight!!  She changes at the end, and we get to see Edward restrain her as a newborn.  What - we're supposed to believe she never drinks human blood as a newborn, has the perfect child and husband, and gets to see her human family immediately?  And what's with the rest of the Cullens?  We never see Esme; and Alice - Bella's best friend -  is gone throughout the whole book sulking about being 'blind'.  'Em' and 'Jazz'?  What's up with that?  And Carlisle didn't seem himself either.  Rosalie was the one with the most personality and importance -  that's just sad.  Also, it was a little too convieniant, that her love problems with Jacob could be fixed by her half vampire daughter.  And of course, there's the whole faux-fight scene.  It's just too happily ever after.  We're all geared up for some huge battle and then Bella and Renesmee save the day before it starts.  All in all, it seems Stephenie Meyer was writing to please the public.  Ironic, when the public seems to like it when she's writing for herself.
B00004U45G|5.0|A friend of mine asked me to sell some used CD's for her on Ebay, and this was one of them. I decided (for some reason) to give it a listen as I was headed out the door one Sunday afternoon. My attitude was \\"Let me hear how much this sucks\\". After all, Jimmy Page, Black Crowes...yeah OK this is gonna suck like a vacuum cleaner.     I came home, called my friend and asked if I could keep this one for myself. Yes, it's that good. Simply put the energy of this performance via the Black Crowes is amazing, and then you add Page to the mix and you have one hot band. I would have bet that no way could this band measure up to Led Zeppelin, but they come mighty close for my money.     Another point is the sound...it literally jumps out of the speakers. Not sure how they recorded it but damn it hits you square in the chest, just like a well recorded concert should. Yes it's a trip down memory lane for Page but for me it's well worth a listen and a must have if you're a Crowes for Zep fan. Just go and buy it already!    H777
B00005KFUM|5.0|It's less polished, but there are hints of brilliance throughout. It doesn't have that slightly generic feel that entered the later albums.    Definitely one of my favorite albums of all time.
B000002B35|4.0|So why should you buy this? Pretty much because it's the best live album out there from the band (Mach 2 of course). I am not sure why the sound is just so much better than 1988's Delicate Sound of Thunder but it just does! Delicate Sound sounds so \\"flat\\", where as this just surrounds you from all sides and you get a feeling that you're front row center (minus the lasers and flying pigs of course).     A trip through the hits plus a full Dark Side of the Moon? Just get it Bruno, you won't regret it.    H777
B0017KP93U|1.0|Don't buy this, buy the individual albums instead, or better yet, actually support the band by going and seeing them in concert.   They didn't put this together and it doesn't sound like anyone with even the slightest bit of an ear for flow did either as it sounds choppy to listen to the songs in this order.   No money from this compilation goes to the band, it just goes into the wallets of EMI executives.  Support the band, f*ck EMI!
031606792X|1.0|Soooo disappointing.  No passion in characters or in story line. A real waste of time.
031606792X|4.0|I've read Breaking Dawn twice now- the first mad dash read of the entire book in less then 24hrs left me unhappy.  I was hoping for more- but didn't really know what.  Now that I finished the second read through, I picked up more details and aspect of the story that I missed on the first round- and I liked much more.  I think the fear and aprehension of how it was all going to end was known and I could just read the book and relax.  There are still some pros and cons and things I really didn't care for- but that's the case with everything.<br /><br />If you aren't sure you liked Breaking Dawn after you read it- come back to it, it will be better.
1931559317|5.0|The authors of this guide did almost everything right.<br /><br />It's just the right size; at 9 X 6, it's large enough to be legible and small enough to be easy to handle.  It's spiral bound, so it lies flat for easy viewing.  The paper is heavy with a semi-glossy finish, so it should resist dew fairly well and won't produce reflections from a flashlight.<br /><br />Most importantly, the charts are extremely well designed and clear.  They are arranged in an order that makes a lot of sense, and it's easy to locate the charts of sections of the sky that are adjacent to the one you're looking at.  There is a lot of detail, but not so much that the charts are just masses of dots.  The color coding and labeling is very clear and completely consistent throughout the book.  Finally, the three index sections-- one general index, one index to Caldwell Catalog objects, and one index to Messier Catalog objects-- are extremely easy to use.<br /><br />The one thing I worry about a little is heavy dew situations.  The paper seems very durable, but it's not coated.  I bought a piece of clear Lucite the size of the opened book to shield it from the heavier moisture.<br /><br />If I had to choose just one sky guide for regular use, this would be the one.  I'm very happy I bought it, and I'd do it again.
0739367676|5.0|I was a little late to Twilight Saga, the first book given to me at Christmas and I didn't bother to read until June.  I became obsessed and read them all in 4 days and then turned around and reread them the next week.  I have waited patiently for the conclusion and it didn't disappoint me.      (SPOILER)    I was happy for all of them and wasn't freaked out by the imprinting or the early marriage or young mother thing. Especially that she wrapped it up nicely for Bella and Edward and even Charlie.   I took it for what it was, a story, a work of fiction.  Not a blueprint for all teenagers to live by.  I have read how so many people are worried about the message.  I think if you TEACH your children and infuse in them the correct morals and values they will make the right decisions and no book can change that.  I would rather see Bella married and have a baby than at college, drinking beer and sleeping around with any Tom, Dick or Harry.  Failing out, moving home and working at McDonalds.  Much, much to realistic for me as I have seen that scenario happen to many of my friends! Give me the fairy tale anytime.  I love happily ever after endings!      I have a sneaking suspicion that isn't the last we have heard from the Olympic Coven and quite frankly I hope we hear from them very, very soon!!
0061537934|5.0|I was so moved by this book! I just couldn't put it down. Ironically, I have a black lab with a similar name--Izmo instead of Enzo. I've often wondered what my dog might be thinking. This book captured the essence of what I think a dog might be thinking so well! Garth Stein has done a tremendous job of creating a very vivid image and dialogue in the form of an animal. The emotion that transpires as a result is really amazing and will catch you by surprise. LOVED this book!!    Kathy in Kirkland, WA
0061537934|5.0|I usually pass up animal stories -- either they're too over sweet and  sentimental or heartbreakingly sad -- or just plain not very interesting.  However, I took time to read an excerpt of The Art of Racing in the Rain and got caught up in the author's knack for bringing the reader into the story.  Once Enzo was introduced I had to stay with him.  He is loyal to the core and beyond being a lovable dog character, he is one wise philosopher who reads humans better than most humans do.  (The driver who races has some a pretty good outlook on dealing with life's problems, too.)  I couldn't stop laughing when Enzo\\"got even\\" with one two-faced scheming couple, and the author made the sad parts seem so natural that it was more peaceful than upsetting.  If I owned a dog I would study his reactions more closely after reading what went on in Enzo's mind.  Gotta check out some more of this author's work.
0321344758|5.0|This book is excellent -- simple, straightforward and very accessible itself.    As someone with a big interest in print layout and type, both in practice and as an author/publisher [[ASIN:1875750223 Type & Layout: Are You Communicating or Just Making Pretty Shapes]] working ion the internet, I wanted to improve my practice to match my print practice.    This book has done more for my knowledge of website fundamentals than any other book I have read -- and I have looked at quite a few of them.    Something special about this book: Krug talks about the principles underlying the practical. His discussion of decision-making research and practice, what actually happens when someone approaches a website, is very useful and applicable in all sorts of ways in life.    I am currently redesigning my publishing website; after reading Krug's book, I am now redesigning the redesign.    Cheers, Geoff    Geoffrey Heard, Business Writer & Publisher    \\"Type & Layout: Are you communicating or just making pretty shapes\\", the secrets of how type can help you to sell or influence, and \\"How to Start and Produce a magazine or Newsletter\\", now at the new low price of $29.95. See these books and more at [...] or Amazon
0739367676|1.0|I'm sad to say that I'm disappointed in the final installment of the Twilight Saga. Breaking Dawn was not what I expected. Bella getting pregnant? Bella just doesn't seem the motherly type to me.     All the characters seem to change personalities in this book. The original characters we fell in love with in the first 3 books are not the same in the 4th.     Also, Jacob imprints on Bella's baby. What's that all about? He just instantly gets over Bella. There was no fight between Edward and Jacob.    The most dissapointing was the ending. Nobody imporant dies and there is no fight againt the Volturi. It just ends happy. I'm sorry, but that's not the way life is. Everything thing in this book turns out perfect and happy. There should have been something bad happen.    For the final book in the Twilight Saga it disappointed me.
0743290119|5.0|I am not much of a reader but i bought this book because i was driving with my husband from texas to california and i needed some entertainment. I finished this book in 2 days and i could not bring myself to tear myself away. This book also includes some amazing sex scenes. Lauren Weinberger is an amazing author! I can't wait for her next book.
031606792X|2.0|Honestly? There were so many possible conclusions to this series, and Stephenie Meyer chose *this*! I was pretty neutral before \\"Breaking Dawn\\" was released. I didn't much care whether this book would be different or darker than the others or who Bella ended up with. All I wanted - and expected - was a satisfying conclusion to all that happened in the first three books.    Sadly, Mrs. Meyer wrote a book that is not only ridiculous, but at times really sick and twisted. There is no other way of saying it. In addition to that the style of writing is not nearly as compelling as in the first three books (or as in \\"The Host\\" for that matter).    I wanted to love this book, I really did. But --- I couldn't. There were times when I wanted to fling it out the window. That whole monster baby storyline read like a poor attempt at recreating a badly done B-movie ... what was she thinking while she wrote that???? That whole plotline does not fit in with the theme of this saga ... without this whole baby-issue the book would have been much better.    If I could \\"unread\\" this book then I would ... even if you loved the first three books you might want to think about skipping BD because chances are that it'll ruin the *whole* story for you!!!
0061537934|5.0|I first saw this book at Starbucks and picked it up to find out what it was all about.  A book about car racing, told from the perspective of a dog?  Now, I like car racing a lot and I like dogs a lot, but that just sounded far too hokey to me; after all, I read serious stuff, right?    Then, my mother told me she read the book and that she thought I might enjoy it.  That was the final straw.  I had to read the book just to prove to myself that it couldn't possibly be good.  (An admittedly odd reason to read a book, but given the result, one I may pursue again).    I loved it.    Garth Stein obviously knows dogs and racing.  The whole book is filled with details about both that show his understanding of his subjects on a fairly deep level.  Further, he knows something about life, and that's where this book really shines.  Stein has - in a completely non-hokey way - used car racing metaphors to illustrate truisms about life.  As a fan of racing, I particularly enjoyed the analogies, but I think the metaphors are just as accessible to non-fans.  Stein keeps the ideas simple and explains them well, there isn't any jargon that would cause non-fans to lose anything in translation.    Stein also uses the unique access of a \\"stupid dog\\" to situations his human characters don't get to witness as a great story-telling hook.  Our canine narrator, Enzo, gets to go places his master, Denny, doesn't, hearing and seeing things for the reader that move the story along quite nicely.  Again, it's an aspect of the book that could have gone over the top, but is instead used effectively by Stein and turned into a really good book.    Take it from a skeptic turned believer.  This is a book with some really good insights into life that is also a very enjoyable read.  Highly recommended.
031606792X|5.0|I loved this book.  It had everything that I wanted out of the last in the series and more.  Who doesn't love a happy ending?  The fact that this book works out well for all the characters isn't a criticism, it's an amazing compliment.  I wanted all the the characters to get their \\"happily ever after.\\"  Who wouldn't?  All of the characters grow into who the were meant to be.  I'm amazed by all of the types of love that evolve and grow in this book.  SM is true to her characters, as always, and the only thing I wanted from the book was more of it.  LOVE IT!!!
031606792X|1.0|Up to this point Mrs. Meyer has written stories that completely immerse you in the feelings and emotions of the two main characters Edward and Bella.  With this book it is as if Edward becomes a minor character and his feelings and conversations are tremendously reduced.  The story has been this wonderful romance between two unlikely people and how against all odds a human girl could become a beloved part of a vampire family.  The strong and loving family bonds written into the other books were neglected and largely undeveloped in this book. A large portion of the book is told from Jacob Black's point of view which in my opinion was at a completely inappropriate time in the story.  I don't want to put any spoilers in this review for those who haven't finished it yet. I was just terribly disappointed.  I also felt that there were many parts that were VERY adult  and over the top for this to be a young reader book. One example is that for quite a bit of the first part of the book Bella has to drink human blood. The blood is from a blood bank, but Bella is still human.  In my opinion that is just too gross and way over the top.  There are other parts but I don't want to spoil. If you have young people who want to read this book I strongly suggest you read it first and be sure that you are ok with your kids reading this material.
031606792X|5.0|I have made it through the anticipation of Breaking Dawn without actually reading any of the reviews for it myself (I got my copy yesterday). I have, however, heard about what was being said in certain reviews. I can only give my own opinion of this book. Before I do so, I must say that I am certainly able to criticize or simply just dislike a person's work, even when I have loved all their other work.<br /><br />However, those kind of thoughts are not necessary this time. I loved Breaking Dawn from the first page until it's last. I think some people might have expected the course of the final book to be different and I know a lot of people were surprised to see the path that Stephenie Meyer took. Nothing in this book really shocked me though. The speed of it was quick, but whether it is simply how I tend to experience things or what have you, I did not think that it's speed diminished the story. We were told Bella's choice in Eclipse, and everything mentioned in the book has been explained to us or introduced to us in someway as well. As for Bella and what happens to her (I don't really want to spoil everything for anyone who hasn't read this book), it was my belief (and I assumed others and Meyer's) that we knew the extraordinary being of Bella. This was not just a book about a girl, her vampire boyfriend, her werewolf best friend and the love triangle that ensued. This series, and this book especially, is about family, connection, love and the meaning of one seemingly ordinary yet unique woman being who she truly was meant to be. With that said, I took the story for what it was and not what it was expected to be.<br /><br />I want to add that this book is mature, not just with situations, but with emotions as well.
031606792X|3.0|***SPOILERS AHEAD***    I felt a LOT was missing or explained weakily or accepted easily.    How about one or two extra chapters at the end of book 1 to explain the pregnancy (or try to)?, to show Edward's anger when he realizes what Bella was planning to do with the baby?, to make the Cullen family not such a happy and united one when Edward tries to take the baby out of Bella with Carlisle's help but is confronted by Rosalie and Emmett? Why does he accept so easily that Rosalie is helping Bella and doesn't fight back? His wife, the love of his life, the one who he would do anything for, is dying in front of him...and yet, he sits next to her and watches her fade slowly (and painfully) away. Nice.   One more thing: how about Bella freaking out because she got pregnant and doesn't understand how?  (because, hello, vampires can't have children. They're dead, remember?). It's Edward who freaks out! when he's the one who was wishing Charlie's assumptions were correct just because he wished he could have what he knew he couldn't!!. Yes, he did what Ross on Friends did when Rachel told him he was having a baby: froze. Bella, on the other hand, didn't even cry. Let's not forget she freaked out when she realized Edward was taking her to the prom on Twilight, or with her birthday party...or with so many other unimportant things. Now, she's only 18, just married and a teenager mother.     Next, how about Jacob finding a nice girl to fall in love with or imprint on? or maybe not to fall in love with but to like enough to forget about Bella and move on. I even thought that was Leah's purpose to the novel. Oh how i was mistaken!. And was chapter 18 necessary? I suddenly felt i was reading some Hitchcock's book. I was far more than shocked. I could imagine Bella lying on a metal table, blood everywhere, hearing the bones breaking (i almost puked when her spine broke)...and then it got worse: Jacob helping to deliver the baby!, giving Bella CPR and having to blow in her mouth filled with blood...and OMG EDWARD EATING THROUGH BELLA'S BELLY to have the baby out. Repulsed anyone? *raises hand*. Imagine how shocked and disgusted i was that i didn't understand what happened when Jacob saw Renesmee for the first time. I didn't pay attention to that part. I was scared of continuing reading. How more painful could it get? right?    OOOH i was mistaken again!. When Bella realized Jacob had imprinted on Renesmee, that's when i did too. And i jumped up, holding my book, and started yelling \\"WHAAAT? NO!! NO NO NO NOOO!!!\\". Sick. Wrong. At so many levels. Not only because she's just a baby, but because she's the daughter of the woman he loves with all his heart and of the man he hates so much. Ugh.    And then, Bella became a vampire and Edward escaped from the guilt. He HAD to do it, otherwise she'd be dead.  And everything was beautiful after that!: she was able to control herself from minute one, she still felt the desire for Edward, she could control the thirst and managed not to kill Jacob and Renesmee. And her father (which parent would've accepted becoming a grandfather so easily when the mother is just a teen?! Don't even get me started on accepting the supernatural stuff...). Bella even got a cottage in the woods!. The complete fairy tale. Jacob and Edward also got along (let me say here that Edward was absolutely out of character!! calling Jacob \\"son\\"???. That was pushing the limits Steph). Sam forgave Jacob from night to day and all the werevolves started protecting the vampires, Jacob accepted his imprinting on Renesmee with open arms and didn't try to fight it. Leah was forgotten in the story.    The epic battle with the Volturi never happened, no one important died. What was the purpose of so many vampires with so many different talents? Why did they all believe Alice had abandoned them? that's crazy! Don't they know her at all?? Of course she was on a secret mission!!. DUH.   The only time i didnt know what was going to happen was when Bella started saying goodbye to Renesmee...and i wished the ending was that Renesmee had to run with Jacob and the rest of them had to stay and fight and die in the process. The end.    NO.    Nothing happened. Renesmee wasn't so unique after all and they got their happy ending.    Congrats.        All in all, i enjoyed it mainly because i wanted to know how it would end and couldn't stop reading, not because the plot was so great.
0307237702|4.0|Barack Obama has changed politics. Regardless of your social, economic, or political beliefs, he has altered the way many think of a presidential candidate. In \\"The Audacity of Hope\\" Barack catalogs his rise to become the presumptive nominee of the Democrat Party. He explains each step by organizing categories such as, our constitution, faith, opportunity, politics, and family. He presents and explains his beliefs on many important issues that face modern voters. He recalls his failures, elucidates the present, and sets his future goals. \\"The Audacity of Hope\\" is all that it claims to be (do not expect a numbered game plan to solve war and global poverty). The nostalgia and love of his family members alongside politics is interesting to read of and I recommend this book to both Democrats and Republicans. It will help you become more knowledgeable of Barack's plans or prepare you to defend your own. Plus, his writing is as moving as his speeches can be!<br />Thanks for reading,<br />C.K.
031606792X|5.0|This is the greatest book in the twilight saga. Even though it turned out completly different from the way i thought it would ( thought that maybe bella would leave edward in the end and go with jacob)it suprisingly was better than i imangined it.   The book starts out with Bella and Edward going and telling Charlie that they were getting married. It then goes on to tell of there wedding and then there honeymoon on Esme Ilse. And while on there honeymoon something extremly unexpected happened. Bella got pregnant!!! Then the story goes in to Jacobs point of view until bella gives birth. There was a strong chance that she could die so Edward decide that if something should happen he would turn Bella to save her life.   After the birth the book picks up back in Bellas point of view and recounts her transformation and life as a young vampire.   Now I don't want to spoil the ending but for all of you Jacob fans there is a happy ending for him too.   Now i suggest that you read this book because i promise you it is everything and more that everyone has waited for in the final book to this series.So have fun!!!!!!!!
031606792X|1.0|Meyers let her imagination run away with itself and nobody was there to reel it in.  The tone was off, the characters were very poorly developed and seemed out of character at times. Her editors are clearly not very good at their job.  Instead of the story being about Edward and Bella we are forced to follow one strange plot twist after another.  This book was such a huge let down and I feel like the series was ruined for me.  The twilight magic is so far gone in this book, only to be replaced by a science fiction feel.  The story read like \\"the host\\" and I think it was a huge mistake to be writing these books at the same time.  This book was obviously rushed and had too much crammed in to one book.  Stephanie Meyer could have done so much better, but she gave her fans this rough draft of fan fiction.  I have been wondering if she just thought she could write anything she wanted and the fans would love it no matter what.. I can't imagine why she thought it was a good idea to take this book in the direction it went.    I won't get into the \\"messages\\" this book gives that others are complaining about.  While I now wonder what is going on inside Meyer's head these days, I do feel that a fantasy book is just that.. A fantasy, not real life lessons to be learned.  There is so much worse teens take in everyday through movies, tv, radio, magazines, and school.  It is the parents responsibility to teach their kids and not expect everything else to do it for them.  I hear people complaining that ten year old read this book.  Why are they reading this series when it is intended for young adults??!!  She obviously isn't going to make the story appropriate for children when it was never intended for that audience.  I personally feel the series isn't appropriate for those who are younger than high school age.
031606792X|4.0|I am happy and relieved that Bella and Edward were married, had fabulous vampire love and will live happily ever after!! I am thrilled that this saga had an ultimately happy ending for all involved. I would have been very upset if it was written any other way!!! For some reason, these books truly pulled at my heart strings. I had to keep reminding myself that these people were'nt real. In this day in age, when there are so many awful things happening on a daily basis, the thought of my favorite characters, ever, were going to spend the rest of eternity as a happy family, including Jacob, made the ending of this series alot easier to   take. Thank-you Stephenie Meyer. If this ended any other way, I'm not sure what would have become of my reading of books!!
031606792X|1.0|This book was truly awful.  I have been a fan of this author and own all the previous books in this series as well as the Host, but I cannot honestly recommend this book to anyone.  I am seriously considering returning it to the store for a refund.  I think this book will have a negative impact on this author for some time to come and may impact the movie franchise as well.      All in all, the worst ending to a series I have ever read.  She couldn't have made it worse if the ending lines were that Bella woke up and realized it was all a dream....
0452289963|5.0|I found this book to be a great overview of the amazing moment we find ourselves in. Mr. Tolle provides an excellent view of the opportunity unfolding for humanity. For those ready to enter more deeply into the moment of now, I also highly recommend<br /><br />[[ASIN:1890580031 Journey Into Now:Clear Guidance on the Path of Spiritual Awakening]]<br /><br />and/or see an introduction to the teaching (same as that of Eckhart Tolle)at [...]
0679720200|5.0|Meursault's story begins with his mother's death; \\"Maman died today.Or yesterday maybe, I don't know.\\" In first person perspective, he introduces his neighbor and best friend.He explains his world to you, all the while showing minimal emotion toward the tragedies that encroach upon his life. You begin to feel a bond to Meursault as much as you feel his distance. Each event pulls you closer to him, but pushes away correspondingly. As you read the book, you will know Meursault but become only a visitor to his soul as he gets drawn into a murder. Albert Camus has written a novel that crosses the nonsensical with catastrophe.I am unhesitant to propose that this story be read by all who have seen this review. It's a quick read you will enjoy thinking of for days to come.<br />  Thank you for reading,<br />  C.K.
031606792X|3.0|I think the author listened too much to her fan base and hence tried to please them in this final story in this series. As a result -- this final book lacked depth.<br /><br />I was disappointed--it did not grab me from the beginning.  I felt it was very predictable and lacked  substance that was in the first three books in the series.<br /><br />I could go into detail but will refrain as I don't want to spoil those readers who have not read this book.<br /><br />In closing, I felt that the main characters were a mere shadow of themselves in this final book.  I am glad this is the author's last book in this series...it was a bit of a 'saga' to read this fourth book.<br /><br />Also, I am noticing that younger readers like this final book but older, more mature readers have come away disappointed and recognize the author's need to appease her readers/fans requests for a; peachy-keen, happy, perfect, wrap up in what was an excellent story.
031606792X|4.0|I just recently read the Twilight Saga. (I'm 25, and like a lot of other fans, I felt I was no longer interested in the YA genre.) But curiosity got the best of me, and I decided to see what all the fuss was about.  I, too, fell in love with SM's story and characters, and truly cared what happened to them in the final book.  That said, I was surprised at how much I enjoyed Breaking Dawn, and even more surprised at all the negative responses to it.        ::CAUTION -- SPOILERS BELOW::      Anyone and everyone should have known that Bella was eventually going to be a vampire. It was a suprise that she adapted so well, but completely believable. I was actually glad that it turned out that way, because I would have gotten bored if she was constantly thinking about killing people and couldn't focus on anything else.  As for the Jacob/Renesmee scandal, since the moment SM introduced \\"imprinting,\\" it was obvious that Jacob was going to imprint on someone...eventually.  It was the only way to clean up the Edward/Bella/Jacob love triangle, and it needed to be resolved. The fact that he imprinted on Bella's daughter was definitely a twist, but not all that shocking once you got used to it.  It kind of made sense that he would imprint on her daughter, because he loved Bella so much...or thought he did.  I honestly didn't find it all that weird or gross -- I mean, this IS a fantasy novel!  As for Renesmee herself, I didn't see that coming, but should have after the conversation Rosalie has with Bella in book three. A lot of people have complained that Bella never even wanted to have a child, but having a family was one of the perks she saw of being with Jacob -- they could have children, whereas she couldn't once she became a vamp. I will admit that Bella's pregancy - the broken bones, drinking blood, the belief that the child would have to chew itself out of the womb - was disturbing, but the fact that she was carrying a vampire's child let's you know that it wasn't going to be easy or normal. It made sense that it would be dangerous.       The complaint that the ending sends a bad message to teens: do anything for your guy, marry early, get pregnant early, everything will be perfect -- is completely ridiculous. This honestly didn't cross my mind as I was reading because, one, I'm not a teenager, and two, it's a fantasy - bad things happen enough in every day life; it's nice to have a story every once in a while that ends perfectly, or almost so.  And please, lets give the teenagers a little more credit. I would hope that no sane 16 or 17 year old girl would read this story and think, \\"hey, I wonder if this could happen to me\\" and immediately start taking life lessons from fictional vampires and werewolves.  Sure, even I will admit that it's really easy to fall in love with Edward Cullen, but no more so than Mr. Darcy or Edward Rochester, and they're humans!  Stephenie Meyer said in the interview on this page that she began writing Twilight for herself, and was very surprised at how popular the books had become. She didn't start out writing for a YA audience, so I don't think people should be concerned that the books may or may not send the right message to teenagers.    The only thing I was in any way disappointed about (and I would say more perplexed than disappointed) was Bella's cloudy memories of herself as a human. It was known it would be that way - the audience was set up for that - but I still found it a little sad that everything she had been through with Edward, all the emotions shared with the reader, were reduced to hazy memories. Even though I loved Bella as a vampire, I found myself mourning the old Bella that I had grown to know in the last 3 1/2 books (though I was pretty much fed up with her by the end of Eclipse), and I kind of wished that SM had changed her earlier on in the series. An earlier reviewer made an interesting point -- they said BD was almost like a stand-alone novel. I wouldn't exactly agree with that, but I can definitely understand what was meant: like a whole new story had started. But I'm guessing it was supposed to be like that.  But that's just my two cents. Overall, I thought the book was riveting, and a pretty satisfying conclusion to the saga. It definitely competes with Twilight as my favorite in the series.
031606792X|5.0|(This is not my account I'm using my parent's right now because I lost my old one)    To start off, Breaking Dawn was AMAZING. I could not put it down; it had so many surprises and twists that I was just on edge the whole time. I LOVE THIS BOOK.    Don't let what others say make you shy away from this book or series; some people, it seems, get a little too into a story and forget that this is only a fiction piece. I understand that many readers come to identify with one character throughout the story and don't get the ending they wanted. They claim it's too \\"easy\\" and ending or that it's not realistic. Well, let me be realistic for them: the Twilight series is an AMAZING work of fiction, folks. Like Harry Potter, it's just not real. It has a realistic setting and characters, but face it, vampires and werewolves aren't exactly a realistic norm in society, right? So give the books a break.    (SPOILERS AHEAD)    One review claimed that the story didn't teach good morals. Only... why would you even try to get morals from a fiction book?? I know I keep repeating that about fiction but... why?? Bella and Edward have a baby. They end up together in the end. Jacob finds someone for him, even if it is their baby. It's not like he's a pedophile, he wants to protect her and be there for her. Be anything Renesmee needs him to be. That's just how it is. The ending is satisfying- everyone stays as family. And If you are somehow looking for morals in these books, what more could you ask for? Family protects family; family stays with family no matter what. People not satisfied with that ending would have wanted more death? If Jacob or Edward or Bella or any of the Cullens had died, would more fans have been happy? That just doesn't seem likely.    (END SPOILERS)    Breaking Dawn is a great book. It's simply amazing. It's written wonderfully and creatively through two different perspectives, which made it more interesting to me. It won't let you down, as long as you don't become too intent on your own \\"perfect ending\\" for the story. Don't let the other reviews get you down; they just didn't get what they wanted. READ THIS BOOK!
031606792X|1.0|After the genius that became of the first 3 books, I was expecting something AMAZING.  Sadly, I got nothing of the sort.  Anyone could have written this.  Its good that it broke records before anyone got the chance to read it.  It wont be seeling any copies once the word get out....
B000WS4P1K|5.0|I enjoyed the first two studio albums enough (Room for Squares & Heavier Things) and I liked this album on its initial release. I thought he was a good song writer but I wasn't completely sold on his guitar playing talent until I saw him live. It wasn't until then that I ran out and bought every live album he's made. He is truly amazing live. Despite the fact that I think the record company is trying to shake me down for more of my hard earned money for an album I already own, this album is worth it for the six live tracks alone. I bought it for the live, 10 minutes and 21 seconds, incendiary version of \\"Gravity\\" and the rockin' live version of \\"I Don't Need No Doctor\\". This is a must have if you're a John Mayer fan. And if you don't have \\"Where The Light Is\\" you need that too...... but that's a whole other review.
031606792X|4.0|Interestingly enough, I was introduced to the Twilight saga just under two weeks ago.  I run a summer theater camp and was convinced by some of my high school aged counselors to read Twilgiht.  Almost immediately, Stephenie Meyer's writing style drew me in and I wrapped me up, almost entirely, in the sweeping love story of Bella and Edward.  His anguish was almost as palpable as her love for him and so I was hooked.  I had read Twilight and New Moon by the time 3 days had passed.  I quickly finshed Eclipse and was one of the many who waited online on August 1st to get a copy of Breaking Dawn.  This was the first book series I had ever done so with - and I am indeed, quite the Harry Potter fan.  There was just something so intriguing about finding out how Stephenie would choose to end her saga.      As I finished the first section of the book - I worried for Bella, I wanted to comfort Edward and I was nervous with the thought of what was to come.  As I read the second section, I ached with care for Jacob.  I had always been \\"team Edward\\" but Jacob endeared himself to me fully in this final installment.  At the end of chapter 18 I was trembling, with the pain I felt for Jacob, with the hope I felt for Bella and with the saddness I felt for Edward.  My pain, hope and saddness turned to shock as the final sentences of chapter 18 rung through my brain.  Could this book end happily?    Through the third section of the book I prepared myself for what I thought was inevitable - loss and saddness.  As they stood in the clearing I clutched the book, bracing myself for the tears I knew I would shed.  This, as most of you know was for naught.  There was no saddness to be felt, just relief, just happieness.  Odd I thought to myself.      In the end, Bella is the luckiest girl in the world - she gets everything she wanted out of life.  Do we live in a world in which this is so hard to swallow - to accept?  Have we become so cynical that we do not have the ability to believe in the magic of a fictional story?  Its a sad state when people would prefer that there was carnage in the end of what was, at its core, a love story.    I was happy to have not lost anyone that I had grown to care for over 4 books.  As I read through breaking dawn, my heart ached at the thought of losing anyone.  Who should have died?  Alice?  Esme?  Jasper?  Carlisle?  Seth?  Sam?  Who would you have killed to fullfill the cynicism?      Is it realistic that Bella got every happieness she could dream of without having to suffer in any way?  No.  But is her love story realistic?  No, we can surely agree that its not.    Stephenie Meyer delivered her vision of the end of this story.  I applaud her for being gutsy enough to deliver the ending that noone expected.  I hope that she knows some people do appreciate the happy ending to the Twilight saga.
031606792X|3.0|I have had a real hard time settling in to write a review for Breaking Dawn.  I enjoyed the other three books immensely, they were light reading and did allow for an escape.  The authors tone remained the same, and it followed a logical path.  Then comes Breaking Dawn, which seemed like it didn't belong at all.    I read the whole book, and the whole time I was just waiting.  I hoped that something was going to happen, but nothing ever did.  Anticlimactic is an understatement, the story if you can call it that is just like one long thought, it was more like she was asking \\"what if\\" to all the readers.  There are a few good things to come out of the book, like a deeper understanding of Leah, as well as the dynamics of the pack.  There are a couple new characters that will make you smile, but for the most part it is unrealistic and unfulfilling.  Honestly I would recommend you save your money and borrow it from the library or a friend.  I think unless you are a dedicated fan willing to look past the fact that there is no plot, or conflict and resolution you may want to skip the whole thing.  You really aren't missing much.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|I didn't think it could get any better than Parachutes and A Rush Of Blood To The Head, but Viva La Vida Or Death And All His Friends is truly inspired.    When I start listening to Life In Technicolor, it's like a rolling wave of rich, textured sound washing over me. When I listen to Viva La Vida, it makes me want to get up and sing. When I listen to The Escapist, it's like my heart is on fire.    I like to think of the album as a story, as a journey. It's soulful, joyous and riveting, deep, brooding and eerie. As a whole, it thrills me to the soul and chills me to the bone. It's probably the only album I can listen to and be completely captivated all the way through.    Buy it, it'll change you.
B000E8NQU4|5.0|I had the vinyl, the CD, and now this version.  By far the best verion out on this recording.  Listening to the second disc is like listening to the original in a whole different way.  I have fallen to sleep listening to these discs for many a night now.
031606792X|5.0|Congrats to Steph. Give it a break people, what's wrong with a complete happy ending once in a while? I think she did a fantastic job, considering she only had A YEAR. Being an Edward fan myself, I am very glad she changed to a vampire. Out of the possible endings I had cooked up in my brain, Stephenie's 4th book blew them all out of the water. For the people upset about Nessie. I think she obviously is setting up for another series spotlighting her and Jacob. And if all you Breaking Dawn haters are really Meyer's fans, then wouldn't another series related to Twilight be exactly what you want? I loved this book and the whole series. I will be re-reading them many times in the future. Thank you Stephenie
031606792X|4.0|I have been a fan of this series since Twilight was first released, I have been anxiously awaiting this fourth and final book for three years now, and I was satisfied with the ending.     The first shock for me was to see the table of contents page, only seven chapters were shown. I was a little disapointed that the book was divided up into three books, two from Bella's perspective and one from Jacob. Now, I can see why Stephenie did this, I wouldn't've wanted to read 250 extra pages of Bella's internal whining about the pain she was in due to her surprising pregnancy, but I must admit that being inside Jacob's head was absolutely boring for me. I am not a member of Jacob Black fan club at all, but I see why his point of view was important to the story, especially toward the end of it.    The book starts out wonderfully. Bella's happy, Edward is happy, everyone is happy! We see just how much Edward and Bella love each other, again. It seemed like it was going to be perfect. And then the honeymoon happened. Meyer is good at not revealing too much, and I was thankful for that. She made it seem like Bella and Edward were in paradise, all alone on their little island. The first time Bella went to throw up after eating \\"bad\\" chicken I knew she was pregnant. I couldn't quite wrap my mind around this shocking twist, it seemed so far fetched, so fan-fiction like, that I had to go back to the title page to make sure I had bought a copy of STEPHENIE MEYER's book, and not an imposter. I suddenly felt angry that Meyer had done something like this, had given Bella a child when I thought she had said that vampires can't reproduce (apparently she was mis-quoted.) I had to take a deep breath and move on, and then when you finally realize that Bella and Edward finally realize that she is pregnant you have to read through so many pages of Jacob Black, it was draining!     When we finally return to Bella she is being changed into a vampire. \\"FINALLY!\\" I thought. I had what I wanted, Bella to be immortal and be with Edward forever, how romantic! And then when she finally woke up she was different. So different. Before she was that plain-but-beautiful girl that the beautiful vampire took notice of; now she's that beautiful vampire with gorgeous everything and perfect coordination, she wasn't like all the regular girls out there anymore. She was a mother. A young mother. It all seemed to change. I felt myself hating her daughter, Renesmee, for being born and changing the character that I loved so much. And then as the story progressed, and I got to know the little half-breed more, I learned to love her, I learned that I wanted to know more and more about her, she was still part of Edward and Bella, the fictional characters I love so much.     The book ended on a happy note, a hopeful note. I found myself wiping away tears of joy as I read the last few lines. These characters within these books will always have such a special place in my heart. These books are so vivid, I sometimes feel as if I could reach out and touch the moss covered trees. Stephenie meyer is a truly talented story teller, her novels have brought so much joy to my life, and for that, I am forever gratefull.    While I still wish we could've skipped some of the things that happened in this book-however necessary they were-I think it was overall a wonderful conclusion to a wonderful saga. I did find myself wanting more Edward and Bella time, but I know that they still reside in their little cottage in the woods in that small rainy town of Forks, Washington, and that makes me so happy.
031606792X|1.0|This book disappointed me. I am a huge fan of the first three, and forever in my mind the Twilight Saga ended with Eclipse. There is no comprehendible plot, and the characters don't act the same. I wont repeat what everyone else has already said.  My advice, stop with Eclipse.
031606792X|4.0|This was an amazing book. I read it, then picked it up and read it again!     -spoliers below-    Although I do agree that in the real world, not everyone has such a happy ending, you have to remember that this is a work of FICTION. Just because someone LOVES this book, or the entire saga, doesn't mean that they think it's OK to start a family at such a young age.     Parents just need to instill the difference between fiction and real life in their children, then they won't have to worry about their child running off, skipping college and getting married right after high school.     Thank you Stephanie for leaving no stone unturned!
B000E8NQUE|5.0|My personal favorite of the Moody Blues.  I had the original vinyl, a half-speed mastered version, the original CD,   this version now and I will get the next improved version in whatever format it comes in.  Did I mention it is one of my top ten of all time recordings?
031606792X|5.0|Okay so i am going to make this short and sweet  i loved the book, i think it was perfect , the perfect ending.  i am a little mad at my self for reading the spoilers, cause let me tell you they spoiled it.  So if you havent read any DONT  but i can say i have read the series 8 times and i am now going on my 9th  i cant get enough of it and the more you read it the more you see in between the lines.
0440237688|5.0|First of all, WOW, WHAT A BOOK!  Of all the newbery books I've read so far this one has been the best, and pushed me to read faster than any book I've ever read.<br /><br />The Giver introduces the reader to some interesting subject matter such as communistic living, where everyone has a place and everyone works for the greater good.  While there is benefit to this style of life, you eliminate indiviuality, and the freedom of choice.  Uniqueness is thrown out the window in favor of predictability and stability.<br /><br />What makes the book interesting is how the different characters handle the mode of life, especially Jonas, who is suddenly given a taste of the truth, and finds the world he is living in unbearable.<br /><br />The book reminded me of the movie \\"The Time Machine\\" (the one with Rod Taylor), In the movie when George gets to the distant future the people there live similarly to the way they do in the book, communaly with no thought to emotion, knowledge, or creativity.  There is one scene in the movie that is eerily like a scene in the book where someone falls into the river and drowns.  I can't help but wonder if Lois Lowry watched the Time Machine before she wrote the book.<br /><br />The book is great and Lois Lowry is a brilliant writer, I can't wait to read more of her work.
0060930349|5.0|Maybe I am biased, but in my opinion, one of the good things about being an American is that our history is really interesting.  Sure, other countries have their moments, but it was the United States that went toe-to-toe against the mighty British Empire - and won.  Ours was the only example in world history of a violent revolution bringing about a change in government in which those who engaged in the fighting did not try to maintain their own power, but voluntarily stepped down when voted out.  And although slavery existed for thousands of years over large sections of the planet, it was Americans who voted in a President knowing full well it would probably tear us apart and force a civil war.  Man, this is high drama.    There is, of course, so much to American history that it can be daunting.  If one wants a single, albeit lengthy, book for an excellent overview, it would be hard to top A HISTORY OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, by the prolific Paul Johnson.  From pre-Revolutionary times to the near present day, Johnson presents this nation's history in a manner that gives enough of the facts to learn something meaningful without focusing so sharply on any one period or issue as a more focused book would do.  To make it all the better, Johnson is actually a good writer, making the book as interesting as it is informative.    Many of Johnson's critics accuse him of putting a conservative slant on his writing.  I have been around the block enough to know how this argument works.  Conservatives tell America's story warts and all, while liberals tell America's story as all warts.  Liberals then accuse conservatives of being slanted, not because conservatives exclude the bad parts, but because they include the good parts, as well.  And for all the anti-Americanism out there, telling all the bad and all the good of America does not balance the scale.  If one judges a nation not on the amount of problems it has or the amount of injustice within that country, but on the willingness of that country to face such injustice head on and deal with it, then the U.S. deserves its pre-eminent place among world societies.  For all the griping on the left, I am convinced that many on that side of the spectrum know this as well.    A HISTORY OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE demonstrates this.  Although I think Johnson does show his beliefs a bit too much in those sections on the mid to late 20th Century, the book overall is biased only in its attempt to portray American history accurately.  Although Johnson is obviously fond of Americans, anyone expecting an uncritical cheerleader for U.S policy and history will be sorely disappointed.  As the book is over 1,000 pages, selectively picking passages to demonstrate bias is a bit tough to take.    For anyone who wants to learn about American history, and for those Americans not ashamed of their own country, this book is highly recommended.  Do not let the size of it intimidate you.  I myself picked it up and put it down several times before finally making my way through it.  Like many lengthy endeavors, it will be well worth it when it's done.
031606792X|1.0|I adored the first book but this one was very disappointing.  It was painfully pedestrian.  The character of the child was absolutely ridiculous.  What was a beautiful, passionate tale of first love became a dreary story - it was a bad romance novel - yuck.
031606792X|5.0|Even though you had a LOT of (stupidly) disappointed reviews I want the entire world to know that this was SO much better than Eclipse I almost cried. And that (to those who disagree) its a BOOK. If you're looking for melancoly than go live life. I know that normally nothing works out for you all because you're pessimistic, and I'm sorry you have to live that way. (And I am sorry to all those Bella and Jacob fans, though I have to say... HA! Told you so!) However, to readers like me I thought the book explained and made everything perfect.  It was one of the best books I've ever read. Her life with Edward and Nessie is so cute, and Charlie knowing makes me feel a lot better about the whole scenario. And the reason Jacob is drawn to her makes so much sense, because he loved Bella so much because she was so like Nessie, (Which makes me think Leah will imprint on Sam's child) so that all the pieces fit into a puzzle.   Stephenie, I loved it. Keep writing more. I'm so excited for Edward's point of view. And you're one of the authors I want to be like someday. Hope to be up there soon!
B000I2MRHE|4.0|this is a nice product for a baby... but a little small. my baby scoops the mat into her mouth rather than playing with the toys because the mat doesnt reach too far out for her to really notice the toys. especially when shes trying to turn the thing around. the mat can become tangled and i have to constantly straighten it. but you can also use the ladybug by itself. ive done that too. :)
B000HIVQD0|5.0|The obvious dilemma facing any female who fronts an otherwise all-male group is that she can easily be classified as nothing more than eye candy either onstage or on the subsequent CD covers.  Such is not the case with Chrissie Hynde of the Pretenders anymore than it is the case with Debbie Harry of Blondie or Theresa Starr of the Echoes.  All three ladies plainly govern their groups with their musical partners often being interchangeable, save for Martin Chambers of the Pretenders, Chris Stein of Blondie, or Mark Alexander of the Echoes.  Just as behind every great man there stands a great woman, each of the aforementioned males lends both moral support and strong instrumental backing behind the stellar seductresses who front their acts.  On the Pretenders' debut disc, Hynde finds herself backed by expert musicianship and two ready-made hits with \\"Brass In Pocket\\" and the Kinks' classic \\"Stop Your Sobbing,\\" produced by none other than Nick Lowe.  Hynde would try to mine the Ray Davies' catalog yet again on the group's second release, but it would be this remake that garnered the most attention and that Hynde would sing at Wembley Stadium during her Live Aid set several years hence.
031606792X|1.0|I am a huge fan of the Twilight series as most people are who have read or are reading this book.  But this was not written by the same SM that wrote the other 3 books.    *****SPOILERS************  My issues:  Bella getting pregnant in order to give a reasonable and justified \\"out\\" for Edward to change her finally.  I guess SM didn't want to disappoint the fans who didn't want Bella changed, she has to change or she will die as a human and the story would then be over.  Their child imprinting on Jacob.  That is just WRONG and disgusting!  I just kept thinking of the stories I hear about men who date their ex-girlfriends daughters, just wrong!  I was under the impression of the possibility of Jacob getting his own book, as was kind of hinted by SM at one of her book signings.    Lastly, Bella was always a selfish, irritating at most times character, but as soon as she became pregnant at the very young age of 18, she all of a sudden sprouts the maturity and unselfishness of a 35 year old?  Come on!  Of course, this is a fantasy book, but please keep some natural human reactions of a newly pregnant 18 year old, like shock and hysteria!    I am so disappointed in this book!  I am so disappointed that Jacob did not find someone other than his first love's daughter to imprint on.  I was always an Edward fan, but mainly because I wanted Jacob to find someone who he deserved and loved him back as much as he loved her.    Like the other reviewers, to me, the series ended with Eclipse.    I also agree with everything said in Eventide's review!
0385340567|3.0|Previous reviews have said it all so I won't repeat it. I am a huge fan of Jack Reacher novels and I devoured this latest installment eagerly and was, like many others, disappointed. I will await Mr. Child's next effort impatiently and hope he returns to his previous successful formula.  I remain a loyal fan (for now)
031606792X|4.0|I don't usually review books here on Amazon, but I have to write one this time.  The top reviews on the site don't seem to give Meyer a fair shake.<br /><br />On the idea that Bella would choose Jacob: To me it seemed self-evident that she would never choose Jacob over Edward despite how Jacob might feel about it.  It's first and foremost a vampire novel, not a shapeshifter novel.<br /><br />On Bella's pregnancy: Consider what Meyer is trying to do.  First, she needs to end this story.  All stories end, and Bella & Edward's ends here.  She wanted to show us all about the change to being a vampire, so it had to happen early and for a dramatic reason.  Second, she wants to continue writing in the same universe she's spent so much time inventing.  Three, Jacob needs a mate, someone interesting enough to be his equal so that she can tell his character's story, as it's obviously a good subject for her next series. It helps if that person is already important to the characters we know and love. The solution: Bella & Edward's baby is Jacob's mate.  Maybe that is a bit odd, but she's telling the story & we are along for the ride.  The baby's rapid aging is a plot device so that the human characters will still be around when she tells Jacob and Renesme's story.<br /><br />On Renesme's names: They're just names.  I've seen worse.<br /><br />On seeking a deeper \\"message\\" in a teen vampire romance novel: Really?  People are?  Wow.  I'm sorry that this isn't a message-heavy series.  It's an adventure, speculative fiction--a fantasy.  Not all books have to have a big heavy message.  Really!  It can just be for fun.  Give me a happy ending every time, because there are plenty of not-happy stories out there, both fiction and in real life.<br /><br />My advice to anyone on the fence about this book: It's fun!  It's a little predictable, but it's entertaining.  Just enjoy it for what it is.  If you want pain and love and sacrifice in your vampire romance books & you're over 18, try \\"Sunshine\\" by Robin McKinley.
0060589280|5.0|This is a great book with everything you want. I've read some of the reviewers saying he writes too simple and therefor it is not a good book. But the simplicity is the strength of Coelho's writing. Makeing something like prostitution possible to grasp and comprahend and without laying out pages and pages of how horrible the situation is (with this I don't mean prostitution isn't a terrible thing - it truly is, just that it is nice to finally see a prostitute not as a helpless victim but just a womam trying to survive even though many in reality might be victims]. Read this book, you will not regret it.
B0011KQSZ4|5.0|I've never written a review on Amazon before, but felt it was necessary to start now as this movie was so funny. I've been let down by so many recent comedies that fail to live up to there hype - this is not one of them! If you love English humor (all right, mate???) and even if you don't - trust me you will still love this movie!
B001DJ7PQ4|5.0|The Complete Fourth Series box-set will include \\"Voyage of the Damned\\", as well as the Children in Need skit \\"Time Crash\\", which was not shown in North America. (This is from gallifreyone.com.) And that's all I've got, at the moment!
031606792X|5.0|I can not believe there is anyone out there who did not enjoy reading this book.  This whole series has successfully sucked me into the story with the characters and this book was no different.  There was not a moment I did not enjoy.  While some people may have personal opinions about the characters or their actions, but this is FICTION and the book and characters and ending are FABULOUS!
031606792X|1.0|Not so long ago I bought Twilight on a whim (before it became The Next Big Thing) and enjoyed reading from cover to cover. To sum it up for my husband, I said, \\"Think early Anita Blake for the teen set - a girl, a vampire, and a werewolf without all the twisted fetish stuff.\\" It was a fun book that kept the teenage angst at a minimum, and really focused on telling an engaging story.<br /><br />Fast forward to book four, and wow, it's just like an Anita Blake novel in that the heroine turns out to have ridiculous amounts of supernatural power and the universe has worked it out that she can keep her vampire and her werewolf. I'm all for a little suspension of disbelief, but the author might as well have put a little gift bow on top of this since everything ends up packaged so neatly.<br /><br />(BEWARE, here there be SPOILERS.)<br /><br />The two main characters have gone from being a young couple in love, to the world's two largest Mary Sue's (i.e. they fulfill author/reader wishes no matter how outlandish). Granted, Edward has been idealized from the start, but his everlasting love for Bella has become bludgeoning at this point. What Bella wants, Bella gets, so much so that she assures her own death (so much for that humanity of hers he wanted to protect). For her part, Bella must be lobbying for martyr of the year. She takes RAMPANT BRUISING as par for the course of making love to Edward. She then insists on carrying a mutant fetus to term when it is clearly killing her (what's a few cracked ribs and a broken spine, right?). From her point of view, these aren't problems; she'll just let Edward make her a vampire when the baby eats its way out. In the meantime, let's torture Jacob by making him keep her company in the middle of vampire central. While she becomes little more than an animated skeleton and revoltingly sucks blood from a sippy cup, she goes on and on about her love for Edward, the joys of impending motherhood, and how she and Jacob were meant to be BFFs forever.<br /><br />Bad storyline aside, Bella solidifies her status as one of the worst examples for young female readers ever. Love is wonderful, sacrifice can be noble, but what Bella does just feels masochistic and misogynistic. It's as though she has no love for herself. It's all about Edward, and \\"the little nudger\\" which she thinks of as Edward, Jr. She treads a path of self-destruction with little consideration for her own health, or her parents who love her dearly. It's as though their feelings don't merit concern by virtue of her having married.<br /><br />But not to worry, because Meyer ex machina shall make everything alright. Bella dies while giving birth to a daughter, but Edward still manages to turn her into a vampire. Jake decides to \\"handle\\" the problem of the halfling baby, but instead he imprints on her (i.e. they're now soulmates). What a coincidence. Never mind all the love he had for Bella in books 1, 2 & 3 - he's all about Bella, Jr. now. And lucky him, she'll be an \\"adult\\" in approximately five years. Convenient, yes?<br /><br />Speaking of which, letting Charlie in on the secret is no longer problematic. Jake spills the beans, and Charlie - who couldn't stomach Edward when he thought he was just a regular boy - can suddenly cope with werewolves, vampires, and a grandkid who grows and ages at an exponential rate. So Bella gets her vampire, her baby, her werewolf BFF, AND she gets to see her dad on weekends and holidays.<br /><br />The big baddies, the Volturi, will make an appearance by book end, but what can they do when there's a full-on werewolf/vampire love fest going on with the Cullen Coven, the Quileute pack, and every vampire to make their way to the Seattle area? Everyone's so in love with the halfling (who turns out not to be so unique) that they're willing to face down the vampire boogeymen. Of course there's no real danger since Bella - having skipped that whole annoying out-of-one's-mind-with-blood-lust early vampire childhoodthat EVERY OTHER VAMPIRE experienced - is a natural shield who pretty much learns how to manipulate her power in one month, versus the average decade to century it takes everyone else.<br /><br />Nice and neat, no muss, no fuss, happily ever after.<br /><br />The only bright spot is that this is the end to the series (hopefully).pretty much learns how to manipulate her power in one month, versus the average decade to century it takes everyone else.   Nice and neat, no muss, no fuss, happily ever after.  The only bright spot is that this is the end to the series (hopefully).
031606792X|4.0|I don't understand why everyone is being so harsh in their reviews.  I felt Stephenie Meyers did a good job of wrapping up all the relational/emotional issues.  The pregnancy part was a little gruesome for me, however, not enough to ruin the story!  What's so wrong with a happy ending?  I think the author DOES show sacrifice...just in a different and what I think is a better way.  They sacrifice the 'traditional' ways of a vampire and are rewarded with real love and family.  Overall, I enjoyed this end to the series and I'm glad the original 2.5 star rating didn't deter me from reading this myself!
031606792X|2.0|Disappointed with Breaking Dawn... just seemed to tie up everything too neatly and at times the writing seemed flat.
031606792X|1.0|I wanted so badly to love this book. I thought for sure it would be the pinnacle of everything. Jacob/Bella. Edward/Bella. Her choice, what she really wanted. The story should've gone in such a different direction and yet it ended with a sigh of confusion. I didn't understand how or why Bella, who seemed very reluctant to marry, decided to sacrifice everything for a baby when the thought of telling her parents she was engaged terrified the stuffing out of her? Really? And what was with the different point of veiw thing? I loved seeing things through Jacobs eyes dont get me wrong. His character is honest, bright, loveable and witty but this saga belongs to Bella. Her POV should've been the only one that mattered. Also, I have to agree none of the characters really seemed like themselves. Not even Edward. Except for the spots where he was fussing over Bella or being protective I didn't see very much Edward like behavior. Then there was Bella's automatic take to being a Vampire?? I dont know, I hate to agree with others because I always go my own way but when something is right, its just right. This book was meant to tie things up in a pretty little bow. I love this author and in no way will I stop reading her work but I feel she did this Saga a great injustice by writing this story when she clearly needed a break. Sometimes, when the Muse leaves us, or we're feeling less then inspired (A.K.A creatively drained) its best to take time off rather then plugging away to meet a deadline. Honest feedback isn't always pleasant feedback but we all need it. I'm sorry if I've hurt the Author in any way but this book broke my heart and not for the right reasons.
B00005JO5L|3.0|Viewed now, with the benefit of more than 29 years hindsight, what's startling about William Friedkin's \\"Cruising\\" is its foreboding, apocalyptic (and apparently unintentional) pre-AIDS depiction of gay nightlife as it existed in the late 1970's. Though not by any means a masterpiece, \\"Cruising\\" is an intermittently fascinating study of an undercover cop (played by Al Pacino) investigation of a string of brutal murders of local gay men. Filmed in and around several gay bars and hard-core sex clubs located in the heart of New York City's Greenwich Village (with actual patrons--not only extras--and club life serving as the backdrop), the film was quite controversial at the time of its release.  \\"Cruising prompted a good number of protests for the graphic, no-holds-barred nature of its subject matter and also for its sensationalism, with the potential to incite or increase violence against gays (this movie was made at the height of the \\"gay (sexual) liberation\\" movement). \\"Cruising\\" is best seen for Pacino's stirring performance as the sexually ambivalent Steve Burns, who infiltrates the furtive gay underground scene and finds a powerful, addictive environment that has an intoxicating mixture of danger and gutter glamour.     Like \\"The Exorcist\\" and \\"The Boys in the Band\\" (both of which Friedkin directed), \\"Cruising\\" is often heavy-handed and it raises far more questions about sexuality, cultural identity and societal permissiveness than it answers. Yet the film still holds one's attention as it telescopes a specific cultural phenomenon circa 1979. As portrayed here, the gay scene is at once alluring and repugnant.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|A great Coldplay album i bump it in the beemer with all my N.E.R.D and HipHop.
0765350386|5.0|\\"Mistborn\\"<br />By<br />Brandon Sanderson<br /><br /> Vin, a skaa street urchin, struggles every day just to survive. These are dark days for the Final Empire...if you're a skaa that is. Oppressed for years by the noblemen of the Final Empire, which is ruled over with an iron fist by the \\"Lord Ruler,\\" the skaa work as slaves every day, sweeping the streets, working in the mills, mines, and fields.<br /><br /> There are a lucky few like Vin who have some talent. Talent earns them places with the many numerous skaa thieving crews, groups of men who make small-time raids on the noblemen of the<br />Empire. Dragged there by her abusive brother, Vin remained to pay off her and her brother's debt to the Crew Chief after he ran away and left her.<br /><br /> One day however, after a raid gone wrong, Vin meets up with Kelsier, a handsome, scheming Crew Chief who just happens to be an Allomancer. And not just any Allomancer, a Mistborn.<br /><br /> Allomancers use metals such as Iron, Tin, and Pewter to enhance their bodily powers. Most Allomancers can only use one metal, but a select few, Mistborn, can use all of the 10 metals. Once Vin finds out that she is in fact a Mistborn as well, Kelsier offers her a chance to become a member of his crew. This crew however, isn't just going to \\"pull a job,\\" they're going to pull the biggest job in the history of the final empire...<br /><br /> \\"Lord Ruler...\\" That's what I have to say about \\"Mistborn!\\" It was SO GOOD! The first installment to the Mistborn series is one not to be missed! Sanderson has such a good balance of good, evil, action, drama, politics, scheming, backstabbing, mystery...you name it, \\"Mistborn\\" has it all!<br /><br /> Though the language in \\"Mistborn\\" took some getting used to, it wasn't the usual boring \\"court battles\\" that a lot of fantasy is famous for. I understood all of the politics and actually wanted more, surprising even myself.<br /><br /> The only downside is, I fail to see how the second book in the series (\\"Well of Ascension\\") could possibly live up to the greatness of \\"Mistborn.\\" I'll definitely be there to give it a shot however.<br /><br /> In summary, \\"Mistborn\\" was a refreshing book in a world of sub-standard fantasy littering most of the genre nowadays. If you need a little excitement on your bookshelf pick up \\"Mistborn\\" !<br />Four and  stars.reatness of \\"Mistborn.\\" I'll definitely be there to give it a shot however.      In summary, \\"Mistborn\\" was a refreshing book in a world of sub-standard fantasy littering most of the genre nowadays. If you need a little excitement on your bookshelf pick up \\"Mistborn\\" !   Four and  stars.
B0018PH3L0|5.0|I have been a fan since I first read the book and watched it in its premier broadcast on CBS.  When I am asked to name my favorite movie, I always cite Lonesome Dove (even though it is a made-for-television miniseries).  Today I purchased this newly-released Collector's Edition, even though I already own the 2000 Hallmark 2-disc release, and even though I suspected the touted \\"widescreen\\" had been accomplished by cropping/letterboxing.    After reading the handful of reviews here that seemed to contradict each other, I popped both discs in separate players to compare them with each other.  The good news is, the audio is remarkably crystal clear, a definite improvement.  The picture is also markedly superior, very sharp, and the color is brilliant.  On the older Hallmark version, the colors appear pale and washed out compared to the newer version, which has much deeper and richer tones, after remastering.    The bad news is, it is in fact cropped.  When I watched the two discs side by side, it is immediately apparent that part of the picture is missing at the top and at the bottom of the screen, in most scenes.  What is really strange, however, is that in some scenes part of the picture has been cropped from the (left and/or right) sides of the picture, as well.  There are some scenes in which the picture has been cropped on ALL FOUR sides of the picture.  I am not imagining this.  I was able to confirm this by playing/pausing the two versions side by side and noting that characters are sometimes in frame, other times not visible, parts of signs and lettering on signs are sometimes visible, sometimes not visible.  Objects visible in the older version may not be visible in the newer release.    Even stranger, in the new release, in some scenes one side of the frame may show less (on either the left or the ride side of the picture) in the new version (e.g. missing a person, or an object), but the other side of the frame may show people or objects that do not appear inthe \\"original\\" 4:3 aspect.    Bottom line: it would appear that the original production was filmed in some aspect other than what was originally broadcast on network; this newer version ADDS some of the previously unseen aspect in some scenes, but in other scenes OMITS some of what was originally broadcast.  Still, the picture quality is really nice, and if you are as big a fan as I am of this, the greatest story ever told, it probably won't matter to you.  I will keep my older version copy, but I doubt I will ever have a reason to want to watch it instead of this one.
031606792X|4.0|Breaking Dawn is a lot different from the other books in the series.  It started off rough but it got better towards the end.  I wasn't able to put down the other books.  I read them whenever I had a moment.  This book, especially book 2 inside of this book, was extremely boring at times and I easily found something else to do with my time.  It's not as bad as some readers are making it out to be. The last 200 or so pages were very interesting.  If you really liked the other books in the series, go for it.  You may not love it but you will enjoy it.<br /><br />Oh yeah - this book is definitely PG-13 ....at LEAST!!
0060578793|1.0|Good title but that is about it for this book, compared to the U.S. Military.
B0002XV30Q|5.0|I've heard Ciccolini's and Hough's sets of these concerti, but this is my favorite by a wide margin. Hough's has been highly praised elsewhere, and I certainly agree that his technique is astounding. He plays these concerti faster than anyone, and that is precisely my complaint. Hough seems so busy moving through these works at warp three hyperdrive that he takes just about NO time to stop and smell the roses--and there are plenty in this music.<br /><br />Not that Collard is slow. He can glitter just well as Hough, but he also knows when to seduce--listen to the second theme of the scherzo of No.2--the way he and Previn teasingly hang on to a note just a microsecond before playfully plunging into the phrase itself. They don't make a big deal of this, and these performances are NOT \\"mannered,\\" but the listener is drawn in, and the sensation is almost physical. This is only one instance of the felicities of agogics and phrasing in these performances.<br /><br />I have not heard the Licad performance so esteemed by another reviewer at the expense of Collard's. Personally, I've never heard anything by Licad I've liked. Her CD of Gottschalk was panned by FANFARE. Of course, that doesn't mean she couldn't be good in No.2, but there's nothing wrong with Collard.<br /><br />It's just a pity this couldn't have been rounded out to a trio of CD's to include the Rapsodie d'Auvergne and Allegro appassionato also recorded by this team. I own both this set and Hough's, but I listen to this one a LOT more. Also, the price is certainly more attractive than Hyperion's, although for me that is NOT the issue.
B0017MO10U|4.0|This movie, \\"Stargate - Continuum\\", felt like an extended episode of \\"Stargate SG-1\\". There really was not much of a movie feel to it at all and there seemed to be a lot of filler footage, which is OK by me anyway since I am a huge Stargate fan. This was a pleasant \\"extra\\" after finishing up watching [[ASIN:B000TJBNHQ Stargate SG-1 - The Complete Series Collection]] and [[ASIN:B0010YSD7M Stargate - The Ark of Truth]] . Others have given details of the plot so I'm not going to do that in this review.<br /><br />It was a real treat seeing many of the characters from the regular series and brought a nice sense of closure to an excellent, long running series.<br /><br />Highly recommended for Stargate SG-1 fans!
031606792X|1.0|I throughly enjoyed the first three books in the series.  But to me, Breaking Dawn barely seemed related.  I really missed the romance between Edward and Bella.  The wedding and honeymoon were rushed to get to the pregnancy, which I hated.  The pregnancy and birth were so gruesome and demonic that I never could make myself like the baby.  Relationships seemed very underdeveloped and shallow. The storyline felt forced. Instead of developing the characters and their realtionships in deep and meaningful ways, the book focuses on convoluted events. I'm sad for Stephanie Meyer.  It's like she no longer loves the characters enough to want to spend time with them.
031606792X|1.0|As an avid fan of Twilight, I was quite excited for the release of Breaking Dawn.  I read no spoilers beforehand, so I was completely unprepared for the disappointment that lay before me.  Twilight was about finding true love, New Moon was about losing true love, Eclipse was about choosing true love, and Breaking Dawn was about... what?  Nice, neat little \\"happy\\" endings, all packaged up with a bow on top?  None of the characters were forced to make real choices, and none of the characters were forced to endure real pain.  Everyone ended up one big happy family, la-de-da.  Bella was never forced to truly consider the ramifications of becoming a vampire, and once she did become a vampire, everything just worked out so nicely.  Everyone's personalities spiraled into out-of-character territory; it was like a piece of crack!fanfiction written by a thirteen-year-old.  And that's not even mentioning the horrid plot device that was Renesmee (Renesmee!  Seriously).    All in all, Breaking Dawn was a thoroughly disappointing conclusion to the Twilight saga.  End with Eclipse.  It will make your head feel better.
031606792X|4.0|Stephanie Meyer did a awesome job with this novel. She managed to tie up all loose ends yet still keep the reader interested and on the edge. There were differences in this novel compared to the others, however, and I can see why people would feel differently. For instance, this novel seemed more to concentrate on character development, both individual and interpersonal, rather than plot development. As readers, we get to know Emmett, Rosalie, Jasper, Seth, and Leah much more personally than the other novels allowed. Also, this novel branched out into more than just Jacob-Bella-Edward; it became less of a romance story. I enjoyed it immensely. Meyer used wonderful rhetoric and characterization, especially when writing from Jacob's perspective. She kept it funny while at the same time never letting the reader forget about the weight of the circumstances.   I do agree with the statement that it was almost too good to be true;it's impossible for everything to turn out that perfectly. At the same time, though, I must admit that if the story wasn't as \\"happily ever after\\" as it was, I would have hated it. Meyer developed all of her characters so well that it was impossible not to feel attached to them, and if they suffered or died, there was a very high possibility of me throwing he book across the room and injuring some innocent bystander.   Great read and I highly reccomend it.
031606792X|2.0|*spoilers*    I just thought everything ended up so neatly-too neatly.  It wasn't realistic at all; for even though it's a story with vampires and shape-shifters, characters can still be presented as real people within the story.  These people are decidedly not.      Bella is the very definition of a \\"Mary Sue\\" character.  People automatically like her for little to no reason, she's got super special powers, she looks just like her author (before transformation,) she's got guys fighting over her, etc.  But accepting that, this book, and the others for that matter, are harmless fluff.  If it gets people to read and enjoy their time doing so, then it has a place in the marketplace.     So, basically, read this book if you don't care that it's got an entirely implausible premise, heavy-handed morality, an obsessive and overly simplistic take on love, and a hefty dose of silliness.  I enjoyed reading it for the most part.
031606792X|2.0|The first time I picked up Twilight was in a bookstore months ago and as soon as I saw the word \\"vampire\\" I immediately put it down. However, after hearing so many good things about it I figured it was summertime and I needed a fun read. I eventually fell in love with it and the series and I was eagerly awaiting the release of Breaking Dawn. I was one of the few who found it at a grocery store early Friday morning before its midnight release. I finished it late that Friday night. I mulled over my opinion for a long time because honestly I believe I was in shock. Now I have finished reading it for a second time and believe that I can thoroughly express my opinion.<br /><br />But where to begin? As much as I want to love this book I just don't believe that I can. Especially now that I have read it twice I can really see the flaws throughout this book. The characters did seem to completely change...they went from being curious 17 year olds to 30 year old parents? (and, yes, I know Edward is mature and 100+ years old). But, if Mrs. Meyers wanted to write this as a more adult series she should have done so from the beginning. After reading a Q&A where she talks about how she wanted Nessie from the beginning, etc., but her publishers loved Jacob's character, I can see where she went wrong. It's just like when you are writing a research paper. You have to have a clear hypothesis. If you do not, then you will simply ramble on and hope that all of the lose ends are tied up and it will never seem to end...<br /><br />I am truly sorry that I could not love this book; I really wanted to. But, that just does not seem to be a possibility now because of the serious errors that are present throughout the plot, character development and the overall message of this final book.<br /><br />I am not angry, I am just merely disappointed.
031606792X|1.0|BREAKING DAWN was muchly anticipated by all Twilight fans, whether they were teenagers or the Twilight moms. Everybody was waiting for the ending to come, to see what would happen with Bella and Edward, whether she'd change or not, how the wedding would go and much more.<br /><br />Stephenie Meyer attempted to give us the perfect ending to a bestselling saga. But in the end, we lost our main character when she was traded in for a perfect version; a perfect human being. We lost our ability to sympathize with her, to feel that Bella Swan, or Cullen, could be a potential rolemodel.<br /><br />While Breaking Dawn starts exactly as we thought it would, it takes a loop from chapter 7 on, and unfortunately for a lot of us, it didn't suit our tastes at all.<br /><br />Before we go on, I'd like to issue a SPOILER WARNING here. Thank you.<br /><br />The plot was severely lacking. To be quite honest, there was none. It read like an insipid epilogue that was stretched out over 700. Every little thing that happened seemed to be plucked out of thin air in order to fill up the book. Pregnancy? Well sure. Grotesque birth? Well okay. Volturri coming over for a quick visit with the entire group only to leave within an hour or so? Sure.<br /><br />Furthermore, I was a bit confused at some points as I thought over Meyer's personal rules. She stated clearly that she wanted her children to be able to read the books, thus no sex would be included (which, by all means, I don't mind). But then a few chapters later, here we get an incredibly detailed, and to be honest, sick moment in which Bella vomits a fountain of blood, breaks her spine, and has several other things done to her, which includes Edward biting her placenta... and that's okay for children to read? Well that's a first.<br /><br />Also, being a feminist, I was extremely disappointed with the overall anti-feminism thing that was going on in the book. Apparently us women can't be completely happy if we're not married to a perfect guy and have children. Both Rosalie and Leah have been addressed as such and while Rosalie is married, she's more focused on Bella's baby than anything, while Leah is simply miserable because she's missing children. Also, to have Bella beg for sex, even exchanging her humanity for it left a very bad aftertaste in my mouth. But the thing that I found the worst of all was Edward concocting a plan to get Jacob to impregnate his wife again, if she had an abortion. Wow.<br /><br />Which brings me to the next point. Edward and Bella's relationship is the crux to the success of this series, to be honest. Some of us like Jacob & Bella more together, others like the other couples in it, but most fans are Edward and Bella shippers.<br /><br />Then why, during the book, did we get no romantic lines, like in the previous three books? To be honest, the only times we really had Edward around was when he slept with Bella, during the ending, or during the birth. During the rest of the book, he suddenly seemed like a secondary character, replaced by Renesmee and Jacob (both had far more prominent roles, despite the former coming into the book around halfway through).<br /><br />Also, might I add my tremendous disappointment concerning the very hard issues that were dismissed too easily in order for the happy ending to take place? Such as Bella's first year as a newborn, Bella having to let go of her parents and Jacob changing the treaty so easily for her, her being able to be around humans, her new superpower that was mastered so easily. In the end, Bella had to sacrifice nothing. Not even her physical urges towards Edward were lessened, but strengthened.<br /><br />It was a book that was promising and with those 700 pages, Meyer could have pulled off a very succesful ending to a great series. Too bad it's filled up with nonsense, lack-of-action, grotesque births, anti-feminism and loss of our main character. Because Bella, after being changed, is no longer the clumsy, smart kid that she used to be. She's perfect, and therefore, none of us can compare with her.<br /><br />Breaking Dawn proved me wrong about this series. It isn't about sacrifice for those you love and want to be with, or about making choices and becoming a responsible adult. To me, it seems that it's a story that if you're ready to marry and have a child at a young age, abandon your ambitions and education, you'll have a happy life. It's just too bad the real world doesn't always work that way.<br /><br />What a shame..    Breaking Dawn proved me wrong about this series. It isn't about sacrifice for those you love and want to be with, or about making choices and becoming a responsible adult. To me, it seems that it's a story that if you're ready to marry and have a child at a young age, abandon your ambitions and education, you'll have a happy life. It's just too bad the real world doesn't always work that way.    What a shame.
031606792X|5.0|so, bella really irritated me in the first 3 books, she was helpless, whiny, somewhat selfish in a way.....but i loved her in breaking dawn.  i used to be bothered by jacob too but i also loved his character in this book. i love edward in all books, but i enjoyed that he wasn't the complete focus.  i loved bella's character development.  she turned into such a heroine and it was great.  this book is seductive, intense, suspensful, romantic, cold, warm, i mean it when i say a little bit of everything.  i am reading my favorite chapters again a little slower this time and enjoying it the second time around.
0061537934|5.0|I am a dog lover so I fell in love with Enzo, the dog narrating the story, from the very beginning. Although this was a fictional work, the  \\"Enzo-isms\\" were inspirational and made the character even more endearing. As you are drawn into the life of an extremely likeable guy, Denny and his charming and very intelligent dog Enzo you will be led down a road of seemingly insurmountable challenges that will leave you asking what could possibly happen next and how can one person endure so much? It's almost impossible to read on but even more impossible not to. Despite all of the disappointments faced by Denny and Enzo, there is a heart-warming ending that is guaranteed to make you smile if not cry. I have a new favorite book that I honestly did not want to finish reading because I wanted MORE ENZO!!! This book will make you laugh, cry and especially wonder the next time you look at a dog, just what they are really thinking. Thank you Garth Stein for writing such a wonderfully charming and insightful book.
031606792X|5.0|As with the last three books in this series, Stephanie Meyer drew me completely into the world and the emotions of her characters. I really didn't feel that I read a 700 plus page book; but I did feel that I had completely lived this book with its characters. I have always loved a good romance. Did Bella get everything she wanted? Yes. That's what happens in a good romance. But Bella fought hard for everything she got; she earned her happy ending.     I had wondered how Stephanie Meyer would end this vampire story and still stay true to her own beliefs about what constitutes a happy ending. She did a great job. Will everyone be happy? No. Many people (myself included) are drawn to vampires for the glamour -- eternal youth, beauty, wealth, sex without consequence, a carefree life with few or no responsibilities. Well, there was little of that glamour in this book. But those were not the things that Bella ever wanted.     I didn't feel a wrong or false note in the whole story. And I thought Ms. Meyer stayed true to the rules of the world she had created. From reading some of the reviews, I feel there were readers who didn't accept those rules. For instance, imprinting was explained many times throughout the last two books. But there were readers who continued to see imprinting in terms of \\"romantic love\\" despite all the clear evidence that it is something much more than that.     I had worried that the author would not let us actually see Bella become a vampire. But we did get to see it. And there was suffering. But Bella turned in to the vampire we all knew she would be. And she dicovered her own strength. My highest praise for the book would have to be the fact that when Bella finally confronted her adversaries and bared her teeth, prepared to fight for all she loved; I actually found myself growling with her! I was completely with Bella in that moment!    And the author did a great job of building suspense toward the final climax of the book. She made me blink. Even though I knew this romance had to have a happy ending, there were some moments there when the author made me wonder... Mrs. Meyer has always done a great job of building the suspense in her stories. They are definitely page turners.     And, of course, Edward was wonderful as always. I have always loved his character, but in this final installment I really got a sense of how far he would go to protect those he loved. There aren't many men who would be able to make the sacrifices he was willing to make for Bella --or do what he did to help her have all that she wanted. The birthing scene was truly gripping. And for those who feel the author is advocating teen pregnancy, sorry. I just don't feel that many teens are going to rush out to get pregant after reading about that birth. Yes, there was a lot of blood. But who reads a vampire story and complains about blood? It's part of the territory and I loved the gritty realism.    Finally, Mrs. Meyer did an excellent job of portraying the passion between these two young lovers without providing any graphic details. I'm not bothered by graphic details; romance is my favorite genre. But I didn't miss it here at all. And I think that's a true testament to Mrs. Meyer's writing - a gripping romance without any lurid sexual details. I couldn't put it down. And I'm finding it hard to forget even now. I will miss Bella and Edward. But I know they are happy. And so am I.
031606792X|3.0|When I first read Twilight I was absolutely hooked. I couldn't wait for the second book, and but as soon as I finished the second book I could already seen how the series was going to end, Not only that, each book got progressively less interesting, less well written, and I would say the LESS factor had its culmination in BREAKING DAWN. While it's not a terrible book, I can understand why many reviewers were angry enough to give it one star.     Firstly, the author switches perspectives so quickly you don't know what happening when. After talking about an incident currently happening, she'll switch to something that happened a long time ago, then back to the present, back to the past, or back to several episodes in the past... very confusing, and doesn't make for a effortless, fun read.    The other major critique I have is how everything was resolved. I won't include any spoilers here, but once you read the book, you'll see what I mean.    Overall, I wished I'd stopped at Twilight and never continued.
B000F6IOC0|1.0|I've been forced to sit through this a couple times.  Absolutely awful, meaningless crap.  I was so bored that I think sitting on the couch in complete silence, staring at the wall, would've been more bearable than this.
031606792X|2.0|I was, and remain, a very big fan of the Twilight series-at least the first three books.  The author has created a universe populated with fascinating, compelling,and relatable characters.  However, this very fact has made it very hard for me to accept that Breaking Dawn is how the series has been concluded.  I wish the series had concluded after the third book.  This last installment certainly provided the happy ending we had wished for,...but the way it went about it was so strange that it's very hard to believe it was written by the same author.<br />  Almost all of the characters felt \\"off\\".  They generally behaved in uncharacteristic ways, and suddenly began entirely new behaviors which were rather odd(why the sudden nicknames?, for example).  There were what I perceived as many contradictions with earlier books. The most notable to me is that the author seemed to make it quite clear in earlier books that a \\"normal\\" life and a family are something Bella is sacrificing to be with Edward.  Yes, I do understand an explanation was provided(surprise!  guess vamps can get humans pregnant.)...it's just that the explanation wasn't really sufficient to support such a radical plot development, in my opinion.  Then, there is Bella's extreme aversion to blood. It suddenly is no problem,with no explanation given?<br />  My primary reason for not liking the book can be traced to the radical shift in writing style.  The fact that the book seemed to be veering suddenly into science fiction type territory, complete with mutant children which grow at a super accelerated rate.(and on that subject, I simply don't understand...why?  Neither parent,nor anyone in the bloodlines, grew or grows at a super fast pace, why would the offspring?) Once Bella discovered she was pregnant,the book really did seem to jump the shark. The characters which were so compelling suddenly seemed abstract strangers.<br />  I read it, twice, and while I did find many moments of humor and even moments, though few, which made me recall the glory of the former books...overall, when I finished, I was left talking to myself, saying \\"what did I just read? Was that really the book I've been awaiting for a long time?\\"<br />  I realize that a book which was so heavily anticipated would not be able to please everyone...it was bound to be a let-down to some people.  But when the people who are terribly disappointed are some of the most devoted of fans, then I think perhaps something went wrong.  I never would have imagined I'd be writing a negative review for this book. I never could have imagined the book being such a departure from the series.<br />And I certainly never imagined that I'd now choose to imagine the series ended with Eclipse.ew, which made me recall the glory of the former books...overall, when I finished, I was left talking to myself, saying \\"what did I just read? Was that really the book I've been awaiting for a long time?\\"      I realize that a book which was so heavily anticipated would not be able to please everyone...it was bound to be a let-down to some people.  But when the people who are terribly disappointed are some of the most devoted of fans, then I think perhaps something went wrong.  I never would have imagined I'd be writing a negative review for this book. I never could have imagined the book being such a departure from the series.    And I certainly never imagined that I'd now choose to imagine the series ended with Eclipse.
031606792X|2.0|I devoured the first three books within no time, and was thrilled there was another book on the way even though I thought the 3rd would have sufficed as an ending. Little did I know what I was about to read.    (Spoliers ahead)  The book started out ok. They got married, as I suspected, then everything went a south. She got pregnant. Was this really the thing to start out with? Was it even necessary or vital to Bella and Edward's story at all? I have to agree with others that she was not someone who was suppose to have a child (not because of the vampire thing) but because she neither wanted nor needed a child to complete this story.     The first 2/3 of the book is consumed in this topic, and never eases up. I thought surely this isn't going to last long she'll have the baby and move on. Nope, we have to hear about how the baby is killing her from the inside. Breaking her bones, sucking her life away, making her drink blood, bruising and crack her fragile body, and all of the horror that was most of this story. I actually put the book down at a few point due to pure disgust (not like me since I have a passion for the medical field). This book just went way over the edge in every way. I won't touch all on the issues as most people already have.    As far as 'sending the wrong message', I don't know about that. This like a movie or music is another form of entertainment and is not meant to convey a message (thought it may to some if they don't see it properly). I think it was simply a bad choice for a last book. It really appears as though Stephenie was forced to write this book, as it doesn't even seem like her clever writing. I was enthralled by Edward and Bella in the first three, how even thought they loved one another it was never really set in stone, you were constantly left wondering and Bella actually started to consider what was the right thing. Then in this book she throws all of that to the wind.    Once she turned into a vampire the book seemed to pick upa bit, not much though. At least by this point I was no longer horrified at the images my brain painted by the words on the pages. I do, however, believe that this was the wrong way for Bella to be turned. Did anyone else think this was a last resort to becoming a vamp? I was really disappointed. I was hoping like everyone else that she would stay with Edward and get turned at some point, but again with the baby, just a mistake all around. But the last 1/3 was tolerable.    In conclusion, I feel the book was a mess for the most part, and the rest just predictable and unnecessary garble. I really wanted and tried to love this book as I did the others, but found I could not. I suppose the ending was acceptable and more along the lines of how the story could have been. I do feel that the baby should have either not been in the stories at all, or an end to the book, mind you, without all the gore.
031606792X|5.0|First off, I want to make it clear how much I LOVED THIS BOOK! I just don't understand how a TRUE twilight fan can dare speak ill of such a fine masterpiece! Honestly, even though the fan base was divided between team Edward and team Jacob, I don't feel Jacob was slapped in the face at all. As apparent by Eclipse, Edward and Bella were already engaged, so for me he pretty much lost his fight to win Bella's heart so how is it a surprise that she still married Edward? I LOVED Edward from book one, I liked Jacob, but I just wanted to read about Edward and I think this book would have failed if she ended up with Jacob. ANYWAY, this book was not only an action packed page flipper with some creative twists (I have to say I predicted the pregnancy when she threw out the chicken and the imprinting when Jacob was talking about the balloons being let go), but also I loved the way it gave the characters personality and about all the literary ironies and allusions to other works.  It really felt like a cross between the Harry Potter series and the Inheritance (Eragon) series and maybe some Underworld thrown in (Except the werewolves, or I guess shape-shifters, were called lichens.). The chapter titles in book 2 (Jacob) were a cool way to create a distinct personality. I like the one that was like what am I the wizard of oz? But this book was JAMPACKED with ironies! I loved all the connections! For instance how Carlisle would not force Bella to give up Nessie when she was pregnant, which angered Jacob, but Jacob would not force his pack to follow his orders as Alpha. Things like that made me smile because of the irony! IF you have read Eldest in the Inheritance series, then Nessie WAS JUST LIKE that black haired baby that Eragon blessed incorrectly, how she grew quickly and developed and talked. Not in all ways, but similar enough. And also a set of twins, which basically held a group together, was in both stories. Jane and Alec in twilight, and those bald headed traitors in Eragon. Aro looking through Edward's mind reminded be of one of those twins probing Eragon. I don't know about anyone else but the consistency with \\"V\\" in this fantasy stories are all connected! Harry Potter has VOLDEMORT, Eragon has VARDEN, and Twilight has VOLTURI. More than that, the almost battle between pretty much good and bad at the end reminded me of the battle of Troy in Greek mythology. Except this was of course a smaller scale version and instead of it being a woman they were fighting over, it was a baby girl! I interpreted the cover a few ways. First I think that the smaller red pawn was the bloodlust Bella had as a vampire, and the white chess piece was her overwhelming goodness and control that dominated her being. Also it could be good against evil, Cullens against the Volturi, with good of course triumphing. Another thing, I am sick of people making a big deal out o the sex in this book! Like seriously, stop being immature and get over it! People are acting like it is in bad taste, but I don't think Stephenie meant it that way, and people's brains and just too cloudy to see WHY she does this. Everything means something, sex isn't just sex, its really about the beauty of the moment of how despite the odds Bella and Edward belong together and they fit perfectly. It is a symbol of love and happiness, not some perverted thing that people are making it out to be! And more then that, his book is about messages!! I can totally relate this book to the real world in some ways. Like how the werewolves were racist against the vampires and vice versa. It is just like how people act today with difference races. But in the end they could all coexist happily. Maybe that is a message she is trying to send.  Or that friends can come from unlikely places. Mostly, true love is a powerful object. Not love, but TRUE meant to be love, a rarity.  Anyway I LOVED THIS BOOK!  Now I wished that there were a real Edward Cullen out there!
B0014DCT06|1.0|This has to be one of the most boring live acts I have ever had the displeasure of watching. He tries too hard to be edgy, and cool; the whole tough-guy image just doesn't suit him. Also, he should lay-off those wannabe Michael Jackson moves, and focus on his vocal performance. Overall the concert falls short of ingenuity, and entertainment; therefore unless you are a die-hard Justin fanatic, stay clear of this production.
031606792X|1.0|Oh Dear. I'm almost ashamed to admit how impatiently I was awaiting the release of Breaking Dawn. The book came out on my birthday, and I made my husband promise to get me a copy. It was the only gift I wanted. Fortunately for me, it wasn't the only gift I got. And now I feel terrible that I made my sweet hubby stand in line with teenagers to buy this thing.     For those doubting the sanity of the other negative reviews out there ... don't. Meyer's disappointed fans are absolutely correct. This book is awful. It betrays the fans and it betrays the characters.     Bella -- Bella has always been annoying to a degree. But I think that's what made her a realistic, sympathetic character. She was an awkward, naive girl who worshipped her \\"perfect\\" vampire boyfriend with a puppyish devotion that, nevertheless, made her somewhat endearing. In Breaking Dawn, I had hoped she would grow, mature and better appreciate the difficult choices she was prepared to make in order to be with Edward. But no ... she acts like a sexpot, becomes a weird sort of totally devoted/strangely detatched mother, has absolutely no difficulty transitioning to her new vampire existance, gets to retain her relationship with her dad, Charlie, and also gets to keep Jake in her life as her \\"best man\\" because he falls in love with her baby. Ew.    Edward -- Has always been a bit too bossy and parental with Bella, in my opinion. But his love for her (his ability to see past her faults) redeemed him in the previous books. His controlling behavior could be excused as worry for the danger Bella was in because they were attempting to be together. In this novel, he's all over the map. Previously he wouldn't touch her for fear of breaking her bones, now they are having headboard-destroying sex off the coast of Rio. What's up? And at first he wants to abort the \\"fetus\\" in order to save Bella, but then he's all gung-ho on the baby.    Jake -- In the earlier novels, I really came to adore Jacob. I thought he was agood friend to Bella, and he could see the value of her staying human and living a human life. I also appreciated his humor. The middle section of Breaking Dawn is from Jake's perspective, and it changes him into an almost unlikable character. His moods are mercurial, he acts annoying, his dialogue makes him sound almost stupid and his behavior with the pack is inconsistent. Then ... boom, he imprints on Renesmee (don't get me started on that name and the whole Nessie thing, ugh). His love for Bella just vanishes, but it's all okay because now he can still be part of her family as her daughter's imprint. That felt like a cop-out to me.     I could go on about the book's other shortcomings, how boring it gets, the lack of a satisfying finale, the introduction of too many side characters, the way Meyer abandons and shortchanges characters we've come to care about ... what's the point really. The book was a big disappointment. Moreover, this book is NOT for younger readers. I have friends who have been reading this series with their kids, and I feel compelled to warn them that if they let their 10-, 11- 12-year-olds read this book, they better be prepared to talk about sex, menstrual cycles, abortion, fetal development, birth, etc. with their kids. I know kids are pretty mature now, but I felt this novel betrayed the \\"PG\\" feeling of the previous three books. Bella is a sex maniac; she and Edward destroy bedroom furnishings with the ferocity of their love making; and the resulting pregnancy and birth is quite weird, graphic and, frankly, gross. Wouldn't want my kid to read it.    It pains me to supply a negative review of the final book in the Twilight series because I found the first three so readable. But seriously, folks, this is NOT good stuff.
B0019OP0GU|5.0|I give this five stars,because \\"Ballet Shoes\\" is one of my millions of favorite books,and i saw this film version on youtube,and thought it was excellent even though the quality wasn't all that good,but to know that it is coming on to dvd here in the states on September 2nd is very good news,and the bonus features seem excellent. I think the cast did a wonderful job as the characters,and Emma Watson shined as Pauline,and this is a very faithful wonderful adaptation of Ballet Shoes,and i recommend it to everyone,and i hope if you guys enjoy the movie that you will go read the book.
B001AHM2C6|5.0|James Newton Howard and Hans Zimmer, already two of my favorite score composers, have laid music on the table that parallels it's film counterpart film in the deep and the dark, the breathtaking and the jaw-droppingness.<br /><br />Each composer brings their own unique styles to create a score with as much depth as I have ever heard. The CDs opening track, 'Why So Serious?' begins with strange, screeching strings that slowly rise. The rest of the song is a mixture of orchestral genius and strange noises (ticking...) that absolutely capture the dark intrigue of the Joker.<br /><br />My other favorite tracks are 'Harvey Two Face,' which features a tune familiar to those who know the first score. The song moves through different emotions, all the while hinting at a nobility and tragedy.<br /><br />'Like a Dog Chasing Cars' also features a familiar tune, but the composers throw us a bone by layering new themes onto it, keeping it fresh, and amazing.<br /><br />And then, the culmination of the entire score, 'A Dark Knight' is a 16 minute ride through even more of Howard and Zimmer's wonderful music. All you can do is sit back and marvel.<br /><br />A wonderful score.
B00005JPY0|1.0|The Dark Knight fails in all apsects for the world of Batman. The film is not even close. It's clear that participants are not fans of the comic books, and more than likely have not even read a single issue. This shines through the entire two and half hour film. The Dark Knight is just another mob movie, but with Batman characters in it. It is not a Batman film. All the characters could be switched out with other fictional mobsters, cops, and insaine killers. This does allow the film by itself to be an alright film, but to declare it as part of the world of Batman; it is a complete flop. Gadgets, actual Batman vehicle, and the cave is omitted. Batman does not act like the character from the graphic novels, and does not move like him when faced by criminals. Two Face is so wittlessly created and his representation by the actor and by the film itself is so poor. The director should have at least had the camera focus solely on the coin being flipped in the air and then landing on Two Face's hand. Heath Ledger does a good job at representing the Joker written for this film; but it is not the Joker readers of Batman have come to love and be intrigued by from the graphic novel. Joker is portrayed as a scary insaine killer with some light humor, not at all a mix of a crazed humorous clown with the willingness to brutally take a life. The problem with this film is like most of other comic book films, live action looks amazing if done correctly but it is so restrictive in bringing a graphic novel's world to life. The closest motion pictures to do so acurately have been animations for cartoons can do what humans and objects can't do in the ordinary world. So the most obvious move would be to start making comic book films with complete computer graphics, voiced, written, and filmed by fans and by participants who have at least read the graphic novels. It's sad to say that Batman The Animated Series still remains the most acurate representation of the world for Batman.
B000P12LWY|5.0|Seeing the first preview, I was not very impressed, but still, I couldn't resist watching!  As an Anne Boleyn fanatic, Natalie Dormer blew me away.  JRM does a superb job as well.  I was happily surprised at the quality acting and plot.       However, there were missing some very important parts.  For example, Henry Percy, Anne's secret fianc and first love. Apart from this and some other flaws, they pretty much stuck with history.     I have talked to several people insisting that this show is basically porn with a plot.  Not true!  Yes, there are a few sex scenes.  And true enough, Henry VIII had six wives and many mistresses.  I highly recommend this show!
0440238153|5.0|[[ASIN:0595225020 Smitten: A Long Time Ago...in a Far Away Land...]] I finished the Amber Spyglass.  With the first book, Golden Compass I was hooked.  The action, adventure, and twists of the Golden Compass and then the Subtle Knife put me anxiously into the final book, The Amber Spyglass.<br />I loved the characters Lyra, Will, the witches, the bears, the Egyptians, the angels, the ghosts, the harpies, even Lyra's parents.<br />This book was filled with the same action as its predecessors.  What a ride.  I love the intrigue.  I never knew or even suspected what would happen next.<br />This trilogy is a fantastic read.  I don't recommend it for the under middle school.  Some may think it challenges religion and Christian churches, but I thought it showed realistic choices we make.  It shows how something good can really be bad.  It shows we make our choices and then we assume responsibility for those choices.<br />Some may dislike the ending, but I thought it a perfect ending.  Will and Lyra chose a path of understanding.  The two youths sacrificed their love for the greater good.  It showed two unselfish youths.<br />All I can say is read the trilogy.  It is equal or in my belief, better than Harry Potter.
031606792X|1.0|...because if I'd spent the last year eagerly waiting for Breaking Dawn to be released I would have been seriously ticked.      It's easy to sum up my impression of the final book in the Twilight series: shallow, saccharine, silly, filled with unnecessary dead-ends, and way too happily-ever-after.  BD has so little in common with the other 3 books in the series it's hard to imagine they were written by the same author.    I disliked just about everything about the way this final story unfolded, and I find that I feel the way I felt after reading that pathetic sequel to Gone With The Wind: totally let down.
B0018QCXGY|5.0|Pour les acheteurs franais qui aiment le frisson ce blu ray est incontournable. Le film est trs bon (je ne vais pas m'tendre sur le sujet car vous trouverez beaucoup de commentaires) et ct technique il russit  conjuguer des prises de vue camra  l'paule et une belle dfinition.  Enfin, la bande son canadienne est bonne, seuls quelques prnoms amricains sont prononcs...  l'amricaine. Donc si vous pouvez supporter d'entendre \\"wrob, wrob, wrob...\\" dans le feu de l'action (le hros se prnomme Rob) tout va bien.  A ne pas manquer.
031606792X|1.0|You get the feeling she waited until a week before the deadline and just stream-of-conscienced the whole thing. I'm going to pretend the series ended with Eclipse.
031606792X|1.0|For so many reasons stated already in other reviews, I was very disappointed in Breaking Dawn.  One of the biggest disappointments was that during a very crucial and critical point in the story, (yes, the absurd pregnancy), we are not even allowed to hear the story from the two most affected characters.  I wonder if that is a lack of courage on the author's part or a lack of writing ability.
B000002J0P|5.0|I just recently obtained copies of both this title and deja vu. For the best possible listening experience, burn both albums on one cdr (both fit on an 80 minute cd), then sit back and enjoy! I especially like to play this on my drive to work, my lunch break, and sometimes again on the drive home. I have been familiar w the So Far album for many years since i first bought it on cassette at a used record store back in the nineties. 'so far' was my initiation to their music. Now, many years later, I score a copy of their debut and the whole thing just rocks.<br />1. Suite: Judy Blue Eyes  -great song. a little played out on fm radio. loved this cut when i heard it on 'so far' cassette<br />2. Marrakesh Express  -my favourite cut on the album. it was supposedly a song nash wrote for the hollies but they rejected it. it sounds kind of paul simonish (and i like paul simon's music a lot too)<br />3. Guinnevere  - cool mellow song. have to be in the mood for it sometimes.<br />4. You Don't Have To Cry -i love this song. awesome harmonies. makes me wonder why the heck i waited so long to get this album.<br />5. Pre-Road Downs  -another cool gem. cool backwards guitar.<br />6. Wooden Ships  -another tune i was already acquainted with via 'so far' cassette. cool, but i have to be in the mood for it<br />7. Lady Of The Island  -really nice song by nash. very mellow acoustic love song.<br />8. Helplessly Hoping- another song i really love. especially after watching CSN's acoustic dvd from '91.<br />9. Lone Time Gone  -cool track by Crosby. one of the better rock tracks with great guitar and harmonies<br />10. 49 Bye-Byes  - like this song. used to skip it at first but it definitely grows on you
031606792X|5.0|I almost didn't read this book...I made the mistake of checking online - to see if there was a kindle edition - and caught all the 1 star ratings.  I didn't want to spoil the story for myself but I couldn't help  but see all the people talking about \\"characters changing\\" and how it didn't even seem like Stephenie writing the book.  In the end I could not have been more satisfied!  All you critics who complain over there not being enough sacrifice and what will it teach the youths of the world ... I will tell you what it will teach them....It will teach them that not all books have to end with the death of Old Yeller, the end of Tarabithia or the separation of Lyra and Will.      I can't tell you how many of the non-readers I have tried to convert over the years tell me that they hate reading because books are all depressing.  If all I had been exposed to wrtr the Newberry Award winners I was forced to read in school and not branched out into classics such as The Black Stallion and Anne of Green Gables I might not be the voracious reader that I am today.  Despite what adults might like to believe by the time children are old enough to read Stephenie Meyer thay are already quite well aware that life isn't fair and that it can be tragic...Not all of them would like to have this knowledge reinforced everytime they pick up a book.    ....And back to the story... There IS sacrifice on many fronts.  There is letting go of old predjudices and opening up to different beliefs... There ARE great values being taught they just happen to come with a happy ending!
B00006IM9Q|5.0|An excellent and quite a complete portrait of Blondie's career, not only highly recommended for newcomers (who will get to know the most important reference for all of today's female pop super-mega-stars...), but also quite a good compilation for those unconditional fans as all the songs here have been carefully remastered, providing a new cristal-clear sound to Blondie's classics worth being heard.<br /><br />As they always did, Debbie Harry's vocals stand out masterfully over a melting pot of wonderful rhythms and styles, making this a unique band over the last three decades.<br /><br />It also works fairly just as what it is: a Greatest Hits compilation. No rarities. No B sides. No new songs. No strings attached.<br /><br />Worth the money.
031606792X|3.0|This book was my least favorite in the series but only because there was so much drama involved. It wasn't a light-hearted read like the other three books had been. I also knew that it would be the last book of the series and I was sad to leave the characters behind. I am glad that Stephanie Meyer allowed us to read about Bella becoming a vampire. Before starting the book, I was afraid it would end with Edward biting Bella and that would we would never get to see them together afterwards because of how unpleasant new vampires were supposed to be for the first year. I didn't think she would write about the change so I was pleasantly suprised. Some of the events that took place were alittle hard to swallow but again, you have to remember that the book is a fantasy. If you have read the first three books, then you owe it to yourself to find out what becomes of Bella and Edward and the rest of the family.
031606792X|3.0|Stephenie Meyer sure could write good books, the first 3 books were enchanting, but Breaking Dawn was just...unexpected.  She tried so hard to please her readers, that she went a little too far. I understand that there had been many request about adding a bit more sexual content, but she went over board.   To me, both of Bella's POVs were NOT like Bella at all. She had changed too much, it was scary even.  Jacob's POV was the greatest. It was something Stephenie would write, but Bella's POV wasn't great, not as great as it could have been.  The perk? It was entertaining.
B0017JKEL8|5.0|Mad Men is one of the best shows I have ever had the pleasure of watching.<br /><br />Watching this show on blu-ray has been something I will remember for quite some time.  I missed the original airing of the show when it came on, and I was looking forward to watching the blu-ray.  Once I watched it I feel in love.<br /><br />As far as a blu-ray goes, this is perfect. The video is amazing, same with the audio, and it is stuffed with extras, including over 18 hours in audio commentary.  There is another extra that is 1 hour long that is VERY good, and I recommend checking it out after you finish watching the series.<br /><br />Overall Rating - 5/5 Stars<br />Video - 5/5<br />Audio - 5/5<br />Bonus - 5/5<br />Story - 5/5<br /><br />Bottom line?  Buy now!
031606792X|5.0|There's a good reason that this book is BREAKING records...it's awesome! Stephenie: PLEASE keep the series going!
1569242739|5.0|These recipes are wonderful, and like Veganomicon (buy this too if you don't own it!), the cookbook itself is well written, instructive and humorous.  There are also a lot of good pictures of the cupcakes too.  The recipes mostly use ingredients that a vegetarian or vegan would have on hand (though there are some rather \\"gourmet\\" cupcakes that might stretch the limits of your pantry) and the cupcakes cook up wonderfully.  I have brought them to work and to parties and my Omni friends and co-workers never knew the difference.  In fact, most asked for the recipes, and were stumped when I showed them!     So far, I have made:    Cupcakes: Golden Vanilla, Basic Chocolate, Mucho Margarita (OMG you have to try these!!!)  Icings: Chocolate Ganache, Chocolate Mousse, Margarita Glaze
0385340990|5.0|I read this book over one glorious weekend wherein I was transported by the author's transcendent prose into the very place and time that is the setting of this remarkable story. If you don't read this book, you will have missed out on the opportunity of a lifetime.
031606792X|5.0|I LOVED this book.  Why shouldn't books have wonderful and happy endings?  I would have hated it if it hadn't gone the way of true love and ever after. At first, I thought the end part of the book was a bit weak, but after I reread the whole book, I decided it ended just the way I wanted it to!
B00132D808|5.0|It took me a while to let Pretty. Odd. grow on me, and still some songs just don't do it. Their debut album was perfect, and this just wasn't what I was expecting. I think that people would have accepted this album with a lot more love if it had come out a year ago, before Across the Universe. The whole Beatles vibe had been done for the year, and that's a shame because this is a great album. Better timing could have gotten them a lot more kudos, but still a great album!
B0008ENHTE|5.0|The best car chase in all movie history!  They don't make movies like this anymore.
0345441184|5.0|I read this book years ago, in my 8th grade year of school. It's a big book, but it was so good that I just kept on reading. I could hardly put it down. I've been trying to get my hands on the book for a good price ever since i finished it (I had borrowed from the library). This book really got me into Arthurian legend. It was great, I'm in love with it.
B000U0F7RG|4.0|I like the series a lot but the case they came in was the stupidest case I've ever seen. I read the reviews that other people wrote about how it looked like a barbie doll case but I didn't understand exactly how badly they meant it. It actually looks like a box that a barbie might come in and it's the SIZE of a barbie box too! It's HUGE and has no place on the dvd rack where I keep my collection of other tv series.     Right out of the box I've had a couple dvd's that weren't really working well. When I put them in they were skipping and no sound coming from them. My husband took them out of the dvd player and cleaned them and then they worked fine.     My only complaint really is that through each episode you have to sit through (or fast forward) the opening song, \\"what happened previously on the Gilmore Girls\\" and then the end credits. It would be way nicer to watch the series straight through on dvd without having to watch what happened in the episode you JUST got done watching over again. It makes sense when it's showing on tv but not on dvd. So when watching, make sure you have your remote handy at all times so you can skip through half of the time.
B000AMJDHY|5.0|I don't think Panic will ever be able to live up to their debut album A Fever You Can't Sweat Out. It was great, incorporating classical music and electronic beats, which I'm a big fan of both. The songs had great lyrics, and it was all great for jamming to.
0385340567|1.0|This book was disappointing on many levels.  I hope Child can regroup from this poor effort.
031606792X|3.0|Please note that this is a 3 star rating on a Twilight Series 5-star rating system - for example this 3 star rating would be = to a regular 5 star rated book when not compared to others in the Twilight Series - so still a great must read!    Now, I gave it a 3 star because I couldn't peel my eyes away from it, it was an incredibly fast read - all 700+ pages of it and it sucked away all will to live a normal life until it was finished. That's a great read, but compared to the other 3 I didn't love this book the same. It had a very weird feel to it. Like SM got mixed up with her sci-fi style that she used for the Host, which was also a good fast read but left me with the same weird, unsettled feeling in my stomach. Sort of like going into the freak trailer at the fair (2 headed fetus, etc). That's not good for a classic love story feel. At one point I felt like it would be the product if someone were to mash Romeo & Juliet together with Rosemary's Baby. Sure, sure (as Jacob would say) its vampires and werewolves so you had to expect some paranormal weird stuff and I can handle that - BUT it could've been done with less sci-fi gory detail IMO. Maybe emphasized the beautiful aspects of it all a little better. In the end though it was a thoroughly enjoyable 2 days spent reading this last in the series and I'm horribly depressed to see it end and will be waiting with anticipation for the next of her works. (hopefully Midnight Sun?)
B000LW7OWE|5.0|Great music, great concert camera work, and great acting by Val Kilmer.  The only real negative is the focus on Lizard King persona, and not  enough real Jim. But overall worth watching w/ the volume set on high.
B0000648WZ|5.0|Now that Starship Troopers 3 is out on dvd, I would like to review the 1st ST movie. First of all I cannot believe there are almost 800 comments for this one film. Goes to show it hit a nerve on many levels.<br /><br />Now although I only have the widescreen version of this movie on VHS tape, I can still say it was one of the better, that's right BETTER war films ever made. Sure they use mainly small arms through-out this flick but that's what makes it a challenge. You couldn't very well make a good movie if they just nuked the entire planet the bugs were on huh? That doesn't make a very good story line either so that explains the small arms, plus the co-ed army makes for some enlightened moments. Although if you watch the shower scene, the film makers appear to be making sex sterile. As if a shower full of naked men and women wouldn't be thinking of sex, yea right.<br /><br />Beyond all that crap however lies a movie to be watched for what it is, purely entertainment. Plus it's always nice to see Denise Richards!!! That is at least the Denise Richards of the '90's.
B00005JPAO|5.0|Wow    I was blown away by her acting and I LOVED Tony Blair.    Great movie and beautiful scenery..      Loved it.
1401200605|5.0|As a old fan of the Batman series of comics, I was a little suspicious of \\"Hush\\" when I first saw it in a books store.    Let me say that my fears were unfounded.    I found myself, almost an hour later, still in the book store, closing the cover and searching for volume 2. The romance and action are all perfectly balanced, not to mention the masterful art of Jim Lee only adds to this masterpiece.    Even if you don't know everything about the history of Batman and Robin, all pertinent information is explained and elaborated on.     Even if you don't like Batman, this is the comic series for you.
B000BTGY1O|4.0|There is a lot of love for this movie; that is clear.  `Breakfast at Tiffany's' is usually heralded as a classic film, and has definitely proven to be Audrey Hepburn's most popular movie role.  Truth be told though, this is really nothing more than a romantic comedy; a very good one mind you, but nothing more.  In fact, don't hate me for saying this, but `Breakfast at Tiffany's' reminds me of the type of film I could see Kate Hudson or Jennifer Lopez doing in a year or two.  What makes this film stand out though as noteworthy and has helped garner it that `classic' status is the phenomenal performance given by Audrey Hepburn; a performance that utilizes her natural charm and charisma to create a character that is deeper than the film she inhabits.<br /><br />Hepburn plays Holly Golightly, a charming and illusive young woman who lives off the affections of wealthy men and dreams of finding a home that makes her feel as warm and fuzzy as the jewelry store Tiffany's.  Holly is not all surface though, for there is a past there that haunts and in a way motivates her current struggles for prominence.  Her character could have seemed generic and clich&eacute; ridden but Audrey's delivery allows the audience to relate to and understand Holly.<br /><br />So the story follows Holly as she forms a bonding relationship with her upstairs neighbor Paul.  Paul is a writer and a `kept' man, living off the generosities of the beautiful Mrs. Failenson (2-E).  Paul is fascinated by Holly, completely lost in his infatuation with her, and as their relationship grows so does his love for her, but Holly is not the type of girl you can just fall in love with because Holly is the type of girl afraid of her own heart.<br /><br />The script is expertly crafted, especially for a film in this genre so overburdened with clich&eacute;s and unoriginality.  Sure, there are many `familiar' plot twists, but the dialog and character development is sharp enough to forgive the films few missteps.<br /><br />The one thing that is hard to forgive though is the horrendous performance given by Mickey Rooney as the stereotypical apartment manager Mr. Yunioshi.  He's not even funny, and his over the top antics actually knock this rather enjoyable film down a notch.  `Breakfast at Tiffany's' could have easily garnered itself an `A' from me, for the makings of a cinematic classic are all here, but Rooney ruins the party and drops my overall rating down to a `B'.  What can I say; I just couldn't accept him here.<br /><br />There is no denying though that Hepburn is pure love (one of the greatest screen actresses of all time, and in my humble opinion far better than her sister) and her performance as Holly Golightly is one of her finest (I would have given her the Oscar that year).  George Peppard matches her greatness frame for frame as Paul, never allowing himself to fall out of minds eye but remaining in step with Hepburn.  Patricia Neal is also memorable as 2-E, delivering a sly and seductive supporting turn (glorified cameo?).<br /><br />In the end I can say that `Breakfast at Tiffany's' is truly a good movie, almost great even.  It has a lot of supporters and remains a cinematic favorite among many, and I can understand that.  In fact, had Rooney been written out of the script I may be obliged to place `Tiffany's' on my list of greatest romantic comedies of all time, for when you strip away that small sliver of mediocrity you have a glorious gem of a film.though is the horrendous performance given by Mickey Rooney as the stereotypical apartment manager Mr. Yunioshi.  He's not even funny, and his over the top antics actually knock this rather enjoyable film down a notch.  `Breakfast at Tiffany's' could have easily garnered itself an `A' from me, for the makings of a cinematic classic are all here, but Rooney ruins the party and drops my overall rating down to a `B'.  What can I say; I just couldn't accept him here.    There is no denying though that Hepburn is pure love (one of the greatest screen actresses of all time, and in my humble opinion far better than her sister) and her performance as Holly Golightly is one of her finest (I would have given her the Oscar that year).  George Peppard matches her greatness frame for frame as Paul, never allowing himself to fall out of minds eye but remaining in step with Hepburn.  Patricia Neal is also memorable as 2-E, delivering a sly and seductive supporting turn (glorified cameo?).      In the end I can say that `Breakfast at Tiffany's' is truly a good movie, almost great even.  It has a lot of supporters and remains a cinematic favorite among many, and I can understand that.  In fact, had Rooney been written out of the script I may be obliged to place `Tiffany's' on my list of greatest romantic comedies of all time, for when you strip away that small sliver of mediocrity you have a glorious gem of a film.
B000PDYVVG|4.0|My counselor recommended this book to me, and it's the first book I bought for my Amazon Kindle. I haven't yet finished the book, but so far I am enjoying it. I agree with reviewers who have said that the author seems self-absorbed, but come on, the book IS about her, and she does come to many self-realizations in her travels. I also liked the humor she employs in her descriptions.     When I first started the book, I was a little wary of the repeated use of the word \\"God.\\" As someone who is spiritual, yet not religious per se, I was at first concerned that the book would be another one to try to force the author's view down my throat. Fortunately, she didn't go in that direction. Oh, and the book DID help me find my own \\"word,\\" which I am finding very helpful in my counseling process.
B0017MO10U|5.0|Received the DVD yesterday and watched it last night, was so pleased with it, liked it even more than the Ark of Truth.  This story brings back the Goa'uld in a big way, right when you think they're going to be forever eliminated as a threat to Earth.  Tons and tons of actors from SG-1's 10 seasons are enlisted, and the storyline is awesome.  Too many times, TV shows that make a movie spend too much time giving the production a \\"movie\\" feel.  Continuum feels like a lost episode of SG-1 - time travel conundrums, what-ifs, and plenty of action kept me on my toes from start to finish.      Another plus, my girlfriend, who has only ever seen the original movie (Stargate) and Ark of Truth, really truly enjoyed Continuum and wants to watch the series.  I've owned every season set, then eventually sold them, so it sounds like I need to get the complete 10 season series!
B000TXZVGQ|5.0|One thing that I love about this show is that it does capture the essense of your teenage years. It puts a voice to the things that we are never able to say, if not out of fear, then just the inability to express it correctly. There are so many lines in this show that make you just stop and say, \\"Oh my God, that is exactly what it feels like!\\" I am glad that the show ended when it did, because it didn't have the room to become, like other teen soaps, a cheesy love triangle of get togethers and break-ups filling up the seasons. We are left to own imaginations.
B00005K9QP|3.0|I wrote my comments after I read someone saying Mayall had all these originals.  They are covers, and the originals are well worth listening to. At the time this release came out, BLACK artists were not allowed to play on US radio.  WHITE STATIONS called ALL BLACK MUSIC-- \\"RACE MUSIC.\\"  I can understand how a young kid in high school would 'really dig' this album.  I just wish there was a real effort to make the TRUE ORIGINALS heard, generally for the first time, by so many people who 'loved the blues' for '40+ years,-- back when this \\"64-ish\\" record came out into the racist, limited airwaves that were all kids could hear.. Its suprising how Jimi and many others were actually not ALL ORIGINAL, dont get me wrong, I love him TERRIBLE, and SRV, and MISTER CLAPTON!
031606792X|4.0|Overall, I liked the book. It was engaging. It had a coherent plot that held together, but it was anti-climatic.    The first 3 books presented the perfect story arc. To keep going is almost an insult to what came before. Sometimes stories end.    For a moment I thought Meyers was going to kill everyone off and spin off a new series with Jacob and the woman he imprinted on. That would have been sad, but also cool and it would've started a new storyline. A chance to explore the werewolf side of the mythology Meyers created, but Meyers blinked and let Bella have a fairytale ending.    Because the fourth book is so trite in its 'happily ever after ending' it is nothing more than an embellished epilogue. I still give it 4 stars because it was well-conceived overall, but the story really ended in book 3. This is why readers, even those who adamantly campaigned and lusted for more, are turning on the series. Sometimes we just have to let a story go instead of holding onto it with twisted, lovesick co-dependence.    Also, I think this fourth book is more adult than the others. If it weren't young adult, the sex level would be right up there with Laurel K. Hamilton's Anita Blake lovefests. There is a lot of offscreen sex in the fourth book. Granted, they are married and of age and thus fulfill the moral dictates of our culture, but even so, the erotic undertone was stronger than I would like for a teenager. This fourth book is all about sex and reproduction and the unintended consequences thereof. Which, I guess, you could make an argument that there's a moral lesson for kids in  that, but I think most kids wouldn't notice.    It will be interesting to see what Meyers does for book 5.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|I LOVED this book. The conflict of this story is far from what I expected. The continuous twists and turns of events were never what I had anticipated. I was on the edge of my seat throughout the whole book.  This book was definetly one of my favorite books in the Twilight series and by far one of my favorite books ever. All of Stephenie Meyers books have been truly riveting and I am sad to see them come to an end.
031606792X|5.0|I loved Breaking Dawn.  There were some twists that I was totally not expecting, but that is one thing I loved about it.    For those people saying that there were morality problems in the book; I think they have their morals backwards.  See, getting married, and then having sex, and then having a baby is the RIGHT way of doing things.  No matter what age you are.  May be 18 is too young for you or me, but it's not morally wrong.  It seems that a lot of people would have thought it more appropriate for Bella to have sex before marriage and then have an abortion.  Now there's morality.  And don't forget, Bella didn't plan this pregnancy, she thought it was impossible.  This was a surprise.  There is no suggestion that 18 year old girls should get married and pregnant.    As for the feminist being angry, that makes me like it more.  It is normal for a woman to love a man, or a man to love a woman so much that they are willing to sacrifice things.  Maybe not eternity, but this is a fairy tale.     I loved it, and I can't wait for Edward's point of view.  Great job, Stephanie!
031606792X|5.0|Just because a book is not what you expected, does not mean you should be overly critical of the author.  I found the easiest way to read BD is chapter by chapter....read a chapter, take a break to contemplate, and so on.  Yes this is a work of fantasy, but I must disagree with those of you who state there is no moral or value that can be obtained from reading this book.  It seems as if the negative reviews I have read seem to be extremely biased and focus on the superficial elements of the situations in the novel.  Some of you are overanalyzing just to look for negative messages.  If you have read the other books in the series as many times as you say you have, you would note that Bella is considered an old soul.  She is more mature than her peers in many ways and she is a rather constant person:  When she knows what she wants she does not change her mind.  Most people were happy with the Edward/Bella union, even Edward changing Bella into a Mythological creature, what is so difficult to understand that strange things occur in this mythological world?  I don't believe SM's message to young girls is get married and start having babies as soon as you can, but simply the natural route for these FICTIONAL characters.  Anybody, including 31 year old me, should be so completely turned off by that birthing scene and delay childbirth as long as possible.   For those who believe that Bella is a weak character who simply depends on her man for all the hard stuff contemplate this....who was protecting whom in the final confrontation with the Volturi?  Bella, not only was she protecting her husband and child, but she was protecting everybody who decided to stand up for Cullens.  She became a truly strong female character within her own right....nobody understood the depth of her talent and she just sucked it up and did what was right.    I believe the relationship between Edward and Bella in this book was phenomenal...no longer were we witnessing two people who were completelymismatched, one of which was at the scary stage of teenage infatuation, but equals....alot of people take for granted that things will stay the same when you marry your one true love as well as when you bring children into the picture, but our relationships change as our circumstances change.  The change in Edward and Bella's relationship post vampiric change shows this completely....how can you ignore the beauty of growing together past the first pangs of romantic love into a love that is much more realistic in this world filled with fantasy?
031606792X|2.0|This book was a huge disappointment. One of my irritations with the book is lack of conflict and hard problem-solving. 750 pages of \\"happily ever after\\" is a bit too saccharine. It was annoying to see problems too easily resolved and other potential problems  ignored. The plot has no real conflict and whatever potential hardship fizzles into a happy, easy conclusion.Why did the author think the audience wanted to be spoon-fed a fairy-tale, \\"happy ever after\\" story? By the time I finished the book I wanted to throw-up with all of the sugar and hardly any substance.    Another problem I have with the book is that the characters in this book are cardboard, 2-D. The author of this book made it too easy and convenient for the main characters and they had no hard decisions to make. Bella gets everything she wants, and her character in this book reminds me too much of the main character (Wanda)in the author's book \\"The Host\\" where the characters have no \\"true,\\" endearing qualities. It was thoroughly annoying to read about Bella's completely self-sacrificing attitude all the time. Where were her flaws in this book? How convenient that everything worked out perfectly for Bella, Edward, and Jacob.    This book and the author's other book \\"The Host\\" have left me without a desire to buy (let alone read)any of this author's future works.
031606792X|4.0|Let's get over the obvious--if you're here, looking at this book, you've most likely already read the other three in the series and will read this one, too.    Here's what you should know before you do:  1. It is well written.  Not perfect, but not horrible.    2. Despite what some may say, the characters do act according to their established personalities.  I found some of the other reviewers saying the opposite, but I can only guess they were put out that Meyer's characters didn't act as they wished they would.  Edward gets depressed and protective (a lot), Bella whines and swoons(a lot), and Jacob gets depressed and sarcastic.    3. Part of the book is told from Jacob's perspective, which helped me connect more with his character.    4. If you really liked the over-the-top-description of Edward's 'magnificent' body in the other books, then you will like this one.    5. There is not enough action.  In fact, there is less action in Breaking Dawn then in any book in the series.  As the final book, there should be MORE.  I wouldn't mind so much if Meyer didn't have a habit of creating great potential for action and then shying away from it (Book 1=the fight at the dance studio, most of which Bella is unconscious for.  Book 3=the brawl between the newborn vampires and the werewolves, which Bella--and therefore the reader--is absent for, switching instead to a much smaller action scene).  BD is only slightly different in how it looses its action.  I won't spoil anything, but I will say that the climactic scene left me feeling like I did about Voldemort and Harry's final confrontation in The Deathly Hollows (build-Build-BUILD....fizzle).    5. After angering a portion of her readers by suggesting in Eclipse that there might be more than *one* someone for everyone, Meyer's does go back to the 'true love'/'one and only' sap.  I don't like that, but if you do, then enjoy.    6. There is sex.  It is not graphic, but it is there.  So if you're a conservative reader or a ultra-conservative parent screening for your children, be warned.    Overall, a good book.  While I didn't really like the way the story ended, I still couldn't see any major problem with it.  While disappointing, it still felt kind of....right.
B000YAA6AU|3.0|************         SPOILER            **************    First is my disclaimer:  I am indeed a \\"chick\\" and needed a good cry and a good laugh when I rented this.      I perpetually resist the nudges of my good girlfriends to dive into your typical girl movies.  This one, however, was too tempting to leave on the shelf.  The cast alone drew me in and I was not disappointed by their performances.  Some inconsistencies in the story, however, pockmarked them.      In the beginning of the film after Gerry has passed on it is difficult to sort out the relationships between Kudrow, Gershon, Swanks and the sister.  Holly refers to her sister by relationship, but the other two females who tag along don't seem like best friends; rather, they appear to be more like cousins, more distant sisters or friends from work.  The relationship between those three never seems believable or relatable.  Regarding the handsome one night stand, that particular scene is entirely out of context with Holly's character.  As one reviewer pointed out, why doesn't Holly, the grieving survivor of a 10 year marriage, know who her late husband's best friend is? That seems like a fairly major hole considering the role he plays later in the movie.       Apart from the above and several minor other objections, I thoroughly enjoyed the movie's \\"face value\\".  The couple is cute (if not exceedingly so) and witty.  Together and void of any outside influences they fit their roles well.  I enjoyed their chemistry enough to cry when Gerry died.  I also loved watching Kathy Bates as Mom.  It's very easy to imagine her as the steely eyed mother sans sugar coating that is slightly less than comforting towards her daughter, but no less devoted.     All in all, if it's that time of the month, this is a good choice.  My three stars is based almost entirely on hedonistic value and not on merit.
0061537934|5.0|I read this book in a single day as I couldn't put it down. Abolutely loved it.     Since then it's been, and still is, passing from friend to friend who have all enjoyed is as well.     Great summer read.
B00006AW2J|5.0|Following the bad year of 1967, which saw drug busts and the unsuccessful attempt to one-up the Beatles with \\"Their Satanic Majesties Request\\", the Rolling Stones needed to regroup.  They did, spectacularly.  The group made its fans wait an entire year for its next album, but when \\"Beggars Banquet\\" was finally released in December, 1968, it was evident from the very first track, the instantly-unforgettable samba \\"Sympathy For The Devil\\", that the wait was worthwhile.  The material is strong, and utterly without the psychedelic affectations which had weakened the previous LP.  As if to offset the references to the diabolic, \\"Banquet\\" includes a cover of the Reverend Robert Wilkins' Gospel parable \\"Prodigal Son\\".  \\"Street Fighting Man\\" (though it backs off from advocating any type of actual revolution) is an anthem of the times, and \\"Jigsaw Puzzle\\" a cryptic little portrait of the late Sixties.  \\"Parachute Woman\\" and \\"Stray Cat Blues\\" reflect the group's return to its bedrock blues base.  In Jimmy Miller, who would work with them through 1973, the band found the best producer it would ever have.  \\"Beggars Banquet\\", in short, marks the beginning of the roughly four-year period when the Stones were, both live and in the studio, the finest, most powerful rockers in the world.
B00005JPY0|3.0|I won't bother rehashing or summarizing the story line. I think at this point, if anyone doesn't already know it, they've been hiding in a cave somewhere.<br /><br />The movie is enjoyable; that's the real problem. It's merely \\"enjoyable\\".<br /><br />It's very big budget, and the production values are all right up there on the screen for all to see. The acting is first-rate; the special effects are awesome; the cinematography is Oscar level; I REALLY wanted to love this movie!<br /><br />The problem is, it's a sequel to a truly epic movie in the first installment, \\"Batman Begins\\". There was a broad and sweeping story arc in the first movie that simply isn't there in this one.<br /><br />As has been noted elsewhere, in this story we're essentially reduced to Batman dealing with the minutiae of battling a tough adversary, with none of the classic thematic elements of great drama. It's a small tale writ large.<br /><br />Yes, he runs into some logistical problems, but they seem to be addressed very facilely. His personal conflicts and love life are given very short shrift, which means his humanity as a character is undermined.<br /><br />But by far the biggest failure is in the philosophical underpinnings of the story. In the first installment, we watched his development at the feet of his mentor, who turned out to be a villain, and the conflict that entailed for Batman.<br /><br />There was an attempt in this film to raise similar issues in the guise of \\"vigilantism\\", but in trying to use such a nihilistic, chaotic and anarchic character as Heath Ledger's Joker as the foil, the effort failed... badly.<br /><br />What we end up with is a lot of cool gadgets, a lot of running around and shooting, a few attempts at misleading the audience with faked deaths, and not much else.<br /><br />Another unfortunate thought that occurs to me: so far, this series is following a similar pattern as the first series that started with Michael Keaton as Batman. A great first movie, in that case directed by Tim Burton at his peak. But that series went downhill episode by episode, until it ended up being almost as \\"camp\\" as the `60s TV series.<br /><br />I hope we're not seeing a repeat of that fiasco.downhill episode by episode, until it ended up being almost as \\"camp\\" as the `60s TV series.    I hope we're not seeing a repeat of that fiasco.
B00000DMJF|4.0|The Fab Four always respected their record-buying public, and adhered to their own standards as the flagship pop group of the era. Their quality control was tight. They never released a live album, for example, because neither the quality of the performance nor the sound would have been up to snuff. The \\"Let It Be\\" tapes sat on the shelf for months because the group weren't happy with them. Parlophone, their U.K. label, didn't put out an entire album of material that had already been previously released until \\"A Collection of Beatles Oldies\\" came out in 1966, and the title of that record clearly indicated to buyers what they were getting. Nevertheless, \\"The Beatles,\\" released in late 1968, clearly reveals a slip in quality from the top rung of the ladder. Many listeners give this the usual 5-star Beatle album rating, but I don't. Though high points abound (\\"Julia,\\" \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps,\\" \\"Blackbird,\\" \\"Helter Skelter,\\" et. al.), as the only double album the band released, it contains far too much half-baked screwing around in the studio. Paul McCartney's \\"Rocky Raccoon\\" (complete with bogus hillbilly accent) is one of his most overrated tunes, and no one can seriously argue that his \\"Why Don't We Do It In The Road\\" is anything approaching a decent song. For his part, John Lennon doesn't escape criticism, either; much of the record is taken up by his tape-recording experimentation (\\"Revolution 9\\"), which isn't songwriting, and really isn't that interesting, either, forty years later. The White Album reflects the growing fragmentation of the group; by this time, the individual Beatles were writing and recording separately from the others. Thus, the band's days were already numbered by the time this album came out.
0143038419|4.0|I do agree with many of the reviews here that the author is rather self-absorbed and seems to get hysterical over normal, daily things. However, as I got closer to the end, I noticed a more mature tone and a woman who was less obsessed with herself and more interested in the greater good. Worth the read, especially for the experience she has living in an Asrahm in India and with a medicine man in Indonesia. Both are chances very few of us will experience in our lifetimes.
B000002UDV|5.0|It's really difficult to overrate 1966's \\"Pet Sounds\\". Aside from its influence on other musicians (\\"God Only Knows\\" spurred on Paul McCartney, for example, in the game of one-upmanship between the Beatles and the Beach Boys during the late '60s), it remains, quite simply, one of the most enjoyable pop albums ever released--like your favorite cold beverage on a very hot day. Even the two instrumentals, \\"Let's Go Away For Awhile\\" and \\"Pet Sounds\\", fit into the sequencing perfectly. The other Boys may not have grasped exactly where Brian Wilson's head was at (there's not a single car or surfing song on the entire record), but they deliver vocally--listen to Carl Wilson's lead on \\"God Only Knows\\", and Mike Love's backing on \\"Wouldn't It Be Nice.\\" (If you want to spend a few more bucks, buy the \\"Pet Sounds Sessions\\" box, which contains outtakes demonstrating Brian's total control in the studio.) Not only the best album by this vital group, but, quite simply, one of the very best pop albums ever made.
031606792X|1.0|I don't know what Stephenie Meyer was thinking!  Was she on crack?  I loved the other 3 books in the series but this was too much.  I couldn't even finish it.  Another reviewer said it was like a cross between Romeo & Juliet meets Rosemary's Baby...I was thinking the exact same thing.  I am not a sci-fi fan and this book is definitely in that genre.  I enjoyed the other books because they weren't sci-fi.  I am HUGELY DISAPPOINTED!  I have never thrown a book away but this one's in the trash.  Good thing I only spent $13 on it.  I'm going to try to \\"block it out\\" and keep the good Twilight memories!
B000T05R8Q|5.0|The late great Syd Barrett was a genius of some sort and none more so than on this celebratory (is that a real word?) box set.   The mono mix of this set is cataclysmical with so many nuances I've never heard before and its nice to have b-sides and alternate takes all on one disc. Its all well worth it!  I know that Gilmour (hes a nice bloke)-era Floyd fans will hunt me down and tear me to bits when I declare that nothing Pink Floyd ever did, even all added together, comes close to \\"Piper...\\" but I think some will agree.   I'm sure more people were influenced by Syd era Floyd than the slow, turgid, non-sensical, depressing, boring, bland, po-faced, anal, stadium filling, downright audacious, humanity hating, multi-squillion pound (I could go on) behemoth of the 70s (hey, its my opinion!)and this set gives proof to that.  Its a terrific tribute to one of the great British psychedelic bands and Roger Waters actually plays some unbelievably interesting bass lines!    Long live Syd!
031606792X|5.0|I found the book enjoyable and fast-paced. It's not the most literary writing style in the world, but it draws you in, and I definitely wanted to keep reading.     Some of the things in the book may have seemed \\"unrealistic,\\" but guess what, it's a fantasy. Vampires and werewolves don't have to be realistic, because they're not real. It's fiction, people. Anything to happen.     Spoilers here...I'll just address some things other people have mentioned.     One of the biggest criticims I've seen is objection to Jacob's imprinting on Renesmee. Several times earlier in the book, Jacob commented on how random and irrational imprinting seemed to be. It isn't supposed to make sense.     The name Renesmee does annoy me a bit, but it's still better than the oh-so-creative Edward Junior, which is what the little nudger would have been called if it was a boy.     I don't see anything wrong with a happy ending. I did kind of want an actual battle to take place, but then, I didn't want anyone to die, either.     Overall, there were flaws, but Stephenie Meyer is human. She couldn't write a perfect book. I enjoyed reading it, and I was satisfied with the end, so I give it five stars.
B0012K1ILW|1.0|I have to say that I have ALWAYS anticipated the release of Erykah's albums. I respect her as an artist and her music has always taken me to a place where I can soul search. New Amerykah was a big disappointment. I respect that she has her own direction, but I was expecting to fall in love with her new album just as I have with the past albums. Her music used to make me feel good...this new album makes me feel uneasy and uncomfortable. I don't know where she was coming from when making this album, but I am truly disappointed. It's not the Erykah I was waiting for...
031606792X|3.0|I hear all you guys saying how terrible a book it was, so when I started it my expectations weren't that high, but I mean honestly? Yeah so Bella having a baby was a bad idea, and, well need I say anything other than, RENESME?!? But it was a lot like the previous books. But I really didn't like the concept of a baby intruding the happy picture i had painted bella and edward, i mean wasn't the whole point of her becoming a vampire so that she and edward could stay youthful together? now they have the responsibilities of parenting. but I quite enjoyed the whole part of bella becoming a vampire, and the wedding scene. it wasnt nearly as good as the other books but still it wasnt terrible.
031606792X|5.0|Spoilers ahead. . .    So I would have initially given \\"Breaking Dawn\\" one star. . .  I am a \\"Twihard,\\" as they say and attended a midnight release party with one of my best friends decked out with crystal hearts on our key chains and \\"Twilight\\" shirts.  I stayed up all night to read the book and when I hit the middle when Edward asked Jake if he'd be Bella's stud and then when Jake imprinted on Renesmee (the DUMBEST name I've ever heard) I decided that Stephenie had ruined the series and that I wish I'd stopped at \\"Eclipse.\\"    HOWEVER, I finished the book, thought about it over the weekend, and read it again.  Now I give it five stars.  Why?  Because I LOVE Edward (never liked Jake) and I LOVE romance.  And this book was filled with both Edward and romance.  At the end of the book, I liked Jake even less and loved Edward even more.    Yes, the Volturi left without a fight--I have theories as to why, but not time to type them now--and yes, everyone ended up happily ever after.  But happily ever after is a romance!!    Side note: to those who think that Bella, who never wanted a baby, becomes out of character when she is pregnant: Bella told Jake (when he offered to be the stud per Edward's request) that she wanted HER baby--the one that she and Edward created.  I love that!    I got over Edward's sickening request of Jacob--I can just imagine the pain Edward was feeling--and though I think that Jake's imprint on Renesmee is very weird, I like that it is resolved.    And I LOVE the end.  I love that Bella can use her gift to give Edward something special too.  I love that when she concentrates he can see her thoughts.    So, initially I was skeptical and disturbed, BUT I read it again and find that the things I love most about the \\"Twilight\\" series--Edward and romance--is abundant and satisfies me.
0345495004|3.0|This is a fascinating story based on fact about Mamah Borthwick Cheney and her struggles trying to be a wife, mother, lover, independent literary woman with her own career. All this during the early 1900s.<br /><br />The story is very well written and I certainly do not want to sway anyone from reading it with my three stars. My trouble with the story is Ms. Cheney herself; I found myself wanting to throw the book at the wall sometimes with her choices.  I found it so hard to read about a women who could voluntarily leave her children, time and time again, when she had so many signals & red flags warning her of the damage she'd be doing by abandoning them. I find myself mad at her, and perhaps that's a sign of a good author to evoke such emotion, but overall I did not enjoy reading this story.
031606792X|1.0|It's funny that so many of the responses to this book deal with \\"a message\\" being sent, a poor one, to young readers regarding love, life and being a woman. As I am far from being young, I think the more disturbing message being sent here is that any piece of poorly thought out crap can be such a success. I really enjoyed Twilight, found the dynamic between Bella and Jacob refreshing and the lack of \\"dazzling\\" Edward a highlight in my favorite book New Moon, and made it through Eclipse not so much minding if that had been the final installment. I was a rabid enough fan to shell out huge money to go to the Breaking Dawn concert/signing in NYC only to realize there over the roar of the squealing 13-15 year olds who were constantly triggered by either mention of the name Edward or Jacob, that Mrs Meyer was in actuality someone who got lucky and not the creative force I expected her to be. She found a great story concept and probably from lack of experience or perhaps skill, didn't know where to go with it. I had read through a multitude of questions posted by fans (on the MTV site) that she had sifted through and then chosen the few she would address at the concert, and a majority of the questions were smart, background of character type questions which she greatly ignored. In her defense she mentioned that she had just written the books, no great thought behind it, just coming up with scenarios in her mind like \\"what if vampires played baseball?\\". Only an amateur could put out the kind of nonsense in Breaking Dawn, and it broke my heart to realize that. I can't recommend this book to anyone, and I've recommended the earlier books to plenty of people. I'm happy for her success, but feel she's a flash in the pan and wish journalists would quit putting her name anywhere in proximity to that of JK Rowling.
0060899220|5.0|Great book - SO TRUE. Every word.   Easy read, and well written. Every cook or aspiring cook should read this book.
031606792X|3.0|I loved the 3rd book it was the best one yet and after that i most definatly could not wait for Breaking Dawn to come out, but i'm sad to report that i was actually more then a little bit disapointed by what happened in the last book.    Spoilers-  alright the very first thing that i really didn't like was how the wedding felt sort of rushed sorta like she should have tooken more time to tell us about everything leading up to the wedding and everything.    my next complant was how once Bella figured out she was having a baby the she didn't act more surprised or overwelmed like i would be if i had a kid at 18 with a vampire that she thought couldn't even have kids.    Rose kind of scared me a little the way she seemed to really care so little for Bella at first. i missed Alice through this whole book because 90 percent of the time she wasn't there, and believe me im no fan of Jacob but it was pretty funny when he kept telling Rose blond jokes cuz at that point in the book i hated Rose more.    Also i found it very predictable that Renesmee would want to drink blood when she was inside Bella i was literly screaming give it blood    Once Bella was a vampire it got better but the last battle was a little of a let down and the Jacob imprinting thing was gross.    But overall it was alright
0345495004|4.0|Saw this book on Today Show recommended by Hoda Kotb.  Enjoyed the book as I enjoy historical fiction. It seemed so historically accurate that I had to remind myself that it is fiction.  Didn't know much about Wright's personal life so the ending was a surprise.  Would highly recommend this book.
B0000AUHPK|2.0|It's a bit of a disaster, this movie.  I thought I ought to try and balance out the 5-star reviews that top the pile of most recent comments with a few of my own before anyone actually buys the DVD.  Rent it first, if you still can, and see what you think.  Like any movie from a book, it's bound to draw comparisons with the original story.  If you're not familiar with the story you might think oh, it's a bit odd, but not so bad.  If you are familiar with the story but you've never been to Yorkshire and met Yorkshire people, you still might think it's ok. If you can really get inside Bronte's Yorkshire, and the character and temperament of people you are likely to meet there, this picture is a joke. I'm sure Miss Bronte would titter at this effort to dramatize her novel. Juliette Binoche is woefully miscast and her acting is uncomfortably contrived in some scenes.  Ralph Fiennes is about as much a brooding Yorkshire gypsy with smouldering looks as I am a fairy princess; he's just plain psycho.  And where did that ridiculous house come from?  The Earnshaw's home sums it all up; it's as if a B movie director wanted to shoot a Hollywood version of the England of his imagination on a Culver City backlot without ever actually going there. Rather than gaunt, the house is almost funny, a parody of a gothic-horror Victorian villa. And to top it off, there are so many irritating small details.  Not only does the house look fake, but Fiennes wig isn't fit to stand close-ups and in one scene where a fire is supposed to be glowing in the hearth the light looks like it is cast from a lamp on one of those electric glow fireplaces you find in the hardware stores around Christmas.  Picky picky, yes, but irritating and destroying the chance for credibility. You don't want to be drawn to an actor's wig in an important scene.  So yes, it follows the book, but flippin' heck, sometimes it's like following one of those \\"compressed Shakespeare\\" plays.  You know, the entire works in 5 minutes.  You may have to pause the DVD once or twice for everyone to catch up on exactly who's who and what happened before the camera got there.  All a bit sad really.  Wuthering Heights is a fiercely dramatic story that is obviously difficult to compress into movie length and to play convincingly.  I'm still waiting for the definitive screen version to arrive.  It will be worth it.  In the meantime, this one is probably best forgotten.
B000NVIXDW|5.0|The guy's got a lisp (pronounced lithp).  Really...listen closely.  Still, it's a fantastic cd.
B0018AK9RA|1.0|After listening to Nostradamus several times, it's official, the worst Judas Priest recording to date.  I understand the idea of a concept album, but I am very dissapointed.  The songs are just long and boring. No catchy riffs, good screams or guitar solos.  If you are looking for classis Judas Priest, go back and buy classic Judas Priest.  Shame on the band for producing such a forgetable CD. Take a listen to the samples of each song, before you decide to buy.  I didn't do that, since I have been a long time Judas Priest fan and figured I would get a quality product.
031606792X|1.0|I am/was a big fan of the Twilight Series until I read this book.      -Spoilers Below-  Ok so it starts out alright, she's getting married she's going to collage, which, I thought, would introduce more time for the Jacob/Edward/Bella dynamic befor she turns into a vampire. I was wrong. She gets pregnant. She's an irresponsible 18 year old girl and she gets pregnant!! Suddenly she decides that the baby is the most important thing in her life, or almost. If I recall, in New Moon she tried to commit suicide because Edward left. That doesn't say motherly responsibility to me. And with the whole 'my heart swelled so it was twice as big' quote; I just felt like Stephanie was trying to tell us how wonderful having a baby was. I'm a 13 year old girl, honestly, I don't really care. (I'm using my moms amazon account to write this). And meanwhile, while she was pregnant we got a whole 200 pages or so of sci-fi. The baby inside of her was swelling up while she was dying. It sort of reminded me of the parasite thing in Stephen King's Dreamcatcher. I used to be anti-Jacob, but yay him for realizing that this pregnancy sucked! And, though it's weird he imprinted on Bella's baby, I'm happy he's just keeping it away from the main plot.    I didn't want the story to be about how Bella suddenly turns into the most responsible mom after she had a baby. I hate the baby. I want to murder it.   I wanted this to be a story about a pretty irresponsible 18 year old girl who is in love with a vampire, with a werewolf who also loves her. Also, I wish Bella turned into a vampire at the end.... or something later on... But now she's Mrs. Perfect Vampire With Everything!    Why am I still reading? I don't know. Maybe I hope that the baby will die at the end. That would be nice.
031606792X|5.0|We all knew how the book should end, how can anyone possibly be upset with a happy ending?
0061537934|4.0|Quick read!  I was unable to put it down!  It does make you wonder what your dogs are thinking at times!!!
031606792X|5.0|I absolutely loved Breaking Dawn. Nothing in the story disappointed me. I finished reading it in 2 days, and anxiously waited for my girlfriend to finish it. When she was done, she also expressed her love for the book. Never before in a book series, and this includes the 7 boy wizards books, has a series left me completely satified with the ending and choices that were in Breaking Dawn. For anyone not reading through the spoilers, give this book a chance. I read a lot of spoilers and outraged cries before I bought the book and after reading it I adored it and I'm prepping for my second readthrough.         ***Spoilers follow be warned!***          Sorry Jacob fans, I'm guessing a lot of angry people are Jacob fans, but the books were really all about Ed and Bell and I for one wanted to see them live happily ever after. Bella becoming a vampire also was never a doubt in my mind. There was too much hype and questions about what her power to be for Steph to not have her be turned, and the way she did it was completely unexpected!     In most fantasy series they usually end with huge battles and the turn that the face off took in Breaking Dawn with the Volturi was also unexpected and suprisingly for a guy like me who loves fight scenes, it worked really well!!! Nice to see a change from the norm.     And then there's Jacob and newcomer Renesmee. Who Jacob falls in love with people are disgusted but it's been explained in previous titles that imprinting can't be controlled, and even Quil imprints on a child, who will eventually grow up. I never liked Jacob as much as Edward but who he ended up with made me a lot happier than him being alone at the end. And her parents know who she will end up with and they know he can protect her. Nothing wrong with that IMO. And the outrage of the child born of Edward and Bella, honestly...I thought that was awesome! And the drama that follows kept me up in the middle of the night on work days! Stephanie Meyer only ever explained that vampire women can't have children, she never said anything about the men, and it's technically possible when you think about it.    I loved everything that Meyer wrote in this book and I don't think she could have done any better than this! If I could give it 6 stars I would! Darn you Amazon for your limited rating system =0)!!!
B000001EL3|5.0|An instant classic. In my opinion, this is the CD that got the band going. My favorite on the album, God of Thunder, played through my party almost all night. I highly reccomend this CD for all fans of the hottest band in the world, KISS.
0385509456|2.0|This book is not original.  It is not particularily moving.  It is not innovative, and it is most certainly not thought-provoking.  The New York Time's glowing review compares it to \\"The Sound and the Fury,\\" but where Faulkner's masterpiece uses mental disability to comment on the Southern lifestyle and the human condition, Haddon's novel merely declares the typical message that \\"being autistic is tough, but in the end things can turn out okay.\\" When I finished this book, I didn't have to sit and think about it; it had little more heft than a typical Mitch Albom story. In addition to its thematic mundanity, \\"The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time\\" overuses its quirky devices, contradicts its narrative style, ruins the plot of \\"The Hound of the Baskerviles,\\" and inaccurately explains the Monty Hall Problem.  Literature is all but dead, and praise of books like this is dragging it even further away from redemption.
0060245867|5.0|If You Give A Mouse A Cookie<br />By Laura Joffe Numeroff<br />Illustrated by Felicia Bond<br /><br />\\"If you give a mouse a cookie, he's going to ask for a glass of milk.\\"<br /><br />One thing leads to another in this cute picture book. When you get finished with all of the mouse's requests, he may just want another glass of milk.  And we all know what goes well with milk.<br /><br />Jill Ammon Vanderwood<br />Author: [[ASIN:142591098X Through the Rug]]<br />[ASIN:0979845548 Through The Rug: Follow That Dog (Through the Rug)]]
B001BODXW6|4.0|seriously...its like listening to half of a later SOAD song. i own both Serj's and Scars on Broadway albums and i miss SOAD so much. They are both way better together, singing together..and it seems like Daron has more time to play awesome guitar solos.    *lamest review ever, im in a hurry*...dont write a review if you have not the time.
031606792X|5.0|I honestly thought breaking dawn was the best book in the series. I really loved it. It was not what I expected.I was taken by surprise by all of the things that happened and for a minute there I thought I was going to hate it. Once I got over the shock though, I realized it was a very well written book and was the perfect ending to the twilight series. I didnt want it to end but im glad this is how stephenie chose to end it. I dont understand how so many devoted fans can go from screaming how much they loved the twilight series to saying they hate it and that breaking dawn is a poor excuse for a book. If they can turn on stephenie simply because they dont like how she wrote some things in the book, then they were never true fans. Stephenie Meyer ROCKS! :D
0380730405|5.0|How about that for a chat-up line?<br />When someone told me they called their daughter 'Rebecca' for the character in this novel, my curiosity was raised. It is beautiful. The story is of the mysterious and unsolved death of the first Mrs Maxim De Winter, Rebecca, and how her death is discovered, with far reaching consequences for an entire community. Mrs De Winter (the second one) got slightly on my nerves, but because she is so bland and neutral (and nameless!), she forms a perfect vehicle to narrate the story. Her gradual uncovering of the secret is our journey of discovery as readers. Her subsequent self-deception, however, does not fool the reader one bit.<br />Of course this novel contains one of the most famous opening lines in literature: 'Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again'.<br />Beware: if you don't like detailed and moody description, this is not the novel for you.
031606792X|4.0|Breaking Dawn took me twice as long to read as the previous three books, and not because of it's size. I didn't decide until the very last sentence that I did enjoy the read.     I don't read the Twilight series because they're deep or great literature, I read them because they are fun. This series it the ultimate guilty pleasure. Is Bella a Mary-sue? Absolutely. It the story line ridiculous? Of course. What exactly were you expecting?     Breaking Dawn is illogical, full of plot holes, and poorly written, but juicy and entertaining. It ended as I suspected with happy ending all around (albeit some of them are icky).    If you feel the way I do about Twilight, New Moon, and Eclipse, you'll find you love Breaking Dawn just the same.
031606792X|5.0|I am absolutely shocked at all the negative reviews! I expected to see nothing but four and five stars out here. Stephenie Meyer provided a fantastic, entertaining story.  This novel expanded upon plot lines from the previous novels.  The characters struggled with more mature issues while remaining true to their underlying traits and virtues. I was so thrilled to have a happy ending.  Thank you, thank you, THANK YOU Stephenie Meyer for not killing off any of my beloved characters!!!  You are and will remain one of my favorite authors.  Keep doing what you do so well.
031606792X|4.0|I just finished Breaking Dawn about an hour ago and I must say I loved it! I thought it was the best in the series! I refused to read anything about the book until I read it myself, and now I'm glad I did! I've read through a bunch of the reviews now that I've finished the book and they're quite shocking! Before I continue I'll warn others of the *SPOILERS* that will be in this review.    First of all I'm really glad she started the book off with the wedding because I'll admit I was a little afraid SM would drag it out and end it with that. I especially liked it because when all this \\"happy stuff\\" is happening right at the beginning it's almost suspenseful because you know  something will go wrong eventually!    When Bella finds out she is pregnant it was quite a twist and I will even admit I was skeptical. But it was never stated in any of the other books that it was not possible. We all just assumed(characters included) that it was not a possibility. And it made this book a little darker than the others which I really liked!    Now I do have to say I was a little crazy during Book 2(Jacob's story). I do believe it was necessary in some ways but I was so anxious to get back to Bella!     A lot of people didn't like the fact that Bella was just a young \\"immature\\" girl and than all of a sudden was so motherly. But isn't that how it works in real life? At least for the most part? I mean you grow up not having to worry about anything but yourself(not completely, but you know what I mean) and than you have a child and they become one above yourself. It's just a maternal instinct to love and protect your child even if that meant risking your own life. As Bella was willing to do.    Renesmee? Ah yes, it's not a very practical name but I do believe that was the point! It wasn't meant to be practical. It was something that meant something to Bella. And even Jacob makes fun of the name...like I said that was the point. But it was a bit annoying to read...I'll admit.    And Jacob imprints on Renesmee. Yes, a bit weird but you can't look at it the wrong way. We always knew Jacob would imprint on someone. And doesn't it make sense that if he can't have Bella he could have someone who was part of her? I could see how this would bother people but I liked this twist.    I could probably go on and on because I truly am saddened by all the harsh words to this great book but, I will just end with my opinion of THE END.    Yes, it was a perfect happy ending! What is wrong with this? May I remind everyone that this was a fairytale! A slightly dark one but a fairytale! I must say I would have been very disappointed if this had some horrible depressing ending! Yes, sometimes that makes a good story but it just didn't seem appropriate for this story. Bella had gone through so much and fought so hard for what she wanted would it have been fair to give her anything less that a happy ending?    In closing, if you didn't like the book that is your opinion. But to the people who haven't read the book yet...please don't let the bad reviews scare you away! Read it and than decide for yourself!
B0017VG69U|4.0|Why didn't paramount release it in HD/DVD duel like they did the first one?  I mean those who don't have HD can still watch it in regular def.  They should have made it HD/DVD duel.
031606792X|2.0|So I will not rehash the plotlines since it has been mentioned over a thousand times in all the previous reviews.  I will however give my opinions on what I think of the final conclusion to the Twilight saga.  Suffice it to say, I've never been so let down in my entire life.  It might sound a little extreme seeing as how this is just a book, but since the beginning, Twilight has completely consumed my life with its characters and tones and I was helplessly in love with it.  I, just like almost everyone in the Twilight fandom, had been eagerly anticipating and counting down until the day the final book was released.  Now after reading Breaking Dawn I felt like I've been doused with an ice cold bucket of water that snapped me out of my Twilight daze.  There were so many WTF reactions to the randomness and out of character plotlines that it left me numbed.  Breaking Dawn no longer encapsulated the essence of the romance that came to be in Bella & Edwards ever since Twilight began.  What we were left with were ideas seeming to be thrown in on a whim in order to achieve an ultimate happily ever after.  Well let me just say that the end DOES NOT justify the means.  I don't care how happy Bella and Edward (and pretty much everybody in the Twilight world) were by the final letters of Breaking Dawn, everything leading up to it felt like I was in the Twilight zone.  A good story was sacrificed for its sake.<br /><br />I'm a little disappointed in Stephenie right now and that isn't easy for me to admit because I was a huge fan of her works (especially after reading The Host.)  I'm pretty sure her publishers/editors and personal critics were to blame also for not being honest with SM.  But this didn't even feel like it was written by the same person.<br /><br />This is my personal opinion, but to those who gave this book a 4/5 stars and praising it.  If you truly loved this book then good for you, but if you rated it just to counter all the 1-2 stars that were given by other reviewers then I hope you think twice about it.  I haven't completely abandoned Stephenie because I'm willing to give her another chance.  However I will not resist to rate her books the rating that it deserved.  As a fan it's my duty to tell her if her work stinks so that she may draw from this and improve on her ideas in the future.<br /><br />Also, just for my own self satisfaction, I still need some closure to the Twilight story so I will be writing my own ending book.  But as far as Stephenie's version is concerned, for me, Twilight ended with Eclipse.hope you think twice about it.  I haven't completely abandoned Stephenie because I'm willing to give her another chance.  However I will not resist to rate her books the rating that it deserved.  As a fan it's my duty to tell her if her work stinks so that she may draw from this and improve on her ideas in the future.    Also, just for my own self satisfaction, I still need some closure to the Twilight story so I will be writing my own ending book.  But as far as Stephenie's version is concerned, for me, Twilight ended with Eclipse.
B00005ASGG|5.0|One of the best John Wayne movies, and Stewart is miscast, but still does a fine job.
B000001ESF|1.0|This album, if I may be blunt about it, is a complete and utter flying dog turd. The big hype is the \\"epic\\" 20-and-a-half minute self-titled track. I wanted to take it safe and just hear it on Youtube before I considered buying. WOOOOOOOOW am I glad I didn't waste my money on this garbage! Nothing stuck out at all, except for the whiny, annoyingly high-pitched vocals, and that I was completely wasting my time.     Everyone I know on Yahoo! Answers seems to rave Neil Peart's \\"superior drumming.\\" Where the hell is it? I don't hear nuthin' superior from ANY of the instruments. I didn't even bother to listen to the lyrics, knowing I'd have to try and interpret what the horrendous singer was saying, and I didn't feel like listening. Apparently, it's a buncha cheesy sci-fi crap anyway. I REALLY don't see the inspiration for other prog-rock bands in Rush (except maybe James LaBrie's ear-piercing vocals for Dream Theater). Symphony X and the aforementioned Dream Theater blows these twats out of the water in terms of lyric writing, instrumental talent, and making good, interesting, and enjoyable 20-minute+ compositions.
B0000524CY|5.0|Want some fear?  This is the movie for you.  The music will haunt you for the rest of your life.
B000001FDQ|1.0|Okay, let me begin by saying that I'm not just here to bash Yngwie, I actually bought this CD, and I am here to hopefully save people from wasting their money on this soulless tripe because I was misled by some people on the internet who claimed he was good, and even, in some cases, A FREAKIN' GUITAR GOD! Lemme tell ya, he is faaaaaar from that. He plays the same speedy hammer-ons and pull-offs over and over again.     When I first heard this album, the slow, majestic opening notes of \\"Black Star\\" had me entranced, but then he sped up and never slowed down until the closer, aptly titled \\"Farewell,\\" which sounds just like the slow opening of \\"Black Star.\\" That's seriously about all I remember. Otherwise, this album just blows by with nothing else memorable about it. I like speed, but damn, I like something catchy and fast, like DragonForce or Symphony X, not some guy who just likes to show off that he has speedy fingers. Joe Satriani's more my kinda instrumentalist guitarist because he actually has RHYTHM and SKILL.     Really, sorry if it seems like I'm bashing him just cuz I don't like him, but I'm really trying to back this up with my musical experience with this CD, which apparently \\"blew the doors open for other neo-classical guitarists.\\" But I just don't see or get it.
B00005JL2O|4.0|If you liked Austin Powers, then you will like this movie.  But, it has some bad parts.
031606792X|5.0|I find it very sad to see all the critical reviews of this amazing book. Maybe some of the messages that could be taken from this book weren't the best ones for younger teens, but I think this story ended exactly how Stephenie wanted it too. And some of the things people are complaining about, aren't realy that far off from normal. Bella and Edward wanting to have sex all the time, as newlyweds, that's pretty normal. Bella wanting to do everything to protect her child, most women feel that way. These are just a couple of things that I found people so upset about, but they're normal things. I loved the book, I thought it was wonderfully written and had a beautiful ending. Bella and Edward deserved their happy ending. I was terribly sad to see my favorite series end, but I am happy with the way it ended. This is the way Stephenie wanted it to end and I'm happy with it. But that's only my opinion.
B000VZYVOK|4.0|I remember early 1994 when I first heard the song \\"Linger\\". I was impressed by the depth of feeling in a song from a very young (early 20's) Irish rock group. \\"Dreams\\" as the joyful song of the album, is their other greatest early song. The album comes across as typically Irish:  melancholy and somber. I was impressed by the authentic and traditional Irish sound on the album. Lead singer Dolores O' Riordin has an exceptionally good singing voice. This re-release includes addition material that didn't make it onto the final cut of the album.
031606792X|4.0|I was a little disappointed with this book.  I LOVED the first three and I feel like Stephenie really dropped the ball with this one.  The characters seemed so \\"off\\".  It was like a totally different person wrote this book.  I kept saying, \\"Umm... is this for real?\\"  I kept wanting to check the front cover of the book to make sure I was definitely reading the right book.  I don't hate this book, like I've seen a lot of other people say, but it definitely wasn't my favorite.  It seemed like she was just using this book to set up the story for more books about different characters.  I'm still a die-hard Twilight fan, and I will continue to read Stephenie's books, and I hope other fans will continue to read her books even though they don't like this one.  I hope everyone will try to give this book a second chance.  It took me a while to decide that I actually liked it.  I think it takes time to calm down from the initial shock of being so disappointed.  Overall, I liked this book, but the other three were definitely better!
031606792X|2.0|I loved the first three books and couldn't wait for this one.  Now I wish the series had ended with Eclipse.  The first three books stressed sacrifice and making choices. Edward or Jacob?  Mortality and family or Immortality? No one has to lose anything here - everyone has everything they want fall relatively easily into their laps.    The writing here is also a let down.  Much of the story reads like bad fanfiction.  Like, first, Bella and Edward get married.  Then the have lots of sex and then, like, they have a mixed vampire baby...  Edward is technically dead.  No beating heart, no circulating blood.  No mixed vampire babies.  And the way Jacob is released from his love for Bella?  Not just a cop-out, but also rather disgusting when you stop to think about it...  Very disappointing.
031606792X|5.0|I don't know why people are giving this 1 star.  There had to be parts for people to give it at least a mediocre rating.  Didn't the majority of the people want a wedding, Bella's vampire transformation, and a happy ending for Bella & Edward?  The book definitely delivered on what most people wanted.  The ending was great and it made you feel like you could move on without the yearning for another book.  It makes you feel like you have closure.  So, maybe no one major was killed off.  If SM would have killed off a couple of main characters, people would have still given it a horrible rating because they would have been mad about that.  I'm glad SM wasn't afraid to write a happy ending.  I recommend this book!  I really loved it!!
B00127RAJY|5.0|I absolutely love this dvd! Jillian promises results and she isn't lying! I've done this workout for about 3 weeks now (with the exception of two days) and the changes in my body are great! I've dropped a dress size (although I've only lost about 5 lbs) and I've even noticed an increase in my strength and stamina. I wasn't really big on exercise before I began this \\"shred\\" but I was able to keep up and I have never before sweated in my life the way I do after these work-outs! I have not yet reached level 3 (it looks somewhat intimidating) but I can't wait for even more of a challenge. Definitely worth the money. Other reviews list the long, unavoidable intro as a con, but I just use it as extra stretching time. Stick with it and you'll definitely see results! Thanks Jillian!
031606792X|5.0|I'm a bit older then the targeted readers and I loved this book.  It ended exactly how I would have wanted it to.  This is a teen love story that many adults are expecting to be a big production.  The right things happened and the twists were a nice addition for the version I had in my head!  I find this book delivered EXACTLY what it was meant to. Worth the buy!
B000002J2F|5.0|I'm not a Genesis fan from the 60's. I've grown to love that music, but my first exposure to Genesis was ..And Then There Were Three. Yes, I was a late comer, but a complete enthusiast of all things Genesis going back as far as the.... genesis of Genesis?? So.. here we have Duke. ONE LONG SONG. Break it into singles if you must, this entire album... side A, side B, is one song and it is delivered perfectly. Put it on, lie back and listen... and you won't stop until it's over. From the moment it begins until the second it ends, it is pure perfection. Any album I can fall asleep to..... well, that speaks volumes. Consider where they were in their growth as a group. It's an amazing collection of music. If someone put me on a desert island and told me I only have five albums I could bring with me... this would be one of them.
031606792X|5.0|I will admit that this book caught me off guard many times over.  Predictable?  I think not!    First off, I loved the book!  I truly do.  It was a great story and it had me wrapped up for almost 12 hours of my life.  I don't wish for a moment of that back.      For everyone who is criticizing the book: thank you for your opinion.  I'm sorry that you didn't like it much.  However, dragging this book and Stephenie Meyers through the mud will do none of us any good.  Why not celebrate that we got a resolution at all!?    I do believe that it should have been more on developing Edward and Bella's relationship as a married couple before throwing in the baby.  Eighteen is rather young to be getting married, let alone having a baby.  I would have liked to see them develop more as individuals before the baby came along.  I would have been begging for sex too if my husband was keeping it from me on our honeymoon!  That doesn't make Bella immature--it's just what's expected on the honeymoon, so how could someone NOT want it?  They've been dancing around sex for three books.  About damned time they had some!  Too bad so many young people read this book.  A juicy scene would have been very nice.  ; )    I was rather shocked at the pregnancy.  However, what other plausible excuse could there be to turn Bella into a vampire (for Jacob and others) other than to save her life?  I mean, Edward wasn't going to give in easily, and Bella was intrinsically afraid to become one (as she should have been).  Saving her life gave Edward a real, tangible reason to turn Bella into a vampire without further hesitation.  I, for one, would have been rather bored if Edward and Bella had danced around the issue while they twiddled their thumbs through college.  Not only that, but I would have been upset if Bella hadn't been turned to a vampire until the end of the book due to some new nemesis popping up.    Now, onto Nessie.  I... am not a fan of her true name.  It just read wrong to me.  However,that's not my decision to make and when I write my own stories I can create whatever names I want for my characters.  Nessie was a bit two-dementional, but really, what can you expect from a baby character that grows at an incredible rate?  I truly have no real opinion of Nessie other than I sort of wish she could have been a part of book 5 or something.  She showed up a bit too soon for me.  And Jacob imprinting on her actually makes sense to me.  During the book, Bella is ridiculously happy around him, and he is drawn to her.  Once the baby is out, he is no longer drawn to Bella at all, but rather to the child.  It was as if him loving Bella kept him around just long enough to get to be with Nessie.  It's not sexual; it's just him wanting the very best for her.  I don't see anything wrong with that whatsoever.  Besides, a line from the book basically states that the wolves imprint on those who have the potential to make the offspring stronger.  What else could make them that much more invincible to vampires besides a hybrid wolf mating a hybrid vampire?  It's like it's that much more armor to add.      I felt that we got to know a different side of the Cullen family in this book.  Before, it was always from an outside source--Bella coming over and hanging out.  However, we get to see the INNER WORKINGS of the Cullen family as a coven of vampires.  We got to see what they did with their time, and got to know the members that much better.  Jasper is a worry-wort, but is drawn to happiness.  Emmett is easily the coolest freaking vampire ever with his amazing sense of humor, and Rosalie took on an actual personality in this book by deflecting blonde jokes ala Jacob.  Alice did take a step onto the backburner in this book, but having gotten to know her so well in books 2 and 3 made that fine for me.  Esme and Carlisle also took a step back, and, again, that was necessary for the plot to develop further.  This was incredibly exciting to me because this avenue was previously unexplored and we only knew bits and pieces of their lives.  And we finally meet the much talked about Denali's!      Throughout the ENTIRE SERIES, the protection of life has been something that is a cornerstone of each book.  Hell, Edward wants Bella to keep her humanity so badly that he thwarts her many attempts to convince him otherwise.  Jacob's existence--and that of his pack--is solely to protect the lives of innocent humans.  Esme attempted suicide after the death of her child, while Rosalie regrets never having the chance to even have any after her gang rape and almost death.  Rosalie was mad that Bella was giving up her shot at motherhood for a life she wouldn't have asked for herself.  Esme would have not lambasted her for it, but Carlisle and Esme collecting their young vampire family sated her need for children.  When Edward and Bella consummate their marriage, no one in their right mind believes they could have children, so why take precautions?  When she does conceive, it was completely believable to me that she would not abort the baby and turn to Rosalie for help to keep Edward from doing so.      And talk about sacrifice!  I keep reading about how she didn't have to give up anything.  She gave her very life for that of Nessie.  Of course, she had Plan B: Vampire, but it was still iffy if they could save her in time.  She became beautiful, and had a special power.  Why is that so unbelievable to some people?  She's been special the whole series, repelling the powers of the most feared vampires in the Volturi and creating controversy and wonder.  How could that not manifest and become greater after something so incredible as a physical transformation occurred?  Was it supposed to leave her?      Overall, this was a fantastic read.  While there are aspects I don't truly like about it, I can overlook those aspects because I truly liked many other parts of it.  Don't let other reviews sway you.  It's easy to become a part of Mob Mentality.
031606792X|5.0|Spoiler Alert!    Breaking Dawn is Bella's happily ever after.  I love the way Stephanie Meyers wrapped it all up.  I say, \\"So, what if Bella gets her happy ending.\\"  The book is about Bella after all.  If Bella stayed human after all the talk about Edward being her one true love, it wouldn't make any sense.  The story of Rosalie laid the foundation for the Renesmee story line and Stephanie Meyer did a great job making it conceivable.   It might not seem likely for some readers, but this is a fictional book after all.  How much of this story is true to real life?      Breaking Dawn is darker than the first three books of the series, but look at Harry Potter.  It is only reasonable that the story will become darker towards the end when Bella has to face more challenges and danger.  It's a natural progression.  Unfortunately, you can't please everyone and since this is the last book of the series, it is expected that some fans would be disappointed.  In the end, the majority will love this book and the happily ever after.  My congratulations to Stephanie Meyers on a job well done.  I only wish there was more to the story!
031606792X|5.0|We have read all of the books many times and we enjoyed the closure Breaking Dawn gave us. Thank you Stephenie Meyer for giving us the happy ending we were looking for.
B000PC8AFU|5.0|For those who have panned this CD, I just have to quote the great Artie Shaw.  -->  \\"Go away!\\"    What a treat to hear the SRV's hot licks on the LIVE, \\"Albert's Shuffle\\" with Albert Collins.    \\"Goin' Down\\" with Jeff Beck. It's a challenge to tell who is who, but 'Becky' is playing his butt off, to stay up with the kid from Texas.    \\"Change It\\" is such an under rated jazzy, little rocker. Melodic vocal -Stevie just has such a soulful voice and on this live version which he sings perhaps better than the original studio track.    All the songs have something special. I would advise, to get away from the typical speakers, get some decent headphones and really listen to   what is going on...    Fantastic. A Solid Five Stars.  An excellent Live album that hasn't been fiddled with in post production.  Get those headphones and find a quiet corner to listen and enjoy.
031606792X|5.0|I would have to agree with a lot of people who were a little upset reading this book. I got angry as I read and wondered what in the world had happened to the series i liked, but i decided to take a step back and not read for a while. I did this and thought to myself, everything i wanted to happen is happening, just maybe not the way I thought it should, which my name is not Stephenie Meyer, so it really does not matter what i thought should or should not happen. I was shocked by a major event in the book and shouldn't i be pleased with that? Would i have wanted to read a 200 page book where Bella was changed and they lived happily ever after just like that? No probably not. With Victoria gone and Bella changed there would have been NO story. Something had to happen, and it did, it was unexpected, and my first reaction was \\"that CAN NOT happen\\", but it did, and by the last \\"book\\" of the Breaking Dawn i was happy, and i felt closer. Harry Potter did NOT give me that, and i still have not been able to reread those books, but i think i could give Breaking Dawn another read within the near future and still enjoy the end, maybe not what brought me there, but the end itself.
0316067938|1.0|I created a review for this book back when it came out, and I was clearly high when I wrote it!<br /><br />Lets start out with the positive: Meyer created her own world and vampire mythology. After that the story (and the series as a whole) goes downhill from there.<br /><br />Firstly, who edited this book? I love multiple perspectives when done right, and this wasnt done right. I shouldnt flip between characters and have the same information regurgitated with only small pieces of differing information throughout. The reader can actually skip huge chunks of the story and still know exactly what is going on within the story. The only POV character that wasnt static was Jacob, so thats the portion of the book that I enjoyed. So that being said, the books 700+ pages could have easily been pared down to 200 to 300 pages.<br /><br />My second issue with the book is that there was no research done. In all the books there was no research done! Im not talking about Masters level research; Im talking about a quick google search. Saying a small island is on a certain side of a land mass when that land is clearly landlocked is a pretty big, huh moment. I didnt realize the mistake until someone pointed it out because I actually skipped over that part. Also, what does Russet colored mean to Meyer? Not all Native American are reddish-brown, and again, a quick google search would have confirmed this. I get this is a fantasy novel, but its an urban fantasy which means she shouldve had some real-to-life facts. For instance, she pulled in actual vampire lore to flesh out the mythology of her vampires, but didnt note that some of the legends she pulled from had nothing to do with vampires: Supernatural beings, yes, but not vampires. She also tried to add some genetics into the mix, but I kept thinking, I dont think that works how you think it does.<br /><br />She crammed so much of this new information into this last book that she didnt seem to realize it contradicted what she said in prior books. For instance, vampire venom replaces all fluids in the body. So, how did Bella get pregnant without turning into a vampire? Vampire men can continuously reproduce while Vampire women cant reproduce. How is that possible? Her reasoning is that Vampire womens bodies dont change even though they genetically changed when they became vampires. Also, how was the ability for male vampire to mate with human females a surprise? Was Meyer saying that in the entire world only two male vampires decided to try out human females? But, that couldnt be possible because theres all this exposition about why female vampires cant mate.<br /><br />My biggest complaint has always been Edward's and Bella's behavior. Bella isnt mature, nice, or caring. She describes those around her in the most unflattering ways, including her friends. She actually admits that shes manipulating Jacob! She states that she cant let him go when in actuality she could, if she was really the adult everyone claims she is. She also doesnt consider her fathers feelings and expectations. So, to me she acted like a stereotypical teen who thinks she grown. Edward is a stalker and does everything an abuser would do, except hit her. He ripped the engine out of her car because he wasn't okay with her going places he didn't approve, isolated her from what friends she did have, and made his family her whole world...She decided to jump off mountains.at she said in prior books. For instance, vampire venom replaces all fluids in the body. So, how did Bella get pregnant without turning into a vampire? Vampire men can continuously reproduce while Vampire women cant reproduce. How is that possible? Her reasoning is that Vampire womens bodies dont change even though they genetically changed when they became vampires. Also, how was the ability for male vampire to mate with human females a surprise? Was Meyer saying that in the entire world only two male vampires decided to try out human females? But, that couldnt be possible because theres all this exposition about why female vampires cant mate.  My biggest complaint has always been Edward's and Bella's behavior. Bella isnt mature, nice, or caring. She describes those around her in the most unflattering ways, including her friends. She actually admits that shes manipulating Jacob! She states that she cant let him go when in actuality she could, if she was really the adult everyone claims she is. She also doesnt consider her fathers feelings and expectations. So, to me she acted like a stereotypical teen who thinks she grown. Edward is a stalker and does everything an abuser would do, except hit her. He ripped the engine out of her car because he wasn't okay with her going places he didn't approve, isolated her from what friends she did have, and made his family her whole world...She decided to jump off mountains.
031606792X|5.0|First I would like to say I am 46 years old, and have read the Twilight saga three times. I fell in love with these books along with my sister, my 21 year old daughter, my 19 year old niece,and many of their friends. I could't wait to get my hands on this book.I purposely did not read any spoilers,reviews, or the first chapter of the book as I did not want anything or anyone else's opinion to spoil my experience. I am so glad I did that because these negative reviews are ridiculous. This book was everything I could have hoped for and more. It was a total roller coaster ride. I was filled with joy then sorrow during the honeymoon. I found myself holding my breath, at times clenching my hands, and I laughed at loud throughout the book. I think Stephenie Meyer creates great dialogue and chemistry with her characters, whether they love or hate each other. Reading the back and forth between Rosalie and Jacob was just terrific. I loved how all the characters grew and matured from the previous books. My only complaint is that I wish she would have done two books,so that we could have enjoyed more with the other Cullens and wolves,and there is so much more to be said that hopefully Stehphanie can bring us back to this fantasy sometime in the future. I am sure she needs a rest because I am emotionally exhausted after reading this fantastic story.  PLEASE people read this book again, without your own preconceived notions and your \\"the wrong message\\" garbage attached to it. RELAX and enjoy the ride. Life is too short to take things so seriously.
031606792X|1.0|I guess feminism failed to impact SM's determined plot line. Give up your life, your family, your future for a potentially dangerous and controlling man. Sign me up!! I want my money and my time back. Absolute crap.    As an aside, the fact that this series is as popular as it is suggests a scary reality of the contemporary female teen psyche.
031606792X|4.0|When I got to I think chapter 6?? (Not sure), where Bella got pregnant, I literally put the book down and didnt pick it up for about a day. I was furious!!! Like most reviews I've read, WTF! was she thinking making Bella pregnant?? I mean it was like each and every character lost their identity in this book (with the exception of a few). When I finally picked up the book again and I got into the Jacob part, it made me like the book a little bit better with Jacob's sarcastic humor, it actually felt familiar to the other three books (which is a good thing).     But as the story went on, I just felt like I was getting to know different characters, I mean the first part of the book was so freaking bizarre?! Bella and Edward having sex the first time.. okay of course.. the author putting it in asecond time... ehh... but a third time in the first 6 chapters of the book! Come on! it didnt even feel like i was reading my favorite series of all time, it felt werid... i dunno. Oh nd how the hell did she get pregnant?! can someone please explain that to me? I wish I could call stephenie meyer or something and ask her, cus the whole inncubus and succubus thing is not working for me.     I also didnt like how Charlie took it.. it was like the author just made up an excuse for him to stay out of the story with Bella being supposedly sick, in the other books, I personally dont think Charlie would have bought that.     The baby.. she grew on me I guess.. the one thing I would change is her relationship with Edward. He is my favorite character and I was wishing that he had more of a part in her life than Jacob, it bothered me to see that he bonded more with her than Edward did. Dont even get me started on the imprinting thing... that was a cop out allll the way.     In the end I guess the book was good... definitley not like the 3 previous ones. I wish things would have happened differently, like Jacob finding someone else, bella not being pregnant, her actually getting an education, her newborn thing not being so dam easy, and at least some new characters or something!! I hate to say this, but it feels like the series ended with Eclipse for me.. Those books will always be #1 in my heart. :)
031606792X|4.0|First off let me say I loved this book. Its definitely not the best one in the series but its good. I think its getting so much hate because since we already know the characters She doesn't have to spend time on their back stories. Also the Jacob imprinting and Nessie....its a little fanfic but come on people! Its a fantasy novel and did you really not see it coming? I called Jacob imprinting on nessie as soon as she got pregnant. The book also had ALOT of characters to work with. Ms. Meyer did a fine job of organizing her characters and giving them their time to shine without the standard Bella and [insert cullen family m ember here] talks. Thats what made the side characters seem more rounded before but they are still full here...just no back stories.      Ignore the reviews and read it. Its honestly enjoyable and GOOD!
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn is not what I expected at all but LOVED it anyways.  Even though Bella changed and I pictured her differently (physically), she  was still the same Bella to me!  Loved the ending in that they will always be together!
031606792X|5.0|I, too, am mystified at all of the negative reviews.  This is a well-written, fun series and I thoroughly enjoyed reading all four books.  What especially amuses me are the reviewers who claim Stephenie Meyer is a terrible writer and the other books were terrible, too.  I guess they have a lot of time on their hands or can't find any \\"good\\" books to read. Novels like these are meant to engage and entertain the reader--not give us moral lessons.  \\"Breaking Dawn\\" completely engaged me, entertained me, made me laugh and cry. I was very satisfied with the ending, as I am not averse to lovely gifts tied up in beautiful ribbons.
031606792X|5.0|I really enjoyed the book. I thought it might have been a little lacking in the action (think Vulturi) department and okay, maybe I thought Bella was a little too zealous in the sex craving but found no major faults in the book (other than a few typos). What's wrong with Meyer wanting everyone to be happy? Cinderella - everyone happy, Snow White - everyone but step-mother happy, etc... I did think it was a little odd for Jacob to imprint on Nessie but it is explained that he is not thinking of her romantically yet and that whole process is why he could never have been with Bella in the first place. He might have loved her unconditionally...until he imprinted on someone else. Overall I think Ms. Meyer did a good job with wrapping up her story without too many (any?) loose ends. As someone who grew to love the characters I find no fault in allowing them all to be happy indefinitely.
B000IJ79WU|3.0|Overall this is a much better version of [[ASIN:B000IJ79V6 Superman II (Two-Disc Special Edition)]], and that was a great movie! This version has much tighter plotting, Non isn't played for laughs and Lois comes off as being a lot more competent. The action sequences are every bit as good as in the original (largely cause they are the same), and the scenes with Marlon Brando are very good.    But then, sadly, we have the last ten minutes.    *** AVAST, YE SCURVY DOGS! SPOILERS AHOY! ***    ** GO NO FARTHER! **    * HERE THERE BE SPOILERS! *    This movie should've ended with Lois and Clark, as it were, up north together, having their last sweet moments, knowing they can't be together as they'd like to have been.    Instead we get the ending to [[ASIN:B000IJ79UW Superman - The Movie (Four-Disc Special Edition)]], where Superman hits the big reset button and sets everything back to normal. This is insulting to the audience.    To make matters even worse, there's a scene where Supes goes back to a restaurant where a man had bullied him earlier and gives the guy his cumuppance. Well, first, I never liked that scene in the original film. But in this version it MAKES NO SENSE! Superman turned back time! How the hell do these people even remember seeing Clark get bullied by this guy?! ARGH!    That said, the film is great up until the last ten minutes or so, and I do recommend seeing it. Jus stop the movie after Lois and Clark are on the ice together.
B000LRY9PY|4.0|Very pure and innocent vocals.....can't help not to think of Roberta's easy and relax style. Very tantalizing.
B000IONJJ2|5.0|A great and funny film.....had to have the latest version and all the extras.  Great fun and classic film comedy.
B0017MO10U|1.0|when I first read about this Movie's plot I thought that it sounded familiar, I mean after all changing the time line so the gate was never found had been done before in the series, in fact not too many years ago. they just put a different spin on it.  I watched anyway not expecting much and gladly I was not disappointed.      The movie was rushed and it was flat, it felt like they wanted to make a movie but had no idea what to do. my Wife who has been watching the series since the very fist episode, walked out 20 minutes before the ending, when I asked if she wanted to see the end she asked \\"would it make a difference?\\" and I have to agree with her.     besides the story being unremarkable and tired there are the usual array of nits. I wont get into all of them because I dont have enough minutes in my life to recount them all but the crux of it for me is: Bal changes time and SOMEHOW our heroes are unaffected so they go about trying to fix things. when I read that originally I figured it would be explained in the film, nope no such luck. apparently the writers decided that SG1 was unaffected and that was that, no explanation as to why the entire universe changes and only our heroes are spared. the movie just goes downhill from there.     I don't know why they bothered to make this film, it is obvious that they really didn't have an idea of what to do so they just ran film and ran with it.
031606792X|3.0|My daughter and I have been counting down for this to finally come out.  We even waited at the bookstore until the actual release at midnight.  I really loved the first three although always thought some events lingered more than necessary to keep interest. After reading this book, I realized why some of the events lingered because this book was way over the top with unnecessary time spent on events that didn't matter.  I am truly dissapointed in this book as compared to the first three.  Sorry Steph, I'm not giving up on you yet though. :)
031606792X|1.0|I enjoyed the first three books but think the whole series has elements that are inappropriate for young adults, and especially the children that seem to be going to the release events.  I did not enjoy the fourth.
031606792X|5.0|This book is just as fantasic as the three previous books.I love it! I got the happy ending I needed.
031606792X|5.0|I liked the book, but then again, I like happy endings.  I like it when everything works out in the end, even if it's not particularly realistic.  This was a good ending to the Twilight series.
B000YAA68W|4.0|Persepolis is a brilliantly constructed and beautifully animated film about a young girl growing up in Tehran during the Islamic revolution.  Based on an autobiographical graphic novel by Marjane Satrapi, her story is a sad one: of a young woman who cannot feel at home in an increasingly oppressive state (who digs punk rock and heavy metal and can't stand conformity) but feels out of place anywhere else.  At the same time, the author is clever and self-aware and never lets the story sink to the level of self-pity -- and doesn't shy away from self-criticism.<br /><br />The animation is unlike anything you are likely to have seen.  It matches the expressive simplicity of the graphic novels -- but has a vitality and wit that is uniquely cinematic.  It is another reminder that the possibilities of creative storytelling with animation are far from exhausted by the more mainstream approaches of Disney and Dreamworks, or even the wide ranging styles of Japanese Anime.<br /><br />One of the most touching elements of the story is its tribute to the strength and support of her parents.  While sometimes they are exasperated by her behavior they are never less than supportive.  Her grandmother, who understands her best, encourages her to hold on to her passion and spunk, but be wise in its expression.  A delightful and exciting work -- that is timely in its reminder that our perception of life in other countries should not be dictated exclusively by the stories that appear in the mainstream media.  This story, also, does not pretend to capture everything there is to know about Iran -- since it is merely the perspective of one young woman, but a perceptive and intelligent and thoughtful perspective.  Highly recommended.
031606792X|1.0|I'll start by saying I really wanted to enjoy this book. I liked the first three--the second and third more than the first, but I liked them all. There were several parts that irked me, but I let them slide because the stories were interesting. However, this last book was unredeemable.     (Spoilers below)    These are my issues with it: Edward's character isn't appealing at all. He went from controlling and near-psychotic, to a cardboard Prince Charming who whispers sweet nothings (and impregnates Bella with an undead mutant). Bella isn't much of a prize, either. She only cares about Edward, Jacob, and becoming a vampire so she can be eternally beautiful and young. Sure, she has a few side concerns, but they're brushed aside as minor footnotes. I agree with other reviewers who say Bella is a poor role model for girls, but not because got married and had a baby at eighteen. I think she's a poor role model because throughout the series, she kowtows to all of Edward's demands and falls for his manipulative behavior. She has no interests outside of Edward or Jacob, and her only goal is to become a vampire. It also disgusts me how she only agrees to marry Edward so they can have sex.    Throughout the books there was a huge buildup to a sex scene--the characters were in a constant state of sexual frustration and frequently discussed their desire for each other, etc. But when they finally did it, I found it lacking. The scenes were overly verbose, yet left out a lot of detail. Not that it should have read like the Penthouse Forum, but I thought it sounded a bit too censored.    The story was full of cheesy descriptions and awkward dialogue. It also focused far too much on Edward's appearance, which was irritating because the books had seemed to be moving past that.    Many others have said this, but Jacob's imprint on Renesmee was just creepy--even if it would remain \\"platonic\\" until she reached maturity. Besides being disturbing, it was a copout. The whole concept of imprinting struck me as a plot device. Also, did anyone else find it odd and out of character when Edward \\"offered\\" Bella to Jacob? I did, but I couldn't help but laugh when he told Jacob that Bella could have any baby she wants--\\"she could even have puppies.\\"    Pointing out all the ridiculous situations would take all night, so I'll just summarize the story here: A boring and whiny couple get married, have lots of sex, and fill 768 pages with cotton candy fluff.
031606792X|1.0|It pains me to be disappointed in the final book in such a good series but I did not enjoy Breaking Dawn.  i could not reconcile the abrupt personality changes in the main characters in the book.  They do not resemble the Bella and Edward from the previous stories!  I also did not enjoy the baby storyline and found it to be such a let down.  It doesn't flow with the rest of the series well at all.    Read it to finish out the series but at least be warned that you're likely to be disappointed.
0789318121|2.0|[[VIDEOID:25176461]]I've rated this book 2 stars for that represents directly the amount of art in this book. The 64 pages of art are of top notch quality featuring extremely high resolution concept art and great storyboards. If not for that, I have no doubt I would have given this book 1 star.<br /><br />Where the script starts is where the book begins its downward descent. If the publisher was to sell the art pages separately as a separate book, I would gladly pay half the price for it. The shooting script is not helpful unless you're planning to remake the movie yourself, and if you think you can shoot it better than C. Nolan.<br /><br />This is a movie made from a comic book series. I'm frankly amazed that there is so little art.<br /><br />At the time I bought the book, there weren't any consumer reviews out yet. Now, these reviews  are available to help you make the correct decision.<br /><br />I've never bought a book after flipping a few pages, immediately feel like returning it straight away.<br /><br />(More pictures are available on my blog. Just visit my Amazon profile for the link.)
9056912445|5.0|This book covers the most essential--and frequently seen--basic endgames that a chessplayer should know for tournmanet play.  Also known as \\"basic positions\\", \\"theoretical endings\\", or \\"exact endings\\", these positions have at most only 1 or 2 pawns on either side (or both). A list of these positions can also be found in the book GM-RAM by Rashid Ziyatdinov, although there is no comment or instruction on how to play them. Which is why the present book fills a much needed void.    Essentially the author covers the most common scenarios for each type of endgame with these basic positions.  His explanations and comments are clear, informative, and extremely useful.  I do wish he had included a few more examples in some of the categories, but apparently they were deemed not common enough to be included.  For example, in the group rook v. minor piece, he only covers the pawnless versions, and rook & pawn v. bishop.  Most books also include rook & pawn v. bishop & pawn.  Still, the book is definitely worth buying.    For those readers like myself you wish to supplement his coverage, I recommend some of the books listed in his excellent, annotated bibliography. This book will definitely aid the average chessplayer in securing that much desired win instead settling for a draw!
031606792X|1.0|The first three books in this series were spell binding and I waited with great anticipation for the conclusion of the great series and was greatly let down.  From the bewildering imprinting on infants to Bella's amazing newborn experience (what a waste, could have had much more potential) to the anticlimactic confrontation at the end, it was just a let down.  There didn't even seem to be a connection between Bella and Edward anymore.  Too much story for one book.  There was potential in the beginning, but faded the further along I got.  Sad.
031606792X|1.0|I have waited a year for this book to come and when it finally comes, it turns out to be the biggest disappointment in my reading life.     I was disappointed in the plot... or lack there of. She kept building to something, and that all just disappeared when it was not a fair fight anymore.     I agree with the Romains on that fight. It was truly disappointing.       Everything was just TOO perfect. After making her characters 3D, they go back to being flat once more. It is like the first three books did not exists at all! I think she could have saved us all time and just made one book if she was going to end it like this.     I think if she ever reads all these reviews she will surely be disappointed in herself and maybe make it up to us in the other book she is bringing out. At least this one we know there will be come conflict.
032147404X|4.0|Scott Kelby delivers  excellent IDEAS what you can do with DSLR,  both of his book should be One Book.  I recomend it for everyone.
031606792X|5.0|I thought Breaking Dawn was the best concluding book to a saga that I have read in a long time. The author answered all the questions that I as a reader had about the characters, storyline ect. And really that is all that one could hope for, the author tied up loose ends and throughly explained the story line with hope for the characters' futures. I'm glad that the book ended as it did for the development of the saga can really be followed in this last book, the characters' developed out of their teenage-selves and into young adults. I think that the book carries no message about this is how girls should live their lives, (getting married and having kids early, with no higher learning), and I also think that the book neither is without sarifice for characters. None of the characters are normal, and can never have a normal life, that right there is most likely the greatest sarifice each character deals with. I believe what the book is really getting at is finding you own niche, your own family, about belonging is a world that is harsh and cruel. That home and family are what you make of it, what the characters are striving for, this saga is a fairytale that deserves its happily ever after ending.
031606792X|3.0|I greatly anticipated this last and final book to the saga. I became hooked to the series a little over three weeks ago and became a die-hard fan immediately. I expected so much from this book, and I think that is part of the reason that I was let down. The book is definitely not Meyer's style. It was completely wrong how all Bella could think about was sex. If you read Twilight a million times like me, the reason that it was so attracting was because of the innocent, and almost beautiful, love between Edward and Bella. They never went beyond kissing, and that was cool since Bella was so young and all. But Breaking Dawn, and even Eclipse, became too mature, as if since meeting Edward, Bella became very mature all of a sudden. I also expected a lot more from the Bella-Jacob relationship. I think it is completely sick the way Jacob imprints on Bella's daughter. And I think that Meyer went to far when she made Bella almost a perfect vampire. We knew that newborns were crazy and thirsty to the extreme, but it seems that Bella escaped all this and is perfect. What is there to love in a perfect character? We loved Edward because everything was perfect, but even he had a fault: his anger. Bella does not seem to have any fault, and she turned into a flat character in this fourth book. I think that Stephenie Meyer did an amazing job in the first three books and is one of the best authors, but this last book was a real let down. Hopefully Midnight Sun won't be as bad.
031606792X|1.0|I read the first book of the series in order to find out just what is driving these teenage girls crazy. I enjoyed it in the same way I enjoy a chick flick movie. The uncomplicated, silly, superficial plot helps ease the temporary boredom but I'd never pick it as an amazing work of cinematography...or in this case, literature.     I also read the next two books. Why? Because they made me laugh. I'm assuming that's not their original intention but the writing is so stale and cliche, that I had a blast cracking jokes about it.     So why am I giving this book one star? It got so bad, it's not even funny anymore. It's just painful. This woman is a terrible writer.  In this book, the characters become even more one dimensional when I didn't think that was possible. Bella is a detestable heroine. In what world did she think it was a good idea to write someone so pathetically weak? Her whole world revolves around Edward...is this the heroine we're suppose to be looking up to? Someone whose one goal in life is to be with some guy? Give me a break.   And was there any deep connection between these two characters to suggest some sort of timeless love story? Bella likes Edward because he dazzles her with his good looks. And the Gods knows Meyer keeps reminding us of this over and over again. Edward likes Bella...well, I don't really know why except for the fact that he can't read her mind.   Obviously this relationship is built on so much \\"love\\".   If it was real life, i'd give it a week tops...    This vampire world and the situations they create should be much more complicated for the characters...psychologically, emotionally, morally...yet we get none of it. Instead Meyers takes the easy way out.  Complexity will always make a story rich. So it makes sense that there's not even a drop of it to be found in the series.  The wedding, the child, the over used happily ever after. How cliche can she get? How empty? How easy?     Jacob was the only character in the series who hadsome potential. But it seems that every opportunity Ms. Meyers gets to do something great, she intentionally lets it pass her by. She's not up to the challenge and I can understand why. She is just not a talented writer.    Anne Rice has done her fair share of horrible books. But at her best...well, she puts every word, every sentence, every cheap plot turn, every trite character in this series to shame.
B000SCHC0Q|5.0|I read this book a couple of weeks after I finished \\"The Kite Runner.\\"  This book took me a few chapters to get into, and then I again fell in love with the characters.  I think if you liked \\"The Kite Runner\\" you will also enjoy this book as well.  I am now a big fan of Khaled Hosseini and can't wait for him to come out with a new book.
031606792X|5.0|I think this is the best of the four. The story wrapped up in a creative and satisfying way. I also feel that the author has grown as a writer since the first book. All around this was a thoroughly engaging and thrilling book.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn was a very fast paced and action packed installment of the Twilight series.  Twilight introduced us to Bella, her father, and Edward and the Cullen clan.  Even the town of Forks is a character in this book.  It was the foundation.  New Moon gave us heartbreak, suspense, reconciliation, and reunion.  We also got to know Jacob and the Quileute tribe legends, which gave us the background for the werewolf (shape-shifter) plot line.  Eclipse developed the love triangle and the natural progression of Edward and Bella.  And now Breaking Dawn takes all of these foundations and continues the story from there.<br /><br />Throughout the first three books, many characters were described in so much depth that you could almost feel as if you knew them intimately, so much so that you could anticipate what they would do in every situation.  And I think therein may lie the polarization we're seeing in readers' opinions of the story.  With so many people so engrossed in this saga, each was bound to have strong expectations of what \\"should have\\" happened in the story.  And when it deviated, I'm guessing that it took many by surprise, reacting with shock, betrayal, and anger.<br /><br />I, for one, absolutely loved this book!  In fact, it is my favorite of the four.  It felt more mature, not just in the content but in the writing style.  Every question I had was answered, but sometimes the answer was contained in one little sentence that could have been easily overlooked if you weren't reading carefully.  There were no wasted words here.  I didn't feel any absence of emotion, and the characters flowed seamlessly for me.  By knowing them so well, I didn't need pages of every single thought Bella had to describe her interactions with Edward.  I got enough of that in the the first three books.  This final book went beyond and gave us the story without as much of Bella's internal dialogue.  (Of course, we got plenty of Jacob internal dialogue, which was nice because we didn't have that before.)<br /><br />This book kept me on the edge of my seat throughout.  The tenderness, the unexpected surprises, and the humor kept me reading from 12:30AM when I got home from the store, to 10:30AM when I read the last page.  Not even Harry Potter's final book kept me completely awake like this.  I went through a whole range of emotions, each one so potent it was as if I was living the story.  That, to me, is what makes a 5-star book.  I read fiction for entertainment, and this book definitely met the mark for me!<br /><br />Ok, that's my basic review, sans spoilers.  If you have the stamina (or the interest), below I have specific instances of what I liked, sometimes seeming almost a rebuttal of some of the main things that so many people seem to be having problems with.  For some reason, I feel a need to offset some of the hateful comments I've been reading. It makes me sad that so many have taken their disappointment in the book and directed such hateful emotions toward Ms. Meyer.  She stated just last night in the Q&A at Chicago's concert series that she had planned this ending from the very beginning.  It was the publishers that wanted to keep Bella a teenager for a longer period of time.  I feel as if Twilight and Breaking Dawn is Ms. Meyer's original story, and New Moon and Eclipse were products of publishers and marketing.<br /><br />*** SPOILERS BELOW ***<br /><br />Things I Liked:<br /><br />* Very fast paced.  It was as if I couldn't read fast enough!  Many are complaining that there are not enough scenes with Bella and Edward, but I personally felt there was so much inner dialogue with Bella in the first three books, that if I didn't know her by now, I never would.  So, in a sense, I didn't feel any of that missing.<br /><br />* Lots of unexpected twists and turns!  This was awesome!  What was I honestly expecting?  Really, I didn't have too many expectations, but I suppose I thought the first half of the book would be Bella hesitating tobecome a vampire, and then I thought it would focus on the hardship Edward would have to go through actually biting her and taking her human life from her.<br />With the advent of Bella's life-threatening pregnancy, the hesitation to change her wasn't there for Edward.  It was either that or lose her entirely.  This story twist was unexpected, but totally satisfying for me.  Actually much more exciting than the boring story plot I had thought of!<br /><br />* Bella's pregnancy.  The biggest shock for me!  As many other readers, I didn't think that Edward would be able to father a child.  But the explanation she gave in the book satisfied me.  Edward had said previously that he couldn't have children.  Well, of course he would say that because he didn't know himself.  But Ms. Meyer had planned this pregnancy all along, so she explained that she was always very careful about how she had to word these questions, limiting her explanations as to why female vampires couldn't get pregnant.  (See Twilight Lexicon's News page for Aug. 5, the Q&A from the Chicago concert.)<br /><br />* Jacob's story.  I wasn't expecting a change in Point of View, but I suppose it was foreshadowed in the Epilogue of Eclipse.  And I was pleasantly surprised!  Though it's hard to go through the pain he endures for Bella, the sarcasm he uses to deal with it had me laughing out loud.  I enjoyed the bonding between Jacob and Edward, something we wouldn't have gotten had we not had his story line.  Another highlight in this section were his chapter titles. Hilarious!  With Jacob's book, we were able to see the characters from someone else's point of view, and I felt we were better able to see Edward's pain.  Had we had Bella's pregnancy told from her eyes, we wouldn't have seen half of this as Edward was always trying not to show her how he was feeling.  (Not to mention she was so out of it for a good portion of it that we wouldn't have had much to read.)<br /><br />* Bella's birth.  Yes, I know it was graphic, but that made it so much more powerful.  (And I confess, I'm the type that enjoys Stephen King novels.)<br /><br />* Jacob's imprinting on Renesmee.  Ok, it wasn't my favorite part, but was described and fell in line with how it was described in New Moon.  There was nothing sexual about it; in fact his behavior following the imprinting was more like an overprotective father.  And it made sense, as they both had 24 sets of chromosomes: half-breeds.<br /><br />* Bella's transformation into a vampire.  Wow!  What descriptions!  To read about how much pain she felt gave us that much more appreciation for her level of self-control, which is the explanation behind how she could bypass the newborn stage all together.  And the pages of description of how she viewed everything from her new vampire eyes was remarkable.  It gave me a whole new appreciation for how much self-control Edward had with Bella when she was human. (Which would explain why he was able to always keep her off him whenever she wanted to do more than kiss.)<br /><br />* Bella as a vampire.  I loved her as a vampire.  She seems so much more sure of herself, and she is able to embrace her new life with grace and joy.  Of course she's not the same person (thank goodness); she's seeing the world through very different eyes.  The difference in her is also described by how she sees her memories of mortality, as if she's looking through murky water.  Being a vampire definitely suits Bella; it's as if she was born for it.  It's about time that Edward is in awe of Bella; she deserves it.<br /><br />* Introduction of other vampires.  I loved reading about different vampires and how different other people's gifts could be.  And we finally got to know the Denali clan better.  It was just enough to be interesting but not so much that it had to become its own book.  It also gives Stephenie (or fanfiction writers) plenty of opportunities to expand other characters' story lines.<br /><br />* Nice happy ending.  There was nothing I wanted more than for Edward and Bella to finally be together without any more interruptions (James, Volturi, Victoria and the newborns).  They really deserved that.  And I was thrilled that Jacob could finally be at peace from the torture Bella had put him through for two books.<br /><br />My favorite part was the very end, the final two pages, when Bella is able to finally show Edward what is in her head.  That one thing right there completed the bond they already had, making it infinitely more powerful and intimate.<br /><br />Disappointments:<br /><br />There aren't many, but there are a few.<br /><br />*Really not a Young Adult book.  I think this book did cross the line from YA to adult, not only based on content, but on the style in which it was written.  It required more thought and consideration from the reader to find their answers buried in the prose.  The difference between the style of Twilight and the style of Breaking Dawn is very obvious.  And I do think the publishers should have put a label on this book, for the birthing scene alone.<br /><br />* Honeymoon.  I wouldn't have minded a tiny bit more detail of their first experience making love.  It didn't have to be a lot, but it could have been more than them just walking into deeper water.  I did love the way Ms. Meyer answered my own personal question of how Bella could possibly make love to Edward if he is always as cold as ice.  Wouldn't be very comfortable, I'm sure.<br /><br />* Absence of Alice. Lots of Rosalie.  I love Alice, so it was tough having her take *such* a backseat.  Rosalie definitely had the bigger part, and even though I thought her interactions were Jacob were funny, I never saw any redeeming qualities in her.  It was plain that she cared far more for the baby (that she was never able to have) then about Bella's safety.  I was just hoping that maybe this was the opportunity for Rosalie and Bella to bond, but I didn't feel that at all.<br /><br />* Renesmee.  My first reaction was:  \\"What kind of a name is that??\\"  But I'm giving Ms. Meyer a break here.  There are plenty of names I hear throughout the day when my kids tell me about their classmates, that I'm quite used to unusual names.  It was just very difficult to adjust to.<br /><br />* Lack of scenes between Edward and Renesmee.  We know that Edward loves Renesmee because of the reverence Bella hears Edward use when he talks about her, but we see far more interaction between Jacob and Nessie than Edward and Nessie.  Jacob acts more like the dad than Edward.  I would have preferred to see a little more there.<br /><br />* Anticlimactic Volturi ending.  I was thoroughly expecting a battle.  Even a little one.  They could have at least gotten rid of Demetri and one of the nomad vampires without having us suffer through the loss of one our beloved Cullens, but nothing.  I know that a battle would have made this book maybe another 100 pages, it just made me feel as if the air was let out of my balloon.  Of course, the flip side to that is that we know the Volturi will not leave the Cullens alone forever.  Eventually, they will try to come back to accomplish their original mission.  It's not as if the main characters will change that much; they're all immortal, so they'll all meet up again someday.<br /><br />Overall, a wonderful story told with much finesse.  It may have felt a little rushed, but I think that's from the viewpoint of the other three books that told a 200-page story in 400 pages.  I don't need everything spelled out for me to the nth degree; I can read between the lines.  And Breaking Dawn certainly made that necessary.  It was an incredible finish to the Twilight Saga!njoys Stephen King novels.)    * Jacob's imprinting on Renesmee.  Ok, it wasn't my favorite part, but was described and fell in line with how it was described in New Moon.  There was nothing sexual about it; in fact his behavior following the imprinting was more like an overprotective father.  And it made sense, as they both had 24 sets of chromosomes: half-breeds.    * Bella's transformation into a vampire.  Wow!  What descriptions!  To read about how much pain she felt gave us that much more appreciation for her level of self-control, which is the explanation behind how she could bypass the newborn stage all together.  And the pages of description of how she viewed everything from her new vampire eyes was remarkable.  It gave me a whole new appreciation for how much self-control Edward had with Bella when she was human. (Which would explain why he was able to always keep her off him whenever she wanted to do more than kiss.)    * Bella as a vampire.  I loved her as a vampire.  She seems so much more sure of herself, and she is able to embrace her new life with grace and joy.  Of course she's not the same person (thank goodness); she's seeing the world through very different eyes.  The difference in her is also described by how she sees her memories of mortality, as if she's looking through murky water.  Being a vampire definitely suits Bella; it's as if she was born for it.  It's about time that Edward is in awe of Bella; she deserves it.    * Introduction of other vampires.  I loved reading about different vampires and how different other people's gifts could be.  And we finally got to know the Denali clan better.  It was just enough to be interesting but not so much that it had to become its own book.  It also gives Stephenie (or fanfiction writers) plenty of opportunities to expand other characters' story lines.    * Nice happy ending.  There was nothing I wanted more than for Edward and Bella to finally be together without any more interruptions (James, Volturi, Victoria and the newborns).  They really deserved that.  And I was thrilled that Jacob could finally be at peace from the torture Bella had put him through for two books.    My favorite part was the very end, the final two pages, when Bella is able to finally show Edward what is in her head.  That one thing right there completed the bond they already had, making it infinitely more powerful and intimate.      Disappointments:    There aren't many, but there are a few.    *Really not a Young Adult book.  I think this book did cross the line from YA to adult, not only based on content, but on the style in which it was written.  It required more thought and consideration from the reader to find their answers buried in the prose.  The difference between the style of Twilight and the style of Breaking Dawn is very obvious.  And I do think the publishers should have put a label on this book, for the birthing scene alone.    * Honeymoon.  I wouldn't have minded a tiny bit more detail of their first experience making love.  It didn't have to be a lot, but it could have been more than them just walking into deeper water.  I did love the way Ms. Meyer answered my own personal question of how Bella could possibly make love to Edward if he is always as cold as ice.  Wouldn't be very comfortable, I'm sure.    * Absence of Alice. Lots of Rosalie.  I love Alice, so it was tough having her take *such* a backseat.  Rosalie definitely had the bigger part, and even though I thought her interactions were Jacob were funny, I never saw any redeeming qualities in her.  It was plain that she cared far more for the baby (that she was never able to have) then about Bella's safety.  I was just hoping that maybe this was the opportunity for Rosalie and Bella to bond, but I didn't feel that at all.    * Renesmee.  My first reaction was:  \\"What kind of a name is that??\\"  But I'm giving Ms. Meyer a break here.  There are plenty of names I hear throughout the day when my kids tell me about theirclassmates, that I'm quite used to unusual names.  It was just very difficult to adjust to.    * Lack of scenes between Edward and Renesmee.  We know that Edward loves Renesmee because of the reverence Bella hears Edward use when he talks about her, but we see far more interaction between Jacob and Nessie than Edward and Nessie.  Jacob acts more like the dad than Edward.  I would have preferred to see a little more there.    * Anticlimactic Volturi ending.  I was thoroughly expecting a battle.  Even a little one.  They could have at least gotten rid of Demetri and one of the nomad vampires without having us suffer through the loss of one our beloved Cullens, but nothing.  I know that a battle would have made this book maybe another 100 pages, it just made me feel as if the air was let out of my balloon.  Of course, the flip side to that is that we know the Volturi will not leave the Cullens alone forever.  Eventually, they will try to come back to accomplish their original mission.  It's not as if the main characters will change that much; they're all immortal, so they'll all meet up again someday.    Overall, a wonderful story told with much finesse.  It may have felt a little rushed, but I think that's from the viewpoint of the other three books that told a 200-page story in 400 pages.  I don't need everything spelled out for me to the nth degree; I can read between the lines.  And Breaking Dawn certainly made that necessary.  It was an incredible finish to the Twilight Saga!
B0013FXWX8|4.0|The story of \\"Kung Fu Panda\\" about a lazy panda who dreams of becoming a martial arts fighter may not be as unique as that of last year's Oscar winner \\"Ratatouille,\\" but Dreamworks' new animated film is great fun nonetheless. Perhaps some viewers (including me) might the miss the biting satire of the same company's \\"Shrek,\\" but \\"Kung Fu Panda\\" offers lots of laughs and some engaging characters including Po (voice by Jack Black) and his reluctant master Shifu (Dustin Hoffman).    The film's story will remind you of either \\"Star Wars\\" (the older trilogy) or \\"Drunken Master,\\" the latter being a still popular Hong Kong martial arts film made in 1978 starring Jackie Chan (who provides voice for \\"Panda\\" as Monkey). In short, a wise master reluctantly takes a youngster under his wing. The master thinks it a hopeless case at first, but discovers the talent hidden deep inside the pupil. In Po's case, his talent as martial arts fighter is found when Po is eating, not drinking.    If you look at the kung fu choreography closely, or our hero's \\"battle\\" sequence in the opening, you will realize that the directors Mark Osborne and John Stevenson have carefully studied many kung-fu films. They know the rules of the genre and bend them to create amusing characters, innovative kung-fu battle scenes and funny sight gags. It is amazing to see the slightly overused format for plot based on master and disciple still works even in animation.    That means, however, that some might think the script of \\"Kung Fu Panda\\" needs more originality. Principal characters are well-drawn and delightful to watch, especially Po and Shifu, but supports are a bit weak (despite the inclusion of such voice actors as Angelina Jolie as Tigress) and the film's narrative, slick as it is, is a bit predictable (though it never bores us).    The film pays homage to some of other martial arts films and even Hollywood actions - some scenes of \\"Panda\\" are clearly inspired by such works as \\"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon\\" and one of \\"Indiana Jones\\" films - but actually you don't have to notice that at all. This is a hugely enjoyable family-oriented film.
031606792X|5.0|Wow - I must admit that I am shocked at the negative reviews of this book.  I LOVED it! I wanted a happy ending and I love that they had a baby before Bella was changed.  I love the bond between Bella & Renesmee and thought that the love story between Bella & Edward came to a perfect conclusion. The only mild disappointment I had was the ending confrontation with the Volturi - I wanted a little more action, but I'm not complaining.  I think the book is great and I'm eagerly awaiting Midnight Sun & hoping for a book in the future about Jacob & Renesmee's love story.
B000BUYP4Q|5.0|Everyone reading this has probably already seen \\"The Dark Knight\\", the megasuccesful follow up to this, 2005's \\"Batman Begins\\".<br />While \\"The Dark Knight\\" is a truly great movie, it kinda is empty on being a Batman movie. Its more about its secondary characters than about the caped crusader.<br />Thats why this movie is my definitive Batman movie.<br />The movie follows Bruce Wayne from his childhood through til his training to become Batman, ultimately to his battle with the evil in Gotham City.<br /><br />Its a REALLY great movie! Even though there aren't any iconic villains in this movie, Scarecrow and Ras Al Ghul are fantastic to watch as the evil in Gotham City! Scarecrow is one awesome freaky villain!<br />So if you are looking for the ultimate Bat-flick, check this one out! It takes awhile for him to eventuate, but once Batman hits the screen its a gripping, near-perfect (in my books) mix of Action, superhero, drama, thriller and a small bit of comedy!<br /><br />The special features on the DVD are also very good, but annoying to access through the comic book navigation. There are no huge 'must see' features, just a few scattered here and there about the making of the film.<br />I'd love for Warner Bros. to release a Special Edition co-inciding with the release of The Dark Knight later this year including an Audio Commentary with director Christopher Nolan and writer David S. Goyer to hear their thoughts and stories on BEGINS.<br /><br />So all in all, I highly recommend this DVD to any comic book fan, Batman fan or anyone who's curious about all the hooplah surrounding Batman lately.<br /><br />***** stars!
B000093FLA|4.0|Came when it was suppose to but the disc had a crack in it, but it still played so its fine!
B000EU1PKK|5.0|Helloween's \\"Walls of Jericho\\" wasn't really considered a power metal album moreas it was a speed metal album and Keeper of the Seven Keys would officially kick off what's known as power metal. But this CD isn't far from power metal - it's very melodic, full of Hansen's high pitched vocals, super lead guitar and harmonized lead guitars, powerful drums, and dynamic songs. It's not as melodic as Helloween's later work, but it's still very much their sound. You'll hear Kai Hansen's first performance on vocals, and his voice eventually became more powerful and melodic in Gamma Ray but his influence on this record and the next 2 Helloween albums (albeit guitar-wise as he does not perform vox after this until 1995 Gamma Ray). I love this album a lot, it's got what I like in music (metal in particular and I love power metal the most) - heavy guitars while maintaining good melodies, high pitched vocals and screams for dramatic effect, present bass-guitar, fast and technical drumming, and two guitarists who can shred and perform speedy solos in dual harmonies.<br /><br />With this package you'll get the remastered CD with a bonus disc. You'll have the album start with the \\"Helloween EP\\" on the first 5 tracks then \\"Walls of Jericho\\" from then on. The bonus disc has some new mixes, live tracks and B-sides which is worth hearing for Helloween fans.<br /><br />Helloween fans owe it to themselves to check out their first album to hear where it all started. Highly recommended for your metal collection.
031606792X|4.0|I actually thought the book was pretty good. I love Bella and Edward's romance. It's a great forbidden love plot line. I did think the baby was a little out of place and Jacob imprinting on her made me feel awkward. How could he just forget his passionate love for Bella so fast? (not to mention the baby is half human and half vampire and he is a werewolf. They would have some seriously messed up babies) Jacob was such a strong force in the book, he was so intense and sweet; but all the sudden he was a mushy, lovesick puppy (no pun intended) with no thoughts and will of his own. I guess that is how the imprinting works but why did it have to be the baby? Couldn't it have been someone else but he and Bella still stayed friends somehow? The fact that he imprinted on the baby was just too easy of a solution for the characters conflicts and feelings.  Despite my criticism, I think the book is worth reading because Bella and Edward deserve a happy ending. You have to admit they have been through a lot. Of course, I realize that other characters have stories as well, but I wish I could have seen more of them together after Bella turned. Also, who cares if everything ended up so perfectly happy and \\"tied in a pretty pink bow\\". I guess our society is so desensitized, only heartbreak and violence entertain us now. Maybe the author's moral is as simple and clich as \\"love conquers all\\". Is happiness really such a horrible ending?
031606792X|1.0|To be blunt, Breaking Dawn was horrible and a huge disappointment.     [Spoilers to come....]    The Twilight series has always been wonderful, but with the events that happen to Bella in this final chapter, Meyer is suggesting that life is perfect as long as you marry and have a child at 18. Forget about having a college education and a job that pays the bills and fully developing yourself as a person, everything is hunky dory as long as you have a man and a child. Honestly, is that how young adults should be like? NO!!     And not only that, but Bella is such a flat character (she honestly doesn't have any interest outside of Edward and Jacob and becoming a vampire) that it made me want to rip my hair out!! She is so focused on becoming a vampire (she even gets mad when the Cullens say \\"Happy 19!\\" and she keeps saying she was frozen at 18, not 19) throughout the series and in Breaking Dawn, she believes she's only 'perfect' when she is one (\\"I had been born to be a vampire...I had found my true place in the world, the place I fit, the place I shined\\" (Meyer 524).), which is a terrible message!! And not only that, the ONLY reason why Bella is willing to stay human is because of sex, which she is constantly asking Edward for.     Not only that, but the way Charlie reacted when he saw Edward and Bella's daughter was ridiculous. He was annoyed for a little bit that they lied to him about her, but after that everything was honkey dory. Honestly, I would have been furious with my daughter had she already given birth and didn't go to school. Not every girl in the world can have an endless supply of money from her husband and completly forget about other things that mean more, such as a college education.     Honestly, I don't know what Meyer was thinking when she wrote this. There is nothing positive about this book, Bella doesn't sacrifice ANYTHING, she gets EVERYTHING she ever wanted.     Seriously, do yourself a favor and don't read this book, but if you must, borrowit, it's not worth buying.
031606792X|5.0|I just don't understand why people don't like this book.  There were unexpected elements that people are upset with but need I remind you that this is fantasy?  It isn't like she was writing a book about something factual and decided to throw in a unicorn.  I also think being older than a teenager I can appreciate some of the material in this book and see Stephenie's pov.  I don't want to list specifics to keep it spoiler free, though I'm sure many of these reviews are chocked full of spoilers.  I loved this book.  The characters were still \\"real\\" to me and I happen to like the way the book ended.  I would like to see where the characters are in the future (an epilogue set 20 years in the future would have been nice) so I'm hoping we will see all our Forks friends in future works by this amazing author.
031606792X|1.0|The Twilight series had really opened my eyes to a new way to look at love that I had not felt in  ages.    To have the first threes magic taken away by this book broke my heart.    Save your money. Cherish the first three. It was a nice ride Stephenie.
031606792X|5.0|I might be one of the first people in the Uk to have read every single word of Breaking Dawn already. I absolutely loved it and thought it was the best of the saga. The idea that Bella should sacrifice her life for her child was so fitting with her previous characterisation. I also thought that the idea that she HAD to become immortal rather than choose the date made the transformation more sympathetic.     I did find Jacob imprinting on Renesmee a bit bizarre, considering his opinion of vampires and their stench. I thought he'd imprint on Leah. We don't know for sure if Renesmee will return his feelings, however. All this fuss about her being called Nessie is also a bit weird. Jacob is the only one who regularly calls her Nessie once she's grown beyond a few months. Bella never does. The name suggests all kinds of symbolism..renaissance..reunion..resume..resolution..plus it is a combination of human/vampire names..Renee and Esme, so it fits Bella and Edward's child. Renee should possibly have had a bigger role in the text later on if she was so important to Bella that she named her child after her.     This is absolutely compelling - lots of passion but no embarrassingly graphic details. Not a child's book. Not Harry Potter, either - thank God!
031606792X|3.0|When I first began the Twilight saga, I was certainly not expecting to become so completely engrossed with the intriguing story. I found myself glued to the pages of Twilight, New Moon & Eclipse, completely escaping into the fantastical world created by Stephanie Meyer. Like everyone else, i eagerly anticipated the release of Breaking Dawn. However, my love for this series does not make me incapable of recognizing the flaws of Meyer's final installment.    While the first three books were full of romance, it was indeed a forbidden one. Part of the appeal of these books is that both Bella and Edward wanted one another so badly, and could not completely have one another. What was left to the imagination in previous installments is made clear in Breaking Dawn. Be prepared to accept the change in the characters, as both Bella and Edward change and mature. This book is romantic, but it is a different kind, as finally, Bella and Edward are allowed to truly be together, both physically and emotionally.     Breaking Dawn is certainly full of plot twists, many of which may shock previous fans of the series. Initially, I found myself angry at some of these twists, but have come to realize that no matter how Meyer concluded this series, I would not be completely happy, for I had formulated my own ending in my head from the moment I finished Eclipse. My issues with the plot itself is that it seems to strip many of the characters of their previous personalities, making a great portion of the book unbelievable in terms of character reactions. I found myself constantly questioning the motives and actions of certain characters, unable to accept some of their choices because it seemed to go against their personalities. However, I once again take into consideration that the characters are meant to grow and change, and can certainly contradict their depiction in previous installments.    Overall, I think that Meyer created an ending that provides closure. It even got me to finally take a liking to Jacob, which I truly thought would never happen. Yes, Breaking Dawn has flaws, but overall I have accepted it for what it is, and that is a compelling work of fiction that allowed me to suspend reality and become completely absorbed in Meyer's vampire world.
031606792X|5.0|This was a great book for this series! I think Stephenie Meyer did a great job putting the twists and turns and at the same time keeping it real. I was engrossed the entire time. It was a story well worth telling. I love the fact that it created something new and brought everyone to the brink of destruction and then Bella saves the day! Fantastic. The only thing that could have made it better is for them to have ravaged the Volturi!    Go Steph! (Oh, and I totally wrote this mini review so I could give it five stars and bring that average up ;) All you one-starrers apparently haven't been paying attention to the stories that Steph has weaved.
031606792X|5.0|(daughter of user)  Well, first off, I am so happy that the book ended on a high note in Bella's \\"existence\\". This book was very different from the others, but that was a good thing. Stephenie Meyer couldn't just write the same book with a new enemy each time, so it was clear that change would come. At first, I was very unhappy with the fact that the whole middle of the story was from Jacob's point-of-view. It was harder for me, as a girl, to connect with him than it was for me to connect with Bella's emotions and thoughts. However, Jacob finally grew on me, and I can say that I love him as a character now too. I absolutely loved the beginning of the book, but when we hit chapter 7 of book 1, I started to get a little panicky. *SPOILER ALERT!!!* How could it be possible that Bella and Edward could have kids, all of a sudden? SM had denied that he was able, so what gives? I hated the idea, with Bella being so immature, and then she got all excited about the kid, and it seemed a teensy bit irrational to me that she just out of nowhere wants kids now. I totally agreed with Jacob and Edward, who wanted it gone. And then we met little Renesmee, and how could you then not like her? I felt a little weird about Jacob imprinting on her, but at least now he has a purpose. And yes, the moment we've been waiting for arrives! Bella turns into a vampire and beats Emmett at arm wrestling! Well, anyways...I'm so happy that Bella ended up with Edward forever, because that's what I've been hoping for throughout the series, and I'm also glad that the Volturi never got to fight them. To lose any of the Forks/La Push clan would be a great loss. It's just too bad this is the final book in the saga. I'll miss Bella and, especially Edward, so much. Keep up the good work, Stephenie Meyer!
031606792X|5.0|Don't read this if you don't want to know what happened. I'm just wanting to talk as many other people here are, but read if you want to share with someone else who enjoyed the book.<br /><br />When I first started reading Breaking Dawn I wasn't really all that excited because of the past two books. I have to admit that I really didn't really like Jacob and didn't understand the rest of the reading community's infatuation with him. I thought he didn't listen to Bella when she said \\"no\\" and sucked them both into an unheathly relationship where at least her heart wasn't willing. So when my bookstore explained their festivities for the the night Breaking Dawn was coming out as debating whether or not Bella should be with Jacob or Edward I felt disgusted as I knew what a lot of the responses were going to be.<br /><br />I was totally blown over when I read the book, so maybe it's best not to raise your expectations too high so you won't be let down at all:) I loved the honeymoon scene, it was really like escaping to another place, and I felt my enthusiasm build as I knew that Bella was pregnant but the author hadn't told us yet.<br /><br />Reflecting on the book, I was just wondering how there were so many good sections throughout the whole thing. I remembered reading something on the author's website where she talked about writing the parts she was interested in first before intertwining them and making one awesome book.<br /><br />The most horribly disgusting part of the book (but not bad in my mind) was where Bella vomited a fountain of blood... wasn't sure if they'd include that in the movie if they ever made one for breaking dawn...<br /><br />I'm glad they found a way for Charlie to be a part of the family, I thought they would have somehow included Renne though, what with her already being intuned to the paranormal and crazy things in life, and how Bella didn't have to be so scared of her mom as she thought.<br /><br />A couple \\"buzz killers\\" as Bella coined : Edward getting so upset (even after Bella said she was fine) when he saw her bruise covered body. And Jacobs reaction to Bella saying she was going to have a real Honeymoon (it was a nice wedding!)<br /><br />I thought it didn't seem realistic when the pack decided to kill the creature growing within Bella (taking Bella and the rest of the Cullen's out in the process) I just thought it was necessary in the book so that Jacob could have the excuse for breaking away from the pack...<br /><br />Also Irina's part in the book should have been introduced more thoroughly. When I was reading the book I remembered maybe hearing her name once in the beginning, and the all of a sudden \\"oh there's Irina standing on a hill\\" and she changes the whole course of the book.<br /><br />I have to say that I like it when happy things are happening in books (especially after so much drama in the last 3). I think it's just a part of life that we all need, accepting that good things do happen, and we shouldn't just be anticipating the next disaster. So the happy ending without too much waring nonsense was ok for me.<br /><br />I like their cottage, I like Renesemee except that I keep pronouncing her name Reneseme in my head which is thoroughly irritating:) I loved seeing Bella transform in to a vampire and not have to go through the newborn horribleness.<br /><br />Happy books make me happy so I would have to call this the best book of the series.d she was fine) when he saw her bruise covered body. And Jacobs reaction to Bella saying she was going to have a real Honeymoon (it was a nice wedding!)    I thought it didn't seem realistic when the pack decided to kill the creature growing within Bella (taking Bella and the rest of the Cullen's out in the process) I just thought it was necessary in the book so that Jacob could have the excuse for breaking away from the pack...     Also Irina's part in the book should have been introduced more thoroughly. When I was reading the book I remembered maybe hearing her name once in the beginning, and the all of a sudden \\"oh there's Irina standing on a hill\\" and she changes the whole course of the book.     I have to say that I like it when happy things are happening in books (especially after so much drama in the last 3). I think it's just a part of life that we all need, accepting that good things do happen, and we shouldn't just be anticipating the next disaster. So the happy ending without too much waring nonsense was ok for me.     I like their cottage, I like Renesemee except that I keep pronouncing her name Reneseme in my head which is thoroughly irritating:) I loved seeing Bella transform in to a vampire and not have to go through the newborn horribleness.     Happy books make me happy so I would have to call this the best book of the series.
031606792X|5.0|Some spoiler info included, read this review at your own risk:<br /><br />So I was finally able to finish it.  The verdict is in... and I personally really really LIKED it.  Not saying that it was my favorite.  I'm not sure at this point which is my favorite, BUT I liked this book.  I liked the fact that it didn't follow the exact same format as the other books.  I liked the fact that other than the fact that everyone predicted Bella and Edward would get married and that Bella would become a vampire, nobody predicted they were going to have a baby.  In turn nobody predicted that Jacob was going to imprint on said baby (this really is PERFECT if you really think about it).  I LOVED the unpredictability of the book in general.  I loved that there was a section from Jacob's point of view.  I'm not at all upset that Edward didn't get a point of view in this book because Edward is already getting a whole book from his point of view with Midnight Sun.  Pretty much the only thing that I didn't like in the book in all honesty was the name that she chose from the baby.  Seriously?  Renesmee?  Thank goodness she was able to shorten that down to Nessie.  Poor kid.  LOL<br /><br />Yeah... maybe some parts seemed a bit rushed.  But as a whole, I think she did a good job at finishing out the story from Bella's perspective.  I'm happy that we got to experience Bella as a vampire and how absolutely opposite she was from her human self.  I also liked the fact that she basically had her cake and got to eat it too in the fact that she didn't have to leave Charlie behind.  There was a whole lot more pros than cons in this book for me.  So much so that I'm willing to overlook the few things that might have bugged me.  =)<br /><br />Overall I give it an A+.
031606792X|5.0|I have to say that this book was so many different things for me. The first two books were absolutely amazing, on almost every page I was either screaming, cursing, or laughing...all out loud. The third book was a little bit different.  The tone of the narration felt different, as if it wasn't Bella speaking. I think that there was too much conflict and action for too long that the whole idea of Edward and Bella was lost for a while. But at the very end, it felt right. I think that the ending was perfect. I cried at the end because I was happy about the ending but also sad knowing that there would be no more Bella and Edward in the future for me to wait for.    All in all, I'm am very happy with the book.
031606792X|1.0|I am a Twilighter.     I only recommend this book to anyone who is willing to go through the pain of heartbreak as you see the magical world of Forks crumble around you. It is a book on its own, not an ending to our wonderful story.     If you musn't read it, then dont.. keep Eclipse as your ending and imagine the rest.     BD goes beyond all else, into a fanfiction-style of writing which seems not to have come from Stephenie's hand herself. It is anticlimactic and contradictory and negates everything SM stood for in her characters.    As the character evolve, they lose us in the process and the joy of being in their life gets sucked away (no pun intended)    It...is pain.     I will forever remain a twilighter.  Devoted and Hearbrokenly loyal-    A.R.
031606792X|4.0|The last book in this series kept me entertained for two days. I cannot confess to being so preoccupied with a book that I sacrificed sleep over it in a long time. While this book had its flaws, I forgave them because of the books ability to engross me into another world. I would have liked to give it 5 stars, however my only disappointment was that as I got to the end of the book I was hoping for a less peaceful resolution with the Volturi. I really wanted some action but all the other surprises that was in the book made up for the lack of it.     While reading the book, I was able to experience all sorts of emotions from excitement, happiness, surprise, anger, sadness, and a sense of resolution. I have to give credit to this book for doing something that most books never do for me--I actually laughed out loud and cried while reading it. All the other twilight books never brought such strong emotions form me, but I couldn't help but laugh at Jacob's blond jokes or Emmett's teasing. I couldn't help but get somewhat teary-eyed over the part where Bella had to contemplate sacrificing her life to save her daughter.    What I found most interesting is that even though Bella went through so many changes (and so did the other characters, especially Jacob), I could still connect with her. While I have never been pregnant or have become a vampire, I can connect with the way she loves so fiercely and without restraint or question. I love this series not because of the supernatural adventure or even for the sexy appeal of vampires (although that is a plus), but because the story is about unconditional love. You come to realize that Edward isn't perfect but yet even with his flaws, Bella loves him with an intense passion and the feeling is reciprocated by him for her as well.     As I closed the book after I read \\"the end,\\" my mind flashes back to the first day I fell in love with the series almost 3 years ago. I picked up the book in the young adults section and of course turned the book to read the back. When i read the first two things Bella was positive about--Edward being a vampire and he thirsted for her blood--I was not gripped by the story yet. It was only that last third thing that I remembered that gripped me into actually buying the book: \\"I was unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him.\\" That's where my love for twilight began--with a love story that went against the odds--and I'll continue to cherish the series and if I ever have a daughter I hope she'll enjoy the journey of Edward and Bella just as much as I did.
0060730552|5.0|Touching the Void is one of the best books I've ever read. Wow. I am still kind of stunned. I started it way too late at night and couldn't put it down. I went to work the next morning with only four hours of sleep.<br /><br />It's not even that the writing's good, per se. It is - it's VERY good. But the story itself and the way he wrote it is just amazing.<br /><br />I've read a lot about the high altitude hallucinations people have (conversations with your feet at 27000 ft or people sitting on your ice ledge telling you they have tea set up just around the corner) but his experience was not at all like that. He had what he calls a voice inside that was insistent about keeping to a timetable and doing certain things, especially as he dragged himself off the glacier. It was deeply fascinating and the only thing that made the suspense at all bearable was that I knew he must have lived, since, hello, holding his book in my hands. I could not put it down.<br /><br />I was also really impressed with the sections written by his climbing partner, Simon Yates. OUCH. Painful and honest but not self-exculpatory or irrational.<br /><br />Augh. This is the worst review ever. But, jeez. Read it! See for yourself!
031606792X|4.0|Very enjoyable.  As a 34-yr-old woman with a B.A. in English Literature as well, I found it a relief that Meyer did not subscribe to the grim and limiting \\"rules\\" of popular fiction and allowed her characters to create their own truth.  Yes, nearly all previous conflicts are resolved handily - and what's wrong with that?  Everybody needs a gratuitously fun read once in a while.  I look forward to her future endeavors.
031606792X|1.0|I'm 46 years old, and I bought the first 3 books for my teenage son.  He liked them so much that I read them myself; I was pleasantly surprised!  Although Meyer's writing is amateurish in places, she absolutely knows how to tell a tale.  For the most part, I was mesmerized.  In fact, I read the trilogy twice.  And there was so much great story build-up, and so much opportunity for character growth and excitement in this 4th book; I bought it at midnight and read it all night so my son could have it the next day.  Wow, am I ever disappointed.    To me, the first book was without question the strongest.  The second book was also strong and I really enjoyed the dynamic of the Jacob relationship.  It's true that Bella's incessant whining and ludicrously melodramatic pining for Edward (God, shut UP already about your 'wound'!) was aggravating enough to take me out of the story several times - but really, I couldn't put it down.  The third book was the weakest of the trilogy, in that there is very little action until the end, the school storyline was all but dropped, and there wasn't a lot of character development - especially from Perpetual Victim Bella, who continued to be incredibly needy and dependent (while inexplicably attractive to every male in Washington), as well as in peril at all times (I hope that doesn't make other young women WANT to be victims!).  But still, as I say, the series overall was gripping and enjoyable enough to have me impatiently awaiting Breaking Dawn.    [SPOILERS]    While I was waiting - I was hopeful.  I was hopeful that Bella would grow as a person and not be so needy(and tearful, and prone to fainting, and melodramatic, and selfish).  And I was REALLY hopeful that Bella would realize how incredibly dysfunctional her relationship with Edward was.  (I know the young girls LOVE Edward but please consider for a moment if his personality was NOT packaged in a perfect body with an angel face and velvet voice, as well as super strength and speed, a nice car, and piles of money. Imagine if Edward's personality was in a scruffy working-class joe.  I have to believe that most would then see his overbearing over-protectiveness and his controlling domineering nature as just what they are - sick and unpleasant.)  I felt that there was some good foreshadowing in the 2nd book (how unhealthy her mourning of Edward was & how she felt better with Jacob) and in the 3rd book (how she realized that she also loved Jacob & and how she was scared to become immortal)that gave me hope that in the end, Bella would see Edward for what he was - her first crush (and yes, those first loves are cripplingly strong) but not her forever love.  Neediness is not love!  Being told what to do and what to drive and who to be friends with is not being loved!  Being a victim is not sexy!  Desire to forsake your friends, family, and humanity is NOT healthy!  Stephanie Meyer had a great opportunity to show the growth of a young woman, to show the maturity that Bella could have gained that would have made her see the unhealthiness in her relationship(s)...  Bella could have acknowledged the Odious Edward as a first love and someone who would always have a place in her heart, but not someone with whom she'd spend eternity - forsaking her own identity in the process.  Bella could even have wound up as a College Freshman who cares about friends and education and life - without a boyfriend for a while!  There's huge opportunity for character growth there - as well perhaps as a lesson of sorts to Meyer's young readers.      But Meyer cops out incredibly.  Bella stays with Edward AND becomes immortal AND does not have to deal with any consequences for this (WTH?) AND has a baby (!) at 19.  What sort of a message is this?  During the entire tedious book I was cringing to imagine young impressionable girls fantasizing about finding a boyfriend who would tell them what to do, and be jealous of any other man they are friends with, and  over-protect them so they never have to learn to take care of themselves, and provide for them so they never have to learn to provide for themselves... a boyfriend they would give up everything for... but it would all be okay and have a happy ending and they would live happily ever after.  It sickened me.  All I can say is that I hope that the young women of today are mature and self-confident enough to take this series for what it is - an exciting fantasy tale - and not actually dream of an 'Edward' in their lives.    ETA:  I see that a lot of people are saying that the negative reviewers (such as myself) have a problem with happy endings.  I have no problems at all with happy endings!  What I have a problem with are happy endings that are too easy, and too neat, and require retcon and deus ex machinas galore to achieve.  They aren't 'real' - and of course I don't mean that vampires are real so everything in the book should be realistic - I mean that they aren't true to the story or, in this case, even to the canon of the story.  Things like that are a slap in the face to devoted fans - such as myself- who have invested time, money, thought, and emotion into these characters and this story, and (rightly) expect a good payoff - a conclusion that works within the framework that the author herself has created.    The author herself spent 3 books outlining and detailing the many things that Bella would have to give up in order to join the Cullens.  She set up the dilemma, the choice that Bella had to make.  And then she turned around and allowed Bella to become immortal (& stay with Edward) without actually having to lose anything or make any sacrifices at all!  It's fake, unearned, 'cheat' endings like this that I have a problem with - not happiness per se.    I do personally have a problem with Uber-Controlling Edward (I prefer hot to cold, life to death),  but I know that a lot of people like the Bella/Edward romance.  Stephanie Meyer could have kept Bella and Edward together andstill given a conclusion that would be palatable to me, and others.  All she had to do was stick to the canon of her world, and have Bella go through the things we thought she'd go through (losing friends and family, newborn-vamp strife, giving up the ability to have a child, etc) to become a vampire... and the inherent conflict in that (plus perhaps an Epic Battle or 2) would have made for a meaty read that stayed 'true' and was therefore satisfying.  But, as I said, she copped out and made it all too easy.    This ISN'T a fairy tale.  Fairy Tales are for young children.  This is a series for adults - both young & old - and I expect a mature level of writing that reflects that.  I didn't get it with BD, and I am pissed off about it.
031606792X|3.0|***Possible Spoiler Alert (but I will try to be as vague as possible)***     While I don't share the vitriol of the reviewers who seem ready to tar and feather Stephanie Meyer for Breaking Dawn, I am very disappointed in the direction she chose to take this series.     There are just too many moments when I was jerked out of the narrative by something out of character or too smarmy such as the terrible given name of a new main character or the deus ex machina that drives the plot along. Also, while I understand that Meyer is writing a wholesome romance with traditional family values I still expected something a little more exciting than a fade to black honeymoon followed by more self-imposed celibacy. However, I think where Meyer made her fatal mistake is when she forgot she was writing a YA book and instantly pulled her immature, self-conscious, spunky teenage heroine out of her adolescence and turned her overnight into a self-possessed, wise and dignified middle aged woman. I suppose we are to assume that the combination of marriage + maternity + vampirism is a major personality changer--and I would agree--but we are repeatedly assured that Bella is the same old girl after all these changes. Strangely she needs no time to acclimate to all her new roles and doesn't evolve so much as transform.   I fear that Meyer has essentially alienated the majority of her young audience (and even the married mommies like me) by taking the supernatural romance and destroying it by turning it into a mundane marriage complete with children, in-laws and politics. We all could fantasize about being a human who is worshipped and protected by a vampire and a werewolf but whose fantasies include a dangerous parasitic pregnancy and a husband who tries to pimp you out to your ex-crush? Ugh. (Well. There went the spoiler restraint I promised!)    My last criticisms are these: the last third of the book reads like a sexless Anita Blake novel with all the pointless melodramatic posturing between enemies that ends anticlimactically and I pause before I say this aloud but I think that Meyer's religion negatively affected her ability to weave a good yarn. It seems the only way for romance to flourish for her is to saddle an 18 year old child with marriage and kids. That's unfortunate because with the wealth and beauty that comes with mortality in these novels, the sky was the limit to Bella's adventures but now the isolated cottage is her kingdom--at least for the time being.    I don't intend on wasting any more time with this series. Good luck to those who who carry on.
0688014291|5.0|I read this book in my last year in university. I was a senior management student and after reading this book, I understood that during the past four years; I was not introduced to Ken Blanchard, and this masterpiece book.<br />I will keep it short. This book is actually not a book, it is an advisor when you need one, it is a friend who approves or shows you what to do in some common, but real life situations in business life. This book, I suggest, should be read by everybody (not necessarily only by managers or supervisors or employees but everyone who lives a social life) because it teaches you how to communicate with people. It is so easy to read, and one should read after and after so that the principles and ways are embedded and implemented by the readers. Thank you Ken Blanchard and his co-authors for writing this book.
031606792X|1.0|I expected better, even from Stephenie Meyer. There are so many ridiculous twists and laws Meyer created being broken left and right that it's hard to believe this isn't just bad fanfiction.     *SLIGHT SPOILER ALERT*  *SLIGHT SPOILER ALERT*  *SLIGHT SPOILER ALERT*  *SLIGHT SPOILER ALERT*  *SLIGHT SPOILER ALERT*    Not only that, Meyer hammers readers in the face with her unsettling support of women marrying young and popping out babies fresh out of high school. A woman is only good for being a wife and a mother, yes? Bella's the exact WRONG role model for today's teens.    Others have stated far more eloquently than I just exactly what is wrong with this book, so I will leave it at that, except to say that I can't believe this abomination was published.
B000MZHW40|5.0|Others have stated it, great movie.  Is there some America bashing, maybe a little.  But what all these people reviewing harp on is a scene in a bar with Danny and Maddy first meeting.  She kind of attacks him for his role in this and he comes back at her with an analogy of how they are in the same business, only she is American so he tells it in relation to her nationality.  Thats pretty much it and that when they first meet a TV is on with the whole Bill Clinton/Monica Lewinsky fiasco going on.      Now, is that America bashing?  Its all in context to what is going on in the story.  Especially the Clinton part.  Thats pretty much there to show 2 things:    1) When this whole RUF, Sierra Leon conflict was going on.  Most people know little about it, let alone when it happened.  This just puts in our minds when this is going on and most people remember roughly where they were in there lives at that time.  2) It also is there to show the viewers at how certain things get more attention than others.  The line was something like this \\"The world is falling apart and all people care about is BJ's\\"  Now that was coming from an American journalist in Africa reporting on Blood Diamonds, who knows more of what is going on in the world than most people.  And she wasn't watching this in America, they were watching this in West Africa, so its not like we Americans were the only ones to focus on that.    That all goes down in about 2 minutes, so I am not sure why everyone takes offense to it.  As for the stats they give I don't know if they are accurate, there are diamonds and then there are industrial diamonds, I think they are referring to consumer diamonds.  And if you want to more on this do a little research on the subject.  You will find it was pretty ugly, the diamond business in general is pretty ugly, and in fact diamonds are really not all that rare.  Do some research on DeBeers and see what you find.  I watched a documentary on this conflict before seeing this movie,and I thought it was pretty true to the conflict.     Just my thoughts.
031606792X|1.0|The first three books in the Twilight saga follow a high-school aged girl named Bella Swan and her vampire love interest, Edward Cullen. It is about Bella and Edward's struggle to deal with their feelings, the difficulties their differences present and how they overcome all of it. Throw in a love triangle and a little bit of violence, and you've got a winning combination for a great story.    This book is none of those things.    Stephenie Meyer set up rules about her world. Vampires must drink blood, they sparkle in the sun and they cannot have children. She blatantly violated one of these rules: Bella has a child by Edward.    It seems as if the author is trying to force her own values onto the reader. Bella is 18, just out of high school and now married with a child. No college, no additional experiences. Edward was trying to fight for her to have these opportunities in the last three books, yet Bella refused. Was this Bella refusing or Meyer?    None of the characters were in character throughout this book. Bella complains as much as she ever has, but suddenly she has motherly instincts and cannot let go of her pregnancy, which actually threatens the safety of everyone near her. Edward becomes a piece of the furniture, having no real interactions with Bella except for where their child is concerned, or when Bella is begging for sex. He also tries to ask Jacob to father a child with Bella in order to give her what she wants. Rosalie loses all of the ground she has gained towards being a good person in the third book and becomes what Jacob calls a \\"psycho blond\\" (an apt description). And Alice, Jasper, Esme and Carlisle? They have their moments but are forgotten the majority of the time.    The only characters who were interesting in this book that is supposedly about Bella and vampires, were Jacob and his werewolves. Jacob finally became a decent person after being a forceful, pig-headed idiot in the third book. It is sad that the only character development in anearly 800 page book occurs with the secondary characters and not the primary ones.    There was no action nor any climax to this novel. The static tone Meyer took throughout was boring and created no tension. The baby is born, Bella changes and there are no problems. The Volturi are coming, new vampires are introduced, they talk it over and there is no fight. All of these pre-established difficulties just melt away under the title 'happily ever after.'    Going the route of the epilogue for the Harry Potter book 7, Meyer chooses an awful and absolutely ridiculous name for Bella's child. Renesmee. A combination of her mother's and Edward's adopted mother's name.     Jacob imprints on this child after it is born and completely loses all of the ground he has gained in this novel. He is no longer Jacob Black because he now only exists for Renesmee.    This is tying up everything into too neat of a bow. No one is ever this happy, nothing works out exactly as you planned and your life is not always complete once you have married and had a child. It does not work that way and it causes the entire series to be called into question. Why have the struggle to choose in Eclipse, when it all works out for everyone, without sacrifice, in Breaking Dawn?    The entire book rings false and leaves this reviewer regretting the time spent reading the novel and the money that was spent on it. In one of her recent concert series interviews, Meyer states that the publishers wanted her to reduce it to just three novels, but she fought for it because she wanted to tell Renesmee's story. Personally, I think that this book should have stayed on the cutting room floor.
B001437DMA|3.0|Like most of the rest of you, I am a devoted Satriani fan, and have idolized the ground he walks on ever since I saw him in concert back in 1989 and had the honor of meeting him. I just bought this album a couple of days ago, and for the most part I am disappointed. It is a so-so album. I was pleasantly surprised by Super Colossal and I still listen to it often. His solos were sharp and the songs were very catchy. I'm in a band, and I base my ratings of an album by the likelihood of me playing a song during a gig. Other than the last two songs, and maybe Overdriver, nothing grabs me like his older material does. It seems like most of the album sans Asik Veysel and Andalusia were old \\"B\\" sides. I Just Wanna Rock is Crowd Chant all over again except it is cheesy. I did like the solo, but the remaining parts of the song were not good. I hate to be critical of the man who has kept me absolutely captivated over the past 20 years, but this is not his best work. Maybe Father Time is catching up to him. I hope he puts some new wrinkles into his next album.
031606792X|2.0|Even though people are pretty upset with Meyer taking the easy way out I thought it was okay. I mean my reaction after reading Breaking Dawn through the first time was \\"This was the way she wanted it to end?!?\\" From the beginning Stephenie Meyer said that she knew the ending to her story because originally Twilight was a novel. All my friends kept saying, \\"This is not Twilight.\\" I think that her only downfall was Stephenie Meyer wanting a happy ending for all the characters she loved. Even if she went a little too far with the unrealistic ending I can honestly say I'm happy for Bella and what she turned out with. After everything she's been through she deserves happiness, even if it is unrealistic. The part that ruined the book most for me was book 2: Jacob.    Is it just me or does everything with Jacob Black make me depressed? Personally, I think that if that middle section was from Bella's point of view it would have made a HUGE difference as to how we feel about the book. If instead of seeing Bella being stubborn and killing the ones she loves (jacob and edward) from Jacob's perspective, we saw her struggle with sacrificing her own life to save her baby's. What if it was killing Bella to put Edward through more pain, what if she really did want to go to college and stay human for a while longer, what if she knew she was going to die and not be able to stay with Edward forever (even though she tried to convince herself that she would be turned into a vampire before she actually died)? If that was included in the book instead of Jacob's section I really think that it would have been a better book. Jacob's imprinting on their daughter is ridiculous, but if that section was from Bella's point of view Jacob Black would be out of the picture and Bella would have some consequence to becoming a vampire. Everything after Bella becoming a vampire would have fit right into place and it would have been a great ending to this saga.
031606792X|1.0|Without going into detail, I will simply say this book was beyond disappointing to me. I am an avid fan of the other three books in the Twilight series, but this one didn't even seem to be related to those. Certain elements of the plot were ridiculous, the characters didn't resemble themselves, and some of the main characters were hardly even present. The love story is lost, except on two pages at the end, which simply felt out of place and odd. In no way could I possible recommend this book - in fact, I'm embarrassed I spoke so eagerly awaiting it's release. What's even more horrifying, is that Stephanie Meyer said that she's had this ending secure in her mind since the beginning...oh my.
031606792X|3.0|It's been three days since I finished reading the book, and I haven't stopped laughing about Nessie. Seriously. I'm cracking up just thinking about it. And there are spoilers in this review. So if you're one of the four people left in the world who hasn't read 'Breaking Dawn', be warned.     The first book was exactly what I'd been hoping for. Wedding. Honeymoon. Sex. Finally. I didn't have to read about 'should-we-or-shouldn't-we'. (Tangent: there's not sex so much as the allusion that there has been or will be sex. The scenes are all either the build up or the afterglow. To those people who say that the book is too graphic, I say keep away from anything written by V.C. Andrews. Your head will implode.) I was happy as a clam.      And then came the end of 'book one'. Where the story took a sharp left at bizarre going 90 miles an hour.   The introduction of an unplanned (and oddly supersonic) pregnancy seemed unnecessary. In my mind, it took away from the relationships between all the characters, because the focus shifted away from the main players and onto Rosemary's Baby. Book One rushed to it's conclusion, without taking enough time to explore the reactions of Bella, Edward, and the rest of the Cullens.       Cue Book Two, which was an odd experience at best. There were certain aspects that I enjoyed, like the Jacob breaking off from the rest of the pack, but most of it seemed like filler. Almost like she didn't know how to get from \\"Wow I'm pregnant' to 'Wow I'm a vampire'. But if that was the problem, why not write from Edward's perspective? It would have been much more interesting, and would have had the same effect. And to top things off, a scene straight out of 'Alien'. The screaming! The snapping bones! The blood! The living organism eating its way out of it's host body! All that was missing was Sigourney Weaver and a flamethrower.    And then came Book Three. The book I'd been waiting for. Bella becomes a vampire. YAY! That was cool. Everything about the first part of book three, from Bella transitioning to waking up to her first hunt - I admit, I was fascinated. From there on, I was able to ignore most of the elements that bothered me. Because frankly,  if I'd spent time being angry about the imprinting and the baby and the lack of climax and the absence of Alice I wouldn't have enjoyed the book much. And I wanted to enjoy it. So I enjoyed what everyone else enjoyed. All the major issues were resolved. Bella and Edward really are together forever and ever. Jacob isn't going to throw himself off the Cliffs of Insanity and into the Pit of Despair. Everyone got a happy ending, and I can't say that I ever expected anything else. True, the book had no epic battle scene (which would have been great) or much in the way of character development or growth (which would have been appreciated), but no one ever promised me the second coming of Madeline L'Engle.     This series has always been about being in love for the first time, about two people who can't live without each other, and come alive when they meet. That's what makes them compulsively readable. The books have never been about the epic struggle between good and evil. Going in that direction would have been a complete departure from the story arc. The book was decent. I'm glad I read it.  Stephanie Meyer has every right to do with her book, plot and characters as she sees fit - and she told the story she wanted to tell. I respect that, and I'm pleased to have 'Breaking Dawn' on my shelf.
031606792X|1.0|I don't write many reviews, but I am compelled to do so in this case.    -NO SPOILERS-    Let me begin by saying that I found the first three books to be mediocre. The writing style was immature and the characters rather one demensional, but they were an easy read and garnered enough of my interest to keep me reading as they came along. It wasn't as though I was expecting a master work, given the concept and the genre, and I was okay with the books for what they were. All books can't be 'Where the Red Fern Grows' or 'To Kill a Mocking Bird' and there is nothing wrong with that. Some books should be read just for fun.    All that in mind, I went into Breaking Dawn with very low expectations. I was prepared for a light read in the same vein as the other three - not great, not even very good, but a way to kill a few hours and have a few laughs.    I laughed all right, but not at the text. I found it laughable that S. Meyer and her publishers think themselves justfied in charging money for this book. (I've already returned my copy for a refund - thank you very much)    This book is so deeply flawed in so many ways that I am not even sure where to begin. The first several chapters are actually passable, and were pretty much what I expected, but then we get to the honeymoon and it's all down hill from there.    This book contains huge plot holes and situations that ask the reader to suspend their disbelief beyond tollerable proportions. I get that it is fantasy (self-insert Mary-Sue and all), but even in fantasy the author is accountable to the rules that they lay down in their own world, and those rules cannot simply be discarded to insert a poorly contrived plot device. It makes your readers feel as though they have been lied to or betrayed depending on how deeply involved they are in the story and its characters.    Also, the characters do not behave as you would expect them to based on three books worth of history, nor do they behave as any reasonable person would insuch circumstances - they are unbelievable and thus unrelatable. Again, I know that an author can have his/her characters behave how they wish, but a change in behavior or attitude must be adequately explained in the text. We must be shown, not told the characters' reasons for their words and actions and in this book that just doesn't happen.    Aside from the outrageous plot or lack there of and the total abscence of character development, many things happen that are not only distasteful at best or offensive at worst, situations that are clearly unhealthy or negative being portrayed as acceptable and more than that as the ideal.    I don't believe that there is any situation that can't be explored in literature if done properly, but S. Meyer is simply not skilled enough as a writer to take on serious subject matter and in fact often fails at her intent by making it seems as if it is the readers fault for mistaking her meaning.    This book was disappointing and I feel badly for the die hard fans who were given this to finish out there series.     On a side note:   True love does not disable your vehicle or bribe its sister to hold you hostage, even if she turns it into a party. True love does not sneak in your room at night and watch you sleep without you knowing. True love does not force itself on you even when you push it away. True love does not threaten suicide to get you to kiss it again.     And loving fathers do not laugh and give a thumbs up sign when learning a boy kissed their daughter against her will and resulted in her breaking her hand on his face.
031606792X|5.0|I loved Breaking Dawn, I loved every single word of it. I didn't read one spoiler and am happy I didn't. I can only speak for myself and as a teen, I loved it and thought it was amazing in every aspect, my friends agree. I think everyone should read this series, and I can only hope they love it as much as me, it took my breath away and was amazing.
031606792X|5.0|For those of you who read and weren't happy with Breaking Dawn because you wanted a tragedy, well a simple disagreeing shake of my head to YOU.  There's enough violence and tragedy in this world everyday, why shouldn't we be allowed to escape from it through the \\"happily ever after\\" ending.     For those of you who think that Breaking Dawn was a bad read because it promotes teenage pregnancy and doesn't promote the idea of going to college, again a simple disagreeing shake of my head to YOU.  That my friends is where good parenting comes in; parenting that goes beyond just allowing children to read or watch things that may have a negative influence on them without discussing those influences later.    I'm not the teenage reader, but I have a 13yr old of my own that has read all of the books as well.  Thank you for the experience of sharing the roller coaster of emotions with my daughter it has been quite an adventure! WE LOVED EVERY TWIST AND TURN!    From Twilight through Breaking Dawn, each book was a totally exciting and romantic page turner.  Each piece of the story fit so well together it doesn't cease to amaze me that such talent still exists in literature.  I could feel the work going on in my head to put the characters and their feelings, the places and events in action; that open freedom of my mind was exhilirating and fresh.  Thank you again, Stephenie Meyer for such a great read!!!
B0001WTVUW|5.0|I remember watching this movie on tv when it came out.  I was telling someone about it and decided to look it up...thanks amazon...now I can share this great movie with everyone.
B0016HNOXQ|5.0|That's right, STOP IT fellow reviewers!!!   Stop comparing Portishead albums.  Each album is unique, beautiful and distinctively Portishead: electronic, dynamic, ambient, driving, moody, poetic.  If you had never heard Portishead music before (assuming you like edgy electronic rock to begin with) and were given the Third album as an introductory to their music you would either fall in love with it (or not)  just as much as you would (or wouldn't) with either one of their other two albums. It's the substance of their music that should be qualified regardless of the time period in which it was produced.  Having said that, Third is marvelously musically  Portishead, It'll shut you down and turn you on.
031606792X|1.0|I have to say I was completely dissatisfied with this book.  I felt like Stephenie got to Aug. 1st and realized that the book was due the 2nd and threw together a story.    SPOILERS!!!  Lets just start with Jacob imprinting on Bella's daughter.  STUPID!!  \\"Oh' I need to make Jacob happy for all the readers on his side so I'll have him imprint on Bella's 1/2 vampire daughter.\\"  Then the fact that a vampire doesn't go the bathroom but SUDDENLY has \\"swimmers\\".  WHATEVER!!  Needless to say I GAVE my book away because I will NEVER be tempted to read it again and won't encourage others to read it.  She should have ended with Eclipse and let the reader pick their own ending.  A TOTAL LETDOWN!!!
031606792X|5.0|This book ended so beautifully and I couldn't ask for  better ending.  I really don't understand how people can give this book such a bad review.
031606792X|5.0|I don't know why anyone was surprised by this book. It was so easy to see what was going to happen. SM writes in such a way you can just for see the whole thing. Don't know if that's good or bad, but I personally like an element of surprise or maybe even a few different scenarios that could come into play. So that for me was a bit annoying. I also think this book was much more adult. I am 27 and think that the age 12 recommendation is a bit young.  But all and all I gave it 5 stars because it was entertaining. And in my opinion if you really love Edward and Bella who wouldn't want this ending for them? WOuld you rater they die? Maybe. I don't know, I liked it. But yeah I think maybe the books should have ended with Eciplise with a few added chapters to us in on what happens after the wedding. I don't think that there was an underlying message that she was trying to tell young girls to marry at 18 and have babies. That's just stupid. I think people read into that stuff WAY too much. It's a fairy tale just ENJOY!
031606792X|2.0|I saw so much potential for an amazing story...but I was disappointed on so many levels.  There were parts of this book that showed such promise.  Bella's change, the coming of the Volturi, the introduction of the new vampires (some of them were interesting or really had the chance to be).  Somewhere along the way, this book just lost itself.     I am all for happy endings, in fact I crave them.  But just like in real life, I know that to get to the happy ending, there are struggles.  Bella didn't have to really face any.  She is perfect, everything goes her way, she has none of the struggles that anyone else went through in becoming a vamp, adjusting to life, battling the evil.  Just nothing.      I'm actually struggling to leave this review.  I think so many people before me covered what was wrong with this novel.  The vampire baby, the gruesome way the child came into this world, and then.....just as you thought there would be complications having this child....BAM!  The baby is perfect.  Just like Bella.     I can't even find the words to describe how saddened I was.  When parts of the book had potential to be amazing, they just floundered. When the storyline actually got interesting, banality took over and everything worked out just perfect in Bella's perfect life with her perfect husband and perfect baby.    I'm not going to go into all the spoiler's, there is no reason to as many people have stated them in a better way than I can at this point.  I will just say that I feel sorry for Stephenie Meyer.  She dropped the ball.  She had the universe, she had the characters, she had everything to make this an interesting read.  Instead she turned it into a travesty of itself and the series.      Yes, the series was fluff and a total guilty pleasure kind of thing, but for some reason, I expected more.  Not this muddled mix of too many ideas that never really meld.      You do get a happy ending, but at what cost?  No cost to Bella....only to the quality of the book and to what could have been an amazing story.
031606792X|1.0|Since my first post got deleted, as seems to be the practice with many reviews below three stars, I decided to write another one reiterating my disappointed with this latest installment.    The entire book felt live a contrived plot device designed to create a story without an ounce of conflict or character development.  Despite it's inordinate length, Breaking Dawn doesn't say all that much.  Bella makes her choice, but never has to deal with consequences or loss.  Her relationship with Jacob is negated so that everyone gets their happy ending, and then the book comes to an end.    Oh, and did I mention that Bella *begs* for sex?  Not exactly the type of message I'm interested in having kids read.  Sorry, but for me the series ends at Eclipse.
6305313687|5.0|penso che questo sia il pi bel film che io abbia mai visto. recitato meravigliosamente, diretto bene, fotografia bellissima... insomma il massimo! edward norton poi il miglior attore in circolazione oggi.  amato e apprezzato anche in Italia.
031606792X|5.0|*SPOILER ALERT!! DON'T READ IF YOU HAVEN'T READ THE BOOK!!*    *Warning--long review ahead*    It was nothing at all like I expected, but I still loved it.  What a wonderful series.  Personally I don't put alot of \\"message\\" in these books.  I read them because I enjoy them more than any other series I have ever read, I'm totally addicted.  They're comedy, romance, danger, and action rolled into one.  If you want a fantasy series with a ton of meaning, read the Sword of Truth series.    Of course they had to get married and have their ultra-romantic honeymoon.  And sure, Bella loves sex.  Big surprise there.  What totally threw me was the PREGNANT THING!!  OMG!!!  I read on on either Meyer's webiste or the twilight lexicon--reliable sources I thought--that vampires couldn't reproduce because females have no eggs and the males have no sperm.  However, I totally accept the rights of the author to change the laws of her own fantasy world!! I was floored when I read it, and then I couldn't put the book down.  As for Bella's reaction, I can imagine a similar mothering reaction if I ever discovered I was pregant when I didn't neccesarily want to be.  I don't know about after the baby started killing me from the inside, but who knows?  One of the main themes of these books: love is irrational!!  Sometimes it makes no sense!!  I was also tickled by Bella's alliance with Rosealie.    And then!!  A total change in perspective.  I love Jake, but I was irritated at first when he took over for Bella.  After a chapter or two though, it became my favorite part of the book.  I love how he becomes the alpha and makes his own pack.  I love that he defends the vampires and eventually befriends them, its perfect.  It was also nice to get a break from Bella and the loviness of her and Edward--a little tiring after 3+ books and see it from an outside perspective.    And then came several changes: Jake imprinting on Renesmee, the perspective flipping back to Bella, Bella being changed.  Asfar as Jake imprinting on an infant (though not a normal infant), I don't think its creepy.  Its like Jake explanined to Bella in Eclipse (or was it New moon?) about Quil--when she's a baby there's nothing romantic about it.  If there was, then sure, it would be way perverted and sick.  But how it is, Jake is like a older brother to her--a completely dedicated, intensely loving older brother.  When she's older, that will change.  And even though Jake will be so much older than her then, how will it be different from Bella and Edward??  After all, he's not aging either.    After this, everything was happy for awhile.  The book lost a bit of its appeal for me at this point, but not much.  I mean, through these books, Bella, Edward & Jacob's lives have been one enormous, dramtic hell.  Finally, here is a stretch where everything works out for them, and I'm really glad the author gave them that.  I think, bad as it sounds, reading about happy, functional, non-dangerous lives just isn't as interesting as the opposite.  So it slowed down--but it was good.    Then the finale!!  Battle with the Volturi!!  Bound to happen once again.  I liked the way it was portrayed--the 'good guys' (Volturi) trying to get what they want, stay the most powerful, and not lose their image.  I also liked how Bella was able to do something other than ordinary, with her shield and extreme control.  She did grow up, finally was on equal footing with the supernatural beings she hangs out with, and found her place in the world.  I'm glad Jake is still her friend too.    As for the happy ending?  I felt the same way after the Host--annoyed at first that, after all that, everything was happy.  I realized soon though, that I'm a sucker for happy endings.  Its fantasy.  And I believe we shouldn't become so cynical that we can't believe in happy endings in real life.  Life actually doesn't suck, people.    Over all--wonderful read.  Can't wait to go through the series again.
031606792X|4.0|I gave the first three books in the \\"Twilight\\" saga five stars each, and, as I said in the title of my review, \\"Breaking Dawn\\" does not reach the same level of organization, believability, or emotional involvement as they did.  That said, I cannot dismiss the novel, either.<br /><br />I found the final book in the series to be an enjoyable read, with its characters just as engrossing.  While I felt that the author could have expanded her explanation of certain issues, I'm glad that readers were given a chance to see the first few months of Bella's life after her transformation, to witness her adjustment to a new lifestyle with its unique obstacles.<br /><br />The only thing that I believe to be a \\"cop-out\\" on the part of Stephenie Meyer, is her handling of Jacob's imprinting.  To me, it would have been more realistic to develop the situation along similar lines to Sam's relationship with Emily.  Neither Jacob nor Bella feel any twinges of love for each other after he imprints on Reneesme;  it's as if they barely remember having those feelings.  It would have been more realistic to see each character react to the transformation of their feelings, to give readers a better sense of closure along with the two characters.<br /><br />Certainly, however, I recommend giving this book a try, with an open mind and an open heart.
031606792X|5.0|I fully enjoyed the book. It was well written with lots of great twists that I never saw coming. It's my favorite in the series. To those who have been so nasty with your criticism, I say stop looking for a message. Enjoy the read. And remember that it's a young adult novel. I think the author handled what happened in the book very responsibly.
031606792X|4.0|I liked this book, and all the others in the series.  I appreciated the fact that it was FICTION and not meant to guide young lives or whatever other crap everyone has been saying.    I thought it was fitting that Jacob imprinted with Bella's child.  A \\"not quite human with a not quite human\\".  It worked for me.  Yes, it tied it all up in a nice bow, but so what.    I enjoyed it, and will read it again.  I think everyone is overthinking it.
031606792X|5.0|I only recently became a Stephanie Meyer fan.  I seem to recall a friend recommending Twilight but I didn't get around to picking up a copy of the 1st book until one day when I spotted a Meyer display promoting the release of the 4th book int he series, Breaking Dawn.  I picked up a copy of Twilight and decided to wait until I had read that book before buying the series.  I started reading Twilight and was immediately fixated on the depth of the characters and compelling story line.  I flew through the first 3 books and couldn't wait for Breaking Dawn.  I think Meyer did a great job with her latest book in the series, although, I have to admit that I wasn't completely sold on the half-human/half vampire Edward/Bella baby but I thought Meyer did a very good job of telling the 'rest of the story.'  Offering different prespectives, from Bella's point of view to Jakob's view point, I thought that the story was weaved quite well.    From some of the other reviews, not everyone is happy with the ending of the series, but I find that this book offers a really nice ending to the Edward/Bella storyline.
031606792X|5.0|Do people understand this book is fiction? What is the uproar about Bella not going to college, marrying too early, and getting a happy ending? Do you think vampires and werewolves are real too? This is a fairy tale and Ms. Meyer should be able to make her characters do anything she wants. Why should this story follow any typical real world pattern when it is very far removed from the real world? It is a fairy tale. I think insulting the author's religion and values is very distasteful. If you don't like the story that is one thing but insulting the author personally is another. Everyone has an opinion but be respectful.    I enjoyed the plot twists in the book. I never expected a pregnancy or the story to be told from Jacob's perspective. I didn't enjoy the birth scene but didn't we all expect that Bella would become a vampire in a life/death situtation anyway? I loved seeing all the other vampires from around the world. I'm sorry this is the end of Edward and Bella's story. I hope there are more stories from Forks.
031606792X|2.0|First of all- extremely disappointed in Stephenie Meyer's latest attempt. I have been completely bewildered up unto this point as to why her novels have been getting progressively worse until I saw a very revealing interview in which Ms. Meyer commented that she \\"did not write Twilight for mass numbers of people to read...[she] doesn't know why people like it so much\\". This leads me to believe that Stephenie Meyer wrote Twilight for herself, and was thus true to herself. After its extradordinary- and relatively well-deserved- popularity, I think Ms. Meyer was simply at a loss between staying faithful to her characters and pleasing her audience. What she didn't realize, as few new authors do, is that the two must always go hand in hand. By attempting to make everyone happy, Stephenie Meyer has essentially destroyed the magic of the Twilight series, and has done so with particular prominence in this latest novel.    I will avoid spoilers in this review- there are plenty with spoilers, if you're curious, and I would recommend that the casual Twilight reader borrow the book from the library in order to judge for yourself if Stephenie Meyer has ruined the books as badly as most people, including myself, believe. It's hardly a boring read; the essence of the characters is mangled beyond recognition, but Ms. Meyer at least keeps the reader hooked.    For the more avid Twilight fan, however, I would highly recommend trying to avoid the hype and letting yourself end the novels at Eclipse. It's an interesting end to the stories, and the reader is hardly able to avoid inventing their own endings, probably far more true, in many cases, than the one created by Stephenie Meyer. I am currently working through my own close to the book, simply because I have grown to love Stephenie's characters, and I can't bear to see them thrown to the wasteside as they have been in Breaking Dawn. Do not spend money on this book. You will likely have a friend/local library that would be happy to lend you a copy if you're really curious, and I think it's far more fun to create an origianl ending in one's own head. My only hope is that, with Midnight Sun, Stephenie Meyer will not \\"write for us\\", but will instead write a novel for herself that we will then have the privilege to enjoy as we once did Twilight.
0143113100|1.0|I am, and always have been, fascinated by the brain, and the plasticity of the brain is nothing new.  This idea has come up in many books about the brain over the past several years, and is pretty much common knowledge. I find the author contradicts himself in several places, making the point of the plasticity of the brain in one part, then stating the old behaviorists' mantra, basically, you are the product of your upbringing (I think this is contradictory because people are flexible enough to become the person they choose to become, not that they are destined to become something because they had a bad childhood).  I'm halfway through the book, and it seems to me the author has the goal of pushing Fast ForWord and the products from Posit Science. With a little research, one can find both companies were founded by Dr. Merzenich, and they are very costly.  The Fast ForWord program is only available to schools for a hefty sum, and the brain exercises by Posit Science cost $400 for one user (that was the least expensive version). If people suffering from autism, Asberger's, and other spectrum disorders, could be helped by these kinds of programs, don't you think they would be made more affordable in order to help as many families as possible?   I think the book, The Mind and the Brain: Neuroplasticity and the Power of Mental Force, sums it up (although unintentionally)on page 234: \\"...the month after the Science publication (in 1996), Merzenich (et al)...raised enough private financing to form Scientific Learning Corp., the first company dedicated to making money from neuroplasticity.\\"  Merzenich-and his research and products- is nearly the main focus of the book. That is why I think this book is just another sales pitch for a high-priced program.  Apparently only the wealthy should be helped, perhaps?  Or maybe this is another way to prey on the fears of the elderly, those who fear dementia.
031606792X|4.0|I'm giving 3 1/2 stars.  I too loved the first three books.  For me, I enjoyed Breaking Dawn and it did bring closure, but missed because it just didn't leave me asking for more as the other books did.  It wasn't written with the same passion as the others - ones that I wanted to read over and over again and immerse myself in.  The style here felt choppy, maybe not well thought out, and the characters kinda fizzled.  I feel disappointed, maybe even cheated, because the story could have been so much better.
031606792X|4.0|I really loved the \\"happily ever after.\\"  Who wants to read four super long books just for their beloved characters to die or not be happy?  Would you ever read them again?  I loved how Bella finally grew up and matured.  I loved that her relationship with Edward became more equal instead of \\"I'm helpless. Save me.\\"  I loved that they were still madly physically and emotionally tied after her change.  As for everyone who says, \\"where's the action?\\"  It's a romance novel!  (Also, I think she was leaving it open to further confrontation if she ever does write more from a different character's point of view like she has mentioned wanting to do.)  I didn't think it was perfect, but I absolutely enjoyed it and was very satisfied with the book.
B001ACY8D2|5.0|Ok , i am not from ICELAND nor do i understand icelandic language. But music is a universal language. This record firmly keeps 'music' a common food for our soul.    Brilliant ?. YES !. This album takes your mind and heart to places you can only dream about. I love the piano played all through out the album. The catchy riffs , the landscape vibe , the super rich vocals, just everything about this record is superb.    I wish i owned a LP player , they say a record sounds warmer in an LP. If you do have an LP , buy the LP of this record. This music is for the rain. Play it when a rainy afternoon or a chilly evening. You will be warmed up, for certain.
0671027387|4.0|I like how this book completely surprised me!  I thought I knew what was going to happen, but no!  I really liked it.  Very enthralling and captivating.
031606792X|5.0|I truly loved this novel! Meyer did an amazing job of making me hate \\"the monster\\" that Bella was carrying.  I was horror struck that she was keeping it.  Of course, all was meant to be...and I prefer to have a happy ending as opposed to people dieing.  What does it say about our society when people are upset that people are living when all is said and done?  Give me a break!  Enjoy this book for what all the other books in this series are: entrancing, thrilling, and passionate!
031606792X|1.0|I won't write much because I can't waste anymore time on this book or author.    Twilight was great.  New Moon was horrible, Bella was a whiny little brat.  Eclipse reeled me back in.  Breaking Dawn was a joke.  A complete joke.  What a horrible ending to this series.  Do over!
B000R013EA|4.0|Being a bit of a \\"music snob\\", in that I am a student of music (vocal performance, composition, jazz), and a voice teacher, take my review with a grain of salt if you like.<br /><br />First of all, the vocals... quite amazingly good, actually. Not the \\"screamer\\" metal that I've heard all too often, but a nice, open, supported sound. The harmonies are lovely (am I allowed to use such a \\"sissy\\" word when reviewing metal?).<br /><br />The instrumentalists certainly have a unique way of presenting their craft. It is true skill that allows the guitars to \\"shred\\" (see, I know the lingo!) like they do on this album.<br /><br />Already discussed to the point of nausea is the fact that the lyrics are ridiculously silly. But after Bob Dylan, not much is left to be written. Plus, I sing opera... quite possibly the cheesiest lyrics on the planet. The difference is, when you sing in Italian, it all sounds good!<br /><br />So, I got this in order to expand my musical understanding (something I do quite a bit), and because it was $2.99 for the day (I'm adventurous, but cheap). I'm not disappointed, and am interested in relaying this to my brothers' kids who are interested in guitar & other types of music.
031606792X|4.0|I can't believe so many people have been so harsh.  It was not quite as good as Twilight (and I must admit, that I totally guessed Bella's powers, but I totally banked on more from a character or 2 who barely had a page's worth of time), but I think it was a very fitting way to end the series.  All 4 books will get read and re-read and re-read again by me.  The only thing that keeps me from giving this 5 stars is that I felt that Stephanie was a little uncomfortable writing the 2nd Act from Jacob's point of view.  It was good for the story, but I just felt like that was harder to read - and not as interesting.  As for Bella's actions, I just keep remembering that this is FICTION - it doesn't have to be realistic... and I think that the overall message of family and love conquering is the right message.  I also think it reminded me of that all consuming, take your breath away, irrational, powerful first love - and sometimes, there are people who can make that first love last an eternity - that's a good message in my mind too.  I really liked it - it is my 2nd favorite of the 4 (although, I leave room for it to be moved down a spot after Midnight Sun is published - I can't wait to get inside Edward's head!!!)  I couldn't put it down, and am now in the middle of re-reading it already.  I would recommend it to fans of the fantasy/romance/vampire type stories.
031606792X|2.0|So I am going to start this review by saying that I am not a typical, obsessed \\"I heart Edward!!!!!\\" teenage Twilight fan- I am in my 20's and have always enjoyed the Vampire genre, stumbled upon these books a few months ago while searching for something to read during the long winter months, and was pretty intrigued by the darkness of her second (and best, in my opinion) book \\"New Moon\\" (I kind of thought \\"Twilight\\" was a little too childish and picture-perfect- I like Edward generally, but Bella's relationship with Jacob intrigued me much more since it was conducted on such a psychological level). I liked \\"Eclipse\\" (the antagonism between the characters was very well written and emotional), and was excited about \\"Breaking Dawn\\" despite the fact that I assumed Bella would end up with Edward at the end of the day (though I was fervently hoping that she would find a way to stay human). I wasn't expecting a work of literary genius here; I consider these books fun, easy reads with well developed and emotional story arcs that allow you to get lost in a fantasy world while providing some basic real-life metaphors (as all fantasy does). My qualm with \\"Breaking Dawn\\" is simply that through the course of the book this fantasy world becomes a rather boring caricature of itself- losing all tension and drama when the narrator, a flawed human who has always served as the eyes of the audience by peeking in but never fully existing in this fantastical world, becomes herself a powerful, perfected, and full member of a society that we simply cannot relate to. Suddenly all humanity is drained from the story; as the audience, we feel cheated that EVERYBODY (including a baby who is completely unnecessary and pretty annoying in her one-sided, paper-doll lovability) is above us now. We are shut out of the story, and the characters who we have grown to love because of their depth are either absent (Alice? Charlie? Billy?) or become one-dimensional to service a poorly-established final stand-off with the Volturi (Edward, Bella, Jacob, Carlisle).    Unlike other readers, I didn't have an issue with the portion of the book written from Jacob's perspective (I actually thought this was the best part of the book, especially in his developing relationship with Leah). Nor do I have a problem with the sex scenes on the island- I found the honeymoon to be pretty amusing despite being overdone.  And, being a fantasy fan, I have no problem suspending belief for the sake of a good story, even for something as far-fetched as Bella's pregnancy. But having the emotional thread of the novel balance on a one-dimensional character we barely know, in concurrence with stripping Bella of her depth and treating her complicated friendship with Jacob as something that can simply be cured through convenient imprinting- rubbed me the wrong way. Gone was the heartbreaking end of \\"Eclipse\\" with her lost vision of dark-haired children, or the humor of her initial encounters with Edward in \\"Twilight\\", or the painful and sharply cerebral self-destruction of \\"New Moon.\\" Here we have a perfect baby, a perfect family, a perfect cottage, a perfect future couple, who all are perfectly powerful beyond belief. One book ago, Stephenie Meyer captivated us with stories of warring Vampire covens and Native American sacrifices and balancing physical with emotional power to make even the most flawless character vulnerable. These details are what gave this series life- Charlie's lumpy spaghetti, Jacob's warm sodas, Edward's love of incredibly overpriced cars, Bella's self-deprecation. Having these profoundly human moments rendered to hazy, vague memories in Bella's new and improved Vampire brain simply do not do them, or the human audience who related to them, justice.
B0011Z77Q8|5.0|nearly every one of the tracks are rocking.    Muse at their best.    Go ahead and buy/download/order/purchase any way you can.
B0010YSD7M|5.0|SG1 Does it again!!!!!!! The writers of this DVD feature film of Stargate really give their fans a spectacular story from beginning to the very end. This is awesome and if you are a fan of Science Fiction (SCI-FI) this is a most definitely \\"MUST HAVE\\" to add to your collection of SCI-FI movies on DVD. Stargate SG1 The ARK OF TRUTH is once again in my opinion \\"AWESOME!!!!!!\\"
B000002JSN|5.0|BEST ZEPPELIN ALBUM!  THIS IS A SAMPLER PLATE OF EVERYTHING LED ZEPPELIN DID WELL; HARD ROCK, BLUES, ACOUSTIC, BALLADS.  IF I COULD ONLY HAVE ONE ZEPPELIN ALBUM, THIS WOULD BE THE ONE! ROCK ON!
031606792X|5.0|Maybe I should start this review off by saying that I am an older (26) fan of the Twilight series. I bought my copy of Breaking Dawn the day it was released and quickly devoured the book in less than 7 days.  I absolutely loved BD - everything about it, including the notorious Nessie and Jacob imprinting scandals - for many reasons.    1 - We we able to watch Bella mature before our eyes. Everyone changes and that includes a person's attitude towards marriage, having children and life in general. I understand that Bella is only 18 - 19 years old in the novel, but as her mother Renee stated in BD, \\"you've always been an old soul.\\" How much longer could readers be interested in watching Bella go back and forth between Edward and Jacob? Not me, that's what Eclipse was about. It was evident that BD would no longer be about the love triangle.      2 - Renesmee, as hard as her name is to pronounce and spell - she was my favorite twist.  I loved her character. In previous novels, Bella had mentioned that she wished her and Edward could have children. Bella accepted the fact that children was not an option because she loved him that much. How rewarding that against both Bella and Edwards beliefs, they were able to have Renesmee.     I know its difficult for some younger readers to think outside the box when it comes to Twilight. Hopefully after re-reading it, talking with friends, or listening to SM's Q&A sessions in the weeks to come, they can come to terms with BD.      Congrats to SM for writing an amazing end to Twilight!
031606792X|5.0|I've been reading a lot of not so happy reviews about this book. Being a Language Arts major who always wanted to have the time to actually write out a novel, I feel like Meyers finally did what she was trying to do all along. Sure, I'm not exactly happy about every detail of her story--I'd like to change some myself--but overall, I think she did a wonderful job. Not because she package the story up with a nice ribbon and pretty wrapping paper, but because she took all that she learned about writing from the first three books she wrote and put them together to make one suspensful book.   I'd say, from the point of view of someone who likes to WRITE as well as read, Stephanie Meyers has impressed me, because the first three books, I just didn't get into nearly as much as this one. Opinions must be respected, future reviewers. This is mine, and you can have yours.
B000002GA8|5.0|Gosh what a song.  and to think that it was played live would anyone ever even think of doing this today.  i simply adore this song and have even gone so far as to sing the song and read the narration accapella to a group of children at a summer camp i worked at.  my little brother liked it so much i had to make him a version on cassette so he could play it in his kiddy tape player.    id like to mention the different versions of the song available.    the version i am reviewing here is i think the best version.  at 40 minutes it is the full length containing narration, and orchestra, and a chorus.  it tells the tale and illustrates it magnificently.    but a rather common version which i heard first and mistakenly bought again in an attempt to get the 40 minute version is very good as well.  it runs 30 minutes was recorded in a studio without any narration, orchestra, or chorus.  it features improved singing which is a bone of contention with the original song i know.  i purchased a two disc set entitled journey to the center of the earth which contained this version.    i would recommend the full version which is only contained in this cd as far as i know.  it will not disapoint at filling any listener with awe and wonder.
031606792X|4.0|I'll admit, I didn't race through this book as I did the rest of the books in the series. It started off very well and I was loving it, then I actually took a break because I was so disappointed at where it was going. That break occurred during Jacob's POV portion of the book... not that I completely hated it, I just felt like so much was missing when the love story wasn't there. It was ridiculous and gory and I hated Rosalie, etc. What REALLY made me stop reading was the name \\"Renesmee\\" though... seriously. Seriously?!!?    Things started looking up after Bella was finally transformed, and the last half of the book was as amazing as I hoped it would be. I was impressed that it ended in a battle of wits, rather than a physical battle -- that just reinforces the humanity of the Cullen family. It was a bittersweet end to the series -- especially the last scene with Bella and Edward. I'll miss these characters!
031606792X|5.0|Reading this book made me so happy.  I loved everything that happened.  It was everything that after reading the first 3 books was what I wanted to happen.  Oh and so much more.  I think it is the perfect ending to the perfect story.  A must read!!!!
0375703764|3.0|I picked this up without hearing any reviews of it. It was interesting but I quickly realized that Johnny was not an interesting character. I did like the story about the house, but it was layered in so much other fluff that you definitely lost the continuity of horror that should have been there.     By the end I was exhausted and sick of the story. The pacing felt sonorous and I was skipping or skimming huge chunks just to get to the next section.     The post-modern stuff worked in some places, but I had a hard time seeing what the significance of its use was in several places. Done properly it should have contributed to the sense of disjointedness and horror, but it was so prevalent in the text that it lost much of its umph.    Still I'd recommend it if you're looking for some interesting reading.
0743290119|2.0|Why is it called Chasing Harry Winston when only one of the characters wants to get married?  The title and the cover art make you think all three of the girls are trying to get married.  The Devil Wears Prada was funny and original, but both Everyone Worth Knowing and Chasing Harry Winston are essentially the same novel, complete with a chef/cook and a writer/editor, only not nearly as good.    I was really looking forward to this novel, but I had to force myself to finish it and I didn't really care what happened to any of the characters.  I really hope her next book is better and doesn't involve a chef or a writer.
031606792X|5.0|I'm getting really annoyed reading all the crappy reviews on this book when Stephenie Meyer gave us what she promised. I'm not sure what everyone's expectations were but in the end I thought the book was damn good!
031606792X|2.0|I never buy books or movies unless I know I'll read/watch them over and over. I bought the first 3 books because I enjoy reading them again and again but I have no interest in reading Breaking Dawn over. I like Stephenie's simple writing style but this didn't sound like her at all.     It's not hard to see what direction the book is going after the first night of Edward and Bella's honeymoon. I found myself thinking, \\"Stephenie wouldn't, that would be the worst possible plot line\\" Sadly, she did but even more sad, the plot became even worse.    Another frequent thought I had was,\\"Are they talking about sex again?? Sheesh!Enough already!\\" Not that it's detailed but there are pillows ripping, lingerie shredding and bed boards breaking. I wouldn't feel comfortable with my young kids reading this book and it's supposed to be a young adult book.    Did any one else feel that she threw way too many new characters in instead of expanding on the current characters? Alice's past is still a big mystery. I was so sure we would finally know what happened to Alice in her human life but instead she is absent for most of Breaking Dawn.     Too much.  Too rushed.  Too painful to read.    Loved the first three books, loved The Host. Try again Stephanie.
B0011N1WE8|5.0|In addition to a good story Penelope has great visuals that will make repeated viewings as fun as the first.  The story line is suprisingly fresh due to unexpected character actions.
B0017VG69U|5.0|This is the way Star trek should be viewed. Not chopped up to fit the shorter running times of today's television, not with the clunky, and sometimes hard to watch 60's effects. ((Which predate Star Wars by 11 years and even the ground breaking motion control of 2001 by two years))<br /><br />This is Gene's vision...Perfected.<br /><br />Nothing get's in the way, nothing is lost. The Episodes are complete, and remastered.<br /><br />I came into the Star Trek universe as a young boy, before TNG was even a twinkle in anyone's eye. My father and mother watched Star Trek religiously in College, as they put it, \\"the entire campus stopped for that hour of television and you found a TV and watched Star Trek.\\" So when I was growing up, Saturday nights in Chicago were reserved for Star Trek in syndication.<br /><br />I watched the old shows, but something always nagged at the back of my brain, even though I was young. I watched Star Wars and seeing ships zooming and arcing and banking ((to heck with Physics)), and firing off laser blast after laser blast. And then I'd watch Star Trek, and while the plots were always engaging (( no pun intended :->)) the effects sometimes made it hard to watch.<br /><br />As I grew up, and learned more of the history of effects, I learned why. The Star Trek team had done a herculean job with the tools of the time, and a mere ten years later, the industry had been so revamped by the new effects technology, that old scioence fiction began to look dated. Star Trek in somes ways ((though never the stories)) became as laughable to my generation as the old Flash Gordon serials were to my parent's generation.<br /><br />To see Star Trek the Motion Picture and Star Trek Two was huge. the Enterprise a sweeping ship filled with power and Grace...made the original show even more off-putting.<br /><br />Then TNG came out, updated, with a million dollar an episode budget. Star Trek Realized. The old shows...still powerful in message had lost some of the visual pop.<br /><br />We watched through Enterprise, and I still maintain that Enterprise and DS9 are the best of the post TOS shows with the best Star Trek feel. That whole feeling came to a head in the now classic DS9 episode \\"Trials and Tribble-ations\\". The Enterprise, as Captain Sisko puts it, \\"His Ship\\"<br /><br />Space Station K-7...the Enterprise, Koloth's D-7 battle cruiser, in glorious computer effects. All I could do was tear up and think....\\"If they can do this now, why can't they go back and help the old girl out in the rest of the original series?\\"<br /><br />Fast forward to ten years later, and the painstaking process of remastering Star Trek, from low def, and mono to High Def and Stereo.<br /><br />Every shot is integrated seemlessly. It's not like watching a new episode, but like watching the episode as you always imagined it would, and could be. The Enterprise we saw when we imagined meeting captain Kirk and Mr. Spock.<br /><br />As I watched I figured as a memeber of the \\"Film Biz\\" I am pretty jaded, ntohing really gets me worked up anymore. So I bought Season two and popped it in. My Girl Friend wanted to see the Tribbles episode, so I popped in Disc Five ((which I nicknamed the Tribbles disc since it has \\"The Trouble with Tribbles\\" TOS, \\"More Tribbles more Troubles\\" Animated, and \\"Trials and Tribble-ations\\" DS9 and nothing else on it. :->)). We watched trials and Tribble-ations first, and I got the swell in the chest as I watched the show. And then I put on the TOS espisode.<br /><br />Now to put this in perspective, I am watching these episodes on a 61\\" DLP HDTV 1080p by Samsung. Using a Sony DVD player HDMI upconvert to the TV, and a Sony 5.1 surround sound set up. The Music swelled and I was taken away. The surround sound kicked in, and I was won over. I watched the remastered episodes on TV and these are even better on DVD.<br /><br />All I can say is...if you are a Star Trek fan, pick this up, now. Do not pass Regula, do not collect 200 credits.<br /><br />The episodes start off very strong and finish with some amazing work. If nothing else get this season for the Trouble with Tribbles, Amok Time, The Doomsday Machine ((which was the test bed episode for the whole project and does not disapoint you have to see this episode to believe what it looks like now.)) and Mirror, Mirror.<br /><br />If you are not a Star Trek fan, some of the clunkiness of the effects which may have turned you off before are gone. Take a look at the series again, and see what all us Trekkers have known for over 40 years. This is a vision of the Future we should all aspire to live up to.n for the Trouble with Tribbles, Amok Time, The Doomsday Machine ((which was the test bed episode for the whole project and does not disapoint you have to see this episode to believe what it looks like now.)) and Mirror, Mirror.    If you are not a Star Trek fan, some of the clunkiness of the effects which may have turned you off before are gone. Take a look at the series again, and see what all us Trekkers have known for over 40 years. This is a vision of the Future we should all aspire to live up to.
031606792X|2.0|This book was written for Stephenie Meyer, and for her only. It wasn't horrible, but at the same time it could've been a million times better.     It's pretty much a mixed up fan fiction that she wrote for herself, not giving her fans much thought. I really have no problem with that, if she wanted to publish it as a fan fiction. It was to perfect an ending, and her personality shone through the characters, changing them.    In the end Stephenie Meyer probably should've given her fans a little more thought, in my opinion.    Plus most of the 5 stars are \\"good job\\" and nothing else, I wonder where they come from...
0896760839|5.0|This book is very informative and has wonderful pictures of actual clothes.  It was helpful to making my garb more historically accurate.
031606792X|5.0|I cant seem to understand why people are all upset about Breaking Dawn.<br /><br />Might have a few spoilers CAUTION<br /><br />Personaly i think Stephenie did an amazing job. I can't think of a better ending to the series. Can anyone honestly say they would be happier if she  chose Jacob? I know there are Jacob fans but in my mind i see a deeper meaning behind the love between Bella and jacob. I really never saw her with Jacob It was always Edward. I really think that Reneseme was a great addition to the \\"Family\\" although unexpected. She was the true meaning behind Bella and Jacobs love for eachother. And for the people that think that getting married and a child so young is so TABOO If it were a real situation and the characters were you and the love of your life can you honestly say that it wouldn't have the same ending. I respect Stephenie for her views, religious or other wise, for making Bella and Edward wait till after the wedding to have any kind of serious phyisical relations. Its a lot more then can be said for much of todays youth!!!!  So in the end i am now more then ever a Twilighter even tho im not a young teen (24 isn't so bad). I can't wait to read Midnight Sun ;)
B00005JPY0|5.0|My best suggestion if you haven't seen the movie would be to go see it for yourself and form your own oppinion about it. Too many people are stating there oppinion as fact in presenting there disdain for the movie. But when it comes down to it its purely art and your oppinion is as valid as anybody elses. I personally loved the fact that Batman was in a believable modern world that made it somewhat grounded in reality. A great depature from the Pre-Nolan Batman films. The Dark Knight proves that a comic book movie can be more then \\"JUST a comic book movie\\". Multi-dimnsional characters, compelling storyline, and amazing action sequences. Where this film really seprates itself from the past Batman movies is its believability and \\"real worldness\\".     The movie presents the caped crusader as the often maligned but persistent crime fighter that juggles two persona's as Bruce Wayne and Batman. While Bale does a fine job of potraying Bruce Wayne and his alter-ego Batman, the Joker truly steals the show here. Ledgers psychotic, derange albeit slightly humorous take on Joker is the perfect combination of insanity and criminal genius to make you believe he is capable of pulling off his terribly heinous crimes. Batman is essentially a secondary character in this movie (wouldn't attribute to Bale but the script). The movie revolves around several characters (including Batman) rather then one central character. And amazingly enough it works. It works by giving equal focus to each one of the films main cast..Batman, The Joker, Harvey Dent, Jim Gordon, and Rachel Dawes. Each character of equal importance to further the story. In addition the action sequences will leave you on the edge of your seat and your pulse pounding. My one primary fault with the film is its length. I feel the same story could've been told and the run time trimmed down slightly. But it didn't tarnish the movie for me by any means.     I feel some people will go into this film specifically looking for faultsdue to the excessive hype and increasingly negative reviews. Which gives me the impression some have been brain washed into believing they have to find fault with this film due to the hype and overly critical reviewers.     My suggestion would be to go in expecting an exhilarating, entertaining, albeit lengthy roller coaster ride. After all isn't this meant to be entertainment??
0930289528|4.0|I find myself more compelled to write this review based upon Mr. Bernabo's \\"insightful review\\". He claims that fascism means that \\"the ends justify the means\\". Well...not exactly. That is more Machiavelli than anything else. Fascism simply means that the state is put above else; one must have a religious-like admiration for their country to qualify as fascist. An anarchist can believe that their ends justify the means (i.e. killing innocents to ensure chaos) just as a statist can believe the same thing (much more noticeable, as many fasicsts/communists have killed to maintain their order).<br />Okay, with that aside, let me just say that this is a good work. It portrays a direct contrast between anarchy and totalitarianism, with the extreme V representing the former and Adam Susan as a symbol of the latter. We are reflected by Evey Hammond, who is able through her journey to make her own mind about it all, and who we are meant to sympathize with.<br />Ultimately, as much as I dislike Alan Moore (and believe him to be highly overrated, seriously comic-book nerds, go read Moby-Dick or something) this is a fine work. If at least it makes you pause and think about our world, even if you dismiss the ideas afterward, it has accomplished one of its goals.
B000002OX5|5.0|This is just one of those mind blowingly great albums.  It is so great, as in one of those albums that when you listen you might wonder to your self -- Wow, is there a human on this earth with such bad taste that they don't like this?  If someone tells you anything but that this album is great, their taste in all things should be questioned.  If you don't have this already, get it now!!!!!!!!!
0394827996|5.0|A delightful story about the friendship of a fish and frog.  The children absolutely love the pictures!!!
B000P12LWY|3.0|Aside from all of the historical inaccuracies (which Showtime obviously did not care about, since they were looking for ratings), I found much to not like about this series.<br /><br />There were not just historical inaccuracies, but entire elements and people who were made up. Totally unnecessary to do this when the real people and events were so dramatic already. Other, far more well-informed reviewers have detailed all of the historical blunders, so I will not go into that any more. Suffice it to say that even a casual observer of British history would have a difficult time not laughing at what these producers did with a story that would have been far more interesting had it been presented as it really was.<br /><br />Season One was soooooo dragged out. After all those hours, no divorce!! I much preferred the way the \\"Six Wives of Henry VIII\\" was done: one wife per episode.<br /><br />Then there was the casting. Jonathan Rhys Meyers is great to look at but was horribly miscast as Henry. Among other things, he was way too young-looking compared to Catherine....and she aged but he did not! His portrayal of Henry was off the mark, but then again, he only acted the material that he was given. I do think his miscasting in this role is the reason he got no EMMY nod.<br /><br />I cannot help but think that some other actor with larger stature could not have been found to play Henry. I also disliked the acting of the woman playing Anne Boleyn.<br /><br />Then there were the American idioms that were used. I found myself re-winding just to be sure I had heard correctly!
031606792X|1.0|What do you do when your world is torn apart?<br /><br />I can only compare the negative knee-jerk reactions of many of the fans of the Twilight series (I won't call it a 'saga' like the publishers do - a saga is an epic Norse fairy tale, not a minor quartet of romance novels) to the nerdy disillusionment experienced by my own generation upon the release of the Star Wars prequels. The monumental disappointment we felt in realizing the limitations of the storyteller was tantamount to the shakedown of an entire religion.<br /><br />So now, similarly, we have some people shouting loudly that no, these are works of genius, if you don't like them you're stupid, remember they're fairy tales and not real so they can be about whatever they want, etc. Just as loud are the naysayers who unwittingly pulled back the curtain and saw the inner machinations of a publishing scheme instead of a truly talented author, and were grandly disappointed. It had to happen sooner or later; Stephenie Meyer is not Edith Wharton. She's not even L.M. Montgomery. She's been subjected to a media frenzy that propelled her insubstantial work into a place where only substance could honestly withstand the hype.<br /><br />When I read Meyer's other books in the series I was suitably irked at her weak heroine, her lazy writing, the even lazier editing and the general sense of self-importance that seemed to pervade the story, right down to the grandiose font used for the chapter titles. Nothing has changed in this final book, and that's the big problem. As the books develop, so does the fans' sophistication. You can't throw a rock on the internet without hitting some article or lexicon or published graduate thesis about the Twilight books. Since this final book reads no differently in terms of subtlety or character development or skill in storytelling than the first one, everybody expecting more feels let-down. If you have no expectations - if you prefer your books to placate and compromise instead of challenge and complicate - then no doubt this work pleased you greatly.<br /><br />I think plenty of people have covered the narrative specifics of why this story failed on so many levels, so I won't bother, but I will reiterate my main issue with this series. I gave up on an even obliquely feminist heroine, especially from a devout Mormon author. But I should not have to  give up on a well-developed one, especially one whose inner monologue is done to death over literally thousands of pages. I should know Bella Cullen's soul better than my own, and yet she feels merely like a vector for a romance story. The moment I came across the 'Dartmouth' element I metaphorically threw up my hands. I know, you're thinking, What, Dartmouth made you mad and all the rest of it didn't? (In point of fact, no, plenty else made me mad as well, but no need to rehash what others have already covered - specifically, Eventide's excellent early review) No - it was Dartmouth. I felt like Meyer was thinking, OK, I have to find some smart-person college somewhere to use as a smokescreen for my protagonist. Let's go with Dartmouth, it's far away, right? She didn't even bother to consider what going to a place like Dartmouth would mean to a smart young woman and her family, much less what it would indicate about so much of her character - her brains, her strength, her desire for isolation [I did not attend Dartmouth, but I did party there ;)]. It's as though she didn't even fundamentally know the character enough to care about any details beyond what related directly to her love affair with Edward.<br /><br />*stepping down off of soapbox*- then no doubt this work pleased you greatly.     I think plenty of people have covered the narrative specifics of why this story failed on so many levels, so I won't bother, but I will reiterate my main issue with this series. I gave up on an even obliquely feminist heroine, especially from a devout Mormon author. But I should not have to  give up on a well-developed one, especially one whose inner monologue is done to death over literally thousands of pages. I should know Bella Cullen's soul better than my own, and yet she feels merely like a vector for a romance story. The moment I came across the 'Dartmouth' element I metaphorically threw up my hands. I know, you're thinking, What, Dartmouth made you mad and all the rest of it didn't? (In point of fact, no, plenty else made me mad as well, but no need to rehash what others have already covered - specifically, Eventide's excellent early review) No - it was Dartmouth. I felt like Meyer was thinking, OK, I have to find some smart-person college somewhere to use as a smokescreen for my protagonist. Let's go with Dartmouth, it's far away, right? She didn't even bother to consider what going to a place like Dartmouth would mean to a smart young woman and her family, much less what it would indicate about so much of her character - her brains, her strength, her desire for isolation [I did not attend Dartmouth, but I did party there ;)]. It's as though she didn't even fundamentally know the character enough to care about any details beyond what related directly to her love affair with Edward.    *stepping down off of soapbox*
0765342294|4.0|Orson Scott Card's 'Ender's Game' is one of my favorite science-fiction novels. Reading about Ender's genius thoughts, and uncanny abilities really provokes my imagination. The ending is stellar, but the LDS religious undertones of the whole 'Speaker for the Dead' part is a bit offputting. However, the book is still awesome!
B000SM7QUC|4.0|I will state foremost that I, to put it this way, respectfully disagree with some of [Amazon.com editor] Mr. Beaudoin's somewhat damning analysis of the album.    Before anybody reads what I have to say, please note that I have NOT read Nikki Sixx's book.  And that my review, just like all the others I've written, will be painfully long.    But I think I can tell you quite easily (just by the sound), that this is no Mtley Cr (heretofore mentioned as \\"Motley Crue\\" as I'm too lazy to type umlauts) album and should not be taken as such.  Even though it's co-produced and about the life about Motley Crue's bassist, that doesn't mean the original \\"glam rock\\" style is going to be kept.  (Also remember, most of the music vocals are done by co-producer James Michael, and not Nikki Sixx himself!!!)    I don't feel this is a soundtrack per se, but more of one of those \\"music inspired by/related to the movie\\" (book in this case) albums.  While it does contain bits of the diaries, it relates more to the raw emotions of someone who went through what Nikki Sixx went through during his addiction.  Hearing this album without the context of Sixx's book, I still see an overall introspection of life (one that everybody can relate to; having been on drugs is not a prerequisite) with very catchy metal melodies (so yes, I feel Mr. Beaudoin does have it right that the album borders on cliche in the catchiness department).     The introspection itself, anyways, is similar in nature to what's seen in another recent James Michael production (specifically, \\"[[ASIN:B000NQR7TI A Modern Way of Living with the Truth]]\\" by The Exies).    So, forgetting the context of Nikki Sixx's book, I'm just going to review the highlights (i.e., my favorites), at least musically:    \\"Life Is Beautiful (At My Funeral)\\":  This one was obviously styled to be released as a single on alternative music stations.  That be sodded, I still love it.  The chords in the bridge towards the middle/end of the song couldbe mistaken for a baroque classical piece's arpeggio (just take out the guitars and replace them with an orchestra).    \\"Pray For Me\\": Treading closer to Motley Crue's style, this hard rock song (catchier and more addictive than the slower \\"Life Is Beautiful\\").  Lyrically shallow, especially given that this is supposed to be a soundtrack to a book (but again, I'm not treating this album as one really).    \\"Tomorrow\\": This song has surprisingly good lyrical depth, with a slower speed and melody more suited to adult-contemporary stations (the latter makes me a little irked).  Another song I feel we all can relate to.  Also, Scott Stevens (lead for The Exies) was included as a vocalist on this track.    \\"Accidents Can Happen\\": The thing wrong with this song is that it's almost identical to \\"Tomorrow\\", both melodically and in the lyrics' content/emotions.  Enough said.    \\"Courtesy Call\\": Maybe some of y'all overlooked this track.  Lyrically almost empty, but EXTREMELY catchy and a song you'll put on repeat for a while.  It slightly follows a story, and at the climactic \\"scene\\" towards the end, there's a big \\"shock factor\\".  (I think they should have upmixed the ominous beat/melody right after it just for the shock value, but that's just my opinion.)    Might I add also, that in these songs, James Michael, lead singer on these tracks, has an excellent voice (if you ask me).    So that's all for my review.  As a \\"soundtrack\\" to anything, including a book (one I haven't read, at that), I can only give it say, two stars.    But, I rated it 4 stars, for the music, the Heroin Diaries book (and even parts of the \\"soundtrack\\" lyrics) be once again sodded.
031606792X|2.0|I'm glad I'm not the only one that felt like Stephenie was just \\"phoning this one in.\\"  I think all Twilight readers are united in their LOVE of the first three books in the series (as evidenced by their 4 1/2 star ratings) and this one was 2 star at best.    Breaking Dawn felt forced - you almost completely lost touch with your connection to Bella, and by the end, I didn't care much about ANYONE.  How different from Meyer's first characterizations - and what a shame.  I wish Stephenie had given this more time - it just seemed SO rushed - why else would she wrap up the story in such an insulting, unintelligent little package.      I guess her intended audience (12 year olds) probably LOVED this take on Bella's fate - it's exactly what they hope for themselves at 18.  But Stephenie could have done SO many things differently AND made it an interesting story for those who are OUT of their tweens.      And can SOMEONE start to REALLY edit for this woman?  If she hardens someone's lips into a thin, tight line ONE MORE TIME, I might explode!    Sigh - here's hoping the movie's better...
B00005MP58|5.0|[[ASIN:B00005MP58 Pride and Prejudice - The Special Edition (A&E, 1996)]]<br />This is my second favorite adaptation of Pride and Prejudice. The only reason it is #2 is that new 2005 version's Darcy is more attractive to me. But that's about it. The only minuses of this almost perfect adaptation are:<br />1)the age of actors - they seem older than written in the book<br />2)I found Jane Bennett and Caroline Bingley quite unattractive, although they are supposed to be more beautiful than Elizabeth.<br />Other than that, one of my most favorite movies. Highly recommend!
B000FTWB7G|4.0|Evanescence features a wonderful female singer named Amy Lee. Amy has a very good, deep sounding voice. You won't have the generic female singer that the mainstream is used to. The music in this one has a good amount of variety to it. Sometimes you will hear rock music, electronica, or some weird other sounds. One problem I have with this one though is that Amy Lee sounds the same in most of the sounds. Still, she sounds good, just the same.    The obvious audience for this one is someone who feels weak and wants to rise up. Not in a political way, but in a more emotional way. Soem of the lyrics are based around females more then males, but you can deal with it.    Songs like \\"Lithium\\" and \\"Weight of the world\\" are my personal favorites. The obvious favorite is \\"Call Me When You're Sober\\", which was the hit song for this album. The rest of the songs aren't too bad either. Some of them come just come off as a bit generic though.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|I am willing to admit it, I am a shallow woman because Darcy and only Darcy made this movie so magic for me! His vulnerability, his shyness and reserve I found extremely attractive. This is the best version and adaptation of my favorite book. Chemistry between the actors is just unbelievable!
B0001LJC2K|5.0|I stopped listening to music, buying albums and following the scene in the mid 90s being burnt out on what I thought was boring generic music that was being produced and marketed to a former KROQ listener like me.  So that means I missed out on Radiohead (Bends, OK Computer, Kid A), Coldplay and of course Muse.  Of course I heard of, not listened to, the 1st two bands I mentioned but didn't care.  Until, I heard Coldplay's title track a few months ago.  So I bought that song.  I thought it was a great song but the album was not out yet and I felt like I needed more music.  So I bought In Rainbows by Radiohead remembering the hype about their unique marketing last year.  I loved it and wanted more.    This was a life changing experience.  That eventually brought me to Muse.  First, I bought Black Holes and Revelations which is some of the most unique and fun music I have ever heard.  Then I got Absolution a couple weeks ago.  OMG.  Some of these songs put tingles in my spine.  Now, I hope they break out in America and become as well known as Radiohead and Colplay.  I am now a Muse fan for life.    Yes they sound alike.  But that doesn't matter because they all are great bands and have their unique sound.  For me, Radiohead is the best band ever with Muse a close second.      PS  I have been recently watching Entourage and thought it was cool that I recognized Muse on one the episodes.
B00181JGI2|5.0|What is the Big Lebowski?    1 - intricate plot that everyone does best just ignoring.    1 - hippie protagonist.  Someone wholly incompetent at life, but left to simmer in this intricate plot for days.    1 - misguided 'friend' with the pent up aggression to spice up the protagonist, forcing him to pursue things he probably shouldn't    1 Dozen - eclectic mix of truly diverse characters, all true to form     Mix it all together in the City of Angels, and watch the fish out of water protagonist flop around in a series of incidents that are clearly over his head, enjoy the absurd interaction of diverse characters, and the brilliant dialogue that ties it all together.       WARNING:  Be careful not to partake in the plot.  This is poisonous, and any attempt to make sense of it will make you hate this film like poorly sliced Japanese Fugu fish.    .....................    This is one of the few movies I have watched multiple times.  It's funny, witty and endearing.......a rare gem.    Oh, and one more note about the plot, which winds and twists to places no one should follow.  It really does hold up and in fact has far less holes than most of what Hollywood produces.   This is DEFINITELY not the reason to watch the movie though.  Doing so will result in you either 1) hating the movie or 2) an aneurysm.
031606792X|4.0|To be honest, the much awaited final part to the Twilight Saga threw me a bit too.  However, to see how once gushing fans turned so quickly on a much loved author was pretty surprising to read about.  But who is really to blame here?  Can you honestly blame Stephenie for staying true to herself and ending her story the way she wanted to?  I would have thought differently if she had waivered due to fan pressure and not ended it the way she had intended to.  Afterall, you cannot blame her for building up fans expectations - i think with all the internet blogs etc going on, the fans did it to themselves.    For me, there were many plot twists that i didn't expect - i even questioned them at times, but i wouldn't have wanted the story to end in any different way.  At the end of the day the Twilight Saga is fiction, these things don't happen in real life, so who cares if sacrifices weren't made and everyone ends up with a 'Happy Ever Afer'.  Take it for what it is, a beautiful story, that an unknown writer actually had the guts to place in front of the world.
B000ASDFEU|5.0|The title says it all. This is a story about the invasion of the netherlands that was supposed to bring a quik end to Nazi resistance in the ETO. For the most part it is historically accurate, and has an all star cast. The special effects were supprisingly well done considering the time it was filmed (1977). The Airborne scenes were top notch.
B0001NBMBC|5.0|I don't know how many people will read this since it has been 5 years(after release) but I felt I had to tell anyone who will listen that this is one of the BEST CDs of all time. I have never written a review on here before so know that this is not an emply compliment. I was a casual Slipknot fan before this cd. I liked a few of their older songs but didn't really get it. On a whim I bought this right when it came out not knowing what to expect. I still listen to this cd often to this day and have seen them in concert and purchased the older cds and have grown to appreciate the sound on all albums. This one is a little \\"softer\\" than others but still kicks a$$. In a perfect world the new cd will be a mix of this one and Iowa.
B000068TPN|5.0|Based on the book written by Gen. Moore, I thought is was well acted, with great special effects. Furthermore I think it pays tribute to the soldiers, and there families, who had to fight that war. It follows the the book closely, and I am told that it is historically accurate.
031606792X|5.0|I think that people are absolutely ridiculous to say that this book was bad simply because everyone gets what they want. Why is it that a book or movie isn't any good if the characters don't die or have tons of horrific things happen to them? To say that Bella didn't suffer at all is also extremly humorous. I guess lots of people would love to go through tons of times of extreme danger, have an almost death experience carrying a super human child, and go through agonizing pain to become a vampire. Of course she suffered! And just because it ends happily, people want to criticize it? I personally find it very refreshing that an author was able to tell a story that scared you, threw you in lots of unexpected directions, but in the end was able to completely satisify you. What is wrong with happiness and joy? The world must be a truly evil place if people want to bash this book: It was a breath of fresh air and a brilliant piece of literature!
B000F48D3C|5.0|Based on an actual operation, the action is intense. Very reallistic effects, and well acted. It really makes you feel for the soldiers who are asked to carry out such operations.  I am glad they have this film to tell their story.
B000A1ENCU|5.0|This film is a statemen of magnificence, the pomp, the casting, the marvelous acting, and the gracefully written script, all bear witness to the creativity of mid 20th century Hollywood. This movie is simply delightful, the viewer should be prepeared for depth of dialogue, spectacle, lengthiness, and creative character interaction. This film is highly thought provoking, and therefore not light fair.
0385340990|2.0|This book is written in the form of letters that are sent from friend to friend. You have to pay attention to who is writing to whom because there are a lot of characters. There were also times when I had to put the book down because I felt so overwhelmed from so many of them. The story was interesting and at times quaint but I can not help but wonder if I would have enjoyed it more if I read classics more often. The books aren't the core of this story they are just the start of a friendship between strangers from different countries. At times it also did annoy me that there was no real plot just little tidbits about each others lives. I want to like the book more but can only say it was ok and an interesting setting
B0015AARJI|1.0|Background:  I'm 30 and haven't had a console system since Super Nintendo, PC games were just fine and cheaper.  This year I wanted one and I couldn't decide XBOX or PS3. I bought both.      Review: It does what is expected but I find myself having a hard time holding the controller, Especially when trying to use the lower Left and Right buttons(L2 and R2).   It barely fits in my hands. My hands hurt after a half hour from gripping it so tight it doesn't fall out of my hands. I can wear a medium sized glove, Large is a better fit, but you understand what I am trying to convey.  I don't have abnormally large hands. It was NOT designed for American sized men.
031606792X|2.0|I had already read reviews when I picked up this book.  Regardless of the general early consensus that Breaking Dawn was a letdown; I actually thought I'd like it anyway.  After reading the newspaper and watching CNN, I, personally, was looking forward to a happy ending for once.<br /><br />I was not a fan of books 2 and 3 of this series; but I loved Twilight and The Host, so I have respect for Meyer and her imagination.  However, if I'm being honest, I don't believe that her ideas translated well onto paper in this one.<br /><br />I was all for a happy ending, but the delivery took FOREVER.  BD dragged for me.  At the end of the series, I wanted to be happy for a finale with an odd sense of sadness that a story that touched me was over.  With BD, I could not wait til it finished.  Maybe if she had been able to deliver her material into a condensed version, I may have bumped this review to three stars.  There is maybe an entire page or so of a vamp we don't know named Garret giving a one-sided speech about the Volturi (uninterrupted) that made me yawn about 10 times.  He talked more than Alice did in this book.<br /><br />I'm glad Bella finally became a vampire, and got over Jacob.  I'm glad Jacob isn't miserable-- because although I personally would have preferred prevention of that weird relationship ever developing-- outside of his Bella obsession; he kinda slowly grew on me.  I actually liked what we saw of Bella's baby's personality; it was endearing, and I actually think I wouldn't mind trying Meyer's continuation of the series if Renesme was the narrator.<br /><br />On the other hand, I actually physically cringed when Edward referred to Jacob as \\"son.\\"  That was just too much.  Just a day ago (or so), he had requested for his \\"son\\" to give his wife a son.....  somebody tell me you get how weird the switch from \\"oddly-likeable enemy-trying-to-steal-my-wife-and-kill-me\\" to \\"son\\"?????  I recall Meyer saying in an interview that she never really watched/read vampire stuff; so it was easy to break the rules.  I can respect that.  I can accept sparkly vampires.  But the way she explained this miracle baby coming around just read like a cop out.  It's one thing to break others' \\"vampire rules\\" but to break your own is a little disappointing.  Maybe she didn't exactly break her own rules; maybe I'm misinterpreting her recollections on vampires reproducing and dying--but I feel that she cut it a little too close; to the point that her explanations just weren't believable.  The name \\"Renesme\\"... I often don't think authors realize how much stock a reader puts into a character's name.  A name can make or break storylines (I've seen it happen with utterly ridiculous names in books).  I didn't care for it; but I don't think it was that big of a deal.  I totally hated \\"Nessie\\" though... if she is narrating the next set of books, I hope Meyer changes it to \\"Nessa\\" or something.  \\"Nessie\\" is annoying.  Unfortunately, there are a lot of other things that slowed this book down to a crawl for me--but I don't want to completely nitpick here.<br /><br />With that said, I knew about most of those spoilers before I read the book, and I was still really determined to like it.  Unfortunately, Meyer's saga ending didn't flow smoothly for me, it felt like bad turbulence with choppy surprises at every corner (the werewolves all of a sudden being shapeshifters last minute).  I understand that she had to tie up lose ends; but it felt like a very badly wrapped gift with an even worse present within.  Meyer said at the beginning that she wrote the books for herself.  They're her story; so I'm not one to tell her how to write it.  Unfortunately, BD just wasn't at the same level as Twilight had been, and instead of the series going out with a bang... it kinda just crumbled for me.<br /><br />Sidenote:  I understand that many people are upset with morals, and teen pregnancy.  Meyer never claimed to be an inspirational speaker or moral ethics professor.She's just telling a fictional story and it needs to be kept in context.  Yes, Bella is a young teenager, who seems to have given up college--and is quintessentially barefoot, pregnant, and happy about it.  Maybe not the best moral setting for teens right?  Well, then I guess we should ban \\"The Little Mermaid\\"--who got married at 16 after knowing the guy for 3 days.  Take it all in context.  If we educate our kids, they tend to adhere the morals they are raised with better than the Cinderella story.  Review the book, not the author.needs to be kept in context.  Yes, Bella is a young teenager, who seems to have given up college--and is quintessentially barefoot, pregnant, and happy about it.  Maybe not the best moral setting for teens right?  Well, then I guess we should ban \\"The Little Mermaid\\"--who got married at 16 after knowing the guy for 3 days.  Take it all in context.  If we educate our kids, they tend to adhere the morals they are raised with better than the Cinderella story.  Review the book, not the author.
0452289963|5.0|There are more reviews on this book then almost any other book on Amazon - and there is a good reason for that. People found something of value from reading this book and felt the need to share what they learned. The book does not break any new ground for the serious spiritual seeker - but it sure clears stuff up and makes some complicated ideas seem much easier to digest.<br /><br />Eckhart does present and package the ideas that this book has in a newer and open way. The book is best read slowly over days, even weeks, so one can assimilate what is being said. The book will change some lives. The key is to read this book with an open mind and heart and allow the energy of this book to flow through you.<br /><br />I cannot but repeat what others have said about it - however, I will add my own two cents worth and recommend it to others.
031606792X|1.0|As the parent of a 12-year-old who's been reading the Twilight series, I was extremely upset by the contents of this book. It is a total betrayal of the author's young fan base to write a book that's so inappropriate for their age range. Even those who like the book agree that it is not right for tweens or younger teens. While kids have been breathlessly scanning Stephenie Meyer's website and following the countdown, the shameless marketing continued with no hint that there would be such a let down. I am returning the books I bought for my daughter and her friend today; they didn't want to read the books themselves after hearing the story outline. Needless to say, they are disappointed. The only upside to this fiasco is that I have had a good conversation with my daughter about what is trash and what is not and I will definitely be a lot more vigilant in the future.
B000HEVALC|1.0|I  don't  think  elvis  meant  this  cd to be released. Elvis is an exceptional entertainer and this  cd falls  very  short of his usual recordings. There are songs listed here  that are really just short converations and  I  was  hoping  to  hear  him  sing  the  whole song. I would not  buy  this  cd if I was thinking I was getting  47 songs. This cd is really disappointing and I'm surprised  that it's on the  market.
B00164DWEA|4.0|Although Ang Lee's 2003 \\"Hulk\\" was interesting from a creative standpoint, summer movie goers were not prepared to watch a convoluted psychodrama about repressed emotions playing out amid visual meditations on microcosm and macrocosm. Hulk's final confrontation is with his DAD?!? Transformed into a giant jellyfish made out of water?!? W.T.F.?!? Lee's film registered with audiences as an ambitious failure -ponderous and unwieldy.<br /><br /> Louis Leterrier's \\"The Incredible Hulk\\" is an aggressive attempt to gather all Hulk fans under one tent pole, and is largely successful, providing a tightly paced story with big budget thrills while staying close to it's pulpy, heroic action/weird science monster roots.<br /><br /> The opening credit montage serves as shameless retro homage to the 1970's TV show, a retelling of the origin story of the Hulk and re-establishment of the basic characters: Dr.Banner (Edward Norton), General Ross (William Hurt), Betty Ross (Liv Tyler) and their conflicting relationships.<br /><br /> When a military team led by Emil Blonsky (Tim Roth) sent by General Ross catches up to Dr. Banner, the resulting chase though a Brazilian favela is reminiscent of something you would see in a Bourne movie with a bit of parkour thrown in for good measure - exciting, but not all that original.<br /><br /> The first confrontation with the Hulk is set in a darkened factory and, while providing only teasing glimpses, gives a solid example of his destructive power when provoked. What Blonsky experiences in that confrontation plants the seed of his obsession with the Hulk - his desire for that kind of power leads him to undergo dangerous experiments in the pursuit of 'performance enhancement'.<br /><br /> After Dr. Banner recovers from his Hulk-out, we get a sense of the toll each episode takes - that he has to rebuild his life each time. There's not a whole lot of character development for him, but Norton plays it with a quietly desperate intensity that works.<br /><br /> Dr. Banner reconnects with Betty in his search for a cure and the old flames of romance are rekindled. Norton and Tyler have good chemistry in their scenes together. Tyler does a great job of conveying her character's deep connection to Dr. Banner and it doesn't hurt that she's easy on the eyes.<br /><br /> The military closes in again, and Banner's second Hulk-out is the heart of the film. All of the character conflicts collide and the action delivers the goods. Leterrier creates images that are ripped out of the pages of the Hulk comics and breathes life into them on the screen. When the military hits hulk with some experimental sonic cannons, the result is pure weird science goodness!<br /><br />  After Hulk/Banner and Betty get a little down time, Blonsky begins his transformation into the Abomination. This is what fans have been waiting for: a downtown super-brute smash-em-up! \\"HULK SMASH!\\"<br /><br /> All in all, this movie does a solid job of balancing character drama and big budget spectacle without really taking any risks. Perhaps somewhere, between this straight ahead action film and Ang Lee's art-house take, is an even better Hulk movie yet to burst the seams of it's potential. But that, gentle reader, is another story...y in his search for a cure and the old flames of romance are rekindled. Norton and Tyler have good chemistry in their scenes together. Tyler does a great job of conveying her character's deep connection to Dr. Banner and it doesn't hurt that she's easy on the eyes.     The military closes in again, and Banner's second Hulk-out is the heart of the film. All of the character conflicts collide and the action delivers the goods. Leterrier creates images that are ripped out of the pages of the Hulk comics and breathes life into them on the screen. When the military hits hulk with some experimental sonic cannons, the result is pure weird science goodness!       After Hulk/Banner and Betty get a little down time, Blonsky begins his transformation into the Abomination. This is what fans have been waiting for: a downtown super-brute smash-em-up! \\"HULK SMASH!\\"     All in all, this movie does a solid job of balancing character drama and big budget spectacle without really taking any risks. Perhaps somewhere, between this straight ahead action film and Ang Lee's art-house take, is an even better Hulk movie yet to burst the seams of it's potential. But that, gentle reader, is another story...
B000WQ9UA8|4.0|this is a pretty good album for someone who has been out of the music business for about 3 years. im so glad britney made a comeback! i thought she would never \\"do it again\\" [lol] because i heard that she said that she didnt want to be famous anymore after she married kevin federline. but despite all the drama she faced after her divorce, she still managed to get back into the studio so she could crank out some more hits! and here they are:    1. Gimme More- this song was her first single. this song really really DOES make me want more! it has a really catchy chorus! and as many of you remember she performed it at the vma's. many thought she did horribly, but i thought she did awesome, even though she didnt know the steps that well. 5/5    2. Piece of Me- this song is a taunt to the media. alot of this song is true about her life... \\"Im Mrs Bad Media Karma; another day another drama\\" [lol] cause she does get alot of bad press and every day she gets into alot of trouble. 5/5    3. Radar- i love this song! its so awesome! even though she sounds half- robot in it and it sounds like shes singing through machines. 5/5    4. Break the Ice- this song is the BEST SONG ON THIS FREAKIN ALBUM!!!!! i absolutely love it. its her best song since toxic!!!!! 5/5    5. Heaven On Earth- this song has kind of an 80s feel to it. it also kinda makes me think of madonna's \\"hung up\\" a little. 4/5    6. Get Naked (I Got A Plan)- 4/5    7. Freakshow- 3/5    8. Toy Soldier- 4/5    9. Hot As Ice- why are all these songs about ice? [lol jk] this song has a really great beat that kinda reminds me of nelly furtado's \\"maneater\\". 5/5    10. Ooh Ooh Baby- whats weird about this song is that in parts she kind of sounds like shes singing that song \\"happy together\\" song, but i like it alot. i like the lyrics. definately worth listening to. 5/5    11. Perfect Lover- 4/5    12. Why Should I Be Sad- 4/5
B0017IKR7K|5.0|This is a fantastic CD - in true Brad Paisley fashion!  A great variety of fun, up tempo songs like \\"Ticks\\" mixed with touching ballads like \\"Letter to Me\\", and signature Paisley humor, like \\"Online.\\"   I bought this CD when it was first released and I recently went out and bought my 2nd copy - of the new version with \\"Waitin' on a Woman\\" on it.  That was one of my favorite songs on the TWW CD and I am so happy that Brad went back to that song and released it!!!  Made a great CD even better!  Way to go Brad!!!!
031606792X|1.0|Halfway through the book I was tempted to throw it in the trash. I was so dissapointed. I was hoping that Bella would finally grow out of her obsession with Edward. In the other books the forbidden love plot made it for an interesting read. I loved the love triangle with betwen Jacob, Edward and Bella in previous books. I saw her maturing as she found herself loving Jacob-a love that grew through friendship contrasted with her obesession with Edward ,a relationship based on a physical attraction. I wanted to see a mature conclusion to her wrestle with  wanting to give up everything in her human life, to be with Edward. My favorite part of this book was the chapters written by Jacob's point of view. He seemed like the only real character in the book this time. the book ended too neatly, with nothing lost. Bella made her chioce, but didn't have to live with any consequences. The book made it seem as if becoming a vampire is much more desirable than living a life as a human. Where did the dilema go? Edward should of changed her 3 books ago without a second thought if this book is to be believed. I finished it, hoping something would salvage this book in the end. Nothing did.
B00005JPY0|4.0|Still good, but extremely overrated. If Heath Ledger would have not died, this movie would not have done as good. And Christian Bale is still a crappy batman with a horrible voice. Anyway, Aaron Eckhart was a good two-face tho. Which surprised me.
0375836675|5.0|This was one of the best books I've ever read. I read [[ASIN:0375842209 The Book Thief]] first, and thought it was a truly beautiful book. I didn't think it could get much better. But it did. When I finished I Am The Messenger I truly felt inspired, an ending I wasn't expecting. I really wish I had read it sooner, because it was truly AMAZING.
031606792X|5.0|It seems apparent that this is one of those books that you either love or hate, I for one LOVED IT!
031606792X|3.0|The book was slow at times and it seemed a little long, but overall I loved Breaking Dawn and I read it as fast as I read the others.
031606792X|1.0|As has been expressed by so many other readers, Stephenie Meyer made a hugely disappointing wrong turn with this last book in the TWILIGHT saga.  There were so many other directions she could have taken this story, I cannot make any sense out of the direction she chose.  The characters we became so attached to in the first three books -- mainly Bella, Edward, and Jacob-- are almost unrecognizable in this book, an unexpectedly  painful outcome.  I had hoped for so much more for these characters.  Other readers have called it a happy ending; I found it tragic.<br /><br />I absolutely loved the first three:  TWILIGHT, NEW MOON, and ECLIPSE, so much I read each one five or six times, totally losing myself in this beautiful, otherworldly love story.  I will probably have to re-read them again in a few months, just to wipe out the bad taste of BREAKING DAWN.
031606792X|1.0|While reading this book, I found myself frequently anticipating something exciting would happen with the direction the book was taking . . . and it never did.  The final sequence was particularly awful, I expected more out of the Volturi!  Also, struggle and sacrifice are what make a story interesting, unfortunately the only sacrifice here is Bella's stomach and my lunch.  The characters are off, too.  I will admit that I did like some of the newcomers, actually more than the main characters.  Alistair gives me a very hilarious mental picture, as do the Romanians, and I actually came to like Leah in this book.  It wasn't enough to save the book for me, though.  Between the baby, Bella's perfect vampire self (it's boring enough to make you sick) and the sudden \\"oh, vampires are like bunnies!\\" thing, there really was no salvaging.  At the end of the day, this reminded of a bad talk movie: the scene keeps changing, new information is presented, but nothing really happens.
0385340990|5.0|I enjoyed this book so much, i hope she writes another.  Its so sad that the  war affected everyone,no matter where you lived.. please read a great book
031606792X|5.0|I think I'm just sucker for happy endings. So ofcourse, I really liked the book. Although i wished the baby name was different.  I would rather have the middle name Carlie than  Reneesme.
031606792X|5.0|As a TRUE fan of the Twilight series as well as Stephenie Meyers I have to say this is the perfect ending to the Bella/Edward story.     I couldn't of asked for a better ending than the one Stephenie has provided. It was full of surprises and closure from all angles. As well as some unforseen possibilities for future books. From Nessies POV maybe.    For those of you that gave this book a 1 star you cannot call yourselves true fans of the series. I suspect that you also hated Twilight and Eclipse since both books lead to \\"happy endings\\".  Why did you even bother reading Breaking Dawn?    As for Stephenie's writing style I suggest you read The Host. That book is proof she really does know what she's doing.    Stephenie if you're reading this THANKS!  Its been a great ride!
031606792X|5.0|They are characters.     They are fictitious characters who react according to their development in the series.     They have no influence of some big, powerful, underlying message geared toward a certain demographic.     It's a story.    Not every character in every book will be a triumphant hero, or a melodramatic martyr.     People aren't two-dimensional and constant, why should literary figures be?
B0017I1FO4|5.0|I have to agree with the other posters, this CD is DEFINATELY different and more hardcore than their previous songs/cds, but it's still a great CD.  My absolute favorite song of Shinedown is &#34;Burning Bright&#34; from their &#34;LEAVE A WHISPER&#34; CD, I like how slow and soothing it is. That being said, &#34;Devourer&#34; is a kick a** song.  It's blood pumping and makes you want to get up and move.My husband liked Shinedown's other songs/cds, but he LOVES this one.  He's more into Godsmack, etc.  Shinedown is a great band and they have a great following, but they are spreading their wings a bit to reach a larger and more diverse audience this time around, meanwhile throwing in songs such as &#34;Breaking Inside&#34; to keep the fans of the past and give them a reason to buy the CD as well. Too many artists will get completely away from the music that put them at the top, going from one extreme to another, I don't believe Shinedown is doing that or will do that.  They are spreading their wings yes, but they aren't flying off the handle.  I don't feel like I wasted my money in the least.  It's nice to find a group that has music to fit ALL my moods. Great Job Shinedown!! :)
031606792X|4.0|After reading all of the spoilers for this book (which I have never done for any book before) I spent the two days before I got Breaking Dawn moping over how bad I thought it was going to be-     I have learnt an important lesson- don't read spoilers. While they were all too (unfortunately) true, they were taken out of context.     All in all I though that this book was a decent conclusion to the Twilight series, despite the overly-fairytale like ending and the ridiciously anti-climactic ending, the rest of the book was okay.... Well, except for Nessie- not the charachter, just her name- Renesmee Carlie ... And to think- if it was a boy he would have been named just plain Edward!     It was nice to see some more depth put into the characters, and also to see things from a vampire's point of view. I know a few people were very disappointed that Bella wasn't the \\"normal\\" newborn vampire, but think about it- no other vampires were turned by choice, and most of them  resented the change, yet we have Bella who had been eager to make the change to an immortal and had mentally prepared herself for it.     The birth of Renesmee was an interesting addition to the books that I wouldn't have forseen if I hadn't read the spoilers. A vampire and a human having a child isn't completely unheard of in vampire mythology, so Stephenie Meyer wasn't making such a stretch. In the end Renesmee added a new story line and in turn showed us about the rich past of the vampires- again adding more depth to the story.     And how about Edward and Bella? Even after the transformation took place, you could still see the same old paranoid Bella, and overprotective Edward. Still Bella and Edward. Still a lovely relationship.     Apart from Renesmee's name, the fairy-tale-like but anti-climactic ending, there is only one other negative about this book for me; there was no sacrafice. Bella did not lose any thing as such, but gained the world. That said though, this is Stephenie Meyer's creation- farbe it from me to tell her what her characters should have to go through!     All in all, a four-star book. I liked it. It is a paranormal fantasy to-boot, and the work of a wonderful author.
B000XB5WHW|2.0|I can understand how Alicia Moore(Pink) was an outcast because I to was an outcast during jr. high/high school. But Pink shouldn't sing about being a Stupid Girl because Pink acts just like a stupid girl. Pink's immature and Pink dropped out of high school. At least all the other blonde party girls graduated from high school. Oh... Pink drinks and have done drugs in the past and she claims she not a stupid girl but a smart girl. She even admitted to the MTV Video awards audience back in 2003 that she was to drunk to make an acceptance speech when she won an award for best pop video. Pink is the stupid girl. What a hypocrite.
031606792X|5.0|I don't understand why so many people gave this book a bad review.  Everyone keeps saying that the characters in this book are horrible role models and don't represent reality.  Guess what, people...it's a FICTIONAL book.  It's not meant to portray the meaning of life.  It is meant to be a good story, which is exactly what it was.  This book was excellent and I had a great time reading it.  There is absolutely nothing wrong with a happy ending.
031606792X|3.0|Well... what can I say? The series is over I guess. I found myself rolling my eyes through most of the book. *Move on now if you don't want a spoiler or two* I mean I'm all about happy endings, but this was something else. The cheese factor was beyond anything I've ever read. It was humiliating even reading it out loud in my head. Pregnant, seriously? Jacob's roll in that... There was no action in the book, no gripping chapter really. Just flat lining mediocrity. Which is fine too, but not what I was expecting at all. Maybe all the hype had me over excited about it. All I can say is, it was cute, but not fantastic. I'm still glad I read it though.
B00005JLD4|5.0|Watched movie with my neighbors and am giving Amazon purchase as Christmas present.  Service from Amazon was excellent.
031606792X|1.0|I have been drawn in and truly enjoying the \\"Twilight\\" journey, which is why I have been eagerly anticipating the release of  Breaking Dawn.  Unfortunately, sadly, it was not worth the wait.   (Some Spoiler material below)    The magic and chemistry between Bella and Edward was missing.  In fact, most of the characters seemed off - which was hard to understand since Breaking Dawn takes place just weeks after Eclipse.  The story seems rushed, which is also hard to understand since the book is over 700 pages long.  I have many other issues with the book, but most are covered in other people's reviews.  Mainly, I want to say the following:    I know that this story is the author's to write, but the author and publisher KNOW the demographics (ages and gender) of who are reading these books.  Many young girls, after all this is Young Adult fiction, are crazy about these books and these characters.  I have witnessed this first hand when I went to a release party for Breaking Dawn with my daughter.  Even though these books are fiction, in some ways people like to identify with the characters (i.e. Bella).  Whether the author likes it or not, she has created a role model - and in Breaking Dawn that role model got married at 18, had a child and didn't go to college.  Hmmmm.  Bella has bruises all over her after sex and that delivery scene was absolutely gruesome - definitely not Young Adult material.    I know many people might take exception to the term \\"role model\\", but be honest, how many girls out there are wishing they could be Bella, or are wearing shirts saying, \\"Marry Me, Edward!\\" or \\"Marry Me, Jacob!\\" or have those same sentiments on their tags/bumper stickers on various blogsites/forums?    What bothers me the most is that I have recommended this series to many people - and I still will, but I will have to qualify my recommendation with saying they might want to skip the last book, ESPECIALLY if it is a younger person reading the books.
B000002H33|5.0|When I listen to Metallica from Kill'm All to Master of Puppets its easy for me to see that they were growing as a band.  It was their peek for the original line up (excluding Dave)... they sold 10,000 records without even any promotion except playing live.  Bands just don't do that.  You can tell that the whole band was writing the songs.  Unlike their following albums...<br />Master of Puppets hits extremely high on many a metal head's top-ten list, and for good reason.  It grabs you and makes you want to headbang or sash the room.  Its also lets you rest and chill on the beautiful melodic solos whether it be the bass or guitar.  The singing is powerful and meaningful... get to sing along with when you want to get out some aggression.  Really that is what makes this a great metal record, aggression and melody.
0740748475|5.0|If you're the comics-strips fan, who has been always desperate about the fact, that you could never gather everything about your favourite comics in one collection, your days of despair are over. This book is every comics fan dream. Amazingly complex, ...and amazingly heavy, on great paper, each sunday strip with its well deserved own page, with background introduction. This will bring a satisfied smile on your face every time you catch a glance of this book on your shelf (providing it's sturdy enough to hold it). A tribute to Calvin and Hobbes. Marvellous.
B000TXZVGQ|5.0|This remains the one truly great and overlooked TV creation of the 1990s. The ensemble acting, storytelling skills, production values, and emotional substance are as compelling now as when I first saw this series in MTV's reruns. That persistence, after what must now be a dozen viewings of each episode, is unique for me, as for thousands of others.<br /><br />Unfortunately, it didn't get enough of a chance to be thus adopted by millions of others, when this first aired, and that is why it didn't continue for even a full 24-to-26-episode season. (Along with ABC's poor publicity and well-documented corporate cowardice - far more than any actor's skittishness, despite what is said on Wikipedia and elsewhere.)<br /><br />I won't repeat the descriptive points brought out well by many other customers. I'll note here one crucial aspect that is often under-mentioned: \\"MSCL\\" is not solely about the teenagers. It revolves around a group of friends of that age. Yet it puts the stories firmly in the settings of their families and their teachers, as well. One knows the context and hidden facets for all the characters' lives, even within only 900 minutes.<br /><br />This came from both serendipity and law. Claire Danes (Angela Chase) and Devon Gummersall (Brian Krakow), portraying the two central threads of characterization, were 14 to 15 when this was made, and had strong legal restrictions on their work hours. That meant more scenes had to be written or rewritten to highlight and deepen their characters' friends. All of them were portrayed by actors with more liberal hours, but who were still all teenagers, rare both then and now.<br /><br />Most of all, it meant that the adults had to have substantial screen time. This adds most strongly to the emotional dimensions opened up for, and by, Bess Armstrong (Patty Chase) and Tom Irwin (Graham Chase). That broadened scope is one of the strongest reasons why this series still resonates, especially for many in our 30s and 40s, when any number of sitcoms and formula dramas using pre-fab parental stereotypes have faded from cultural memory.<br /><br />This six-disc release from Shout! Factory far exceeds the five-disc 2002 release from BMG in quality and features, and finally gives this seminal show the treatment it deserves. The book that's included has compelling reading, vivid photos, and an index to the entire series. The bonus disc's documentaries and production information are worth the entire price in themselves, especially the actors' appearance on a panel from 1995 at the Museum of Television and Radio. Even the series' music, a sprightly and perfectly fitting creation from a then-little-known composer, gets its own lively profile.<br /><br />Video and audio quality are superb. Several of the actors and creators have contributed commentary tracks that are perceptive and filled with anecdotes, even with having some long pauses - as many of them are clearly newly re-experiencing their work, with considerable wonder. The menus include potent, funny quotations. (The only element from the 2002 set that's missing here is the English subtitles.)<br /><br />If you like this series, if you think you might, if you were stunned with delight by it, you must snap this set up at once!dramas using pre-fab parental stereotypes have faded from cultural memory.    This six-disc release from Shout! Factory far exceeds the five-disc 2002 release from BMG in quality and features, and finally gives this seminal show the treatment it deserves. The book that's included has compelling reading, vivid photos, and an index to the entire series. The bonus disc's documentaries and production information are worth the entire price in themselves, especially the actors' appearance on a panel from 1995 at the Museum of Television and Radio. Even the series' music, a sprightly and perfectly fitting creation from a then-little-known composer, gets its own lively profile.    Video and audio quality are superb. Several of the actors and creators have contributed commentary tracks that are perceptive and filled with anecdotes, even with having some long pauses - as many of them are clearly newly re-experiencing their work, with considerable wonder. The menus include potent, funny quotations. (The only element from the 2002 set that's missing here is the English subtitles.)    If you like this series, if you think you might, if you were stunned with delight by it, you must snap this set up at once!
031606792X|5.0|Even though I really do love the Twilight series, some of the twists in this book did weird me out a little, but despite the overly convieniant solutions to this story I really did come to like the plot in the end. Personally, being the romantic that I am, I loved this book and its sugary endig.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Viva La Vida or Death and All His Friends strikes me as Coldplay's introspective on what lies beyond this world. A few religious overtones w/ heavy organ, but a good mix of instrumentation from different parts of the world. I don't think they could help putting in a few quasi-love-tunes (Strawberry Swing/Lovers in Japan) but there is a continuing night into day theme through every tune. I feel, the album, much like Coldplay's style of writing/\\"counterpoint\\" fits well together as a complete thought from beginning to end.   Favorite Tunes so far: 42/Lost/VivaLaVida/To Death And All His Friends
031606792X|2.0|Sadly, as much as I have been looking forward to this I am so disappointed. This book is a huge departure from the rest of the series in the worst way. The plot has more holes than a golf course. The characters are very different and oddly one dimensional. It is not to say there are not redeeming qualities but I think that the ridiculous outweigh the good. What bothered me most is the lack of power behind Bella/Edward. I can't believe that since the other books are so centered on their love story, that this one is so..not (for lack of a better word). It is a shame what has happened to Edward's character in this book. He is no longer the witty, humorous, romantic vampire we all fell in love with. He has been reduced to an agonized chuckling background character. I wish it ended at Eclipse now. =/
031606792X|3.0|I am going to avoid spoilers here and simply say that I was disappointed. I felt like this book, which had so much potential based on the rest of the series, was an inconsistent story with the characters completing breaking their established roles in totally unbelievable ways. To me, it just felt like a race to see how quickly the author could tie up every loose end...
0743290119|1.0|This book was actually insulting to my intelligence!  I read and enjoyed other books by Ms. Weisberger which is why I purchased and read Chasing Harry Winston but trust me when I tell you that this one is best left untouched.  I like chick-lit and don't expect Pulitzer Prize-winning material but this was just mind-numbing!  The author needs to put a little more effort into developing likable, intelligent characters and give them story lines that the reader can care about before publishing this trash.  Save your money and the trees used to make the book!
0756404746|5.0|Alright let me first say, I read this book on the whim. I really was worried that it was going to be an over written novel that plagues the genre with the my'eths and the my'lord colloquial annoyances. It wasn't it was written with the tone of someone who you can relate with even if your 20 something, a teen or a grown up you can see yourself as that young man and it makes the book. It's written to inspire and with imagination. It's pretty much pg 13 as far as books go although it's marketed with a darkness to it.     I loved it simply and I was pleasantly surpised too. I cannot wait for the second. The characters were a bit underdeveloped if there was any con, I am pretty sure those will be answers left to the next novel.
0061537934|5.0|This is my favorite book that I have read in 2008 (and I have read A LOT)!!!  I originally bought this book for my husband for our recent vacation but I finished all of the books I brought and stole his copy of this book.  I raced through the first 200 pages the day that I began reading it and then had to pace myself through the remainder because it was so good that I did not want it to end.  The ending was so moving and I felt the need to email the author to tell him how much I loved book.  He took the time to respond which made me enjoy the book that much more.  I want everyone I know to read this!  I am a huge dog lover and I gained a new perspective on my own dogs after reading The Art of Racing In The Rain.  All I can say is BUY IT NOW!!!  And buy an extra copy to give to someone you love.
0452289963|2.0|The highlight of this book starts on page 137.  Tolle observes, \\"after two ducks get into a fight, which never lasts long, they will separate and float off in opposite directions.\\"  He continues the theme through page 138, telling us that ducks then flap there wings and get over it, suggesting that we all be more duck-like.  Of course, then we would have to float, which would mean we'd all have to be made of wood, which means Tolle is really offering us hocus pocus psychology.      The problem is, obviously, we are not ducks.  We have feelings and emotions.  Tolle calls this our Pain-Body, as if feelings are a bad thing.  If we could only recognize it and wish it away, we would all be better.  He forgets that it is our emotion that separates us from ducks and makes us uniquely human.  I can't imagine telling someone with a broken arm to just see the bone and wish it away.  It is with great damage that books such as this make just such a suggestion with emotional and psychological pain.  It creates a shame around mental and emotional suffering that only does harm for those with serious hurt.      We are not, and should not desire to be, ducks!  Quack!
B000IJ79WU|4.0|Bear in mind, given the fact that Donner only shot 75 to 80 percent of the sequel, it is rough in places. That said, though, this is a superior film to Lester's follow up. The tone is right with the first film. It takes the subject matter seriously, but with a tongue firmly planted in it's cheek at times.     Let's face it. As good as Spider-Man and The Dark Knight were, the original 1978 Superman is the penultimate superhero movie. It's the standard by which so few can even come close. That is why it was so sad that the Salkinds and Spengler didn't wish to have Donner finish the second film...much less have Brando return. Donner made that first film what it was. Actually, I'd say it was Donner, Mankiewicz, and Reeves that really brought life to Superman.    I honestly believe that this cut, which includes screen tests in a few places to keep the plot cohesive, is a schematic of what could have been as great a film as the original Superman was. As much as I liked the Lester version as a kid, I watch it now and see how incredibly campy it was and just didn't have the pathos it's predecessor had. Lester is a fine director of slapstick and satire, that is a given. Donner was more respectful of the source material..verisimilitude is the term he uses. He really made me believe a man could fly when I was a nine-year-old in that darkened theater in 1978.    My only greivance with this film would be it's conclusion. I always had a problem with the \\"turning back time\\" conclusion with the first film. Doing the same here seems like a cop-out. It is, however, much better than giving Superman the power of an amnesia producing kiss.     All in all. I enjoyed watching Donner's vision much more than the action/comedy approach of Lester. I would recomend this version to the die hard fans of the original.     Only four stars because of the ending.
031606792X|1.0|------------May contain Spoilers-----------------    I see what you did there- you wanted to trick us all into thinking breaking dawn was the final book in the saga, when really its just some poor kids fanfic that you stole to keep people satisfied- right? Shame on you.  If it isn't some poor kids fanfic, SHAME ON YOU EVEN MORE! You had us for devoted fans (and probably a couple crazy ones left), and you gave us this piece of, well, you know!   I keep thinking my friends put the wrong cover on the book, I mean, crazy sci-fi books have shot gun weddings, weird and unbelievable vampire mutant children, and werewolves falling in love with vampire mutant children. WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?  renesmee. what!?. Carlie!? Corny beyond belief- not cute in one way.   I had been terrified of what the voulturi might do. voulturi schmoulturi- you ruined that too!  I had been excited beyond belief for both Breaking Dawn and Midnight Sun- now Midnight Sun holds no interest for me.  What were you thinking Stephenie?  Sincerely  A very disappointed fan    p.s. What am I going to tell all my friends who I'd previously told that this was a good replacement for Harry Potter? Pshh... that's a joke
031606792X|1.0|I was so disappointed with this book. I waited and waited for this to come out because the plot sounded so interesting but it was just really boring.
0061142026|4.0|Neil Gaiman is by far one the top fantasy writers of our time. Personally I like when he writes with that dark humor of his. (just like he did on -American Gods, Neverwhere & Anansi Boys). Stardust on the other hand it's the \\"nice\\" book of the pack.<br /><br />Nevertheless, it's a beautiful piece of work. You will be transported to the town of Wall and beyond the market.. to an extremely well crafted land of magic, witches and kings. Stardust it's quite entertaining and will keep you turning page after page. Great book for both young and adults.
B001BTG3OQ|5.0|I purchased this as a replacement for an SB600 as my main on-shoe flash, and as a second flash for off-camera strobes in my basement studio.  I love this flash, especially compared to the 600, for no other reason than changing it from normal to master or remote is as simple as turning a dial.  With the 600, it's an exercise in multi-button torture to get it into remote mode!    I can't compare it to the 800 to say whether it is better or worse than, but compared to the 600 it's a great flash if you are doing anything beyond basic on-camera work.
0765318741|4.0|Here is the story of Mr. Robert Neville, the sole witness and only survivor of the end of the world. One good day, people started to rise from the grave and turn into vampires. Our main character isolates himself in his house with everything he needs to survive.<br /><br />By night he stays in, tormented by the screams and memories of his past life, by day he hunts the devils. Kill them in their sleep.<br /><br />Richard Matheson left his mark in the vampire genre with \\"I Am Legend\\", its one of the best vampires novels ever.<br /><br />It leaves you with a hollow feeling in the chest (the same feeling I got when I saw almost 25 years ago the original Planet of the Apes).<br /><br />The way he describes the solitude of Robert Neville, his desperation it's just incredible. The fact that a new species (vampires) had organized and now rules the earth it's just the final touch of desperation to the trama. Robert Neville is the last man on earth, the outcast, the intruder. He is the new and last monster to be destroyed.<br /><br />I Am Legend it's a must in your book collection.
031606792X|1.0|Ok I bought all 4 books and in 4 days read 3 1/2 of them.  I really don't wanna finish the fourth.  I managed to get past the fact that Bella was a brat (what's with jumping down everyone's throats for giving her parties and presents?)and I managed to overlook the fact that their relationship set off all kinds of abusive relationship alarms (keeping her from her friends, keeping one hand on her at all times, deciding where she can go and what she needs to know, putting her on house arrest when you leave town)because I craved the romance.  But I lost interest and respect for the fourth book shortly after the \\"I do's\\". Sure I wanted a happy ending, I was secretly siding with Jacob, but what a disappointment!  Heck a happy little threesome would have been easier to accept than imprinting on their baby?!!  And the whole baby thing in itself was just too corny.  All I could think was.. Oh no you didn't!  I'll finish the book, in a few days, but I'll wish I had stopped reading at book 3.
B00006IU73|5.0|Man, I kinda got this album on a whim, and boy am I glad I did.  From the opening riff to the powerful, moving closer, there is not a dull moment.  The heavier stuff reminds me a little of Opeth and Dream Theater...maybe a little Tool in there even though I don't really listen to them.  There are some beautiful haunting/atmospheric passages too, which add a great deal of dimension to the album.  I'm not familiar with Porcupine Tree's back catalog, but from what I gather, this might be the most accessible album of theirs at the time of its release.  I definitely recommend it to people who like good rock and progressive music.
0070511136|5.0|Being involved in complex sales processes for years, I found the SPIN concept elegant and very effective at the same time. It is one of the best books written in the area of major sales. Absolutely a classic!
031606792X|5.0|I was wondering how Meyer was going to top her previous books.  Of course she did.  How did she even think of that? I am 30 years old with kids and all of my \\"same age\\" friends loved this book the most.  I think we could relate more to Bella as she got older and experienced more....stuff.    I would do anything for her to keep this series going.  She does leave some loose ends.    Great book.   Highly recommended!    \\"Stephenie Meyer, please do a part two to breaking dawn.\\"
B0007TKH66|5.0|It's a well known fact that there are a lot of Enterprise haters out there. But no matter what you may have heard, this series is not at all as bad as some say it is.    The first season box set is a great collection. You get all of the episodes, along with various episodes with commentary and deleted scenes. You also get a disk with more in-depth special features, such as interview and behind-the-scenes looks that you would expect from a quality box-set.    The first seasons was the producers testing the waters, and they didn't do a half-bad job with it. Star Trek: Enterprise is well worth checking out, and the first season DVD is a great place to start.
031606792X|5.0|So if this story had the ending some want: Bella goes off to college, pursues a career, and then maybe considers getting with a still 17-year-old Edward ten years later, etc. etc. would anyone really be happy with that either? This is the path Bella chose, and as someone that married at 18 and divorced at 20, I totally understand her. It's true, she's young and she probably really doesn't know what she wants but Edward seems to fit her perfectly, even when he is irritatingly over protective and somewhat stalkerish sometimes, he loves her and she loves him, and in the end I'm sure that's all that matters. This book is fiction, it has no truth, and while it does convey certain messages, there certainly are a ton of good ones: Wait to have sex after marriage, having children with your husband is a good thing, etc. Which I think a lot of teenage girls need to hear.<br />I absolutely loved this series. As a soldier serving in Iraq for the past 10 months of my life, these books really took me away from here and somewhere else while I was reading them. Even if you ended up not liking the story, you have to agree the storytelling itself was amazing. I've stayed up all night before trying to finish the books and waited and waited for Breaking Dawn to come in. It had the happy ending I was expecting, as were a million others. Either way, no matter how she chose to end the book, some people would be happy, others would be disappointed. Sure, there are still unanswered questions but isn't that what makes a good book? There were times I wish Bella would just grow up and have some maturity and stop complaining so much (I mean, seriously, who throws a fit when they get a surprise party? At least ACT grateful!) I'm sure many of us felt this way, but I suppose she redeemed herself in many ways. I will never forget this series, and whenever I have a child I'll let them read it too. I can't be hypocritical and say Bella made the wrong choice. If my husband was like Edward, I would probably still be married to him. And come on, ladies! If you met some sexy, young man who was LOADED and had eyes for nothing but you and wanted nothing but you.. plllease. You can't even pretend that you wouldn't \\"throw away\\" your future and go with him. I know I would. She had total security and though the life of a vampire isn't easy and isn't for everyone, it's what she wanted, and it seems she found eternal bliss. She has her daughter, she got some kind of tie to Jacob which disappointed me but now I'm fine with, and she has the love of her life. Who could ask for more? She has the rest of eternity to go to school and learn new things, there is no sense of time for her anymore. And who wouldn't give anything to be able to spend the rest of eternity with their families and with those they love? Just something to think about.<br />I'm in love, obsessed!, with this series, it will remain with me forever. Maybe one day I will find my own Edward.. minus the blood drinking part.y still be married to him. And come on, ladies! If you met some sexy, young man who was LOADED and had eyes for nothing but you and wanted nothing but you.. plllease. You can't even pretend that you wouldn't \\"throw away\\" your future and go with him. I know I would. She had total security and though the life of a vampire isn't easy and isn't for everyone, it's what she wanted, and it seems she found eternal bliss. She has her daughter, she got some kind of tie to Jacob which disappointed me but now I'm fine with, and she has the love of her life. Who could ask for more? She has the rest of eternity to go to school and learn new things, there is no sense of time for her anymore. And who wouldn't give anything to be able to spend the rest of eternity with their families and with those they love? Just something to think about.  I'm in love, obsessed!, with this series, it will remain with me forever. Maybe one day I will find my own Edward.. minus the blood drinking part.
B000A6T262|5.0|Great set of DVD's. Well worth it at the price. I've had a lot of fun rewatching these movies, and the bonus features are fantastic.    My one gripe is that on just a couple of the DVD's, some of the bonus features are very scattered; some of it doesn't really apply to the movie. I noticed it the most in Generations.    Fantastic set, none the less. Full stars.
B000A6T1KE|5.0|My apologies up front, but my review of this film, and reaction to some of the other reviews present, is more personal and less detached than reviews of this type usually should be. But where Star Trek is concerned, my opinions are more emotional, and even deeply  more personal than usual for TV and film subject matter.  If this will derail you, read no further.  After watching so many people regurgitate their semi-informed views on the state of Trek and recent projects, and this film in particular, I have abandoned my \\"to each their own\\" stance on the subject, and will have my say.  Another reviewer writes: \\"I'm simply amazed at how many Star Trek fans abhor this movie! I guess I'm not enough of a Trekkie to understand the hatred, though I have been a fan since the 1970's.\\"  I was thinking the opposite. I myself have been a fan since the '70's. I believe that makes people like us \\"real\\" fans, and provides sufficient credentials to have an opinion. At first I also wondered why so many bad reviews. Then, I realized, in settings like this, you are not seeing the opinions of Star Trek fans. You are getting the opinions of \\"a majority of the people.\\" Big difference. Star Trek never was truly appreciated by a majority of the people. A majority of the people apparently thought the original series should be cancelled....  Asking people who probably did not truly \\"get\\" Trek, and what made it work to begin with, to rate which movie is the best, is like asking my mom and dad (children of the 50's) if Iron Maiden is a great band, and just taking their word for it. Not the proper audience.  You have people that are too young to appreciate the original, and wish it were more like Babylon 5, or folks that think Sci-Fi should run like a reality show. But, I digress....  Nemesis is, along with Star Trek II, probably one of the best of all Trek films. (As a true cinematic artwork, and excellent overall expression of the \\"Great Bird\\" 's original concept for ST without the limitationsof weekly serial TV, Star Trek: The Motion Picture tops them all, and has not been surpassed. But, it lacked the sting of battle, heat of conflict, and the shrill squeal of phaser fire that fans craved.) Like Star Trek II, Nemesis has its share of flaws and inconsistencies, but like STII these are out shined by the action, drama, and spirit of adventure. These were seriously lacking in TNG episodes and films, and this final TNG piece seems to have been given a major transfusion of TOS blood. Ironic that yet again, when Paramount finally gets it right, they again nip it off at the bud because box office returns weren't exactly what they wanted, after trying this exact formula with newer TNG cast a total of ONE time. Those of us long suffering fans have come to expect nothing less from them.  If it is time to let Star Trek be, it is not because its potential is gone, it is because those to whom the reigns have passed do not know how to utilize it creatively, and refuse to listen to the people who really watch it loyally: Longtime Fans. Not the \\"bloggers\\" online that tune in now and then when taking a break from World of War Craft, or there is nothing good on Sci-Fi Channel. I hate to say it, but: If you don't like this film, you probably just don't like Star Trek anyway, and should just go watch your old episodes of \\"Earth2\\", and leave this fine film, and its fans in peace.
031606792X|2.0|So much for that.  I don't even recognize this book.  It is if she took a poll of all the tweens and asked them how they would like the series end.  And what is her weird obsession with sex?  Enough already we got it.
1569242739|5.0|The cupcakes are delicious, moist, and gorgeous; there's a wonderful variety of offerings from the very easy to the uber-fancy, but Isa and Terry make it all very non-threatening. I made a batch of the lemon macadamia nut cupcakes for a party not long ago and they were devoured instantly; only my lactose-intolerant bf knew that they were vegan. The cupcakes I've made have all turned out to be moist (it's worth saying twice) and flavorful, and could stand alone nicely without frosting--strong words from someone who normally ignores the cake entirely in favor of the frosting! The authors pay scrupulous attention to flavor, mouthfeel, and texture in all recipes; the tips on baking and where to find some of the less everyday materials or ingredients are also very helpful.    Some of the ingredients can be hard to find for some of the recipes (I have torn the greater St. Louis area apart trying to find vegan cream cheese, to no avail), but that's sort of to be expected. Bottom line, I'll happily live in any world these ladies decide to take over.
031606792X|3.0|Life after Harry Potter has been rough for adults.  I found Twilight looking for Harry's replacement.  Don't get me wrong, I feel that Twilight lived up to its hype, but the rest of the series has suffered from really bad editing.  I think I enjoyed Breaking Dawn because I had no great expectations for it.  After reading Eclipse I had no hope for the series.  There is a great review on Amazon that outlines the serious problems with Eclipse.  My thought is that New Moon and Eclipse should have been one book because the villain, Victoria, is the same in both.  I also think that both Meyer's and Bella's inability to let Jacob go lead to that really creepy imprint on Renesmee in Breaking Dawn.   I still don't know why Bella loves Edward (not helped by the sex in BD) and much of that interplay has been edited out for the relationship between Jacob and Bella.  As for Bella herself, she only becomes interesting to me as a vampire, now that we will never hear her point of view again.  May I paraphrase Tupac here, \\"Bella's got a baby, but Bella's hardly got a brain.\\"   In Twilight, I thought that Bella was one of the most endearing characters ever and that continued into New Moon.  But after she realizes she loves Jacob in Eclipse and couldn't let him go in Breaking Dawn, she just became an idiot to me.  So not only is Bella one of the weakest (mentally) characters in literary history she now has the care of any innocent child?  Yikes.    The highlight of Breaking Dawn was the gathering of the vampires, whom I hope we get to hear more about in future books.   I am all for the Carlisle Chronicles, but only if there is better editing.  The negatives--there should have been an epic battle with the Volturi or at least someone should have spanked Jane and Alec for being so rude.    And Jacob imprinting on Nessie, yuck.  Future conversations:  Nessie, \\"Jacob, have you ever been in love before?  Yes, Nessie with your mother, and I kissed her, and imagined her naked, and tried to break her hand after she married your father.\\"   Why couldn't Jacob be better off with Leah?  They were of one mind with broken hearts and were starting to understand each other.  I saw the chance for Jacob's character development, which was lost.  Think, when Nessie is seven and fully developed, he will be 23 and it will still be conceptually gross.     Was this a good book?, well it wasn't as bad as Eclipse.   I think what I was looking for was there, Edward and Bella are together forever.  Has Meyer lost a fan?  In the end, Meyer is a millionaire and I have contributed to that fund.  But, I don't think I will be there at midnight to purchase another one of her books.  I will check it out from the library first, unless she decides to get better editors.  (Read the unedited version of the Rowling's Sorcerer's Stone.)  I am just upset because I think Meyer had the chance to be as great as Tolkien or Rowling with these novels and missed it.  Now, I think the kid who writes the Eragon series might have a better chance at that elusive greatness.
B0000033TE|3.0|There is very little doubt that Emerson, Lake & Palmer were one of the most talented bands in the history of rock. Each individual was among the very best at his respective instrument. It's unfortunate though that, like most of their albums, Brain Salad Surgery is an inconsistent affair. When they got it right it was some of the best stuff ever recorded, but when they didn't get it right it was some dismal stuff. Some of this stems from what they decided to record, in particular, songs they didn't write. Many consider Brain Salad Surgery to be ELP's best album, I disagree, I consider Tarkus to be their best studio album.    Brain Salad Surgery was their fourth studio album & very little that followed was worth having. Don't get me wrong, I'm a big ELP fan, owning every one of their releases through Love Beach, also saw them in concert twice. Brain Salad Surgery peaked at #11 on the charts but didn't have any singles that charted. \\"Still... You Turn Me On\\" was released as a single & is a good Greg Lake ballad but the rhyming triplet in it (sadder..., madder..., someone get me a ladder\\") is one of the most annoying & ill considered rhymes in the annals of rock.    The album opens with \\"Jerusalem\\" which is an okay selection; It's a hymn from the Anglican church done in the ELP way. Next is \\"Toccata\\", another song that they reached outside the group to record. Emerson had wanted to do this piece for a long time, it does feature some drum synthesizers from Carl Palmer but, unfortunately, it's less than good, though it is interesting. Next is the Greg Lake ballad \\"Still... You Turn Me On\\" with the aforementioned triplet. Lake usually included one ballad per album which, to me, was always a highlight of their albums. \\"Still... You Turn Me On\\" isn't any different in that regard from his other ballads; it's a great song except for the annoying triplet. \\"Benny the Bouncer\\" is next. ELP would also include a novelty song on most albums, Brain Salad Surgery isn't any different.But, like every other novelty song they wrote, it's definite filler, definitely below the talent level of this band. I guess that they felt it was necessary because they were such a 'serious' band & needed to lighten the tone, at least for a single song. Next is the centerpiece of the album \\"Karn Evil Nine\\". This song originally encompassed an entire side, & a piece of the other side, of the vinyl release. \\"Karn Evil Nine\\" is done in four movements which reflects some of their classical training. Many consider \\"Karn Evil Nine\\" to be ELP's greatest studio achievement. I consider it to be their second best, \\"Tarkus\\" would be, in my opinion, the pinnacle recording of their studio efforts. Without a doubt, though, \\"Karn Evil Nine\\" is probably their most recognized prog-rock piece. One movement (2nd Impression) is an Emerson solo piece that shows just how good he is on an unadulterated piano (no special effects or electronics).     This particular edition has a bonus track that is an interview with the group. In it they discuss some of the things that were involved in the recording of the album. It's absolutely unnecessary. I never did like so-called bonus tracks that are interview excerpts. This is the sort of thing that shouldn't ever be included on a cd. How many people do you know that play this track when comes on the player? Usually, after a couple of listenings, most people will skip the track or eject the cd.    This is a good ELP effort though not their best. I consider it to be their second best studio album.
031606792X|2.0|Let me first say I loved the first 3 books.  So much so that I've read them all several times and enjoy them each time.  I initially did not like Jacob, and was all for leaving him out of the equation completely... After a while, the more I read and thought, Jake grew on me, almost, but not quite enough to hope that he ended up with Bella.  And so I waited, not quite so patiently for Breaking Dawn to reveal what finally happened.    {SPOILERS!!!}        It started out quite cute... I love the way Charlie handled the announcement!  And then, out of no where, I was like, huh?    Even accepting Stephenie's own rules, I felt like some of story lines were way out there, and the way Bella handled herself throughout most of the book seemed very un-Bella_like.  And what's with Jasper's new nickname?  I cringed everytime someone called him \\"Jazz\\"...     Sadly, it did not live up to my expectations...
031606792X|4.0|I had been waiting anxiously for my book to arrive from Amazon and was reading reviews in the meantime.  I was kind of shocked by the amount of people who didn't like the book.  After reading the reviews, I prepared myself for disappointment.      Frankly, my expectations were wrong.  After reading the book, I really like it.  I will agree with some other reviewers that it moves too fast, it's a little too neatly packaged, etc.  However, the tenor of this book is more mature, which I really appreciated.  I'm 25 and highly enjoyed the first three books, but I found the melodrama and Bella's lack of maturity and pratical worship of Edward annoying and the endless repetition of certain words (scowl, grimace, beautiful, crooked smile, etc.) distracting.      The things Bella experiences in this book--pregnancy, childbirth, vampire conversion--change her.  She becomes a woman. Her conversion to a vampire puts her on equal footing with Edward, which also brings their relationship to a new level.  They love each other more than ever, but it seemed more realistic now.  The way their relationship is described in the previous books sounds more like infatuation.  In this book, as spouses and parents, their relationship reads more of deep love and respect for each other and their child.    Bottom line--this book was highly entertaining.  Isn't that it's job, anyway? :)    I also couldn't help noticing how some the characters and situations SM creates in this book might lead to spin-offs.  Will the Volturi come again? What will happen to Jake and Nessie? Will the Volturi find the vampire who has created so many vampire-human hybrids?? Hmmm...
B001676320|5.0|The perfect Concert CD for a warm summer night!  Brought back memories of my first Chicago concert....Both groups still have good pipes after all these years.  An interesting combination of having them perform together.  Two Thumbs UP!!!
031606792X|1.0|I just don't get it. I don't understand ANY of most of this book.       SPOILERS**********      First off, Bella gets preggo. How in the world is this possible!?!?!?! I expected an explanation that made sense. The explanation was barely a page in the book. Not only that, but it made no sense.     Some parts of the book were so long and dragged out I just wanted to stop reading. I forced forward only to drench the book in my tears. Tears of happiness that it was over. I may be harsh, but read the book and you'll see.     I'm a teenager, too. A 17 year old girl, to be exact. So all of those posts saying that teens love the book!!!11!!!! just aren't true. Everyone's different. Me, I just need things that have a scintilla of logic behind them.    I'm aware that this book is fantasy. I'm aware that Meyer's allowed to write whatever she wants. But, in my opinion, it wasn't very good.    Character's personalities were sucked through the big black plot holes and lost. They completely reformed without a moments notice. However, it seemed easy enough to drag on about details that didn't really matter for chapters at a time. Bella becomes a character that is so defined by other that she might as well cease to exist. She embodied the girl I never wanted to become, a girl defined by a man. Without him, she might as well just die. Don't take my word for it, she says it in the book enough. She was no longer the independent girl that captivated the hearts of so many. It's disappointing, to say the least.
0061537934|5.0|This is one of those books you do not want to miss. If you ever doubted that your dog clearly understands you and knows you better than you know yourself, this is the book to read. I could not put it down and was totally \\"taken\\" by Enzo. I cried, laughed, and genuinely enjoyed every part of the book. I read constantly but never felt compelled to write a review or send an email to the author. With this book, I did both. Everyone that i have passed the book on to has agreed with me. Now, I can continue to \\"talk\\" to every dog I meet and feel comfortable that they \\"get me\\". Enjoy the read..
B00005JLKB|5.0|I really like the first season; it's very well done. Good, solid stories, and I liked seeing Lex and Clark as best friends. I was rooting for Lex, hoping he could overcome the urge to be evil, even though I knew it was not to be. And, to prove I have no life, I watched the season with a checklist in front of me, and here's what I counted as far as who Clark saved this season, and how many times.<br /><br />Lana=7<br />Lex=6<br />Jonathan=2<br />Martha=4<br />Chloe=4<br />Pete=2<br />Lionel=0<br />Random Hot Chick=2<br />Random Guy=9<br />Someone who was just trying to kill Clark=4<br />Other (group of people, entire world, etc.) 2<br />Total individual saves, not counting \\"other\\"=40
B0001PBYRW|5.0|I'm not sure how to describe this story, I don't really want to tell you anymore than I knew before I started reading it.  It's so much better to be surprised by the twists and turns, I will tell you there are many.<br /><br />Sue Trinder is a thief from London who has set out to assist one of her compatriots, known as Gentleman, into tricking Maud Lilly into marrying him, in an effort to get his hands on her fortune.<br /><br />I loved and hated the characters that Sarah Waters brought to life.  Her descriptions were so vivid, the details many, the mystery exciting...I loved it!<br /><br />If only they could all be so good!<br /><br />Sarah Waters is a wonderful writer and story teller.<br />I will be looking for more of her work.
0786948523|4.0|Fourth edition is very exciting.  I have been playing D&D for over 20 years, and this is the first time I have looked at an edition past 2nd.
B00005J6UP|5.0|I remember seeing this movie in the theatre as a kid and was riveted. It has action, adventure, a great story, a fun soundtrack, great acting (Ann Ramsey, Sean Astin and Martha Plimpton are notable) and more. Because of some mild profanity and quick drug references (in a humorous scene) at the beginning, I suggest ages 10 and up as a guideline. Your kids will love it, and you just might too!
031606792X|1.0|Unlike the many Twilight-crazed fans out there, I was never too hung up on the series; to me, it always presented light, if entertaining reading. When I picked up Breaking Dawn, I was looking forward to a book that would tie up the series in a satisfactory way; I was in for a rude surprise.  The problem that Breaking Dawn has is very similar to the 5th Harry Potter book: it is too long, badly edited, and full of anger and resentment cropping up ine the strangest places.  Much ado has been made about the disturbing scenes in this book (and I am not one to deny the fact that they exist). Edward asking the unthinkable from Jake, Bella's violent (and sudden!) pregnancy, and Jake's imprinting on a BABY all make for some queasy reading. But that is not the point.  People talk about how Bella has it too perfect: a loving husband, a baby, Jake, eternity, beauty--everything anyone coul want--but that is not the point either.  What really bothered me about this series was that there was no character development and growth. True, having godlike vampire floating around can do wonders in the way of allowing static charachters, but it doesn't explain everything. All you have is people going witht he flow--everyone listening to each other and doing NOTHING.  And then there is Bella. So much has been made of the arduous transition from human to vampire--the pain, the violence, the searing thirst. And then Bella doesn't even experience it. She doesn't struggle, doesn't fight, doesn't develop as a person. At eighteen she is guaranteed a perfect existense though no merit of her own.  What a horrid message to leave a reader with.
031606792X|5.0|I thought the book was great and even thought it really threw me for a loop I'm really glad with how it turned out. I can't seem to understand what other people are thinking when they say they are disappointed with it.
031606792X|1.0|The Twilight Saga was my favorite series I'd ever read.  Reading Breaking Dawn has decapitated that obsession.  Things within this book will ruin your love for the others.  Relationships built over hundreds of pages will never be the same again.  I'm not even sure if pretending it doesn't exist will help.  If I hadn't read it, Yeah...all would be well, but once you read it, there is no going back.        Take my advice.  Go read some fan fiction, and pick your favorite ending, and most likely it will be better than this.  Seriously...all of the characters could have died, and I would have felt better about this book.
0783240287|5.0|The story-line, the music, and the cast combine to creat a wonderful experience the whole family can enjoy together.
0316067598|5.0|should be required reading for all Americans so we don't take our freedoms for granted.  this book inspires a sense of pride and awe for the men and women who serve us in the military.  this is reality, not some 'and they lived happily ever-after' bedtime story.
031606792X|4.0|The reviews are very polar. You either like it, or hate it. I liked this book. I'll be honest, though, book 2 in this did weird me out. At the end I actually laughed out loud at the absurdity.  Book 1 was good, I enjoyed how she subtly described everything and that it all made sense. Book 3 was great, back to the old ways. I really did enjoy the ending and how everything came together. It was a nice way to complete and left me smiling and happy. I'm going read it again, b/c I heard most people enjoy the second time around better.
031606792X|1.0|This book will not be a part of our family library. As far as our 4 children will know Bella will still be in a quandry.  They can make up their own stories I am sure theirs will be better than then Breaking Dawn.  It was just HORRIFIC! It went from bad from worse. I can't believe that it went through proof readers.  Her first chapter of Midnight Sun looks like it may redeem her however....
031606792X|1.0|After a marathon 2 days this week of reading the first 3 books in the Twilight series, I was very satisfied and looking forward to finding out how Meyer would resolve her story.  I enjoyed the build up to the wedding, the wedding, and the honeymoon.  The emotions of the newlyweds and how they handled the physical aspect of their relationship was well presented - since this was not only their first time together,  but also the first time (that anyone knew) that a vampire and a human had come together.  Up to this point, I was still \\"hooked\\".<br /><br />And then, as I read on, I became less and less enchanted with Meyer's story.  It began to feel as if I had read something like it before, and the feeling the book started having on me was one I had experienced with another book series I had enjoyed years before - Jean Auel's Clan of the Cave Bear series - book 5 (Shelters of Stone).  Reading further, I saw more and more similarities between the books:<br /><br />- The ever greater Mary-sueing of Bella.  She goes from being a moody, klutzy teenage girl with plenty of quirky hangups to the most beautiful, uber-newborn Vampire the world had ever seen.<br /><br />- The introduction of a baby with a ridiculous name (Renesmee verses Jondalya), whose powers are so extraordinary that it's like the second coming. Everyone who meets the little imp is awed and worshipful.  The introduction of Renesmee to all the covens also reminded me of the many introductions Ayla and Wolf experienced in Auel's novels - and the similarities of that same worshipful awe were also present.<br /><br />- The introduction of far too many characters who were no more then a name (and usually a superpower).<br /><br />- The reduction of the male hero to merely a stud device.  In Breaking Dawn, Edward attains a very similar status to Jean Auel's male character, Jondalar.  After three books, where he's been presented to the reader as fairly engaging, powerful, and in control (if not a little controlling), here he's really only helpful when he's needed for vampire sex or encouraging the pimping out of his wife to her best friend to make more \\"human\\" babies.  Heck, even his newborn wife can kick his butt now!<br /><br />- The buildup of tension in the form of the Volturi and what they would do to our clan (excuse me...coven) had potential, but it never got realized in the end.  The big showdown turned into nothing more then a chance for the vampires worldwide to come together and oohhh and aaahhh over a little mutant princess.  As someone else noted in their review, no one ended up sacrificing anything.  Jacob and his entire story arc were neatly dealt with by inserting a creepy plot twist with Renesmee.  Not one character died, mainly because the newest member of the coven - that's right - Mary-Sue/Bella - was able to protect all of them with a nifty little mind trick she learned in just a few days of practice!<br /><br />I guess I'm just particularly disgusted with this final installment because 3/4's of the novel didn't ring true in relation with the other three in the series.  It almost felt like someone else had written this one, and all the fears, doubts, tensions and conflicts that made the first three so interesting was greatly lacking in this one.<br /><br />And so, after rambling on far too long, I'd like to wrap up with this:<br />Meyer's books are still overall an engaging series, although in my opinion, Breaking Dawn drags the series down.  Like Jean Auel's Clan of the Cave Bear series, I think Meyer became too much in love with her characters and didn't want anything bad to happen to them, so she took the easy (and boring) route, and gave them all happy endings, to the detriment of the plot.he's needed for vampire sex or encouraging the pimping out of his wife to her best friend to make more \\"human\\" babies.  Heck, even his newborn wife can kick his butt now!    - The buildup of tension in the form of the Volturi and what they would do to our clan (excuse me...coven) had potential, but it never got realized in the end.  The big showdown turned into nothing more then a chance for the vampires worldwide to come together and oohhh and aaahhh over a little mutant princess.  As someone else noted in their review, no one ended up sacrificing anything.  Jacob and his entire story arc were neatly dealt with by inserting a creepy plot twist with Renesmee.  Not one character died, mainly because the newest member of the coven - that's right - Mary-Sue/Bella - was able to protect all of them with a nifty little mind trick she learned in just a few days of practice!    I guess I'm just particularly disgusted with this final installment because 3/4's of the novel didn't ring true in relation with the other three in the series.  It almost felt like someone else had written this one, and all the fears, doubts, tensions and conflicts that made the first three so interesting was greatly lacking in this one.    And so, after rambling on far too long, I'd like to wrap up with this:  Meyer's books are still overall an engaging series, although in my opinion, Breaking Dawn drags the series down.  Like Jean Auel's Clan of the Cave Bear series, I think Meyer became too much in love with her characters and didn't want anything bad to happen to them, so she took the easy (and boring) route, and gave them all happy endings, to the detriment of the plot.
031606792X|5.0|This is a great book!!  The best of the 4 but #1 was also great!
0440241413|4.0|ANother recommendation, and right on the money (pun indeed intended). At first I thought I wouldn't be able to connect with the heroine, Becky, because she's just too flaky, but she sucked me in. The writing is fantastic, I read the book in one go. I had to find out that everthing would be alright, and now I can't wait fot the next installment of the series.  Kinsella is my new fav author!
031606792X|5.0|What is wrong with a happy ending?  So everything is tied up in a bow at the end, did you want some of the characters to die?  I loved it!  Great story, great end to a series.  I don't know about everyone else, but I felt warm and fuzzy after finishing the book and I am not complaining.
0143039431|4.0|The life lessons present in this book are invaluable.  I highly recommend reading it.
031606792X|3.0|First of all overall I though it was a good book. I wanted all the characters to be happy and well they all were happy in the end. But when you get down to the details of the book you see were Stephenie messed up a lot. I love my happy endings, I am a romantic sap, but even I found that it was too much of a happy ending, and she tied the lose ends in a rush. I understand that Jacob would forget all about his love for Bella after he imprints. But Bella said that she actually love Jake, romantically, and all of sudden she forgets about this love. It's kind of creepy how the guy the mom was in love with, then that guy falls in love with the woman's daughter. I'm happy that Bella matured in this book. I always thought she was kind of whiny. As for the fact that Bella got pregnent I didn't really mind. I thought Meyer should have put in a more plausible explanation as to how Bella got pregnent, because she said one thing in the first book and another thing in the last book. But having a child is a wonderful extension of a couple's love and I'm happy Bella and Edward got to experience that. The book however at times felt too rushed. Like everything had to be tied up without explanation. Or you had the other side where Meyer spends all this time leading up to this big Volturi fiasco/fight and then nothing happens. Pointless. And then she introduces all these new characters and forgets about everyone else. Renee is just kicked out of the picture. I mean honestly what kind of mom is going to believe her daughter has a deadly virus and four months later won't even come to visit, just because of a couple of reasurring phone calls from Bella. Especially seeing how connected Renee and Bella are. It's like all of a sudden they're strangers. And then Charlie accepts everything so passively its incredible. I am glad though that Charlie and Sue are getting together. Charlie didn't deserve to be alone. I was a little dissapointed because I thought Meyer had the potential for this amazing ending with this great story line, I felt that she could have done so much more. But I guess she always said that she was writing the story for herself. I was glad though that Bella got what she always wanted a family. She is in love and happy, and at the end of day that is all that matters.
B0010X745K|1.0|That this movie was made by the same guy who made Shawshank Redemption is absolutely astounding, and that this movie currently stands at 3 1/2 stars with the Amazon community is amazing to me. I can't help wondering if the positive reviews are referring to the book.    I've seen Scooby Doo episodes that were scarier and more dramatic.     I am usually open-minded and willing to accept some flaws if there is some payoff, however, this movie only has the flaws.     The characters were bland, and the \\"Christian\\" was so stereotyped and unreal, that by her third scene she was unwatchable. They overplayed this character big-time. Her rather large role in the movie actually wiped out what little excitement or tension or drama the movie had been able to develop. When her character was speaking, it was so unreal and annoying we were rolling our eyes and fast-forwarding through her scenes.     Yes I realize this is horror fiction and is therefore unbelievable, but that does not mean it has to be stupid. There have been plenty of good horror movies that had unrealistic subjects. For example, the Tom Cruise version of War of the Worlds is obviously not realistic, and it wasn't perfect, but it wasn't stupid. I never felt the overwhelming need to fast-forward.     The ending - salt in the wound.     Watch it if you want to, but do not expect to be scared, amused, or entertained in any way - just annoyed. Keep the DVD remote nearby - you'll need it.
B0016NF06O|5.0|From the category of \\"collaborations I would have never thought of\\" comes a gem of a CD from Willie Nelson and Wynton Marsalis.  However, Two Men With The Blues is going to appeal much more to the Willie Nelson fans out there.  It follows in the tradition of Nelson's 2000 release Milk Cow Blues.  In fact both CDs share the songs \\"Night Life\\" and \\"Ain't Nobody's Business\\".<br /><br />You might think that two legends on the same stage might not work, but these two are more than willing to share the stage not only with each other but also with the musicians such as long time Nelson harmonica player, Mickey Raphael.  The songs on the CD follow a blended format between traditional lyrical and jazz instrumental.  Interspersed among the verses and chorus on the songs are instrumental solos.  I was amazed at how comfortably Marsalis would solo only to hand off to Mickey for a romp on the harmonica.  The chemistry of the musicians was outstanding across the board.  Not to be lost in the instrumental greatness, Willie Nelson delivers at the top of his game as one would expect based on his body of work - especially over the last decade.<br /><br />The real question, though, is when you listen to the CD as a whole, is it greater than the sum of its parts?  Without a doubt, it is.  The lead off track \\"Bright Lights, Big City\\" is a great blues shuffle that highlights both lead musicians equally well.  Next comes a Nelson staple, \\"Night Life\\".  Longtime Nelson fans will enjoy yet another variation on this that is highlighted by Marsalis' trumpet lines that are so bluesy that they could only be described as raunchy.  Other standout songs include \\"Basin Street Blues\\" and \\"That's All\\", a number with rather playful lyrics that fit Willie Nelson's persona and delivery to a tee.<br /><br />All in all, this is a truly great CD that captures one of the many \\"once in a lifetime\\" moments of Willie Nelson's career.  If you enjoyed Milk Cow Blues, this is a must have.<br /><br />Download this:  Night Life
0563486430|2.0|I have only read 2 doctor who books from the tenth Doctor and this was rather slow and not many plot twists. the characters were flat. I think it was only my want for a new who story that kept me reading it. I hope the other who stories are better then this one....Yeah not buying the Doctor in a Toga either.
B001CZJKS0|3.0|This box set includes H1, H4, H5, H1 in blue ray, the 25th anniversary dvd and the H1 extended edition... well.. to be honest, I've bought all of these separetely and I am not thinking in buying them again !! I even have the Michael Myers mask that I bought at a local store and I don't need another one.<br /><br />I really think this is a very kinda lazy box set, I mean come on guys IT'S THE HALLOWEEN MOVIES 30TH ANNIVERSARY, anchor bay could've done something waaay better than this. Maybe they could've realesed the dvds that fans are waiting for, like the H6 producer's cut, or the H2 extended edition with the deleted tv scenes, they did that with H1 and it worked. Or maybe a box set with all the 8 halloween movies ! but nooo, only god knows when they are going to release those dvds.<br />Meanwhile I'm not planning to buy this box set at all...<br />Greetings.!
032147404X|5.0|have recently purchased an SLR Nikon camera.  love the thing but know that I am not using it to the full potential.<br />I am hoping this book is my aanswer to all my woes.<br />I have looked it over and it appears to be user friendly and that is always a help.<br />I am pleased with my choice.
031606792X|1.0|Breaking Dawn was a huge disappointment. Not only because of how characters totally were out of character, or because of how Stephenie Meyer herself broke her own rules about her vampires, but also because of the way it ended. Yes, it had a perfect happy ending. But it was too happy, too lovey-dovey. No one sacrificed anything. No one died except for a character that nobody cared about. And everyone got what they wanted without any effort. That's not plausible.    In conclusion, the entire book was so cloying, and everything was so perfect, with out-of-character characters, that Breaking Dawn ends up being unbelievable.
B000068QZK|4.0|Update- April 8th, 2013.<br /><br />Wow my previous review was complete garbage.  Let me make it better!<br /><br />No Rest For the Wicked is, in my opinion at least, a return to form as far as sheer aggression is concerned.  One of the heaviest albums Ozzy ever made (if we ignore Randy Rhoads brilliant guitar playing from Blizzard of Ozz and Diary of a Madman, that is).  Even better- the songwriting and vocal melodies are *incredibly* strong this time around, even though I actually enjoy Ozzy's vocal melodies from the Ultimate Sin exactly as much as the ones here and think that album is seriously underrated (just like No Rest for the Wicked is underrated these days, in fact).<br /><br />\\"Miracle Man\\" is one of the best songs Ozzy Osbourne ever made and... to my knowledge, doesn't get ANY radio exposure.  I've NEVER heard this song on the radio but given the memorable way Ozzy sings the line \\"He don't know where he's going, but we know just where he's been\\" is AMAZINGLY good.  Reminds me of the Never Say Die-era of Black Sabbath (which I consider a MAJOR compliment).  It deserves to be one of Ozzy's most beloved songs.  \\"Devil's Daugther (Holy War)\\" benefits by having an extremely good, chugging verse melody that's almost disco in nature, except the fact that, yes, it rocks *hard*.  It's probably an example of a song that reminds me of disco without actually BEING disco (just in case any heavy metal fans out there take exception to my disco similarity, haha).  \\"Crazy Babies\\" is HORRIBLE though.  I hate the chorus with a passion.  \\"CRAZY!!..... BABIES!!\\"  The sloppy/incomplete way it's written with a pause in between the two words nearly makes me vomit, haha.  Oh well, every artist is allowed one or two missteps.<br /><br />\\"Breaking All the Rules\\" features a strong vocal melody even though 5 minutes is sort of repetitive.  \\"Bloodbath In Paradise\\" is placed in the same category as \\"Miracle Man\\" for me.  Two songs that SHOULD be extremely popular and widely consideredon the same level as \\"Crazy Train\\" but, for whatever reason, it never turned out that way.  A real bummer.  Any Ozzy Osbourne fan will LOVE \\"Bloodbath In Paradise\\".  Oh but what's next?  The best song ever!  \\"Fire In the Sky\\" is probably my personal favorite Ozzy Osbourne song.  What more can be said about it?  Ozzy's practically pouring every emotion he has into the line \\"Fire in the sky, won't you help me now my castles are burning\\".  And Zakk's guitar playing (especially his solo?) Simply FANTASTIC!  \\"Tattoed Dancer\\" and Demon Alcohol\\" continue with the memorable singalong verse melodies and choruses that make them quite underrated since they appear to be somewhat forgotten, and I suppose \\"Hero\\" is a decent song but not one of my favorites.  A MUST own and NOW my review feels complete, haha.  Sorry for the terrible review 5 years ago- an album this good deserves more respect.
031606792X|2.0|I loved the first three books SO MUCH! They really brought back the love of reading. I listened to all three books on CD just a few weeks ago so I could have every detail fresh for Breaking Dawn. I thought it started off well enough. I like that they finally hooked up. Everything after her getting pregnant was just so lame. It all seemed to be too perfect and lovey dovey. I also loved Jacob's Character up until he imprinted on the baby. It seemed almost creepy. I also thought the story about the Voltari was sort of anti-climatic. I was there would be a fight similar to the one in Eclipse.   Did it seem like her writing style changed in this book to anyone else? It was almost immature, like she slapped it together at the last minute. I realize the book is for young adults, but come on!    Overall I was disappointed and the series ended with Eclipse for me.
031606792X|5.0|I like everyone on here has become obessed with this saga over the last six months i read the first book when i first saw a preview for it in the movies and folowed with the second and third in the same week and than had to wait 4 long months for the 4th book to come out. I bought it at midnight and was done the next day at midnight. While reading the book i wuold laugh at some of the sillyness of it the impriting in particular, however as i read it i understood where she was coming from and remember an interview with stephanie had had saying she liked happy endings, I like everyone else wanted bella to become a vampiire not because thats what she wanted but because she belonged with edward. and im glad she threw jacob into she made bella relize that edward was it for her. Yes everyone gets there happy ending and yes it pissed some people off but whats wrong with people having a happy ending. In one of the last scenes in the book where shes about to give nessie to jacob to save her i started to cry and i relized that this was a very well written book and im glad she got everything she wanted im glad she had a family and everyone ended happy, i came to love these charecters and if they were mine i would have wanted nothing but happy endings for them!
031606792X|4.0|Honestly, with as much backlash as the book has gotten, I'm not surprised that it has received bad reviews.  Mrs. Meyer stated that she had this planned out since the beginning, before New Moon and Eclipse.  It was ALWAYS MEANT TO HAPPEN.<br /><br />Not to negate the fact that the plot is wierd, to say the least.  I understand how such a dramatic difference could make even the most dedicated fan scream.  I admit I even threw the book down and stopped (momentarily) to contemplate the plot lines by chapter four.<br /><br />In retrospect, however, this was Bella's ending.  We can't relate to her anymore because she is different now.  She's grown up and matured, no more whiny Bella here.<br /><br />The reactions in the book to various plot points were EXACTLY as I would have imagined it.  She's done her homework for trying to make a plot feasible with this.  She wanted the happily-ever-after ending, just like we wished.  It just came at a different pace and in a long, round-about way.<br /><br />I respect her and applaud her for writing a book for her.  Not because she needed reviews or the fame (neither which is her problem), but because she wanted to invoke a little of herself into this character one last time.  Bella's transformation as a person is amazing and so much more different.  We don't understand fully the changes in her, but we can see them and should appreciate this for what it is.<br /><br />I personally loved the book.  It was the right ending for her story, the closure necessary for the series.  Any other books that may come out as result of this will be completely different. Hint to Midnight Sun, people.<br /><br />So, in my opinion, this book was shocking, yet had the closure I needed to see in Bella's story.  Everyone had their respectable ending and that, my friends, is good enough for me.
031606792X|5.0|Quite a satisfying end to the Twilight Saga. She tied up the loose ends, went more in-depth with mysterious characters, and had a climax at every turn.     So what if it wasn't probable? It's a VAMPIRE book. It's not exactly non-fiction. Who wants to read a book about deep love that has a sad ending? Stephenie Meyer ended it the way she wanted to and that's good enough for me.     Reading the books, I grew to love the characters, even the Volturi. A lot of ending books are just happy conclusions, but this had conflict. Many of them. It kept you on the edge of your seat and feeling all warm and fuzzy inside about Edward and Bella.     Stephenie, congratulations. You made me into an even stronger fanpire then I was before.
031606792X|4.0|Some people seem to have pretty odd expectations from teen fantasy fiction. Sure there were some unexpected turns to this book but it is what it is an entertaining fantasy fiction novel.  With only one book left to give Bella the ending she wanted to give her the author did a great job.  These books are not guides to life they are entertainment with the bonus of good values and people who are so disappointed need to take a step back and think about what they are reviewing.
031606792X|2.0|2008-08-07
B00177Y9ZC|4.0|I can only imagine the fantasies of people when they can possess the ability to go anywhere, get anything, do anything and eventually be anything they want to be. Such is the power of Teleportation, the theme of Jumper. The movie has a somewhat slow start but once things are in place there's no looking back. Hayden Christens with his piercing gaze  does a good job. But his jumper partner, with the Irish accent was both sick and snobbish. Although the movie does not explicitly reveal it Hayden does have a strong connection  with his father at home and his mother who had abandoned him long ago. When he enquires about the same of his jumper partner (the guy with the accent) check out the answer the latter gives. Only a heartless snob would reply like that. Rachel Bilser was sweet and charming. Samuel L Jackson adds sparkle. One scene, the killing of a Jumper was brutal.     4 stars for all the excitement.
B0001XALTG|4.0|i wasn't old enough to know this existed when it came out, but after hearing some good things about it i gave it a shot, and it was a pretty good film. i can see how it could have a cultish affect on people, it's one of those films.<br /><br />it's about this guy who's a heroine addict and how he struggles with his addiction, but it isn't a depressing movie. it can be kind of funny, a sick kind of funny. it isn't a movie about how drugs are bad and how they can destroy your family and mess up your life, just about how they can mess up your life. and this is passed off as both something to pity and something to laugh at... but it is also not a light hearted movie fluffing off the issue. it is a raw look at the life of a guy who goes in and out of heroine addictions.. but doesn't really care. in his eyes it's just another aspect of his life at the moment. worth the watch.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|it was lovely to see this classic once again, and the video/sound quality are very good! I prefer the original version with the sligltly faded colours as they seem more real... you feel like you're looking at a piece of history...and you are!
B0010X745K|2.0|I thought 90% of the movie was excellent and hewed very closely to Stephen King's novella about a military experiment gone bad. I was all set to give it four stars. And then...there was that ending. I was very disappointed by the disturbing final scene of the movie, which, I believe, was gratuitously unnecessary. It changed a story that had an open-ended yet hopeful ending to a big screen episode of the Twilight Zone. While Rod Serling is one of my favorite writers, this film's ending did not jibe with what came before it. What was the rush? There were no monsters near by and, had they waited, the soldiers may have appeared and saved them all. It seems to make the film a vindication of Mrs. Carmody and gives credence to her religious rants. Should Frank Darabont decide to re-release this film at some future time with an ending more in tune with the novella, I believe it I would rate it a four star film.
B00003CX9W|4.0|very satisfied with this purchase; I guess that if you pay a few extra $ you can probably get a better package (if you really want to), but apart from that everything is good in terms of quality of video/sound.
0446402389|5.0|First book in quite a while that was both sit-on-the-edge-of-your-chair exciting and had an interesting story and characters as well. I found it very realistic except for one unbelievable detail that I'm going to overlook in my rating because I still enjoyed this read a lot. Quite unpredictable and surprising from cover to cover. The stories of people in 1950's Russia under Stalin's rule were fascinating: struggling to survive extreme poverty and hardships, the power, control, and manipulation of the police state, the pervasive mistrust, suspicion, and paranoia permeating every aspect of daily life from highest politician to lowliest peasant, all woven around the central plot of a serial killer. For me, A Complete Treat.
031606792X|5.0|I'm not one to review a lot of books on here but I had to review because the top reviews on here are so negative, and I wanted to present a positive opinion. I jumped on this series' bandwagon relatively recently, but I was immediately a fan, telling friends/family about the series.     This book really stays true to the rest of the series, I think, which is what I was hoping it would. I was worried how the Jacob/Bella/Edward triangle would resolve itself, and yet at the end of this book I was very satisfied. Several of the characters, especially Bella, come a long way both physically and emotionally.     I think this book will please fans of the series because there's tons of fabulous Edward/Bella scenes, as well as more insight into the Cullens!
