B000Q6GUW0|5.0|If you haven't seen Dexter, he will hook you and drag you into his world..then it's too late..You won't be able to get enough.  You will have to wait for every week and month to pass, until Showtime brings you the next season......luckily for you 'virgins' ..there is a season 2 already finished and ready to be out on DVD soon..for US poor veterans, all we can do is WAIT!!
B000YXMMAE|5.0|This album is amazing. If you are new to Radiohead I recommend you to start with OK Computer, then maybe move up to Kid A and then get this baby because this band whenever they touch an instrument they create beautiful music as if it was an act of magic. Get this and get yourself in the world of Radiohead!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This is an excellent film for exploring the many natural wonders of our planet.  The cinematography is excellent--especially on an HDTV.  My children are transfixed by the program and love to watch it again and again.    When I purchased this, I didn't notice I was buying the BBC version of the program; however, I am glad I did--I prefer the British narrorator to Sigorney Weaver.
B000I2JKCO|1.0|In this ever-changing high tech world, I have fallen prey to ignorance. We had just purchased an HD plasma TV and could not wait to view this wonderful movie in HD. What no one told us was the DVD player had to be HD also. And the battle between HD and Blu-ray dvd is not over -who knows which will win??? Meanwhile, we own a dvd we can not view!
B000AQJPQE|5.0|My son received this for Christmas and it really is awesome.  The planets are proportionately sized and in order from the Sun out.  The 15 minute video that accompanies the mobile is also great, very educational without too much extra information.  My son has learned a lot and at 5 can tell you some fact about each planet, their sizes from smallest to largest and in what order they fall from the Sun - all from this toy! I'm not sure there is a better way to learn while playing with respect to planets for little ones.
B000VR824S|5.0|This is 4 and a half hours of smokin' guitar.This is a must have .
B00005JLKB|5.0|It's great to see it from the START again everyone is so young.I must admit I miss Jonathan Kent...
B000P12LWY|5.0|Let me begin by saying that this is not very strict history of the start of the Protestant Reformation of the Kingdom of England. But it is not a costume show either. What you get is a 1st rate entertainment that the Brits do so well. If you want a form of an English Sopranos and some good escapism then here you go.
B0002VEPRQ|5.0|Every child should see this movie.  The songs are wonderful and fun to sing with your child.
B000WCDI5K|3.0|This is an OK album but it is no way close to Sam's Town.  Just remember that these are B-sides.  You can actually hear other songs in some of these songs.  It is cool to hear their experimentation with sound.
B000AMJG4Y|5.0|This is an excellent movie. its a direct continuation of the Final Fantasy VII story. It is set 2 years after the end of the game. The filmmakers made sure to include all the main characters of the video game, and introduce new characters well.     The special features are cool. There is a nice behind the scenes look at the film making process. They also include the trailers that were shown at the Venice Film Festival. Plus, there are previews of Final Fantasy VII games.    This movie is a must have for any FF7 fan. If you loved the game, you will love the movie. If you didn't play the game, you will still love the movie.
B000YA9R3C|1.0|What a disappointment.<br /><br />I bought into the carefully manipulated hype.  But you don't have to.<br /><br />Daniel Day-Lewis does a great John Huston impersonation (a la Noah Cross in \\"Chinatown') and the clever vintage production design by Jack Fisk is outstanding.  But the story, very loosely \\"inspired\\" by Upton Sinclair's \\"Oil!\\" is totally devoid of redeeming elements.  The main character starts out bad and stays bad: a greed-driven psychopath.  We get no insight whatsoever.  And the only rootable character is mostly mute.<br /><br />The first half of the movie is a great set-up for a terrific story.  But plot-wise, nothing new happens after that.  No twists or surprises or character development or complications or payoffs or revelations or redemption.  None of the things that make a story a story.<br /><br />At the end of the movie I was angry at not being entertained or enlightened to say nothing of losing two hours and 28 minutes of my life.<br /><br />It is incredible that critics can write words that -- even in out-of-context excerpts -- praise this movie.  Why are people so intimidated by a few critics superficial praise that they can't think for themselves even when in their hearts they know otherwise?<br /><br />This movie is not in the same league as \\"No Country For Old Men\\" even though both have a psychopath as a main character.<br /><br />And what did the way-over-the-top ridiculous ending have to do with the story (such as it was)?<br /><br />Even if you have nothing to do and can see if for free, I wouldn't recommend it.
B000YXMMAE|5.0|In essence, In Rainbows summarizes and brings together everything Radiohead has done musically.  It is a simple album, not as ambitious as OK Computer, nor as shockingly different as Kid A, but a mellow sort-of trip through life.  15 Step may represent childhood, with its cheerful guitar riffs, playground-ish feel, and jumpy beats.  It sounds like Kid A more than anything, but is a newer-sounding track than most on the album.  Bodysnatchers is the teen years.  A rebellious sound with irresistable OD guitar riffs, and lyrics full of angst.  This sounds like a combination of The Bends and OK Computer.  You get the idea.  Every song is worth listening to, but I especially like Weird Fishes, Reckoner, and Jigsaw Falling Into Place.  Radiohead has drawn from all of its past works, all wonderful and drastically different from one another, and have perfectly and carefully crafted an album that is perfect for the newcomer and the longtime fan alike.  The best part about this album is not the band's innovative pay-what-you-want motive, but that it can be a very successful and an exceptional album at the same time, in a music world where each top song has a Parental Advisory label slapped on it.  That's not music.  This is music.
B00006CXSS|5.0|I originally viewed this series when it first aired on HBO a few years back and thought it was just brilliant. My father was a history buff and I guess it passed on to me. From the opening to closing scenes, and all the personal interviews with the real soldiers depicted in the show, I was drawn in.
B000EWBKM6|5.0|Product  Came on time in Very Good Condiction, I Would buy again Thank you
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This is a fantastic collection of dvd's. I've watched them several times and will watch them again in the future. This is a classic! Recommended.
0385486804|5.0|Krakauer pieces together the story of Chris McCandless, who after graduating from college at Emory University in Atlanta donates his money to charity, forgoes contact with his family the the suburbs of northern Virginia and heads West presumably to find himself.  Krakauer first published an article in Outside magazine about McCandless and then decided to write a book to better understand McCandless, the reasons he may have chosen the path he did and the decisions that ultimately proved fatal.<br /><br />In any story where you know the outcome, the key challenge is to create enough drama and intrigue to keep the reader engaged.  Krakauer does a superb job of this through all his research, tracking down people that McCandless encountered on his nomadic journey.  We realize that McCandless was not crazy or a troubled young man.  This by no means suggests he was some tragic figure, looking to be one or should get our sympathy as one.  He felt like he could find something deeper and more meaningful from life and about himself by living in the wild.  Krakauer relates stories similar to McCandless of others search for themselves and their fatal or near fatal experiences.  Of these, his own most closely parallels that of McCandless when in his early 20s he attempted to climb a remote mountain in the Alaskan range.<br /><br />Was he naive?  Certainly.  This is clear in his lack of preparation for living in the wild -- minimal supplies, a ten pound bag of rice, etc.  Did he have a death wish?  After reading Krakauer's account, it is unlikely.  Like many young people that feel a sense of invincibility, McCandless was no different.  Ultimately, Krakauer leaves us pondering a timeless question:  Why would anyone with their whole life and a bright future in front of them do things they know would jeopardize their existence.  Maybe McCandless's story inspires such passion, since in a modern world, it is harder for people to understand why someone would choose his path.
B000UO338W|5.0|I've been a Ministry fan since almost the begining-1989's \\"The Mind Is A Terrible Thing To Taste\\", which I found by accident while joining a CD/Book Club.  I was so impressed by the intense double-base-times-ten beats with perfect decidedly placed appropriate samples, that I became an instant fan.  After that, I kept my ears open for more Ministresque industrial-thrash sounds.  I also developed friends along the way who introduced me to others including: KMFDM, Front 242 and Skinny Puppy.  In my opinion, Al Jourgensen and Co. are the Masters of Sampling and pioneers of industrial metal.  Without Ministry, there would be no Rob or White Zombie, Nine Inch Nails or Static-X.  I was ridiculed in the past for being a Ministry fan because they were always ahead of their time and going against the grain of modern metal--no one understood.  My personal favorite album like many other Ministry fans is 1992's Psalm 69--I remember copies of the \\"Jesus Built My Hotrod\\" single floating around the undergrond industrial/thrash/metal scene of my high school before \\"Psalm 69\\" was ever released.  My all-time personal favorite single is: \\"Dead Guy\\" from Filth Pig, followed by \\"Gangreen\\" from Rio Grande Blood and \\"The Dick Song\\" off of the album in question (The Last Sucker).       If this is indeed Ministry's final studio offering, I'm extremely proud of what they have produced.  What I've enjoyed from Ministry over the years is the samples and how they are placed.  The last couple of albums I've been slightly disappointed with, even though the songs were good.       As for \\"The Last Sucker\\", I'm blown away by not only the samples but, how they are perfectly placed within the songs.  I could not think of any better song to start the album off with other than: \\"Let's Go\\", which has a repeatative sample revealing what is yet to come if you listen to the remainder of the CD--\\"...the tides are risin' and the sea is comin'in!  A storm's a brewin'!\\"  The album continues on with the politically charged single: \\"Watch Yourself\\" with another amazing sample to introduce the song.  \\"The Dick Song\\" not only is amusing but, relives the true tale of Vice President Dick Chaney's hunting accident, including samples from the media release and of Mr. Chaney himself.  The title track, \\"The Last Sucker\\" is a nice surprise rhythmically speaking as well as: \\"Die In A Crash\\" that is reminiscent of \\"The Land Of Rape And Honey\\" days.  Speaking of days, the final opus: \\"End of Days (Pt. 1 and 2) is the perfect way to end a final Ministry release, especially with Part 2 containing the longest and most fitting sample.  The cover artwork with removeable Serpent-Bush motion graphic is a nice aesthetic touch as you open the CD.       If we are not to hear from Ministry again, some things that I would like them to be remembered for but, not limited to are:     -Industrial sampling pioneers  -Most respected-in-your-face live band  and politically influential    Hope to see Ministry performing intermittently from here on out even though no new albums exist.  Peace and sampling live on!
0449911357|3.0|It's a good book, don't get me wrong, but the use of the N word is a turn off. Even a nice little old lady was throwing it around. It's irksome as a black woman to read a book of white characters, most of them good guys using a word like that. Yes, it was the past, and prehaps people used it like it was your name. And I went to school where it was n word this and n word that, but still, it's distracting.  In some ways the movie is a bit better. That is a rariety. Perhaps because they don't say the N word constantly. The best thing about the book is the romance between Idgy and Ruth. The bee taming scene, and the main character evolving into a strong woman, but I must say it was done better in the movie than in the book. Perhaps because you have to have that whole empowered middle age woman thing to appeal to a broad audience of women.  You've got to love the characters and how they interact except for one, but does the dark skin boy have to be bad and the light skinned boy evil? The small hint of racism really brings down the quality of this otherwise good book which also has some mouth watering food.
B000MTPANQ|5.0|Simply outstanding. This is Neil as he should be heard, pure and simple. It sent chills down my spine to hear all these classics played in their infancy. This is a must have for the true Neil Young fan.
B000WZAE1I|5.0|This is a somewhat paradoxical review. On the one hand I give it five stars, which is easy considering how much I enjoyed it. On the other hand, I was continually perplexed about minor (and some major) deviations from the extraordinary Neil Gaiman book. (And let me digress for a second to say if you loved the movie but haven't read the book, the true thrill is yet to come -- I think Gaiman's book is arguably the best modern fairy story that has been written.) Any screenplay of necessity will depart some from the original novel. For one thing, a movie simply cannot express the rich detail that a novel can. For another, what works on the page doesn't always translate to the screen (a prime example is THE LION, THE WITCH, AND THE WARDROBE, which contained almost none of the magic that made the book so marvelous). I don't begrudge the screenwriters eliminating much of the book's detail. I'm simply perplexed why they changed things when there was no need to. Also, why they merely gesture at some of the most important things in the story. For instance, we learn that Tristan has the unusual gift of always knowing where he needs to go regardless of where he is. This is brought up once or twice in the movie, but in such a casual way that it can be missed by those unfamiliar with the book.<br /><br />Still, while the movie departs from the book in unnecessary and not always successful ways, it nonetheless manages to be delightful on its own terms throughout. It never looks anything less than completely magical. Most of the characters are marvelously realized (with some minor caveats to be noted below). There are some really nice touches. And it never ceases to be completely engaging. I enjoyed the film from beginning to end, even while regretting some minor decisions throughout. For instance, I loved the touch in the novel that Yvain never completely recovers from her broken leg, but instead walks with a slight limp for the rest of her life. In the film Yvain heals completely before the halfway point in the film. And I lamented the loss of some supporting characters, such as the dwarf who accompanies Tristan early on in his trip outside Wall. I felt he was so much more important than the character who in the movie became Captain Shakespeare (my least favorite character in the film). I was, however, able to accept the very different ending to the movie. The ending of the novel was one of those cases where it was so much more literary and wouldn't have translated well to the screen.<br /><br />Michelle Pfeiffer has been praised for her performance as the witch Lamia, and rightly so. Most of the supporting performers were very good. As a huge fan of THE OFFICE (both BBC and NBC) I got a huge kick out of Ricky Gervais essentially playing David Brent in historical costume. I was also bothered by a couple of performers. Charlie Cox did not tremendously impress me in the lead role as Tristan. In the novel Tristan is transformed from a mild, timid lad into someone fairly heroic. I never got the sense from Cox that that transformation had occurred. I also wasn't completely thrilled by Claire Danes as Yvain. I think she is very talented and quite beautiful, but I just don't think she had sufficiently delicate features for this role. Sarah Michelle Gellar was originally offered the role and I think she would have been perfect. In fact, if you look at the illustrated version of Gaiman's novel, Yvain there bears a striking resemblance to SMG. My understanding is that Sarah and her terrifically untalented husband have an understanding that each can take only one project a year that takes them out of LA, so that over the course of a year they are not apart from one another. Personally, I think Freddie should have given up his project to allow Sarah an extra one. Either that or she chose the wrong project to be away on. Since BUFFY her career has been in the dumps, but in this she would have been absolutely perfect, a role tailored for her. And I thinkSarah Michelle Gellar would have brought a delicacy to the role that Danes did not.<br /><br />Despite my misgivings, this is one of the best fantasy films of recent years, which is saying quite a bit since we have had an unusually fine group of fantasy films of late. Much of the credit has to go to director Matthew Vaughan, who previously had stylishly directed the very, very different LAYER CAKE. I thoroughly recommend this to anyone who enjoys film fantasy. But even more enthusiastically I recommend any fan of the movie to go on to read the Neil Gaiman novel as well. I honestly believe that Neil Gaiman is one of the great storytellers of his generation. He is only 47, yet he has already built of a body of work that surpasses most other top writers both in quantity and quality. He is rightly celebrated for his astonishing series of SANDMAN graphic novels, but he has also written some superb novels, stories, and tales. Reading STARDUST would be an excellent introduction to his spectacular body of work.e Gellar would have brought a delicacy to the role that Danes did not.     Despite my misgivings, this is one of the best fantasy films of recent years, which is saying quite a bit since we have had an unusually fine group of fantasy films of late. Much of the credit has to go to director Matthew Vaughan, who previously had stylishly directed the very, very different LAYER CAKE. I thoroughly recommend this to anyone who enjoys film fantasy. But even more enthusiastically I recommend any fan of the movie to go on to read the Neil Gaiman novel as well. I honestly believe that Neil Gaiman is one of the great storytellers of his generation. He is only 47, yet he has already built of a body of work that surpasses most other top writers both in quantity and quality. He is rightly celebrated for his astonishing series of SANDMAN graphic novels, but he has also written some superb novels, stories, and tales. Reading STARDUST would be an excellent introduction to his spectacular body of work.
B000UX6THK|5.0|When this show was running on TV I was oblivious to it. Never really watched in on TV. It wasn't until after I got married that my wife told me what an enjoyable series it was. I bode my time and waited with that advice in mind and bought her this box set for Christmas. We sat down to watch later that day.<br /><br />The presentation of the product itself is pretty neat. It's a lot more accessible than most box sets containing a similar number of discs. It's like a little plastic book, each disk securely protected on it's own \\"page\\".<br /><br />As for content, there is plenty. Not only are all original 27 episodes present, but the pilot episode is as well. There is an optional introduction for each episode and the pilot by the Log Lady. Though, on those intros the audio level is somewhat low, causing you to have to crank the volume for a brief moment or two.<br /><br />Whatever remastering they did was done well. The show looks clean and crisp visually, seemingly having no problems in the digital transfer.<br /><br />Everything but \\"Fire Walk With Me\\" is here. The entire series, front to back. A must-have for any Twin Peaks fan, and a great way for someone unfamiliar with the series to dive right in head-first.
B000WZAE0Y|5.0|This is a somewhat paradoxical review. On the one hand I give it five stars, which is easy considering how much I enjoyed it. On the other hand, I was continually perplexed about minor (and some major) deviations from the extraordinary Neil Gaiman book. (And let me digress for a second to say if you loved the movie but haven't read the book, the true thrill is yet to come -- I think Gaiman's book is arguably the best modern fairy story that has been written.) Any screenplay of necessity will depart some from the original novel. For one thing, a movie simply cannot express the rich detail that a novel can. For another, what works on the page doesn't always translate to the screen (a prime example is THE LION, THE WITCH, AND THE WARDROBE, which contained almost none of the magic that made the book so marvelous). I don't begrudge the screenwriters eliminating much of the book's detail. I'm simply perplexed why they changed things when there was no need to. Also, why they merely gesture at some of the most important things in the story. For instance, we learn that Tristan has the unusual gift of always knowing where he needs to go regardless of where he is. This is brought up once or twice in the movie, but in such a casual way that it can be missed by those unfamiliar with the book.<br /><br />Still, while the movie departs from the book in unnecessary and not always successful ways, it nonetheless manages to be delightful on its own terms throughout. It never looks anything less than completely magical. Most of the characters are marvelously realized (with some minor caveats to be noted below). There are some really nice touches. And it never ceases to be completely engaging. I enjoyed the film from beginning to end, even while regretting some minor decisions throughout. For instance, I loved the touch in the novel that Yvain never completely recovers from her broken leg, but instead walks with a slight limp for the rest of her life. In the film Yvain heals completely before the halfway point in the film. And I lamented the loss of some supporting characters, such as the dwarf who accompanies Tristan early on in his trip outside Wall. I felt he was so much more important than the character who in the movie became Captain Shakespeare (my least favorite character in the film). I was, however, able to accept the very different ending to the movie. The ending of the novel was one of those cases where it was so much more literary and wouldn't have translated well to the screen.<br /><br />Michelle Pfeiffer has been praised for her performance as the witch Lamia, and rightly so. Most of the supporting performers were very good. As a huge fan of THE OFFICE (both BBC and NBC) I got a huge kick out of Ricky Gervais essentially playing David Brent in historical costume. I was also bothered by a couple of performers. Charlie Cox did not tremendously impress me in the lead role as Tristan. In the novel Tristan is transformed from a mild, timid lad into someone fairly heroic. I never got the sense from Cox that that transformation had occurred. I also wasn't completely thrilled by Claire Danes as Yvain. I think she is very talented and quite beautiful, but I just don't think she had sufficiently delicate features for this role. Sarah Michelle Gellar was originally offered the role and I think she would have been perfect. In fact, if you look at the illustrated version of Gaiman's novel, Yvain there bears a striking resemblance to SMG. My understanding is that Sarah and her terrifically untalented husband have an understanding that each can take only one project a year that takes them out of LA, so that over the course of a year they are not apart from one another. Personally, I think Freddie should have given up his project to allow Sarah an extra one. Either that or she chose the wrong project to be away on. Since BUFFY her career has been in the dumps, but in this she would have been absolutely perfect, a role tailored for her. And I thinkSarah Michelle Gellar would have brought a delicacy to the role that Danes did not.<br /><br />Despite my misgivings, this is one of the best fantasy films of recent years, which is saying quite a bit since we have had an unusually fine group of fantasy films of late. Much of the credit has to go to director Matthew Vaughan, who previously had stylishly directed the very, very different LAYER CAKE. I thoroughly recommend this to anyone who enjoys film fantasy. But even more enthusiastically I recommend any fan of the movie to go on to read the Neil Gaiman novel as well. I honestly believe that Neil Gaiman is one of the great storytellers of his generation. He is only 47, yet he has already built of a body of work that surpasses most other top writers both in quantity and quality. He is rightly celebrated for his astonishing series of SANDMAN graphic novels, but he has also written some superb novels, stories, and tales. Reading STARDUST would be an excellent introduction to his spectacular body of work.e Gellar would have brought a delicacy to the role that Danes did not.     Despite my misgivings, this is one of the best fantasy films of recent years, which is saying quite a bit since we have had an unusually fine group of fantasy films of late. Much of the credit has to go to director Matthew Vaughan, who previously had stylishly directed the very, very different LAYER CAKE. I thoroughly recommend this to anyone who enjoys film fantasy. But even more enthusiastically I recommend any fan of the movie to go on to read the Neil Gaiman novel as well. I honestly believe that Neil Gaiman is one of the great storytellers of his generation. He is only 47, yet he has already built of a body of work that surpasses most other top writers both in quantity and quality. He is rightly celebrated for his astonishing series of SANDMAN graphic novels, but he has also written some superb novels, stories, and tales. Reading STARDUST would be an excellent introduction to his spectacular body of work.
B000VWYJ86|5.0|I'll bet Jason Bourne has Sean Connery drooling.  And this blows away all the other 'triquels' on the map.  The handheld camera puts you right on the spot and the nonstop action keeps you riveted there.  Forget the popcorn, you'll want a rare piece of porterhouse with his flik.  Truly a \\"Must See\\".
B00000JR2A|5.0|It was 1989, and I guess most of the thinking musicians were fed up with operatic sequencers and sunny shiny pop fodder of the second leg of that decade.    The Seeds of Love definitely represents those early turning points when musicians were yearning for that 1960s organic feeling - something that the music press & critics of the late 1980s were yet to digest until alternative rock came along in 1991, and retro was back in. The fate of SOL, though commercially still successful, was akin to Simple Minds' Street Fighting Years. Music critics panned it, and labelled such works as 'pretentious', 'over-produced'. You name it.    The songs on SOL are comparably less concise than TFF's  two previous brilliant outings, and it demonstrates another musical leap forward. Though I personally like all TFF albums, SOL is the one I always come back to listening.    Sowing the Seeds of Love:   this song attempts to condense everything 1967 into one pop song - call it a rewritten version of 'I am the Walrus' / 'Penny Lane' / 'Hello Goodbye' all meshed together into one. Despite the catchy chorus that everyone remembers well, it's surprisingly the verses, the interludes and the popping musical details that makes this song even more interesting. Orchestral crescendos, leaping vocoder passages, leslie'd hammond organs. It's over-produced pop at its very best.
075640407X|5.0|The first 60 pages or so took me a while to get into the story.  Soon after, I quickly became completely engrossed, putting my life on hold until I was finished. I thoroughly enjoyed this book and look forward to reading the rest of the trilogy. Great characters and turn of events.  I was so spell bound I didn't take notice of the common plot devices/themes that negative reviewers have complained about.  They say there's no such thing as an original story and hasn't been for about a century or two, so it's all about how an author puts it together; Rothfuss has wound quite a wonderful yarn.  Highly recommended for readers who want a deep and satisfying story.  (Remember that is the first of a trilogy!)
B000R5N1MC|5.0|I really could not believe it, when I watched the first 20 minutes of the film - the best HD transfer ever. The picture quality beats IMO 'The Matrix collection' and '2001' which means something.  The effect scenes were digitized, using 8k instead of 4k and man, you can see this. Remember the huge high-rise buidlings the cars are flying by? I thought that the space ships and the moon surface in '2001' was detailed. Please watch this, you haven't seen this kind of detail before. This is really breathtaking. Every detail from close to far away is in focus and landing the police car on top of the Tyrell building has never been sharper.  The exhaust flames shown over the Los Angeles of 2019 look like 3D.  This is the best film transfer I have ever seen pressed on an optical disk!  I was not disappointed from the content of the box. Very nice prints, a changing film piece, you can put on your desk, as well as a well made police car and the origami figure.  As a fan of the movie, it is worth for me every dollar I spent for it. I am proud to possess this set.  Highly recommended for the fans but for somebody who just want to watch the movie again, the normal single disk HD version might do.
B000P12LWY|3.0|This series is entertainment, not history. If it were history, it would be on the History Channel, not Showtime. In a way it is almost an alternative history of the period. Henry was only a few years younger than Katherine of Aragon, the latter not as attractive in her later years as is Maria Doyle Kennedy, who portrays her in this series. The most glaring error is the combining of Henry's two sisters (Margaret and Mary) into one sister, called Margaret. The real Margaret married the king of Scotland and was the grandmother of Mary, Queen of Scots, while it was Henry's younger sister Mary who wed Charles Brandon, and had children by  him, after first being married to Louis XII (no evidence that she killed him, either). Time compression is not a real concern for me, as it sometimes happens in the best of historical novels, although it is usually acknowledged by the author. The producers should have at least shown a disclaimer as to the historical accuracy. Sam O'Neill is excellent as Wolsey and the members of the supporting cast in general give outstanding performances.
B000Q9IZ5C|4.0|Serenity is, quite simply, one of the best sci-fi movies I've had the pleasure of seeing. The characters and their interactions are somehow witty and realistic at the same time, and the writing and directing is top-notch. I therefore purchased the (original edition) DVD the week it came out. If you don't own this movie, I recommend it highly, and would suggest getting this edition; it costs less (as of now) and has more special features.<br /><br />If you already own that DVD, however, this new 'collector's edition' isn't really worth upgrading to. The additional features are nice, but nothing mindblowing. If you're a die-hard fan who insists on having both copies, try to find this one at a decent price.
B000Y7U98C|4.0|The director of this film, Danny Boyle, is no believer in technological progress. Indeed, the film concerns an ever increasing series of technological disasters and systems failures that grow more urgent as the plot unfolds, each disaster giving rise to the next like a series of Russian dolls placed one inside the other. On the ship's mission to deliver a payload that will reignite a dying sun, anything that can go wrong does go wrong. Boyle does not leave us with any feeling that our technologies will save us, despite the film's Pyrrhic victory at the end.<br /><br />The film is, in many ways, one giant visual quotation of the original 1979 movie Alien, sprinkled with liberal references to 2001: A Space Odyssey. But it is not as good as either of those films, and that fact itself seems to give a weird weight to Boyle's general overview regarding technological decline: things get worse as they go along, Boyle seems to be saying, just as our society is gradually losing control of the very mechanical-electric systems that it has erected with which to create a cocoon protecting itself from a violent and unpredictable natural order. The genre of cinema, having peaked during the 1970s and 80s, is slowly spiralling down into incompetence and a gradual diminution of vision. When the plot of Sunshine is compared, for example, with the plots of its two progenitors, Alien and 2001, there does seem to be a curious loss of the scope of cinematic imagination and vision. What Sunshine sets out to achieve is on nowhere near the scale of those two films, concerned as they were with the destiny of the human race (2001) and the breakdown of our cultural, psychological and biological immune systems (Alien).  Sunshine's themes are nowhere near as grand, for they set out merely to tell us a story about how our civilization is failing to match up to the challenges presented to it by an environment that is becoming, with tsunamis, hurricanes, floods and Perfect Storms, a gigantic series of disasters. The coming water shortages of the Southwest and the future meltdowns of our nuclear reactors will be gigantic events involving the displacement of huge populations with the creation of mass refugees fleeing, like the exiles of New Orleans, to all the cities around them for cover.<br /><br />Indeed, the twentieth century has featured the greatest series of disasters in the entire history of humanity, one upon another, starting with the sinking of the Titanic in 1912, right down through the Great War, the Hindenburg, World War II, Hiroshima, Apollo 13, the space shuttles, Chernobyl and 9/11. These disasters were all by-products of the ever increasing scale and gigantism of our technological systems, and they would never have happened without them. The horrors of the twenty-first century are waiting to unfold before us, and Sunshine provides us with a glimpse into what lies ahead.<br /><br />Just wait until we attempt those manned missions to Mars, in which human beings are expected to remain in claustrophobic environments, cut off from the earth and its natural biorhythms for nearly two years. Experiments conducted on our own planet as attempts to keep people in similar environments have thus far failed on every single occasion, and there is no reason to expect that they will be any more successful in more dangerous and stressful conditions in outer space.<br /><br />For the technocrats who are guiding our present ship of state toward its rendezvous with disaster, I salute your bravery. These are not things that I would want on my conscience, anymore than William Mulholland wanted the collapse of his St. Francis Dam on his head in 1928, which killed hundreds of people and which event he took to his grave. Danny Boyle does not share the optimism of these technophiles, either, and a glimpse of his movie Sunshine will tell you why.<br /><br />--John David Ebert, author of \\"The New Media Invasion.\\"ters. The coming water shortages of the Southwest and the future meltdowns of our nuclear reactors will be gigantic events involving the displacement of huge populations with the creation of mass refugees fleeing, like the exiles of New Orleans, to all the cities around them for cover.    Indeed, the twentieth century has featured the greatest series of disasters in the entire history of humanity, one upon another, starting with the sinking of the Titanic in 1912, right down through the Great War, the Hindenburg, World War II, Hiroshima, Apollo 13, the space shuttles, Chernobyl and 9/11. These disasters were all by-products of the ever increasing scale and gigantism of our technological systems, and they would never have happened without them. The horrors of the twenty-first century are waiting to unfold before us, and Sunshine provides us with a glimpse into what lies ahead.     Just wait until we attempt those manned missions to Mars, in which human beings are expected to remain in claustrophobic environments, cut off from the earth and its natural biorhythms for nearly two years. Experiments conducted on our own planet as attempts to keep people in similar environments have thus far failed on every single occasion, and there is no reason to expect that they will be any more successful in more dangerous and stressful conditions in outer space.     For the technocrats who are guiding our present ship of state toward its rendezvous with disaster, I salute your bravery. These are not things that I would want on my conscience, anymore than William Mulholland wanted the collapse of his St. Francis Dam on his head in 1928, which killed hundreds of people and which event he took to his grave. Danny Boyle does not share the optimism of these technophiles, either, and a glimpse of his movie Sunshine will tell you why.    --John David Ebert, author of \\"The New Media Invasion.\\"
B000W1V5VU|5.0|None of the trilogy are in any way shabby and true to form 13 is outstanding.  It's a movie to watch over and over again because there is no way you can catch everything going on with one viewing.  Of the three in the series, this is my favorite one.
B000GIXEIG|5.0|This interpretation looks beyond the poem to what may have inspired the literary piece. What is a \\"monster\\"? In Grendel's case, he probably was a misunderstood humanoid with a bit of a temper problem. Considering the anthropological evidence and the time period, he was mostly likely a Neanderthal. With a wider ribcage, short legs, large arms, and wider head, he probably looked like a \\"monster.\\" He was from a dying race of humanoids left to wander the open fields as his natural habitat, the forest, disappeared from climate change. I'd have temper problems, too.<br /><br />This film removes the sensationalism that is found within the literature and gives it to us on a more human level. Today's modern audiences see past the imagery of what was once considered \\"heroic.\\" Taking emphasis away from Beowulf and the \\"King\\" and focusing more on the Grendel, the existential \\"other,\\" this film becomes more accessible to today's contemporary audiences than the poem could ever hope to be. The film is paced well, looks great, and gets a five out of five from me.
0061205699|5.0|Delivered very fast in plenty of time for christmas. The book is beautiful, THANK YOU
0131103628|3.0|This review is in no way a reflection of the service which I have received from Amazon, which to date has been stellar!!! Great Job guys at Amazon!!!    About the Book:  I am a Physics Graduate and currently persuing my Masters in computer science. I bought this because I was in the process of learning C and wanted to understand the intricacies of the language from the perspectives of its creators. Well, to no avail.    This book is not for a beginner of the language, and if you are a beginner ignore the excercises until you have read the whole book, or simply buy   \\"The C Answer Book\\", which is the one they probably really want us to buy.    For ambitious programmers the book will be a good challenge. If you get through all the questions you should be able to create a simple compiler at the end of the book.     Things that could be improved:  1. Better explanations on how the language works with hardware  2. Better demonstrations on how each command/ reserved word can be used,  especially the rand() function generator.    I have also started reading one of Ivor Horton's books on C++, he is a fantastic teacher. I think if you are a beginner of any language, or simply want to know how a language really works check out any of his texts.
0141439580|4.0|In a letter to a relative Austen once wrote \\"3 or 4 families in a country village is the very thing to work on \\"She knew this world intimately and well and it was the subject of her best novels of which Emma most assuredly is one .  Emma Woodhouse is young,lively and thoroughly spolied .She is complacently sure she knows what is best for all her friends and acquaintances ,especially in matters of the heart .She is a self-appoinited matchmaker to all her friends and she particularly interests herself in the affairs of the young and naive Harriet Smith,an unassertive and timid young woman .Emma is convinced Harriet would be ideally matched with the local minister Mr Elton not knowing that he despises Harriet for her lack of social graces and standing and that he is set on  wooing and winning  Emma herself .Emma is idly contemplating a dalliance with   a newcomer to the village ,Frank Churchill ,but her real feelings are for the local squire George Knightley .Knightley is an amused and exasperated spectator to the meddling which is second nature to Emma.  The novel deals with the way Emma's plans for others collapse and she as a consequence comes to a new and painful degree of self-awareness.She knows less about herself and others than she fondly imagines .The book is a very tough-minded piece of work and has universal themes to do with human motivations and self-deception.It shows the manipulations and strategems  of the marriage market as supremely important in society .Emma is essentially about growing into self awareness rather than a romantic comedy as so many other Austen novels are .It is why it still retains its impact so many years after its original publication .The support cast is well drawn -Elton,in particular  being a great sketch of an odious snake who has somehow been born as human being .  Any society in which people meddle in each others affairs is one in which Emma is still a valid book
B000CNE092|5.0|This DVD was exactly wonderful as described in other reviews. So glad I went with Amazon as the price was incredible compared to video stores in the mall. Shipped quickly, too.
0446677450|2.0|I think that this book was a genuine effort and I found some value in the book. It's a good motivational book but it lacks substance. It made me reconsider my view point, which is important: I handle my personal finances better. However, the book is so theoretical (and repeticious) that it shouldn't be purchased as a guide to wealth because there is little to no concrete advise to begin the journey. It ignites a fire but very, very little more.
075640407X|4.0|I will not spoil anything here for those of you who have not read this, so read on without fear.    The story line, as you probably have already read, revolves around an innkeeper who tends his tavern in a small village where not too much happens.  As the story opens, we find out that something is afoot, something that may involve supernatural events and creatures which should not exist.   We also learn that the innkeep and his mysterious companion/student are not who we think they are.    A scribe who searches out stories shows up at the inn and after learning who the main character really is asks that character to tell his story.  It turns out this innkeeper is someone famous, or perhaps infamous.    The main part of the book then is the story of this man from the time of his childhood up until the time he is about sixteen.   During this time he is learning about his talents and the ways of the world, and he has many adventures both mundane and supernatural.    Some readers have complained that not much happens during the first hundred pages or so.  In a sense, they are correct.   There is little of the usual sword fighting and magic casting.   But remember, the narrator at this point is in his teens and is naive about life.  In other words, the first third of the story is mainly about his adolescent loves, losses and lessons.   If you are looking for page after page of sword fights, magic, demons and such, you will find this slow going.    However, if you like the idea of a story about a young man finding out who he is in a fantasy realm world, then you will enjoy this story.   Things dramatically pick up at the end, as the narrator and his scribe are interrupted by the amazing appearance of.......    Well, I do not want to spoil it for you, but the book ends with a bang.    There is a simple explanation for why the author has written the book this way.   The author is an elf, or part elf.   Remember, elves are a long lived race and consequently their sense of story telling involves starting at the very very beginning and not hurrying one bit to the ending.  Only humans want to jump to the end of the story and forget all the subtleties that make a good tale.    Personally I am pleased to see elves writing books, as this is a unique take on the subject matter of the usual sword and socery tale.    The only reason I rated this four stars is that the narrator's student/companion could have been fleshed out more without giving away too much, and there are a few scenes between bickering young school lads which seem a little repetitious and may not be crucial to the story, though we will have to see down the road whether someone like the University Master who knows the name of things will be the important character he seems to be setup to be.    Very nice book.  I will get the next one.
B000VWYJ86|5.0|The Bourne Ultimatum is the best of the Bourne movies with Damon.  I plan on watchng it again.
B000002BYD|4.0|Pearl Jam-Yield ****<br /><br />The question of Pearl Jam's fifth album Yield is not whether the band lost something rather then it is what did the gain, because Pearl Jam has always been a band to grow and change, even today more then a decade after their career began as one of Seatle's leading grunge bands. Pearl Jam who before this album was known for their sense of rock anthms has become a band more known for it's wonderfuly lush melodys with the ocasional delve into a rocker, and that all started with Yield.<br /><br />Always one to experiment, slightly, and push the envilope, slightly, Eddie Vedder and the boys did just that, or should I say Ed Vedder as he preffered to be called from Yield on. The political message and world concious lyrics are as present as ever, and the DYI punk ethos is here still as well just with a sorfter sword. Rockers like the album opener 'Brain Of J' and the albums only slight hit single 'Do The Evolution' give this album the kick in the pants it needs. The sludgy production on the ladder is amazing and adds to the overall feel of the song making it one of the bands very best. While middle of the road songs such as 'No Way' have the same bombast as anything in Pearl Jams early catologue just in a softer package. But the ballads come across as more self-concious then anything else and concerned, not truly reaching what they could fully be.<br /><br />What you end up getting with Yield is actaully one of the bands stronger albums of all that they released in the late '90s and early '00s. Stone Gossard and Jeff Ament play some of the most inspired and original guitar of their career without coming across as self-indulgent and emotionless in their playing like they have sometimes been known to do.<br /><br />In the end It's a struggle with this album though because at this point Ed Vedder was \\"over being a rock star\\" so at this point he was really full of his own stink and was horrible to fans, but at the same time this was him being himself and making the most honest music of his career, and from this point on is when I really became a fan of Pearl Jam and really appreciate their music after this point, and Yield is a good starting point into the second half of the bands career.st music of his career, and from this point on is when I really became a fan of Pearl Jam and really appreciate their music after this point, and Yield is a good starting point into the second half of the bands career.
B000W07EKW|5.0|I bought the Bourne DVD collection as a gift for my husband who loves action/adventure movies. This collection is a great way to spend a rainy cold weekend afternoon/evening. Quick paced and action packed series.
B000002TQV|5.0|Radiohead-The Bends *****<br /><br />Bridging the gap between what was and what was to come, The Bends, released in 1995 was essentialy a transistional album for Radiohead. Released after the bands debut Pablo Honey, and the My Iron Lung (EP), The Bends sepperated a great rock band in the style of Oasis, with a Beatles twist from a U2 meets modern day Coldplay but better alternative band. After The Bends Radiohead would go on to release more alternative albums such as Ok Computer, Hail To The Theif, and as off late 2007 In Rainbows among others.<br /><br />The guitars are still in full swing here and are still a mjor driving force of the band, Johnny Greenwood and Ed O'Brien just have added more effects pedels and depth to their playing and style where as before it was just straight up rock with mostly use of power-chords only. Thom Yorke has grown and devoloped quite nicely as a performer and became quite the endearing song writer as of The Bends.<br /><br />Leaning more toward electronica then the typical rock anestetic on songs like the album opener, 'Planet Telex' and 'My Iron Lung' showing that U2 were not the only ones capable of trying new things and using electronica as a force in the early 1990's, infact I would argue that Radiohead did it better. Other places such as the almost epic '(Nice Dream)' with it's sheering guitar assault mid way through, and sedate vocals mixed with a classical string arrangement make this melting-pot of a track one to remember. Followed almost immediatly by 'Just,' a straight up hard rocker boasting one of the best song opening lines ever, \\"Can't wash the stink out, it's been hanging 'round for days,' you can tell from that moment on that you are in for one hell of a song, one reminicent of Pablo Honey.The second half of the album is a lot heaver and rocks a little bit harder then the first with songs like the albums stand out track 'My Iron Lung' which was so good on it's own EP released just before The Bends that was so good they decided to include it here as well, the already mentioned 'Just' and the fantastic 'Black Star' which is a little softer then the other too but none less powerful.<br /><br />So while The Bends is not a stand out track in the bands canon or a defining one it did help to show what was to come and sepperate the future from the past and show a band that had growth. With not a bad song to it's name The Bends easily stands up against the bands three other giant albums, Ok Computer, Kid A, and the newly released but maybe the best thing they have ever done In Rainbows. Radiohead is one of few bands that I would reccomend their whole catologue, but they are simply fantastic, and even when they don't shine at their brightest, they still tower over most others.e it here as well, the already mentioned 'Just' and the fantastic 'Black Star' which is a little softer then the other too but none less powerful.    So while The Bends is not a stand out track in the bands canon or a defining one it did help to show what was to come and sepperate the future from the past and show a band that had growth. With not a bad song to it's name The Bends easily stands up against the bands three other giant albums, Ok Computer, Kid A, and the newly released but maybe the best thing they have ever done In Rainbows. Radiohead is one of few bands that I would reccomend their whole catologue, but they are simply fantastic, and even when they don't shine at their brightest, they still tower over most others.
B000W4KT64|5.0|I was amazed at what pleasure a 16 year old could get from a musical.  Thanks for making her Christmas so enjoyable.
B000VBJEEG|4.0|I ordered this right before Christmas & it came on time.  I got it as a gift, so not sure how good the movie is, but it seemed to get a lot of good reviews.
B000MR9D5E|1.0|This product was ordered twice and both times the product failed to be delivered successfully.  The person still has not received the product which was ordered on December 9th.  I am completely dissatisfied with the Amazon and the abililty to monitor their associated merchants.  It will be the last order I make with Amazon. Not only was I unable to get the product delivered but finding customer service was close to impossible and the individual did not have an adequate competency with the English language.
B000VAPZM2|5.0|This is a wonderful movie for adults and children alike.  These young people are so very talented.  There is nothing in the movie that is inappropriate for children.  In fact, as a mother and grandmother I was pleased to see that the girls are wearing one piece swim suits in the pool scenes. Be sure to watch High School Musical first, that will get you more into the characters and story if you watch them in order.
B000GNOM78|5.0|What can I say when it comes to Bruce Lee!  Any chance to see him more clearly should be taken and HD does it nicely; I could catch blemished on is skin and all those somewhat blurred close ups come to life.  Still can't quite catch the path of his blows on slow mo, but somehow HD really makes a difference.
B000BEZQ0Y|5.0|This movie is an absolute favorite for me.  I can watch it over and over again.  Romantic, great storyline.  The music is tremendous, I recommend the soundtrack as well.  Men may like this movie too if they are into romantic movies. Even my young granddaughters enjoy watching this.  Highly recommended.
B00006JSS8|5.0|Track One features a young Stevie performing live.  It is was a GREAT unexpected surprise.  I hadn't ever heard it before.  If you're a Stevie fan, then you HAVE TO add this to your collection.  It is the DEFINITIVE COLLECTION after all!
B000W7JWUA|5.0|Settlers is one of the greatest games ever. I think it was originally created to teach capitalism. Here are my pros/cons:    Pros:   *There is enough strategy for most gamers    *There is some luck which can make things interesting. If you want to    minimize the luck factor then use 12-sided dice    *Great interaction as you get to trade and barter with other players      (even when it is not your turn.) Kids can definitely learn the concept     of re-investing in your assets and great negotiation skills.    *You can change the boardgame set up everytime so you get a different    game everytime.     *There are 2 expansions (seafarers & Cities & Knights) & other add-ons to    change up the game to continue to make the game new and interesting.    *There are extensions that expand the game to 6 players.    *Also, there are ways to \\"gang up\\" on the leader, so there are many games    where virtualy every player will be close to winning which makes it more    fun than when one player blows out everyone every game.    Cons:  *Setting up the board and clean up can be a little tedious if you are not    organized.    *purchasing the game, its 2 expansions and each corrsponding 5-6    extension can be a bit pricey. However, my experience is that the price    is worth it because you play this game so many time compared to other    games that may be cheaper.    Overall, this game is fun and can be re-played countless times due to the variable game set up. Well worth the money.
B000UD0ESA|5.0|Cream-of-the-crop science-fiction, from one who's seen a ton.
B00005JKQZ|5.0|I purchased this DVD through Amazon because of the price, availability and delivery. I incorporated it into a mental health unit for high school students. The students loved the movie- it took three days of classs to view- and I got good feedback from them regarding the characters mental health issues. An excellent movie for all to see- can open up many eyes regarding the diagnosis, treatment and stigmatism associated with mental health illnesses.
B000P6YNSE|5.0|I'm so glad I was able to get the season early enough before season 4 stated.  Its so addicting, I watch 3 episodes at a time
B00006CXSS|5.0|You really cannot do better than this HBO miniseries about a company in the 101st Airborne Division during the Second World War. The episodes themselves are superb, as is the DVD of extras with interviews of cast, crew and surviving members of the company. You will simply not regret owning Band of Brothers.
B000Q6GUT8|3.0|was going so good. I should have stopped there! It is about the oil and there is nothing but conspiracy behind it! The acting is good with the exception of Danny Glover.(I don't know what is up with him lately!) There is plenty of action but the story line just drops off halfway through.  The ending isn't what I would have liked but I guess that is hollywood. The language and violence makes this a NON-family movie.
B0002JJBZE|5.0|It is great!  Along with the epsodes you also get a great interview with Leonard Nimoy!
0143034545|5.0|Read it and it will transform your thinking and ultimately your life.   There's great wisdom and practicality in every line.
B00000IQV7|5.0|I bought this dvd. I don't know why. After I watched it, I felt like I still needed to get my money's worth. So I used the case to castrate a goat. Don't worry, it was done humanely. The goat is fine. After I used the case to castrate the goat, the goat and I went into the backyard and built a glorious bonfire. We then burned the Patch Adamd dvd together.
B000031XCR|5.0|You just can't find a more talented artist.  If she does actually retire as she has indicated, I am very greatful they have produced this particular CD, with every song I want, rolled into this one disk.  I could not have done better picking and choosing tracks.  Highly recommended for all Deon fans!
B00005JPLW|5.0|I bought the 300 2 disk special edition dvd for my fiance for Christmas and he watched it twice already.  The 2nd dvd is loaded with extras.  We both enjoyed the movie in the theatre so I know he would love it.  Amazon was great.  If you have seen this movie, it's worth getting it to add to any home collection.  If you haven't seen it yet, it is a really great gladiator style movie that men will love.  The price was fantastic.  The only thing I do recommend is if you are ordering before Christmas, make sure you do so well in advance, because they ship USPS and they are much slower than UPS or FedEx.  I ordered on 12/10 and estimated arrival date was supposed to be the 12/14, and I didn't get it till the package till 12/22.  I was glad it came before the big day.
B000WZB944|3.0|This is a beautiful package. However, I was disappointed with the audio quality of the remastered CD.  Unfortunately, many of U2s records and CDs are not engineered very well for the best sound.  Especially in the early days of the band.  If only the sound was as good as the music.  The new CD is perhaps marginally better than the original.  So it comes down to the original engineering behind the audio being poor and not the mastering of the final product itself.  So I'd have to say I was disappointed with this purchase from that aspect for what is otherwise truly a brilliant set of music and quite possibly the strongest 3-song opening of any record ever made.
0439882826|5.0|You probably expect some simple pop ups. Whatever your expectations I am willing to be that they will be exceeded. We purchased this for our six year old who is a read star wars fan. He loves it but we even find ourselves showing it to our adult friends.
B000W07EKW|5.0|The Bourne Trilogy movies are action packed suspense filled and intense. How the third movie ended I am guessing there is goint to be more from Bourne.
B000001EAQ|5.0|This album is heavily electronic, but then, I don't really mind electronic or rock.  Infact I like both.  It bothers me when people have to categorise something as either rock or electronic when it should be taken for what it is...MUSIC.  I think the people who think they've sold out are the ones who aren't as open minded as they'd like to think they are.  Music is about experimenting with new sounds, not staying in the same place.  I'd be bored to death listening to U2 for 20 years if they sounded the same on every album.    I've only just heard this one, and I'm pleasantly surprised (i hate rating music, but i did it just to counterbalance the negative reviews:)... I enjoy this album more than their previous ones.  Definietly underrated.
B000XA5K48|2.0|'Shoot Em Up' is full of those humorously ridiculous action scenes we know from movies like The Transporter.  That's the good part of the movie.    This is combined with a pretty strong guns-are-bad theme.  It's not just an argument against violence, it's an argument against the 2nd Amendment, which is mentioned specifically.    Hypocritically, the Good Guy makes use of hundreds of bullets (and a few carrots) to defeat the evil government conspiracy to allow people to have guns.    Ironically, the Good Guy makes a pretty firm statement that hypocrisy is one of the things he hates.    And if that's not quite enough garbage for you, the writer of this multi-million-dollar production can't control his leftist impulse to include a message about not trusting people who stand to make money.    If you can shut your brain off completely while watching movies, which I can handle sometimes, this is fun to watch.  But it really pushes the limits of ignoring stupidity to have a good time.
B000VWYJ86|5.0|Not all movies that run in sequence end up with each movie as good as the previous one.  The Bourne movie's have reached that goal.  This last segment had lots of action and was great to watch.  Robert Ludlum has done a great job with this story line.  So much so, I would like to see more movies in this series made.
B000VWYJ86|5.0|Great action film, but explains a lot from the first two, but can stand on its owen.
B000WC3A0S|5.0|While I was never thrilled with Rocky IV and V, this collection is still a must have for any Rocky fan.  Rocky I-III could stand alone as a solid trilogy capped off by the outstanding final chapter in Rocky Balboa. The themes in these films are timeless. The movies are well written and well acted.  The boxing choreography, while not necessarily \\"realistic\\", captures the spirit of the sport, which is of course the point of movies like these.  Inspiring entertainment!
0452287022|4.0|A very interesting and entertaining book. A great compliment to the movie. I had no clue as to who Vermeer was until I saw the movie and heard all about it from my fiance. I bought the book and movie for her for a Christmas gift. She let me leaf through the book and I found the images of his paintings to be breathtaking. The descriptions written about them in the book was very imformative. I would recommend this book accompany any purchase of the movie.
B00006CXSS|5.0|If you haven't seen this series you're in for a definate treat.  The series chronicles the trials & tribulations of a platoon of soldiers during WWII.  You quickly get emotionally invested in the characters and feel a growing respect for those that fought so bravely to secure our daily freedoms.  The series is realistic and unlike some other WWII era films does not sugarcoat the reality of daily war life.  If you, your father/mother/brother ANYone likes war era shows, this one is an instant hit... get one for you and one for a gift.
B000001EYO|2.0|The Big Lebowski CD was a big disappointment. I should have looked more closely, and listened to the whole thing before I bought. There are only 3 or 4 good tracks, and Shawn Colvin's (?) cover of \\"Viva Las Vegas\\" isn't even on there. On the other hand, the Spanish language version of \\"Hotel California\\" almost makes up for it. Download the tracks you like and forget about the CD.
B000VNMMQG|5.0|If you want reality that is in your face. WATCH THIS MOVIE!                       Sincerely Peter
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This film is amazing!! I understood it took years to complete and the video and film and cinematography is amazing!! My whole family enjoys it, extremely educational. Highly recommend as a family recreation!!
B000VR824S|4.0|[[ASIN:B000VR824S Eric Clapton: Crossroads Guitar Festival 2007]]    The recording quality was good.  Concert footage was unique and well done.  Liked some of the interviews. Overall it was worth it.
B000I0QKDS|4.0|I was surprised when I heard some of these tracks recently and they sounded good, so I decided to pick up a copy of the whole lp.  On the whole it was surprisingly, well here's the surprise, good.  The real highlight is the stereo version of Hi Ho Silver Lining.  The cleaned up version of I've Been Drinking Again also is a brand new experience.  I do wish they had also included the old mono mix with the vocals leaking through from a previous take.  After so many years, it will take a lot of listens to be used to a cleaned up version of this gem.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|This is just a fabulous family movie,  both for the Kids and for any adult who likes food... Well worth adding to your film library...
B00006CXSS|5.0|wonderful item and amazing gift.  would recommend this series to anyone.  direction is superb, characters gripping, and the interviews are at once uplifting and heart rending.  do yourself a favor and buy and watch.
B00005GL0R|5.0|I got the record for my granddaughter for Christmas and she was VERY pleased.  Not my cup of tea but she was happy and that's what we were aiming for.
0439882826|5.0|I gave this book to my son-in-law (who is a big Star Wars fan)---he was speechless!  He was amazed by the intricate details and kept unfolding more & more surprise pop-outs.  Make sure to pull out the battery protector before giving the book as a gift so the recipient can get the full impact of the lite sabers.  Great book for a tiny price!
0740748475|5.0|I ordered this for a friend for his wife.  He had checked it out at Borders Books for $150.  His wife loved it and he saved quite a lot of $.  The free shipping was the icing on the cake!
B000WQW988|5.0|This was a gift for my husband but, before he was able to watch it I watched it first. I love it. I enjoy it. I like Nirvana. And my husband was greatful too.
1401300529|5.0|David Halberstam delivers the final book in his career with a knockout.  The Coldest Winter details the Korean War through the Macarthur generalship and does so in a thorough and compelling manner. Relying heavily on interviews with soldiers who retold the events of the war there is a human element that puts the reader into the war. While at times the book seems to jump around it is still one of the more through accounts of the Macarthur era of the war. Like any great Halberstam book there is a villain and this one seems to focus on Macarthur and his general Almond.  The internal politics of the Tokyo command are a fascinating sub story that affects the entire outcome of the war.    The Korean War is one of the least covered conflicts in American history and Halberstam's attempts to focus on this generation of soldiers who are quickly dying reopens a chance to study and focus on this war once again.  For those like myself who have never read anything solely about the war except in the context of the Cold War this is a great place to start. It is the right combination of detailed battles, political ramifications and geopolitical context that allows the reader to not only understand the war but its place in history and current events at the time.  Overall it is well written, adequately covered and organized well.  Time may jump around but it is well tied together in the end and like all good Halberstam books there are mini-biographies within that give you a solid understanding of the major players in the war and their lives that led them up to that point.   Wonderfully done and a masterpiece that should be enjoyed by people interested in history everywhere.
6305907145|2.0|The film was not without charm...when it doesn't stray too far from Jane Austins' novel.  When it did ...were left with awkward Father/Uncle groping of Fanny and lesbian innuendo....their is also a mini condemnation of slavery and slave raping thrown into this love story.     Patricia Rozema obviously couldn't get people to watch anything she's written so she got Miramax to help her \\"Update\\" Jane Austin's \\"Out of touch\\" novel...problem is that Jane's work is alive and well and people want to see it when it's done right.    Patricia should at least mess up an man's Novel next time with her over the top PC feminist take of the world.  I'm sure here first draft had Fanny falling in love with Mary Crawford.
1565231023|5.0|If you want instruction on how to carve the ultimate in realistic looking faces, any of Jeff Phares books can help you.
160024131X|5.0|This is a great book. Very riveting tail and the fact that it's all true makes the story even more compelling.  I would highly recommend this book.
B000FS9FCQ|5.0|Alright... I sadly took the time to read the negative reviews on this and laughed myself silly at what most people had to say. And then, I felt sorry for them. How is it that they would go into such detail with this movie? I'd love them to do this to The Stupids with Tom Arnold...LOL... We'd be going around in circles with them... Look, if you're watching the movie for what it's meant for.... ENTERTAINMENT... Then I would suggest getting it.... It is a very action packed film with fight scenes to die for.... I get pumped while watching this movie...And I feel it was overall one of my favorite movies... SO just relax and enjoy the film.... I seriously doubt any of these people have room to talk...
B000A0GP4K|5.0|Great substance, wonderful direction, and you can just feel a closeness  with Mr Dylan that no other project comes close to.
B000K15VSA|5.0|If you love Blade Runner, you will love this collector's edition.  If you have a HD-DVD player or Blu-Ray player, I'd recommend getting the high def version.
B000WQW988|5.0|I bought this for my husband for a Christmas gift! He loves it!   Nirvana in concert in NYC ! A great DVD!
B000VLE3IS|5.0|I bought this as a gift....this is what she wanted and she was very happy to get it.  The service was great.  I think I ordered it on a Monday and received it on Wednesday.  Thanks
B00006CXSS|5.0|Let me start by saying that I am not a fan of war movies.  However, Band of Brothers is outstanding!  It makes you appreciate the sacrifices made by our fellow Americans in World War II!  I would highly recommend this to everyone.
630512762X|5.0|This is what I like to call a perfect movie.... I've seen this movie many many times and decided to add a up to date review on it.... Even though you all likely saw it already...lol... This movie is amazing.... Wonderful acting, score, storyline and action..... I loved everything about this movie.... So if you didnt see it yet... Whats wrong with you? LOL... Go get it
0060599847|5.0|Jack Canfield's Success Principles is one of my all time favorite books.  It is a convenient place for \\"one-stop shopping\\" for success information, positive thinking and motivation.  I can always picked it up and open to any page or chapter and find just the right message I need at that particular moment.  The truth be told I had checked out a copy from the library for the maximum number of weeks allowed and then decided I want this one in my personal library.  Just last night I hosted a goal setting workshop and held it up as one of my very favorite books about success and goal setting.  At the end of the workshop a participant approached me and asked \\"may I borrow your Success Principles book?\\" I am rather protective of certain books--like this one--in my collection, so I kindly yet strongly encouraged her to \\"Just go to Amazon and get your own copy.  You can't go wrong with this book.  In fact, if I had to choose JUST ONE BOOK to get started on positive thinking, goal setting and success -- this is definitely the one I would choose!\\"
B000MM1IDE|4.0|At this price you have to really like Coldplay. This is not their best album but great nonetheless. I will always enjoy Parachutes the most. This edition of X&Y includes the videos for \\"Fix You,\\" \\"Speed of Sound,\\" \\"The Hardest Part,\\" and \\"Talk\\". It also includes two exclusive B-sides: \\"Setting Sun\\" and \\"Gravity\\". \\"Setting Sun\\" is actually a very good song. It's a shame it doesn't get more recognition. Did I mention the songs come in DVD-audio?    Overall, this is a must-have for any hardcore Coldplay fan. All others can pass.
B000N3ST9I|5.0|Awesome.  This CD shows the kind of talent, maturity and style that only comes from YEARS of playing from guy's with great synergy between them  (Flynn & Demmel).  Put 4 other equally talented guy's together, and you could never produce something like this.  METAL!!!  MACHINE HEAD!!
B00005JKDR|5.0|This is such a cute movie. It is well worth owning on Disk. It is not scary. I found it to keep the attention of my 10 year old daughter as well as my 2 year old nephew. This is a direction most fantasy movies have not taken before. I am glad that Disney did this piece.<br /><br />The graphics are so real you feel like you can actually pet Sully's back. When it was made it was ahead of its time in quality of graphics. I think it continues to be one of the most realistic cartoons to date.
B0000AQS6R|5.0|This is a classic with my now grown children and we still like to watch it. We are watching right now with our grandchild.
B000022TSW|4.0|funny video but not for children--lots of cusswords including saying the \\"F\\" word at least 100 times.
0316067598|5.0|I bought Lone Survivor for my husband for Christmas, and he cannot get enough of it.  He isn't much of a reader but this book he reads constantly and talks about it to everyone he meets.  It's an incredible true story by a true hero.
B000VUDSH6|1.0|When I first heard of Jackie Chan was on a documentary titled, \\"Bruce Lee, The Legend.\\"  Jackie had been projected as the next Bruce Lee, but the difference was Lee's martial art was based on real fighting techniques, as Jackie's was based from Cantonese Opera.  Hardly a replacement.  With that put aside, Jackie has become the #1 box office martial arts champ.  Starting in Hong Kong with \\"The Drunken Master\\" to the international hit \\"Rush Hour.\\"  At some point, I felt he could do no wrong.  But, the last two to three years have been dismal.  With the Chris Tucker annoying \\"Rush Hour 3\\" (would someone please shut him up?) Here comes \\"Robin B Hood.\\"  First, the action is typical Chan in a good way.  Not up to standards with the \\"Police Story\\" series, but much better that the last two \\"Rush Hour\\" movies. After that, it's a total waste.  The problem with most movies from Hong Kong, is there are less focus on the flow in storytelling.  Everything is set up completely for the action scenes, and not on believability.  It was explained that the Hong Kong audience only likes action, and not story.  Jackie Chan's words, not mine.  But, when you are also marketing a Western audience, certainly plausibilities have to be answered.  Commercial Western movies, \\"Transformers\\", \\"Spiderman 3\\" \\"Alien vs. Predator\\" have not done better, but at least they give some faithfulness to it's genre.  \\"Robin B Hood\\" doesn't.  It doesn't know if it's a comedy or an action flick.  It's just another showcase for Jackie's stunts.  Also, there is no subtleties in this movie.  With completely stupid scenes of wife that is pregnant and Jackie's partner wanting a divorce to the gross out of Baby messes.  Completely disgusting.  I own every Chan movie, except this one.  And it's a shame. I can handle most of the implausibility, but just the  stupid story that made no sense to the gross out, I'd avoid this at all risk.  Now, if Chris Tucker was in this movie, and had a dirty diaper stuck in his face, then I'd purchase it in a heartbeat.  But, no such luck.  Even if the DVD had some special features, I'd might give it some thought.  ***YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!***<br /><br />Note:  There was only one bright spot in the movie.  It's featuring of actor Ku Feng as Jackie's father.  Shaw Brother veteran actor, whose been in the most Kung Fu movies.  Looks pretty good at his age.  Should have been used in more of the movie.n I'd purchase it in a heartbeat.  But, no such luck.  Even if the DVD had some special features, I'd might give it some thought.  ***YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!***    Note:  There was only one bright spot in the movie.  It's featuring of actor Ku Feng as Jackie's father.  Shaw Brother veteran actor, whose been in the most Kung Fu movies.  Looks pretty good at his age.  Should have been used in more of the movie.
B0002VEPRQ|5.0|Seeing this movie as an adult brought back nostalgic memories of childhood.  It gave me a new lease on life while I watched it and much to look back on in my life.  Like my mother's arm around me as we watched it together, my father laughing at it so hard he started choking, etc.  It's a movie I'll cherish to the rest of my life and one I'll proudly show any grandchildren I get.  There'll never be another Walt Disney, that's for sure!
0553805460|1.0|I bought this book after reading an excerpt printed in Registered Rep magazine.  I thought that the book would be built around the rise of the author's business, detailing how he earned his nickname; instead the entire book is based on his fall from greatness, and doesn't recount any of the rise.  I find this ironic in that during the fall the author was supposedly drugged up nearly 24/7 (which is the primary reason for his demise) to the point any other man would have overdosed, yet he depends upon his memory during this drug-induced haze for all of the details of his story.  The Author's Note hits the nail on the head:  \\"...a true story based on my best recollections of various events in my life.\\"    I'm sure there is plenty of truth in the book, but the bottom line is that Jordan Belfort can no longer make money spinning lies in the securities industry, so he is trying to make money spinning lies as an author instead.  If you want to read this book borrow it or buy it used.
B00005YW4H|5.0|very happy with this purchase  product arrived quicker than promised date  would purchase from amazon.com again
B000Y1ZXU2|5.0|Tool is consistently great.  There is no item of theirs that is a bad purchase, and this item is no different...a must have for Tool fans.
071563318X|4.0|This book is hard to get into.  It basically just lists the pros and cons of differant weapons, modes of transportation, hideouts, etc.  The book  will tell you how to do things like barricade yourself in an apartment building and then it will tell you how to barricade yourself in a church.  Pretty much a duplicate chapter changed only slighty.  The \\"historically acurate\\" listing of documeted zombie encounters is good.  But if thats what you want I would recomend Max Brooks' other zombie book, World War Z.
0440238609|5.0|I admit, I watched the movie before I bought the book.<br /><br />I wanted to see how much it differed from the book.  Differ, it did.  I liked the ending the book had much better - it was more cohesive and made more sense.<br /><br />In reading the subsequent volumes, I am looking forward to the progression in film - though I worry about the religious whack-jobs getting their two cents in out of their own fear.<br /><br />If faith is strong, nothing will sway a person from it. This is a S-T-O-R-Y not suggestions in life paths.... but I digress, this is about the book, not current events.<br /><br />All in all, the story was very engaging and a real page turner from the beginning of the Golden Compass - to the end of the Amber Spy Glass!
0439882826|5.0|We got this for our 6-year-old Star Wars fan, who has just about every type of Star Wars merchandise that's offered. These intricate pop-ups are a delight, so different and fresh, that they let you experience the story in a new way. Pure pleasure, and a must-have for a fan.
B0000AKCLS|4.0|I just love listening to Joe Bonamassa on my satellite radio, so I got this one, after checking the various reviews.  Although I still think he is the greatest, this album is a bit stiffer, it is very \\"studio\\"... too practiced... but still a high quality album, just that I prefer the radio stuff.
B000M5AJQS|5.0|Given the Academy's miserable recent record in selecting Best Film, I watched \\"The Departed\\" simply to see whether it was worth a nomination (let alone the Oscar it won). It was.<br /><br />Scorsese was never an \\"in your face\\" director, but in \\"The Departed\\" he reaches a new level of disappearing altogether. (That's a compliment.) This film has \\"style\\", but one is not consciously aware of it. As with many great artists (think Fred Astaire or Miles Davis), Scorsese's work gets simpler as he matures. And \\"The Departed\\" is perhaps the most brilliantly edited film I've seen, its layered complexity complementing the acting and direction's simplicity. Thelma Schoonmaker richly deserved her Oscar.<br /><br />The most-controversial element of \\"The Departed\\" is Jack Nicholson's performance, which, good though it is, seems rather more \\"emphatic\\" (shall we say) than the other performances.<br /><br />Watching \\"Five Easy Pieces\\" on a flight more than thirty years ago, I heard two passengers arguing whether Jack Nicholson was a great actor, or simply \\"playing himself\\". My feeling is that he's a very good actor, but not in the top rank, because he seems incapable of disappearing into a role. We're always aware we're watching \\"Jack\\" -- not the character he's playing, however well-rendered. * Compare his work with Robert Duvall's or John Hurt's (see my review of \\"The Proposition\\"), and the gulf is plain.<br /><br />Perhaps the fairest judgement of Nicholson's performance in \\"The Departed\\" is that it's neither good nor bad -- it's simply the sort of performance Scorsese wanted, and he cast Nicholson to get it.<br /><br />\\"The Departed\\" is one of Scorsese's best films, but I wouldn't rank it above \\"GoodFellas\\" or \\"King of Comedy\\". If you're in the mood for a double feature, the last scene makes a great seque into \\"Ratatouille\\". Really.<br /><br />* His worst performance is arguably in \\"Prizzi's Honor\\". He plays a dim-witted hood who comes across as a college-educated actor pretending to be a dim-witted hood.
0375847227|4.0|Ignore the ratings, this book's rank has been all too influenced by those who never read it.    Pullman's written a trilogy that asks hard questions and doesn't answer all of them.  It makes you think, and that's good.  I don't think its for young kids, because bad things happen in it and there are mild sexual references.  I don't think the Harry Potter books or the Lord of the Rings are for young kids either.  But for thinking beings age 10ish and up, sure.     So here's my review of the story (not Christianity, or atheism, or the controversy, but the book itself):    Enough has be written about the plot that I won't summarize anything here.    I found the world fascinating and wish he'd written more about it. I loved the daemons and the way they were done.  Mrs. Coulter is a fabulous villain.  The story moves well and never ceases to be interesting.  And Pullman doesn't shirk from the ending you can sense is coming.  He's pitiless and brave in his storytelling, something I admire.  He presents ideas he's got to have known would cheese people off without once apologizing.  I hope he never does.    On the negative side, I did not like the characters.  They were shallow.  Lyra is the feisty/plucky heroine, Roger is the sidekick/foil, and Will is the intrepid hero (YAWN). I disliked the occasional intrusion of the omniscient narrator. I disliked being told things instead of shown them (eg., Lee Scoresby spends a lot time talking about how he loves Lyra like a daughter yet no time is spent on their relationship).  The characters supposedly change over time, but that is done poorly and reads as inconsistency rather than maturation.  Switching gears, major plot elements are never resolved, and some questions never answered.    This is an idea book rather than a plot and character book.  The ideas are fascinating and make the book very worthwhile.  The plot and characters...less so.      I gave it 4 stars because as an idea book it's very good.
B000F3T3CS|5.0|Performances are excellent.  Netrebko is in beautiful voice and is beautiful to look at, a rare combination in opera.  Villazon has a great time playing a young man who is a bit of a fool, as are so many young men when in love.  An immensely enjoyable performance.
B000VSBX34|5.0|Being a Beatles fan I really enjoyed this movie in DVD. I had a poor VHS copy so this one really looked absolutely great compared to the VHS  and the sound quality was excellent. The second CD is very good also, it has a lot of extras,documentary,special features etc.
B000N6U1GE|3.0|The music is 5 stars as usual, the DVD gets 1 star because it came as Region 2. I can't play it on any of my DVD players or computers. The web site said nothing of this and I paid a premium to get it. I didn't know about the region issue until now. Google and you'll learn more.
B00117P0HE|1.0|Well I have been waiting for this movie to come out so that I can download it and watch it.  I want to rent it however, not buy a file that I may not be able to use at a latter time, so I am immensely frustrated that I will not be able to circumvent the brick and morter store, which by the way is out.  I understand that this is a place for reviewing the movie, but I am annoyed at the Sell but no Rent option.!!<br /><br />-R-
0439813786|5.0|This book came on time and looks good! However I bought it as a gift so didnt read it myself. I did notice the beautiful pictures inside, though.
0743270754|4.0|This item was delivered to me within 5 days, even at Christmas time.  Nice work!!!!
B000H5U832|4.0|Good movie just to kick back and enjoy for what it is. Just a fun picture and well done.
B00006CXSS|5.0|The sheer authenticity of this series puts it in a category of its own.  Watch it, live war through the memories of our heroes and learn their immortal lessons.
B000FL7CAK|5.0|This is a great show to watch and then be upset that it no longer is around. If you miss new tv shows due to the strike try this out. Solid acting and storyline throughout. Plus Kristen Bell is just smokin' hot!
B000W07EKW|5.0|Very quick shipment, was told a late January shipment, then December 26th, received Dec 22 (this was a Christmas present!).  Great job!
B000007XUQ|5.0|Great cd, it came in perfect condition and in time to enjoy before Christmas.  Thank you verymuch!!!!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This is the kind of footage where dreams of travel and adventure come from.  Outstanding camera work and resonating narration.    After watching it several times, I now run this on my large LCD with the volume muted pretty much continuously.  The video continues to inspire!
B000PTYPAC|5.0|I only knew 2 of paramores songs and I love the whole thing! Cd came to my home quickly and as promised. Happy I decided to order from Amazon.
0340839937|5.0|Let me start off by saying that very few books of fiction have done it for me as far as giving me insight into the soul of humanity or the complexities of our planets ecological system. I am an avid reader of non-fiction, particularly biographies because for the most part they're interesting, for I find most fiction to be stale and lifeless, mostly due to plot contrivances that no living writer of today's post modern world can't seem to shake. But I have seen the light...and it's called DUNE!!! In all of my 31 years on this earth I have not read one piece of popular fiction that can hold a candle to this work. This is ingenious work for the sole reason that Frank Herbert presents multiple story arcs, themes and inner voices into a cohesive whole that the average reader(like myself)can understand without scratching my head and saying \\"huuh?\\" It literally transcends the genre of sci-fiction. George(Star Wars) Lucas should be giving profit points to the Herbert estate for literally outright ripping off ideas and motifs from Dune. Hey I guess if you're gonna steal, you steal from the best. This book is quite simply the best piece of fiction I've ever read. If I had the foresight to read it in my 20's, I can't help but to think that I would be in a better position than where I am at right now in my life, but hey...better late than never.  Read this book and I guarantee you that your life will change.
0743289684|5.0|Ayaan might not be with us for long. Many Muslims would love to slit her throat to silence her voice. But should they succeed, her story will endure in this precious collection of memoirs.<br /><br />Liberal minded people are accepting. They have a profound presumption of innocence of other cultures. This is the gracious disposition that makes the West such a haven for refugees the world round.<br /><br />But there are times when that presumption must be overturned by evidence beyond a reasonable doubt. This is the case with beloved Ayaan. We follow her on her personal journey from a single option world of Islam and clan to the startling realization that the world she sees before her eyes is not the fantasy she had believed. It is the beautiful account (albeit strewn with tragedy) of one extremely human person's journey to the realization that a liberal democracy based on humanism are right and good, while Islam, based on ancient barbarism are not.<br /><br />This authentic account will be uniquely useful in helping Islamic woman recognize their cage, and gain boldness to step out, should an opportunity be presented. It may also help Westerners finally recognize and admit that, after a fair hearing, it must be said that Islam is no more a religion of peace than is Nazism. The courage to admit that is as needed now as the courage to recognize Hitler for what he was was needed in the buildup of the Nazi party.<br /><br />And the story is well, well told.
B000PA9Q6E|5.0|I'm not one of those Blues fans that can tell you who played drums on which LP.  If they weren't printed right above, I couldn't even name the guys on the cover of this one.    I *do* know, however, that I am loving the Blues.  This is a very satisfying start to my collection.
B000P6YNSE|5.0|We really enjoy Lost and are happy to have this season. The set came quickly and just as promised. We are very happy to have ordered from Amazon!
B000001FTJ|4.0|I got this CD because i love the movie robots and i learned that \\"underground\\" is from this CD, his voice is so unique and every song is different.
B000K7VHQ4|5.0|I couldn't find the Widescreen version of this movie no matter where I went in person. I tried general stores like Walmart and Kmart and even the more specified sellers such as Hastings and Barnes and Noble. I finally went on Amazon the next day and not only found the widescreen version of the movie, but it was cheaper than any store I had been to. The new movie was in great condition and the sleeve was free of damage. Even when I buy a movie at a store, the sleeve of it has creases and marks from sitting on the shelf. This copy of the Illusionist was in perfect condition and I was happy to give it to my mother as one of her Christmas gifts this year. I celebrated Christmas a week early due to my absence on Christmas day with my family. It arrived right on time and I was able to save myself not only from frustration, but I was able to get a great product for much cheaper than expected!
B000YA9R3C|5.0|Paul Thomas Anderson's \\"There Will Be Blood\\" is a big bold, eccentric, crazy film, based on Socialist author Upton Sinclair's 1927 novel \\"Oil,\\" which proposes the thesis that Capitalism brings about positive change but change that ultimately destroys the future: a double edged sword that cut both ways. So much of \\"TWBB\\" reminds me of Nathanial West's Hollywood Novels of the 30's like \\"Miss Lonelyhearts\\" and \\"Day of the Locust,\\" novels filled with grotesques and grotesque, outlandish actions. Plainview would fit right in with West's fringe dwellers.<br />At the center of \\"TWBB\\" is the towering performance of Daniel Day Lewis as Daniel Plainview, who at the beginning of the film (1898) is a not very successful Silver miner who ends up by film's end as a just barely holding onto reality, whacked out richest Oilman in California. Lewis's performance is feral, animalistic, and fierce...all squinting eyes, guttural voice and slouching posture: Lewis feels every word he utters throughout his body. He pulls out all the stops and creates a character that resonates with pathos and humanity but his Plainview is also a symbol of a time when it was possible to get ahead by setting goals, setting out into a \\"new\\" world, grabbing yourself by the seat of your pants and forcing your will upon others and getting ahead: making money, saving, spending wisely...attaining the so-called American Dream in the sense that James Truslow Adams wrote about it in his \\"Epic of America\\" in the 1930's. Lewis's Plainview is Evil personified (\\"I despise success in others\\") yet writer/director Anderson has allowed him to have a positive inner life primarily centered on his son who he papalbly adores focusing all of his available adoration on him.<br />Let no one dissuade you from this: Lewis's performance here is on par with Brando's in \\"Streetcar\\" or Paul Newman's in \\"Hud.\\" It's a performance that actors will be referring to for many years to come.<br />Plainview's main antagonist is Paul Dano's Eli Sunday, a young preacher who creates the Church of the Third Revelation in the oil fields. Thomas sets up a battle between the two: the supposedly ultimate Capitalist and the lowly man of God: a kind of Battle of the Titans: Capitalism vs. Evangelism. Their big, penultimate confrontation is as big and bold and over-the-top as even Anderson's own Shower of Frogs in \\"Magnolia.\\"<br />\\"There will be Blood\\" grabs you from the first frame and doesn't let you go until the last frame of the last reel spools out. It is poetic, thoughtful, beautiful in many ways as well as ugly, real, ghoulish in others. Because Anderson's vision here is so aggressively solemn and ominous even Calvinist,\\"There Will be Blood\\" will naturally be misunderstood by many but ultimately this film will be remembered and revered for many, many years to come.ung preacher who creates the Church of the Third Revelation in the oil fields. Thomas sets up a battle between the two: the supposedly ultimate Capitalist and the lowly man of God: a kind of Battle of the Titans: Capitalism vs. Evangelism. Their big, penultimate confrontation is as big and bold and over-the-top as even Anderson's own Shower of Frogs in \\"Magnolia.\\"  \\"There will be Blood\\" grabs you from the first frame and doesn't let you go until the last frame of the last reel spools out. It is poetic, thoughtful, beautiful in many ways as well as ugly, real, ghoulish in others. Because Anderson's vision here is so aggressively solemn and ominous even Calvinist,\\"There Will be Blood\\" will naturally be misunderstood by many but ultimately this film will be remembered and revered for many, many years to come.
1878424505|5.0|I have to say that this little book has changed my life.  It has slowed me down and helped me to quiet my mind when encountering stress, then remembering the four agreements helps me put those stressful events in proper perspective.  I read and reread this book, then went through and underlined the lines that spoke to me personally.  Amazing!
B000VAPZM2|5.0|Bought this for my niece who is a High School Musical fan.  Shipping time was great and it was easier to buy from Amazon that looking all over town.  Cost was comparable.  Also bought the first DVD.
B000P12LWY|3.0|I rented this series to help me decide whether I should buy it.  I very much enjoyed the lavish sets and the drama in general and found most of the historical inaccuracies only slightly detracting. However, I could not suspend my disbelief enough to accept the slight and dark figure of Jonathan Rhys Meyers as the tall, robust, and fair Henry VIII.  I would have much preferred Steven Waddington (Buckingham) as Henry.  At this time my disappointment in the miscast of the lead role discourages me from buying the series.  Incidentally, I found Catherine (Maria Doyle Kennedy) and Ann Boleyn (Natalie Dormer) to be perfectly cast.
B000UVT3OI|5.0|What was most surprising about the CD that it also had all of the Video's of his songs.  It is Garth Brooks so of course it has to be good.  WOuld recommend this to anyone that loves Garth.
0440238609|5.0|I will be 60 years old this year and love to read good books.  These are good books.  Philip Pullman has a great imagination.  I am almost finished with the last one and will cut this review short so that I can get back to it.  Can't wait to go see the first movie.  By the way, some of his ideas aren't fantastical.
0316067598|3.0|This Book is a First person Perspective:  what it takes to survive the \\"culling-out\\" of SEAL applicants  why the programme must cull-out  how the programme ensures mission success and survivability
B00011F5DK|5.0|This is a great game.  The rules are deceptively simple, but you really need to excercise your brain to follow them.  Our family loves this game.  We've played 3 and 4 player games and have found them equally challenging.    Unfortunately for me, my kids are getting better at the logic and using strategy every time we play.  My dominance is no longer assured.
0143038419|5.0|I don't want to say too much about this book, because that would spoil it, not only for others, but for myself as well.  This book was amazing.  I could relate to Liz's journey, her pain, her sorrow, and all the rest of it that she shares with us.  I feel like she is a friend almost, her story is so intimate and personal.  I particularly was sucked into the \\"pray\\" part of the book, which takes place in an ashram in India.  I thought her writing to be very informative and involving.  I felt as though I was there myself, with her, because that is how she tells her story.    Her story gave me strength and reassurance that I am not alone in this world, that I am not alone in my life but share it with God and many others (my four brothers) which makes me so happy inside.  I have felt many of the things that she said, but didn't know why.  She makes me understand many things, most importantly the magnitude of God and his love.  Thanks Liz, for that...
B0007GAEGC|5.0|Good songs! Reminds me of Enya.  The song on this CD called \\"Walking in the air\\" is also sung by the band Nightwish.  If you like this song I recommend listening to the Nightwish version also.  Google it or go to Youtube and you can find it there to listen to.
B00004S8X5|5.0|After a few times listening to Kylie's first CD, it may begin to seem like a radical departure from the usual pop music fare circa 1988. Exceedingly well-played and arranged island-inflected soft funk beats drive and/or massage over half of the songs. The other tracks boast a finely mastered assortment: a strong remake of \\"The Locomotion\\", an exquisitely fine jazz-inflected R & B song, another where R & B and island funk are melded in an uncannily expressive fashion, and so on.<br /><br />1. \\"I Should Be So Lucky\\"<br />A good story-song. Kind of an innocent, bubbly send-up, it's very energetic, and at the same time quite sweet. The video is very fun to watch, with its girl-next-door flavor on display all the way through.<br />4 stars<br />[video on `Ultimate Kylie' DVD: 5 stars]<br /><br />2. \\"The Loco-Motion\\" Kylie really nails this - it's a fabulous remake of the great Little Eva classic from 1962!<br />4-5 stars.<br /><br />3. \\"Je Ne Sais Pas Pourquoi\\"<br />Here the backing tracks' mix is a total gem - full of surprising, expressive rhythmic touches - for this medium tempo, gentler type of song. After an initial learning curve, it seems to get better every time you hear how Kylie's exhortations fit in and around the rhythmic groove (likewise how the groove fits around and inside her singing). The rhythm and overall style seems to be broadly based in zouk (dance music from Guadalupe/Martinique, islands in the French Caribbean, by way of Paris).<br />5++++ stars;<br />[video on `Ultimate Kylie' DVD: 5+ stars]<br /><br />4. \\"It's No Secret\\"<br />This song continues the exploration of island-inflected beats. With strong, broadly swinging syncopations, this one seems to hearken to reggae-soca (a blending of Jamaican reggae and Trinidadian dance music). And this one's unbelievably passionate. Great, great songwriting (form, rhythm, melody, backing tracks) and soulful playing/singing all the way through!<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />5. \\"Got To Be Certain\\"<br />Continues the exploration of island inflected beats - this one appears to be a severely funk-inflected soca, with an overall subtle zouk influence as well; feel the relaxed passion/emotion of K's singing! The melody's in a major key this time, with a kind of high-blown airy feel to it.<br />5++++ stars.<br /><br />6. \\"Turn It Into Love\\"<br />Continues the uncanny fusion of island beats and song forms. This unbelievably passionate song/arrangement is seemingly in a driving straight 8 (time signature); but the placement and accenting of notes of the rhythmic synth groove coupled with undulating, syncopated melodic/harmonic lines send this into a high heaven-on-earth feel. Great techno/synth sounds in the mix; great melodic revolutions, unbelievable vocal arrangement - bravo to all the singers - what a blend!<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />7. \\"I Miss You\\"<br />Here's still another unbelievably passionate song/arrangement, this one being jazzy-inflected R & B - the backing tracks are unbelievably good - smooth and soulful - everything fits like a glove, the backup singers especially. Their harmonies and tonal palette are intensely dreamy, and creamy.<br />5++++ stars.<br /><br />8. \\"I'll Still Be Loving You\\"<br />Beautiful reggae-inflected R & B, with well-placed funk seasoning; again, how they got these rhythms (etc.) to fuse so perfectly is a complete marvel. The melody, composition, back-up harmonies continue to thoroughly amaze!<br />The finest imaginable at 5 stars ++++.<br /><br />9. \\"Look My Way\\": a glorious somewhat up-tempo R & B song. This sounds perfectly at home in the constellation of late-80's music, when it was created. The only caveat here is that Kylie's singing is a little more strident-sounding than it probably should be. The back-ground singers sound too much more relaxed and this produces kind of a clash. My vote would be to have had Kylie's delivery toned down, as the back-ups sound perfect. This was an error on the part of the producers, not the singers (including Kylie).<br />4  stars.<br /><br />10. \\"Love At First Sight\\"<br />(Note that this is an entirely different song from the one of the same title from her 8th CD: `Fever')<br />This begins with a very tasty (and funky) syncopated soca-driven horn intro.  But what's kind of weird is how simplistic (and repetitious) the melodies are: mostly up 4 notes and back down (in both sections), with minimal ornamentation, etc. Maybe this is an attempt to recapitulate the melodic movement of track #1 (which is, however, somewhat more varied and interesting), over a more busily moving rhythm track. Kylie and the other singers clearly make the best of it, and if the listener will be a little bit forgiving, and let the blending of the beats, the singing and other sonic events carry the day, the song might just clock in at 5 stars, otherwise you might have to rate it a 4, or even a 3. Overall the song works quite well, considering.tle from her 8th CD: `Fever')  This begins with a very tasty (and funky) syncopated soca-driven horn intro.  But what's kind of weird is how simplistic (and repetitious) the melodies are: mostly up 4 notes and back down (in both sections), with minimal ornamentation, etc. Maybe this is an attempt to recapitulate the melodic movement of track #1 (which is, however, somewhat more varied and interesting), over a more busily moving rhythm track. Kylie and the other singers clearly make the best of it, and if the listener will be a little bit forgiving, and let the blending of the beats, the singing and other sonic events carry the day, the song might just clock in at 5 stars, otherwise you might have to rate it a 4, or even a 3. Overall the song works quite well, considering.
B000TZUSOY|5.0|I can't improve on the comments of the two previous reviewers, but I can endorse their acclaim for this superb album. The telepathy between Quebec and Burrell is marvellous. This is a thoroughly stimulating work. I would also put in a word for Paul Chambers' Blue Note album \\"Bass On Top\\", where  Burrell is again exemplary.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Wish I would have gottent both the earth and sea combined 10 disc set....nothing to say but truly amazing! A must see for the entire family. Our entire family was glued to the tv for Christmas watching, including my 3 year old! Now THAT is amazing.
B000YMBBH0|3.0|I bought the Bourne trilogy on DVD for my roomates birthday. Unbeknownst to me they were HD DVD's that don't work on a regular DVD player. IT SHOULD SAY SOMETHING ABOUT THIS FACT ON THE PRODUCT LISTING. Now we have this nice DVD set that we can't watch. Not only that but when he put the HD DVD into the Xbox 360 to watch it, IT BROKE THE XBOX! So in summary I have 3 movies I can't watch and $500 video game system that is broken. Thanks Amazon.
1904920209|5.0|I got the bread baking bug after getting a Cuisinart and learning to make pizza.  I've made a few breads before getting this book but this book is a revelation - full of great ideas and fantastic pictures.  Sometimes the instructions leave you wishing you could ask questions or leave a few details out.  Overall, though, a great book of ideas and bread-making inspiration.
B000007XUQ|5.0|I am 100% satisfied with this purchase, and the entire buying process. I received the CD earlier than I expected (before Christmas even!), and it was brand new. I just love my new CD. I'm so happy
B000YENUI6|5.0|David Cronenberg is surely one of our very best directors.  He has a sense of visual style Terry Gilliam and Tim Burton might envy; and a willingness to explore the dark corners of human experience one sees in David Lynch - except that Lynch appears to do it simply out of an obsession with all that is perverse and depraved, while Cronenberg genuinely cares about his subjects, no mattered how tortured.  For an example of this try Spider, although Dead Ringers - even Naked Lunch - would serve just as well.<br /><br />Cronenberg secured his place at table with The Fly, a glossy, smart horror story about monstrous transformation.  The Fly is visually intoxicating, truly disturbing, and compelling because of the underlying humanity of its characters.  This formula set the tone for many pictures to come, and didn't really change fundamentally until History Of Violence - also starring Viggo Mortensen.  HOV plays like a straight gangster pic, however smart it may be.  (If you choose to watch it try to be absent from the room towards the end as William Hurt completely embarrasses himself.  Imagine your effeminate seventh-grade English teacher impersonating a mob boss.)<br /><br />In Eastern Promises Cronenberg returns to this approach but the result is far better.  This time the setting is London, with Russian mobsters providing the context.  I will avoid spoilers because some of the drama depends on surprise.  Let's just say that Viggo Mortensen presents an aura of \\"cool\\" unknown in any spaghetti shoot `em up known to me - including every Godfather picture - all 19 of them - and Goodfellas.  Compared to Nikolai, Mortensen, the spaghetti crowd is little more than a pack of wretched thugs in sharkskin suits lacking anything resembling morality or values, much less the ability to contain bestial impulses.  Their violence is ultimately thick headed, boorish, and pathetic.<br /><br />Nikolai, by contrast, moves with calm, detached deliberation.  He is aloof and genteel; you could chill your vodka in his hands.  Like any iceberg, you know there's plenty going on in the background - but he does not show his cards.  Mortensen deserves consideration at Oscar time.  Another way this movie trumps every spaghetti shoot `em up you've ever seen is that there is very little violence, but what there is, is so very personal.  Hollywood has long ago forgotten that guns render murder cheap and trivial by making it a detached act.  In Eastern Promises, if I promise to kill you, I will, and during the last moments of your life you'll be staring right into my eyes.  Cronenberg understands what most directors do not, violence only compels if one cares about the victim, and at the very least, understand the personality of the perpetrator.  Naomi Watts is a marvelous actress (remember Mulholland Drive - speaking of Lynch), I can't say she has much to do in EP, but what she does have she does well.  An exceptionally well made film.s hands.  Like any iceberg, you know there's plenty going on in the background - but he does not show his cards.  Mortensen deserves consideration at Oscar time.  Another way this movie trumps every spaghetti shoot `em up you've ever seen is that there is very little violence, but what there is, is so very personal.  Hollywood has long ago forgotten that guns render murder cheap and trivial by making it a detached act.  In Eastern Promises, if I promise to kill you, I will, and during the last moments of your life you'll be staring right into my eyes.  Cronenberg understands what most directors do not, violence only compels if one cares about the victim, and at the very least, understand the personality of the perpetrator.  Naomi Watts is a marvelous actress (remember Mulholland Drive - speaking of Lynch), I can't say she has much to do in EP, but what she does have she does well.  An exceptionally well made film.
B00011F5DK|5.0|A wide variety of ages enjoy this game.  At our party, the ages ranged from 6 to 84 and all enjoyed the game --- learned it quickly, and enjoyed the challenge all evening.  It was such a hit that I gave Blokus as Christmas gifts.
B000P6YNSE|5.0|This is one of my favorite TV shows.  It's creative and exciting.  The third season was a bit odd at times, but the mystery goes on. Exciting show and I have all three seasons.
B000ANVPPQ|5.0|The product arrived just as promised. It was packed very well and arrived very fast. I had no problems with this purchase and I would advise anyone to buy from this seller.
B00006LLLN|5.0|Alison Kraus is a genius in bluegrass. I don't like country western at all, and this album doesn't even have a hint of that in it. The musicianship and instrumentation on this album is melodious in a way that treats your ears! Recorded live in a theater in Kentucky, this album is worth every dime I spent on it!
B000I0QL82|4.0|The acting and music are fantastic and heart-warming.  Holiday Inn has been a family tradition for us for many years and we used to try to catch it on TV.  Now we will have this on-hand in a great format with a high quality presentation. We absolutely love this video!
0143038419|5.0|I bought 6 of these books after watching the author on Oprah.  I gave them to several friends and sisters and everyone is getting something out of it.  It's a good read, she's real and it's fun to travel along with her in her life and across the countries that she visits. I'm half way through, but appreciate the time I can find to get in one or two of the short chapters when I can.
B0001CCXZW|4.0|this is an incredibly good purchase! if you love gilmore girls this is a must have, actually if you love Gilmore Girls I don't know why you don't have this already. enjoy!
6305897786|4.0|This film has great mood!  It draws you in right from the start, and excellent opening credits!  Depp is good as usual, and Emmanuelle Seigner is the best thing about this film.  Her character is mysterious and supernatural.  As any good film, it keeps you interested, keeps you watching right up to the end.  However, the film's ending was NOT the payoff the rest of the film led me to expect.  Why Polanski decided to go with it is beyond me.  I know it is based on a book, which i do not know the ending of, but more could have been done with the \\"girl\\" character.  Shame.  I own it and do recommend viewing because for the most part it is very entertaining.
B000VWYJ8G|5.0|nice
B000VNMMRA|5.0|This is a fantastic DVD!! Yippee Kay Yay Mother F#$%%$#. Sorry I had to say that!
0143038419|5.0|I enjoyed author's depth in seeking out her own spirituality while maintaining a sense of humor and honesty about herself.  I felt she remained very real about herself in this and also that I grew in understanding (and acceptance) of my own inconsistencies.
B000VWYJ86|1.0|I had to return this DVD because it was defective on first play, right out of the box. The disk was covered with scratches and froze up constantly. I have had a consistent problem with DVDs from Amazon being damaged on arrival. They seem to be treated very roughly at some point in shipping, because the disks appear to have been scratched by the interior plastic of their cases. I wish I could comment on the content, but it was unwatchable.
0143038419|5.0|A must-read for all those struggling with who they are and how God fits into our daily lives.  Very inspriational book.
074325144X|4.0|I read ChiRunning on the recommendation of a good friend and was very glad I did. It was easy to read and my running has been more enjoyable ever since. Running is presented as a meditation with many aspects of technique to focus the attention on. I was happy to find that the author's technique did not differ much from the technique I had already developed. I haven't read any other running books or had any formal running instruction, so I don't know if he advocates any controversial elements. I gave two copies as Christmas presents to friends and family interested in running and meditation.
0684853523|5.0|An excellent book, both for Stephen King fans, and for writing aficionados.  King introduces the reader first to himself, his personal life story behind the writer we all know.  He shares the personal secrets of why he writes, and how he writes.  An absolute must-read for aspiring writers, no matter the genre.
B00122O34O|4.0|If indie movies feature low budgets, non-professional actors, and quirky, non-commerical  themes, the musicians on their soundtracks, if Juno's Kimya Dawson is any indication, feature singers who sound adamantly opposed to sounding too practiced or trianed.  WHile Dawson is not the only musician on the soundtrack, she is it's heart and soul: Her themes most echo those of the movie, and her themes most closely match those of hte moive. Even her voice sounds remarkably like the talented lead, Ellen Page.<br /><br />With Dawson, who sounds like she was plucked from a daycare center teaching sing-songy lyrics about love and hugs and kissy-face optimism, nothing could be worse than sounding like a SINGER.  Her style is to singing what prose poems are to poetry, the statement is more important than the \\"artifice\\" of a conventional singerly style. Her voice is insistently \\"natural,\\" with fits and starts and (one hopes) spontaneous giggles, and \\"real\\"-sounding emotion. Beauty lies simply in how natural and true one is, not measured against commerical or artistic yardsticks.<br /><br />So how does this play out?  For the most part, surprisingly well. Even with the juvenile lyrics (some of which sounds like it was taken from a poetry template), and the simple guitar work (on the thematic \\"Anyone else but you,\\" the lead's notes follow the melody and ignore the harmony), Dawson's work is infectious, playful, and addictive:  For all my \\"intellectual\\" objections, I listened to the CD for 4-5 straight days, and only on the fifth day could I no longer stand it.  I don't know whether Kimya Dawson's \\"natural,\\" \\"non-professional\\" voice is actually just as practiced as those who aspire to a more \\"beautiful\\" voice, but there's an undeniable power and a refreshing, naked reading in her unadorned vocals.  Moreover, not all of the songs remind one of a campfire grrls night out, and those that do conjure up true memories even for those of us who were last in junior high several decades ago. Although there's a little too much self-indulgency (Dawson sometimes wears bunny suits at her concerts-and bunny suits figure prominently in one of her songs, and there's an irrelevant reference to the little \\"turd\\" at the bottom of a boyfriend's underwear--yet more evidence of Dawson's infantile hippiedom), the music serves the movie well, and it's very listenable, enjoyable music. Judicious listening is recommended; however, lest the infectious quality makes you sick after repeated listenings.<br /><br />The soundtrack includes several has non-Kimya Dawson tunes, and most of these are excellent (even for those who disdain conventional musical talent). Songs more attuned to adult sensibilities include the Kinks' \\"Well-Respected Man\\" (although it's anti-conservatism/conformity mentality sounds pretty old by now), the druggy, ironic \\"Sonic Youth\\" take on an old Carpenters' single, and Mott the Hoople's (and David Bowie's) superb \\"All the Young Dudes (which fits the film much better than the Kinks' number). The Belle and Sebastian numbers are uneven, although \\"Expectations\\" inventive quality and Latin-tinged backing recalls L.A.'s legendary \\"Love.\\"  The Velvet Underground's \\"I'm Sticking to You\\" bridges the streams of juvenalia and sarcastic teen spirit.  Antsy Pants' \\"Vampire\\" is weird and delightful, although the pre-teen voices in the chorus sound fake: Youth is not always synonomous with authenticity.<br /><br />The worst song has gotta be Barry Louis Paliser's opening number (it also opens the film--be patient and don't leave the movie in the first ten minutes). For me, the best was not \\"Anyone Else but You\\" (althoug it may be the most romantic, and the song most congruent with film narrative), but the achingly beautiful cover of \\"Sea of Love\\" performed by \\"Cat Power.\\"  Sung to the simple accompaniment of what sounds like a harpsichord, it walks a fine, bittersweet line between despair and gratitude; drunk on its own emotion, it shows more than any other numberor style that simplicity can be powerful.e powerful.
B000VLE3GA|3.0|... seriously.  The box sets are a much better value, remastered and organized by Page himself.  If you're a purist, remastered copies of the individual albums are available and any single one does Zeppelin better justice than any compilation they will ever release.  Admittedly this is a powerful collection, although an unadventurous one that doesn't include lesser known but arguably more interesting tunes.  I suppose if you don't own a single Zeppelin CD and don't plan on owning more than one, you can't go wrong with this as a solid document of their better known moments.  But if you have more than a casual interest and want to know why they are considered pioneers of album oriented rock, over time this will end up being supplanted by their entire catalog.  Zeppelin's music does that to a person...
1881273156|5.0|An excellent book. I bought it for my parents, but I enjoy reading it too.  Excellent for anyone young and old.
B000TGCR4C|5.0|I like very much this movie, in art, direction interp. and very real drama it represent
B000P6YNSE|5.0|Bought as a Christmas gift for future son-in-law.He watches the show and absolutely loved this video as he has the first and second season.
B000MRAAJW|1.0|I bought this disk for my boyfriend who raved about the series after seeing it from a friend.  He has a brand new blue ray dvd player, plus a brand new 52 inch plasma tv at his house.  Yet somehow this disc doesn't play.  We tried it on my simple dvd player and it for sure didn't work there either.  So before buying this make sure you have the correct equipment.  I'm returning this as \\"it is not fully compatible with my existing system\\"  I'm nor sure whose system it is compatible with however.
B000SO7OL6|5.0|...and you might want to break open a bottle of champagne for you and your significant other because when you finish the scene and put this album in your cd player, the next 73 and 1/2 minutes will be laid-back singing by the golden jazz singer herself. Whether part of a combo (she also plays piano) or with the backing of the London symphony orchestra, you're in for a treat so enjoy.....
B00006CXSS|5.0|This is amazing!  Our purchase of the DVD set was delivered before the stated date of delivery, in new mint condition, and an amazing price to top everything off!  Band of Brothers has been one of our favorite mini series about WWII E Company, 506th Regiment, 101st Airborne.  We aren't fans about many mini series on TV, and this is worth the time to watch.  We recommend this to anyone who is interested in WWII history.  The actors themselves are very recognizable from movies and television shows, and watching them in this capacity was great.
B000I0QK74|4.0|Nothing better than JT's voice to evoke relaxed, easy listening....Great addition to your Christmas collection.
B00000F14B|4.0|This is a movie you must see. They don't make many good movies nowdays. Buy it, and totally get wrapped up in this. The people --characters and the acting are perfect.You'll find yourself humming the songs for weeks after you watch it.
031286504X|5.0|Matheson is the godfather of modern vampire horror, so it's no surprise that he packs such a powerful punch in this novel. After all, it has spawned three mainstream movie remakes, and none of which compare to the novel. Signs of success.<br /><br />My only regret is that the copy I purchased had a red decal on it advertising the Will Smith movie, though when I bought it the display image shows the original cover. Bummer on that.<br /><br />Worth reading, worth remembering. Movies don't stack up to this masterpeice.
B000I2J6K0|5.0|I am not much for exercise videos but being pregnant when it is cold outside, I needed to do something.  This video is excellent.  I was in shape prior to becoming preganant and it still added challenge to my workout.  I would recommend this video to all my friends.
B000TEUSJK|4.0|The Roman Empire history has always interested me.  Even though I have never seen this movie, I thought it was pretty good.  The picture was clear and crisp and very erotic for it's day.  Many of the scenes were dramatic.  And Helen Mirren was beautiful.  I highly recommend this flick.
B00070Q7VO|5.0|I bought this cd for my daughter. I am always listing to it as well. Its so nice to see music changing back to real singing again. He is a very good singer and I like his style as well. My daughters also like him as well as my mother.Its music we all agree on. We will buy more of his music.
B000I5X81K|5.0|I really like the first two Albums, Josh Groban[[ASIN:B00005RGNI Josh Groban]] and Closer[[ASIN:B0000CFW87 Closer]], so I bought the third album without even previewing any of the songs.  I was not disappointed.  This is one of the best albums he has made.  It's a nice mix of English language pop songs with Italian and Spanish language classical songs.<br />My favorite track is \\"So She Dances\\".  It's a waltz.<br />Be sure to purchase or download the two bonus tracks too \\"Verita\\" and \\"Awake.\\" [[ASIN:B000IU3XU6 Awake (Special Edition, CD/DVD)]]<br />If you like other works of Josh Groban, you'll really appreciate this one.<br />You'll also want to download \\"Remember\\" from the Troy soundtrack.[[ASIN:B000244F7I Troy: Music From The Motion Picture (Score)]]  Can't recommend it enough.
B000089CG8|4.0|Ashkenazy is a pet conductor of Decca's and has been for three decades or more, even though his recordings don't make much of an impression outside Britain, I imagine. He has sound, fi conservative musical instincts, like his friend and equal, Andre Previn, whose repertoire often overlaps Ashkenazy's. In this case, both have made reliable versions of Prokofiev's Romeo and Juliet ballet. Previn has the better orchestra in the LSO, but Ashkenazy has far better sound -- it's easy, detailed, and lush.<br /><br />I don't hear quite the exceptional qualities that the other reviewers have found here. (Sampling the Balcony Scene, for example, there's a lack of mystery, and Ashkenazy seems impatient to get through the opening moments that set the night atmosphere.) We're spoiled for choice with Romeo and Juliet. There are sizzling accounts of the two suites from Abbado and Salonen, both leading the stupendous Berlin Phil., and a profound one of Suite #2 from Mravinsky. The complete ballet has been authoritatively conducted by Gergiev and his Kirov Orchestra (if only Philips had given them more vivid sound). Decca has a virtuosic one with Maazel and the Cleveland Orch. that the Royal Phil. can't compete with.<br /><br />But Ashkenazy is in good form, and he does supply some thrills and spills along the way, making his version one of the most viscerally riveting when coupled to Decca's state-of-the-art digital sound. Without soaring to the heights, it's very recommendable.
B000UNYJXQ|4.0|It's message of health care is very timely during this season of primaries. Many canidates spend a lot of time on it, rightfully so. You can't really swallow Mike Moore whole however. He plays the right notes to touch your emotions & indignation. Americans just like us who have inadequate health insurance, have been cheated or simply denied health care are highlighted in an informative & entertaining manner. HMO's, who have no intention of paying benefits, hire legions of people whose sole job is to deny benefits. They are the biggest demon in this documentary. He takes pains to poke a stick in the eye of the United States over things that most of us hate such as socialism (read communism) universal health care & the French. We really love to hate the French<br />mostly for no good reason. I'd really be jealous of the Canadians, English & French if what he presents is true, especially in France. They basically have nanny-care for everyone, cradle to grave courtesy of the the national government. My favorite is mandatory five weeks paid vacation for all workers. He treads very lightly on the massive tax load on citizens of these countries. But when your health bills are all paid for & your stress level goes down & it doesn't seem like such a bad trade off. Countries with universal health care generally have healthier life styles & live longer. We have a lot of socialist<br />tendencies right here when you think of it, public schools, a cheap postal system, Amtrak, food stamps etc. Univeral health coverage when seen through Mike Moore's lens seems to make sense.
B000001G5L|4.0|You can't quite hear in this Beethoven Violin Concerto, fresh and elegant as it is, why Mutter went on to become the highest-paid soloist in classical music. There's not enough personal voice, as one learns by turning to her later reading, also on DG, with Kurt Masur. There, Mutter has glamoour and  style to die for, perhaps too much for Beethoven's lofty musical intentions. Her younger self was simpler and fresher, but both possess dead-on intonation and amazing technical polish.<br /><br />Whatever Karajan saw in his teenage protegee, he certainly spotted a future star. Condcutor and orchestra supply a masterful accompaniment, the best I've heard since Furtwangler's famous account with Menuhin in the post-war era. In keeping with his young soloist, Karajan keeps the accompaniment light, never overwhelming her. DG has reissued this CD with the same original jacket, I believe, but in newly remastered sound as part of its 2008 tribute to Karajan.<br /><br />Several reviewers idiotically complain about slow tempos when in fact Mutter and Karajan are not extreme for traditional (i.e., non-period) readings. Perhaps the suaveness of the orchestral textures and Karajan's subtle phrasing make the pace seem slower to some. I found it hypnotic and skilfully managed. The delicate but springy rhythms in the finale were delightful -- this is a hard movement to bring off -- adding to the overall impression of a charismatic if sometimes low-key reading.
B0007KVM32|5.0|As for the most regrettable thing, I cannot understand Russian at all. However, I bought one piece of another DVD for Japan before a little.  Thus I imagine it while watching a picture and appreciate it. Sound is very good for this Disk and seems to be in a movie theater at all.  I can be impressed with an atmosphere even if I do not understand a language.
B00005BKZJ|5.0|So enjoyed having added this classic to my collection of fantasy fables.  It was hard to find and I was surprised at the price.  After such a long  search, it was worth it.   I guess I have joined a \\"classics cult\\".  Charming, offbeat and watchable over and over.
0440238609|5.0|This is an absolutely phenomenal trilogy.  I had wanted to read \\"The Golden Compass\\" before seeing the film, and once I started I could not stop.  These books are an easy read, but they are incredibly worth it, full of content and imagery and really intelligent ideas.  I knew I wanted to read these when I read an interview with Phillip Pullman, in which he was amused that JK Rowling's work has been criticized for being \\"subversive towards Christian values\\" while his work has flown under the radar without any press coverage, and it is explicitly subversive and forces you to think.  This trilogy ius not sacrilegious for the sake of being sacrilegious - it merely is an attempt (and an amazing one at that) to disrupt some of the Christian hegemony force-fed to the younger generation.  These books were written in a direct response to overtly Christian works such as \\"The Chronicles of Narnia,\\" by Christian theologian CS Lewis.  These books are smart - they are not trying to be shocking or gratuitous, but rather exemplifying that children need to learn how to think, especially about the big issues, on their own.  Pullman's incredible, amazingly detailed and intricate child protagonists do this well, and the large cast of \\"supporting characters\\" is amazing as well.  Every character is painfully three dimensional, even when it would be easier for them to be monotonously simple.      The long and short of it is this:  This trilogy is great, for kids and adults alike.  It captivates the attention and really provokes independent thought and curiosity.  I have bought it for two people since I finished reading it, and recommended it to numerous others.    Finally, if you saw the film version of \\"The Golden Compass,\\" well these books are immeasurably better.  That is a horribly truncated and sanitized/neutered version that lacks so much of the strength the book and the entire trilogy offers.
B000V7O0GM|5.0|This HD DVD disc (along with its Blu-ray sibling) is the best way you can experience this excellent film in the comfort of your home.
B000WTNCQS|5.0|Excelent album and bonus tracks.    The DVD and documentary are not so good but U2 is my favorite group
B000VDDDY6|4.0|The restoration work that has been done here is fantastic. Paramount deserves two big thumps up for breathing new life to this classic series we all know and love. But while the new HD transfer and effect are stunning, this set has a few caveats:    1. Price. Even with Amazon's $60 off, this is an absolutely shameful price for one season of a 40-year-old TV series. I would accept some premium for the cost of the remastering work, but this is double the price of any other season, even in HD/BD.    2. Awful packaging. The case looks nice on a shelf, yes, but it's a pain to have to open the outer shell, remove the discs from the slipcase, then refer to the cards to find the right disc, and then remove it each time you want to see a certain episode. For a $200 list price set, you'd think they could afford more than $0.07 of cardboard.    3. Combo discs. Because of this, there is no disc art indicating which episodes are on a particular disc, and most of the supplements are on the standard DVD side. This is a blatant attempt to overcharge both HD DVD fans AND those just wanting a standard DVD.    Kudos to the restoration team - but whoever designed the packaging needs to be fired.
B000HIVIOW|5.0|There is nothing about this story that I don't love.  Visually beautiful, wonderful gentle humor, stirring images and a haunting, exceptional music soundtrack. Very satisfying.
0307387178|4.0|Interesting book.    No matter what you think of Chris McCandless' fatal adventure, you probably can find parts of his ideaology that you can identify with.    Through the first third of the book, i found Krakauers' non-chronological time line confusing, but then came to understand it, especially with the addition of all the similar characters in history who had perished in their own pursuits of the wild.  Without that, it would have been a slim book.
B000MQC9H4|5.0|This movie is great watch it because it is full of love. You will want to watch it over and over again.
B000ZQ6UBW|5.0|This film was a gripping, sensitive drama filled with romance, mystery, unexpected twists and all set in the historical setting of WWII.  A must for anyone wanting to share a great film on Friday night.
B000P6YNSE|5.0|If you're here, chances are you're already a fan of the TV series Lost.  Season two ended with a bang and the whole island in disarray with cast members captured and confusion everywhere.  Season Three starts out with all new ideas such as showing things from the perspectives of The Others.  Toward episodes 9 and 10 the season slows to a crawl and presents some of the most unsatisfying content that Lost has ever delivered.  The end of the season totally redeems itself though.  The buildup to, and the conclusion of ,season 3 is quite possibly the best television material that I have ever watched.  Lost does not disappoint and I can't wait for it to return at the end of January.
B00005JLKB|5.0|This show is really great.  It is fun to watch them back to back without commercial interruption too.  And I couldn't pass up the great deal on the price.
B000MRAAJW|5.0|This DVD has been a great addition to the family.  It makes sitting around the TV a wonderful, educational experience
B0001XAPZ6|5.0|Nausicaa was a great Miyazaki movie, as it speaks out about our connection to the earth and what damage we cause it. Another great movie by Miyazaki.
B000LC55F2|3.0|My wife keeps bringing home Hugh Jackman movies from work. When I ask her about it she just shrugs and says \\"he's cute\\" and adopts this wispy, far-off stare. It kind of figures too because I was always a big Punisher fan and was *never* at all fond of the X-Men supergroup. So with this review I'm going to put it all out on the table. Jackman, I'm putting you on notice!<br /><br />Now that that's out of my system I'll continue with my review of the hocus-pocus infused movie that is \\"The Prestige\\". I have not read the book which the movie was based upon, and I feel it's important to mention this because I tend to feel you can't really give the movie a fair shake until you've read the source material it's based upon. But judging from the other reviews it's safe to say that not many other people have either, so at least in this I'm not alone.<br /><br />The movie stars Christian \\"Batman\\" Bale and Hugh \\"Wolverine\\" Jackman as two competing magicians circa the turn of the 20th century. Bale's character, whose stage name is \\"The Professor\\", has an innate understanding of the mechanics of making magic tricks work. Jackman's character has a basic grasp of this but is much stronger in his theatrical flair for presenting his tricks. The two begin as apprentices to some retiring magician and get help from Michael Caine's character, whose job it is to design illusions, and the accoutrements thereof.<br /><br />After a tragic accident in which Bale's character inadvertantly kills Jackman's wife by tying the wrong knot around her wrists during a trick in which she's submerged in a locked tank of water, the two end up engaging in their own private war. The resulting animosity between the two is the central theme of the movie as each vies for position over the other and takes whatever course of action is necessary (legal or otherwise...mostly otherwise) to get the upper hand. Jackman is at times reluctant to take the proverbial Nestea plunge, however, as he recognizes Bale's intuitive grasp for creating illusion, especially his famed \\"Transported Man\\" trick. For most of the movie Jackman tries various schemes to unlock the secret himself through observation and outright espionage.<br /><br />Somehow thrown into the mixture is fabled Russian tech-geek Nicolai Tesla, played by David Bowie. I didn't even realize it was him...heck, when I saw his name on the front cover of the DVD case the next day I looked over at my wife and said \\"David Bowie was in this? Who the heck was he?\\". Seriously, unless someone points him out to you he won't be recognizable, although you will be easily able to pick out Andy Serkis, aka Gollum, who plays his wheedling assistant. At any rate Jackman's quest for the ultimate magic trick leads him to Mr. Tesla, who builds for him an electrical machine, which has some very unintended side effects on its user.<br /><br />The conclusion of the movie led both my wife and I to cock an eyebrow and give the TV screen a sort of \\"Um...ok\\" kind of look. I would say that the average \\"deep\\" cinema experience doesn't really bother me, but this was just an overall weird and surreal experience. The movie is very dark in nature and explores how far our obsessions will make us go. This, coupled with the already mystical nature of the illusory magic trade, makes for a gritty and otherworldly combination. It was clear that the director didn't want this to be a simple good vs. evil tale, as there is no one character who stands out as being a protaginist, although Caine's character seems to be the only one who has a working conscience. The end result is that you have a movie with no characters you really like or feel any compelling connection with. These are sickos on the screen and they make no pretense about being anything other than what they are. This is something that's going to appeal strongly to certain people and completely turn off others. My wife and I are in the latter group.<br /><br />In addition to the already mentioned dark aspects of the story, the film has no coherent sense of timeline. The story takes you through several time shifts to the past and future via the use of the tried and true, Hollywood Tested, mother approved \\"flashback\\" sequence system. This movie has more flashbacks than a gathering of hippies at a forest mushroom eating convention. There was once or twice in the movie where a flashback had its own flashback to make it really confusing. Even when the movie got to its conclusion I wasn't sure what the heck had happened, or especially when. Visually this is an eye-candy laced movie. The effects are dazzling and the cinematography is spectacular. Tesla's machine is probably the most impressive sequence in the lot and really brings much to the movie. I'd love to see this in the Blu Ray format, at least certain scenes of the movie.<br /><br />Overall this was just one weird film. This is the second or third time my wife has brought Wolverine home, but given the eccentric nature of the films she's had on our TV screen I'm not sure how much longer that will last. Even she said \\"Ok, that's it. I'm not bringing home any movies anymore\\". Take that, Jackman! :Dof timeline. The story takes you through several time shifts to the past and future via the use of the tried and true, Hollywood Tested, mother approved \\"flashback\\" sequence system. This movie has more flashbacks than a gathering of hippies at a forest mushroom eating convention. There was once or twice in the movie where a flashback had its own flashback to make it really confusing. Even when the movie got to its conclusion I wasn't sure what the heck had happened, or especially when. Visually this is an eye-candy laced movie. The effects are dazzling and the cinematography is spectacular. Tesla's machine is probably the most impressive sequence in the lot and really brings much to the movie. I'd love to see this in the Blu Ray format, at least certain scenes of the movie.     Overall this was just one weird film. This is the second or third time my wife has brought Wolverine home, but given the eccentric nature of the films she's had on our TV screen I'm not sure how much longer that will last. Even she said \\"Ok, that's it. I'm not bringing home any movies anymore\\". Take that, Jackman! :D
0552998877|4.0|This  book goes by a different  name in Europe. Be aware that it may be the same as another title.
B000031XCR|5.0|Words cannot even begin to describe how beautiful and inspirational these songs are. Celine Dion seriously has the voice of an angel. Just about every single song on this soundtrack will warm your heart, lift your spirits, and, if you're sentimental, bring a tear or two to your eyes. I absolutely adore Celine Dion. She is without a doubt my most favorite female soloist of all time, and I hope she'll continue to sing for many years to come. Her voice (and her talent) is one in a million.
B000W07EKW|3.0|I got this because it was a great price, considering Ultimatum had just been released and it was only a little bit more for the set than I expected(rather than just buying ultimatum). I already had the first two films and was looking forward to the bonus disc. It was pretty dissapointing and not worth it. The cover box is nice but dents and scratches easily. The bonus disc is just 3 interview type shorts. I would have rather gone with the bestbuy exclusive edition which is supposed to have a metal case and bonus features that sound more interesting. This is a good set if you don't already have the movies, but the bonus disc is just a bonus disc and nothing special or something to look forward to. I don't know if its just me, but weren't these interviews already on the movies special features anyway? hmm maybe its an extention of the interview. Pretty boring either way.
B000N6TYLW|5.0|Everything is great!  I got it before Christmas and all of it is perfect,  great price!
B00006DEFA|5.0|I cant say I know the times I saw this movie standing there on the Blockbuster stand... but believe me when I say there were a lot. What do we know about Mozart? Well, almost any human being can tell he was a great composer, but I bet you couldn't say at least 3 songs or operas made by him...<br />Finally a few days ago I decided to give it a chance, well I must say that I have been missing a masterpiece for quite a long time.<br />The music, the actors... everything is just perfect. Tom Dulce makes a perfect interpretation of Mozart, hi laugh is just so original and so unique... showing his unique personality and the fact that as almost any genius of our history, Mozart raised some enemies and was not understood by his peers.<br />I really liked this movie, and if you haven't seen it, you should, I know it lasts 3 hours but they are worthy. You won't find too many notes on this movie...<br />If you have seen it, then buy it and see it as many times as you want...<br />Maybe, as happen to me, you will end up wanting to know more about Mozart, because I even got some cds and a biography to read...
B000TENGUI|4.0|I know that placebo took a few years to make this album. I love the band amazing and always suprising in live shows , Very deicated to fans . But I can only give this album a 4 out of five . It's a wonderfully addictive album with a dark erotic twist of Mellencollie . It's delightful  but just not as dark as the earlier albums.
0143038419|4.0|One of the reasons I found myself so engrossed in this memoir of a woman's year of travel through Italy, India and Indonesia is because Liz Gilbert is a very funny person. Though she is writing about a deeply personal and often internal journey, she does so with enough intelligence and self-depreciating wit that the book is a true pleasure to read. Within just a few pages, I found myself so engaged by her vivacious personality I wished I knew her personally.<br /><br />I had mixed feelings about the middle section of the book, in which she spends four months at the ashram of her Indian guru. Being painfully aware of the hazards of guru relationships, reading about someone who is very into a guru can be difficult for me. To her credit, when she describes her spiritual explorations and the time she spent at the ashram, she remains focused more on her own process of growth and the people she meets in the ashram than on the guru herself. Ms. Gilbert has the capacity to find powerful stories to tell no matter where she is, so this book is always interesting. I just hope that at some point she decides to go back to India and write about all the other fascinating things she didn't get to see by staying at the ashram the whole time.
B000MRAAJW|5.0|This is a marvelous series of the planet earth and water.  I would reccomend it to anyone.
B000Q6GX5Y|4.0|This is your typical hack and slash movie.  With lots of blood and gore.  It doesn't have the best story and acting, but if you like that type, this is the best of the genre.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|Moore might be a bit of a sensationalist, but the underlying facts are true.  Sad that an industrialized nation sees fit to treat their citizens this way.  Watch this one, then consider looking into dual citizenship.
B000N0WCLC|3.0|Saw this in the theater and bought the bluray to see it again.  Image quality is excellent, enjoyed the movie.  The only bad part about the bluray was that the extras were in standard definition.  When you buy a bluray and expect it to be hidef and parts of it is in standard definition, it is annoying and unacceptable.  The movie got a good score from me, but the content gets a 2.  So overal I'll give it a 3.
B00062ZE44|5.0|It is just absolutely amazin to hear her voice, so smooth, strong, soul reachin and beautiful...She is can make her voice really strong yet not overpowering and just pulls the listener in, love that it has edge and power yet sweet!
B0002VEPRQ|5.0|Now that I have a young child, I wanted to make sure he grew up with the same classics I did.  Mary Poppins is a timeless classic with some of the greatest songs for childhood.
0790729350|5.0|Great way to spend an evening with the whole family, young and old.  Brought back alot of memories.
B000P6YNSE|5.0|This item came in perfect condition and was mailed in a timely manner.  I love the \\"Lost\\" series and if anyone has not watched it they are missing a great television series.  I have all of the past episodes and getting ready to start watching the next series on television on January 23 when it begins again.
B0001DI0FI|5.0|If you like war,naval sea,history and strategy movies, do not miss this one. Master and Commander will be your Number 1 movie for this category..  Russel Crove is at his best along with Gladiator where he puts out the smart captain character smoothly along with the story. Have been watching this movie twice a month since I have bought it. Do not hesitate and add this item to your shopping cart and your collection, you will be happy for sure...
B000P2A24W|5.0|Like most reviewers I agree there is not a bad song on this album.  However 'We Got It Going On' alone is worth the price of admission.  I've never been a fan of Bon Jovi until I heard 'Have a Nice Day'.  Now with 'Lost Highway' Bon Jovi has finally found the kind of music where he excels. A great mix of rock and country.
0790731940|5.0|I love this movie.  I can't believe I waited so long to purchase it.
1400063515|5.0|Well written and a necessary book for every investor.  He explains in easy to understand detail, why the mathmatical assumptions of current investing are not valid and why you should change your investing mentality.  In today's market this is essential reading.
B000025XX0|3.0|Looking back at the 1970s, sometimes many forget how big the band Queen was.   Even as Queen moved into the 1980s, while their popularity did slightly decline in the United States, it continued to be very high in Europe.   Their performance at Live Aid is widely considered one of the greatest of all-time and their subsequent \\"Magic\\" tour is considered one of the all-time greatest concert tours.    If it weren't for Freddie Mercury's death in 1991, we might still be talking about Queen being as big a band as the Beatles.   Numerous compilation albums are available containing much of Queen's music.    The period from 1974-1980 is considered the period where Queen achieved its most popularity - especially in the United States.   Following 1980, Queen's popularity continued, but this was mostly in Europe.  However, there was a lot of good music still done by Queen, thus continuing their legacy.    In 1981, Queen released an album \\"Greatest Hits\\" covering that 1974-1980 period.  Ten years later, Queen would release a second greatest hits collection - \\"Greatest Hits Volume II\\", that would cover the post 1980 period until Mercury's death in 1991.    Queen is an example of the sum of the parts actually being greater than the whole.  However, if you take each of the four members of Queen, they easily stand on their own as a top musician in their profession.   Freddie Mercury is easily known to be the emotional and flamboyant lead vocalist of Queen who indeed has a legendary voice.   Brian May is the legendary lead guitarist and probably the second most popular member of the band.   Roger Taylor and John Deacon go extremely underrated.   Listen to Taylor's thundering drumming in the studio or live and one can easily understand why he was asked to participate in an All Star Drum Jam (The S.O.S. All-Stars) at the Live Earth concert.   As for John Deacon, he might be one of music's all-time underrated bass players.  Many of his bass lines have proven to be the foundation for Queen's musical sound.   In addition to being top musicians, all four members play integral roles in the songwriting.    The first \\"Greatest Hits\\" was released in 1981.  While Queen released nine albums from 1973 through 1980, they considerably slowed the pace in the 1980s.  Much of this was due to solo efforts by the band (such as Freddie Mercury's \\"Mr Bad Guy\\") and then due to Freddie's illness in the late 1980s.  \\"Greatest Hits Volume II\\" covers the five albums from 1981 to 1991.  These albums include: \\"Hot Space\\" (\\"Under Pressure); \\"The Works\\" (\\"Radio Ga Ga\\", \\"I Want to Break Free\\", \\"It's a Hard Life\\", \\"Hammer to Fall\\");  \\"A Kind of Magic\\" (\\"A Kind of Magic\\", \\"Who Wants to Live Forever\\", \\"Friends Will be Friends\\", \\"One Vision\\"); \\"The Miracle\\" (\\"I Want it All\\", \\"Breakthru\\", \\"The Miracle\\", \\"The Invisible Man\\"); \\"Innuendo\\" (\\"Innuendo\\", \\"Headlong\\", \\"I'm Going Slightly Mad\\", \\"The Show Must Go On\\")    One thing that disappoints me about this collection is that the songs are not ordered in chronological order.  One reason why I like greatest hits collections to be chronologically ordered is because it often shows how a band has progressed over time.   Queen originally started as a good mix of progressive rock and early heavy metal.   Queen would eventually move away from their progressive roots and incorporate a variety of other types of musical genres including a more theatrical type of element, a pop element, rockabilly, and even Dance/Disco (as demonstrated on the \\"Hot Space\\" album)  The shuffling of the order of these sounds really takes away from seeing how Queen evolved and progressed their sound in the 1980s.    Quality-wise, one cannot complain about the content of the music in this collection.     This contains some of Queen's most popular songs and shows them at their musical apex (I personally think Queen really peaked in the early 1980s).   However there are other greatest hits versions to consider.    - \\"Greatest Hits Volume I\\":  As mentioned this covers theperiod from 1974 through 1980 - \\"Queen II\\" through \\"Flash Gordon\\".  - Greatest Hits Volume III\\": This covers latter material on the band.  It focuses on collaborations with other artists (such as Elton John and George Michael) as well as solo material and unreleased material by the band.    There are several other compilations available.   \\"Greatest Hits Volume I and II\\" is a mix between the UK version of \\"Greatest Hits\\" and \\"Greatest Hits Volume II\\".  \\"The Platinum Collection\\" includes all three volumes of the greatest hits collection.   \\"The Crown Jewels\\" is a boxed set that includes all Queen's first eight albums in their entirety (but doesn't include anything from \\"Volume II or III\\".   There are also many other Queen compilations out there that contain a variety of different permutations of their hits.    The important thing is while \\"Greatest Hits Volume II\\" contains a lot of good music, a fan would much be better served getting either the \\"Volume I and II\\" compilation or \\"The Platinum Collection\\".  Both of these compilations will contain much more bang for your buck.  The \\"Volume I and II\\" and \\"Platinum Collection\\" compilations will also provide you with some of the outstanding earlier and rare material.   The only way I'd recommend picking up Queen's \\"Greatest Hits Volume II\\" is if you have a niche to get a sampling of Queen's music post 1981.       On a side note, I was disappointed that more music from \\"Hot Space\\" wasn't included.  While many didn't like Queen's Dance/Disco direction, it still showed that Queen wasn't afraid to explore different genres.   Overall, the music is good, but as mentioned, I'd recommend the more complete collections.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|If you like Friends and want to have all the DVDs then this is great. The only minor complaint that I have is that the DVDs are organized not by season but simply numbered and placed in one of six mini \\"books\\". Each book has portraits of one of the cast members so I understand why they decided to do do it this way, but sometimes it's a bit hard to find the right DVD if you are used to looking by season. But hey, it's only a minor inconvenience.
B000P46QTA|5.0|Great foreign flick!  The plot is pretty twisted and makes for an intriguing movie.  As long as you don't mind reading subtitles and figuring out which German name goes with which guy, get this movie.
1881273156|5.0|This book is the best investment you can make in your relationship, whether you are close friends, dating, newlyweds, or married for 25 years!  The concept is so simple, yet most couples don't have a clue, and true communication and happiness eludes them.  Dr. Chapman puts it in terms that everyone can understand and relate to.      This book was \\"required reading\\" for my fiance, and it honestly saved our relationship!  It's FAR cheaper than marriage counselling, and certainly divorce.  Every couple should read it! I've been recommending this book to everyone I know, as it's the best money you'll ever spend!
B00006CXSS|5.0|This is by far one of the very best series I've ever seen.  I very strongly encourage anyone considering buying this to trust all of the reviews (both professional and consumer reviews) and go ahead with your purchase.  You absolutely cannot go wrong by getting this.
0307275639|5.0|This book undoubtedly changed my life. 'Nuff said.     Before my grandmother fell ill with senile dementia, I was too young to really understand/know her. She passed away a little over a year ago and I cried; I cried because I didn't know who she was, yet she still meant so much to me.     The descriptions I've been given describe her to have been blunt and funny, yet philisophical and knowing of the meaning of life. In other words, she was a heck of a lot like Morrie.    Through this book and the film based on it, I got to know my grandmother as others knew her; and that is something I will never forget.    This book changed my perspective of life; I hope it can do the same for you.
B000W07EKW|5.0|This was a Christmas gift and I'm happy to say that it arrived extremely fast. It was for my son, so I have not watched it.
B0000025T6|5.0|If you have ever professed to enjoy springsteens music - then you should own this album.  Growing up in NJ, Bruce was a requirement - so all the big albums, born to run, born in the usa, darkness, etc.. all required reading.  then all of sudden bruce goes and delivers Nebraska - absolutely blown away.  complete departure from previous works, it was a stark and deep album.  you saw some of the darker themes in The River, but this took it all the way with songs like Johnny 99, Nebraska, State Trooper, etc.  With Born in the USA i kind of felt like springsteen had completely sold out, and pretty much grew out of his music - but the power of this album stays with you - and reminds you what an accomplishment this really was , and what a ballsy move the guy took to literally take his craft completely out of its comfort zone and make an album that will never really fit with his overall body of work.  and thats just fine with me.
B000002L99|4.0|This is plain and simple the best product ever put on a display shelf by Eddie Van Halen & Co.  \\"Love walks in\\" is one of the best ballads I have ever heard and \\"Dreams\\" is a very powerful song with a great message...it's a great tune to put on very high in your stereo while driving to the beach.....Sammy Haggar rocks....Eddie Van Halen NOT!!
0440238609|5.0|The provider from which I ordered this trilogy was excellent in delivery time and manner of delivery.  The Trilogy is fantastic!  The film, as happens with most films, doesn't do justice to the intricacy and dynamics of the novels.  The only critique I have is regarding the ending of the last novel in the trilogy...it ends with what strikes me as heavy-handed moralizing.  Kinda beating a dead horse.  But Philip Pullman is a superb author and has much to say about the current state of our world.
1401302378|4.0|The bad news is that this book is really a long magazine article, which possibly reflects Chris Anderson's daytime job, editing \\"Wired\\". The Long Tail feels padded and lacks the substance of a real book. Too many of the examples are repeated.<br /><br />The good news is that the one or two insights of the book really are insightful.<br /><br />We've all heard the 80-20 rule of thumb that 80% of the wealth is health by 20% of the people. (The two numbers don't have to add up to 100 BTW, but we'll pass on that.) The distribution of wealth scales. In a total economy worth one billion dollars for one hundred thousand people, that means that the richest 20,000 people have 800 million dollars. But the rule can be applied to a situation as many times as we wish. 20% of 20,000 is 4,000 people who would have 80% of 800 million, or 640 million. We apply it again and find that 800 people have 512 million.<br /><br />When you plot this on a graph, you'll find yourself drawing a curve that is very thick at the left (the rich few at the head) and peters out to a long thin tail (the many poor). This is called a power law distribution and many processes in nature and in economics follow it, in particular for consumer markets. Wal Mart & Sears are in the left's fat head, while the fusion jazz record store is in the curve's tail on the right.<br /><br />Anderson's insight is that the internet has thickened the long tail for markets. Fifty years ago if you wanted to listen to Ethiopean jazz, you had one option: fly to Ethiopia. Thirty years ago you had the second option of going to import jazz record shops in large cities. Today, you can live in Medecine Hat, Alberta and instantly order Ethiopique No. 4 from Amazon. The demand was always there: in a population of millions there's always one or two eccentrics who want something unusual. More than that, in a population of millions on top of the ordinary necessities found in the fat head, everyone wants something special that belongs in the long tail. The long tail is thickening and the 21st century's gold mine is probably in it.<br /><br />Vincent Poirier, Dublinis thickening and the 21st century's gold mine is probably in it.    Vincent Poirier, Dublin
B000RZGFYS|5.0|Just as good as \\"South as Heaven\\". These two are Slayers best two offerings. A must purchase for those who lust for speed metal at its finest! The cords on this CD are even faster than Skeezer of Royal Sin and UPM. Just as the CD says...  \\"Mosh to the Kingdom of the Dead\\"
0307120007|4.0|I thought about getting this book for years before actually buying it. Wish I hadn't waited - it's absolutely adorable! Completely interactive - every page has something different for children to do. Not just a \\"feel the textures\\" book, this one has your child playing peek-a-boo, smelling flowers, putting their fingers through a ring, looking in the mirror, reading \\"Judy's book\\" (yes, a book within a book), and of course, feeling Daddy's scratchy face and patting the bunny. At the end, the two kids wave bye-bye.     Just a great book. My 10-month-old loves it and actually cries for it. She can do most of the things (won't smell flowers yet). Even my 3-yr-old wants me to read it to her. The only thing wrong with it is the plastic comb format. The book is so delicate, so fragile, that we have it stored up high in its box (which was stepped on already). I think my baby could demolish the book in about two seconds flat if given the opportunity.
1401207529|5.0|If you're only going to own one graphic novel, this should be it.  Frank Miller's writing is cold, realistic, and wonderful.  David Mazzucchelli's art is non-traditional but realistic and amazing.
B000UR9TRS|4.0|This HD DVD contains a concert footage and a mini movie by the group Led Zepplin.  The video and sound quality for the concert footage are outstanding(A+), but the mini movie didn't get much of an upgrade (B-).  The remastered HD DVD and Blu-ray movie were recalled due to some licensing issue.  I got this through Ebay.
B00003CXHJ|1.0|Hang on. The Americans hadn't entered the war by the time the Enigma Machines were recovered. I'm sure the British families of the Royal Navy sailors who did recover the machines might find this film a bit upsetting.
B000TDFKVW|5.0|While this CD doesn't have the easy flow of going from one song to another like previous full albums like MCMXC A.D., LSD - Love Sensuality Devotion does offer some of the more popular songs created by this fantastic artist, and places them easily at your finger tips for enjoyment. For the true fan, this \\"greatest hits\\" style album is a pleasant treat.
B0001IN07Q|5.0|An amazing young man who appeals to a wide audience.  He will be remembered as an equal to those whose songs he sings and \\"makes his own\\".
B000VI70WM|4.0|I own most of DD albums and like most fans I prefer old stuff from their early era. After a deceiving decade in the 90s, they came back with the original line-up and the great album Astronaut a few years ago.    Now the guitarist Andy Taylor has left and the band is back with a totally new kind of creation, Red Carpet Massacre, featuring Timbaland and Justin Timberlake (something I would never have expected). Clearly, the band tried to adapt their mucical style to the 2000s tendency. I think the result has worth it. The album features very interesting tracks and sounds fresh, innovative and creative. But it is not for everyone. If you're looking for songs like Hungry Like The Wolf or Save a Prayer, you will be totally lost !!     The album sounds like a creation by a new band except for Lebon's voice and Nick Rhodes synths. If you're a fan you might recongnize the bass line style of John Taylor.     I would recommend people to listen to the album before buying it ! I think this is the kind of \\"love it or hate it\\".
B000J233SK|3.0|After Enya, Norah Jones and Yanni, the roster of New Age musicians becomes decidely less famous.  One popular New Age artist is Loreena McKennitt.  Her music, like her ancestry, is Celtic though many of the themes are reminescent of Enya.  Her most famous work is The Mummer's Dance, a staple of pop radio stations in the late 1990s, and the feature work on this album.  The other works are also good, but none as great as The Mummer's Dance.  The album itself only has eight works, making this a short album for the purchase price.  Each of the works are unique, some are instrumental while others include singing.   The music is appropriate background music while reading or eating dinner.  Overall, an OK album.
0380733358|5.0|[[ASIN:B000A176VU Eye of The Needle]]  This is the third time that I have read this book and it is still a heart thumper.  I enjoy historical novels and since my father was in England during this time, I found it to be very authentic.
B000002OX7|5.0|Another who album that needs no hype. From vinyl to cassette and now on CD, I never tire of listening to the classic songs on this album. As an added extra, there are some more songs on this version not found on the vinyl and cassette versions I had. The Who were pioneers of rock in their day, and today while some may consider the material a bit tame for current times, in my opinion, it stands head and shoulders above the material these people think of as being \\"better\\". The Who.....Long Live Rock!!
015603252X|4.0|This mixture of biography with the history of the birth and growth of Israel is a wonderful, warm , and poignant tale--well worth one's time.
B000BO0Q8G|5.0|I bought this as a Christmas gift for my fiance.  His eyes lit up as soon as he opened it and realized what it was.  He says it was the best gift he got this year.  It includes all his favorite songs and even a bonus dvd on the life of Bob Marley.
B000AWYOGE|2.0|The title should have warned me...dark water is murky, and so is this plot.  Depressing story has no real redeeming qualities except for the acting.
B000WQWPKA|5.0|First i'd like to say that the user complaining about how it seems that the rest of the world in the movie isn't affected failed to remember the scene where EVERY MAJOR NATION IN THE WORLD COORDINATED A GLOBAL AERIAL ASSAULT ON THE ALIENS WITH THE USA VIA MORSE CODE.     But to review this movie, its one of my all time favorites, you can't go wrong with it and this will be an extremely worthy addition to your growing Blu-Ray collection. Enjoy!
B000MRA5NS|5.0|Although I already own DVD, but just can't help buying Blu-ray version.  It's worthy and you should never miss the most tough James Bond ever.
B000MRAAJW|5.0|Excellent VQ, less than stellar audio presentation. Highlly recommended for nature buffs. Buy the BBC version over the S. Veaver narration. Saw the Weaver version on the Discovery Channel and her voice almost put me to sleep.....Buy the Blu-Ray for a few eextra $$. Bought mine thru Amazom marketplace for $33 shipped. Received in excellent condition.    Buy this is either SD or HD. Nice for the kids to see.
078617286X|5.0|We've purchased the CD version, and every time we get in the car, the kids (ages 7 and 10) ask if they can hear more history.  I can't imagine any parent not enjoying hearing those words!  The book is highly focused on European history and the German experience, but it's all interesting.   My son thought it was cool to know the background of the author and how he came to write the book before hearing the rest of it read; that gives perspective to certain things.  Opinions definitely seep in, but I didn't find any of them bothersome.  The main thing the CD collection is missing is any sort of index.  A CD may end in the middle of a chapter.  So, it is difficult to go back to particular points in history.  It pretty much has to be listened to in order.  An amazing story, however.  Our history, beautifully read.
B000JJSJR8|4.0|Excellent upgrade from the SD-DVD. Recommended buy! Too bad HD is going to die.. Great movie to the book and American Justice-Vegas and the Mob which aired on A&E.
0061547832|5.0|This book is motivating and inspirational. It is advice that anyone can use to ensure success in their chosen profession ----- whether the person is a stay-at-home mom, an entrepreneur or someone looking to move up in his/her career. Though the title is a bit shocking (my local librarian glared at me when I asked for the book by name), you will find lots of intelligent and invaluable advice.  It's a reading that will have you laughing out loud at times as both men describe some of their experiences and methods. Though I don't believe, as Mr. Trump does, in blatant revenge for a wrong, I do appreciate the subtext of the idea that one should make it clear that there will be WILL be consequences for infractions.
0143038419|3.0|I thought that this very advertised book was going to be more sophisticated.  Great message, just a little slow at getting there.
B000VKJ6VS|5.0|I love melodies, harmonies, crunchy guitar and above all LYRICS.    This album has all of the above, in spades and with overkill like a panzer attack with airstrikes and a nuke finisher.    Miles Kennedy smokes everyone ever, Robert Plant can retire now. Mark Tremonti? Jimmy Page can retire, too.    Yes, I am a creed fan but it's obvious now that Tremonti was the genious there.    Buy This Now. Or you should just go play shuffleboard in the old folk's home - and I'm 48.
0694003611|5.0|A classic! I read this book many times to my daughter, who is now 15. I ordered it for my nephew. \\"Modern Moms\\" might not be aware of Margaret Wise Brown's books, so let's carry on the tradition!
B00000AFWZ|5.0|There have been many classic albums that I would have loved to have listened to on their release but was too young: Led Zeppelin iv, Sgt Pepper, Dark Side of the Moon (you get the idea). However, I can imagine what that may have been like when I took a punt on this box set after seeing a great review in a British music magazine. Having not really heard music from this genre/era before it was an absolute revelation to me and took me to a new level in my appreciation of rock and pop. As a teenager in the late 70s in Britain I grew up with the punk ethos of the Pistols, Clash, Damned, Buzzcocks, X-Ray Spex etc... and found a similar vibe in the music on this box set. As with the other Nuggets compliations you get a real impression that this has been lovingly and painstakingly put together by people who really know the music. So as you can guess I cannot recommend this too highly. If you don't know this stuff you're in for a treat, it'll be a thoroughly welcome addition both to your collection and your musical knowledge.
B000JK8OYU|5.0|A wonderful new way to listen to the Beatles.  Martin is masterful in his blending of Beatles songs.  This is a must have for any Beatles fan!
1594489505|4.0|This book was very engrossing.  Provided a very informative view of life in Afghanistan.  If you liked Kite Runner you will love this book.
B000MGB6M8|5.0|MOST OF YOU PEOPLE HERE SAW THIS MOVIE ALREADY BUT NOT ALL OF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN THE BLURAY VERSION WHICH HAS GREAT PICTURE QUALITY
0143038419|5.0|Wonderfully written, moving, funny, yet serious, and inspiring. A fantastic read for both women and men.
B000002AQQ|5.0|Love the movie...you'll love this soundtrack...follows the movie, track for track. I love this era of music as well...listen as it transends through time.  You'll love this CD...just try it!
B000YXMMAE|4.0|The debut, a lousy grunge-wannabe with a classic supposed-one-off `Creep'.  Who'd a thought a second was imminent, let alone a 15-year eminence? My indifference to them manifested only scantly; `The Bends' rocked more or less, but was at least more tuneful than its predecessor; the rest of their canon too art-house for their own good, with occasional glimpses of both brilliance and frustration, imagination and sleep apnea, with `OK Computer' the standard to which all their releases unfairly are mirrored, never mind that `OK Computer' was a snoozefest.  So why do I find myself appreciating `In Rainbows' more than any other Radiohead release? Well, perhaps because it's a mixture of their two disparate, rarely gelled dichotomies - the pop-tunesmith with mellifluous melodies juxtaposed with their avant-garde geek-dom their hipster claque worship. Or, perchance, it is because after bordering for years on self-parody it's the least self-parodying of their catalogue - despite (or in spite) of its pretensions.  Of course, sticking it to the man via commerce endears it all the more.  My grade:  A-
B000NVIXDW|5.0|An excellent CD. One that can be heard over and over again. Very relaxing and well recorded
B000051VWW|1.0|Nothing is more brain atrophying than being conned by someone you initially had such hopes for.  For 15 years before the release of 'Lovers Rock' in 2001, I've grasped onto an iota of desperation that she will at the very least equal her enjoyable-cum-guilty pleasure debut in 1985.  But all that's manifested every few years - as well as on 'Lovers Rock' - is a DOA compendium of lethargic tunes whispered in a voice so consistent in its tone-deaf monotony it's actually soporific.  As usual, the band's competence is in tact, grooving along to its fullest groove, brought way down by Ms. Adu's emotionless non-voice.  You wake up from slumber unperturbed; you stretch your arms in new relaxation...only to feel conned all over again.  My grade: C+
B00006AVRK|5.0|This is my favourite TV series ever. Hugh Laurie and Stephen Fry are hilarious as Wooster and Jeeves. Good clean humour that just makes a person laugh out loud!
B000002UAO|3.0|I needed the song \\"In My Life\\"  This was one of the few that had it for a reasonable price.  Thanks to Michael J. (I'm pretty sure) you can't purchase any of the Beatles via Napster, etc.  A friend really wanted it played during his 50th birthday party slideshow.  The show/party went well, the music was just what he wanted so I'm pretty happy.  I ordered it one day and it was delivered the next.  Too bad tho, in this day and age we still have to buy a whole CD for just one song.  Thanks alot Michael.  When I was five, you were my 5 year old hero so cute and talented...Look at you now...Dude, REALLY...Sell the rights to Paul!
B000X1Z0BU|5.0|This original, well-written and produced film is a warm story of a relationship that unexpectedly develops between two musicians.  One of the best new films I've seen in years.
B000OVLNII|5.0|I was at first, put off by the length. However Team of Rivals kept my interest. It was Intriguing and informative.
B0000AUHPG|5.0|spectacular performance of Charles Bronson and Claudia Cardinale, Jason Robards as well as Henry Fonda under \\"leading tone\\" of Sergio Leone.
B000Y7ZHCU|5.0|If you are a Celine Dion fan, you NEED this music video!  I never got to go to Vegas to see her show, so at least I can watch her make her music magic on this DVD.  As you know, she is spectacular!  And in the video I get to see her much closer than would have been possible (at least for me) at her show.  I watch it on my high def TV and it is wonderful.
B000NVIXDW|5.0|This CD is so good that although I bought it for my wife ( with the knowledge that he is her favorite artist ); I really enjoyed the CD too. Michael has it all.....great voice, great phrasing, etc. I know how good he is as evidenced by the fact that my wife & my 21 year old niece are huge fans of his. This CD is Buble at his best.
B000K15VSA|5.0|This was a Christmas gift for my 30 year old son.  He loved it!  It's been a long time since I have seen him so excited.  If you are a real fan of this cult classic like my son (we had to visit the Bradbury building a few years back on a trip to Los Angeles so he could see where part of the movie was filmed), then treat yourself to this 25th anniversary special edition.
B0006FO8RA|5.0|This cd is great.  It is full of Britney's hits.  Not a bad song on it.
B000MV8AE0|5.0|Ed Harris as Beethoven was phenominal, as even knowing it was him, I was hard pressed to see the actor beneath the unusually realistic portrayal. The story line offered a new twist on an often told biography, but the musical performances on that DVD were better than any I have heard of the pieces represented.  I would purchase the film if only to hear the music!
B0006A9FMI|1.0|This DVD has no English soundtrack.  The product details are missleading.  English subtitles only.  Japanese soundtrack only.
1400032717|5.0|We bought this book for our son who was expected to do summer reading for an Honors English class, otherwise I probably wouldn't have picked it up.  I have no knowledge nor experience with autism, so my thoughts are simply based on my reaction to this book.  I enjoyed it thoroughly!  It captured my attention in the beginning and held it through the entire fairly quick read.  I loved the illustrations which really helped me understand Christopher's thought processes.  The story resonated with me.  It was easy for me to relate to Christopher because I've come to believe most people exhibit some of his behaviors, regardless of a diagnosis of autism or not.  I highly recommend this book.
0345457692|5.0|Every once in a while a voice with something to say comes along. I love finding such voices, particularly if they're well written. Richard Morgan fits the bill and then some. His prose is smart, sharp and terse. He doesn't pad his work. He asks important questions, some which will make your head hurt.  He entertains.<br /><br />The dystopian future as imagined by Morgan is not necessarily a Nice Place, particularly the parts frequented by our intrepid hero. Hero, I suppose, will do as well as any other descriptor for protagonist Takeshi Kovacs, although he's not the normal cut of that archetype. Still, he sometimes does the right thing (and more often the wrong thing for the right reasons) and he is never uninteresting. His story is one I very much enjoyed being told.<br /><br />One note - Mr. Morgan expects you to pay attention and keep up. He doesn't write down to the lowest common denominator. Don't expect light, fluffy reading. You will be challenged. In fact, at the beginning of this book, I thought I'd missed another, earlier book, in that a lot of the technology didn't make complete sense. The reader is kind of thrown into the plot and expected to pay attention and all will become clear. It does, but it requires thought and attention to detail. But the ride is so worth the effort.<br /><br />The first book in the series is, in a nutshell, a future whodunit noir. Kovacs is hired to find the killer of a fantastically rich magnate. Or at least the magnate thinks he was killed, even though the authorities believe it was suicide. This is confusing when it's the magnate himself doing the hiring - it's impossible to have killed himself, he reasons, when he knew he would only be reincarnated later, with his most recent memories then downloaded into a waiting top-of-the-line clone body. He can't kill himself, he reasons, therefore it must have been murder. Enter Mr. Kovacs with all his special military training. Maybe he can get to the bottom of it. Assuming he can keep up with other rogue mercs, crooked cops, the usual suspect dirtbags and a potentially psychotic hotel.<br /><br />That's right, I said a psychotic hotel. Sometimes Artificial Intelligence may not be all it's cracked up to be. See what I mean?<br /><br />Morgan also asks uncomfortable questions. What is love? What is it to be human? Conscious? What is the soul, or is there such a thing? Can such concepts survive imminent technology? Is immortality really all that it's cracked up to be?<br /><br />Just think - with all that thought-provoking material you can perhaps honestly say that you're expanding your mind, wrestling with difficult concepts, all the while being massively entertained. It's a little Phillip K. Dick, some Raymond Chandler, some Sartre and a whole lot of PKD as was imagined via Blade Runner.<br /><br />My highest recommendation.e mercs, crooked cops, the usual suspect dirtbags and a potentially psychotic hotel.     That's right, I said a psychotic hotel. Sometimes Artificial Intelligence may not be all it's cracked up to be. See what I mean?     Morgan also asks uncomfortable questions. What is love? What is it to be human? Conscious? What is the soul, or is there such a thing? Can such concepts survive imminent technology? Is immortality really all that it's cracked up to be?     Just think - with all that thought-provoking material you can perhaps honestly say that you're expanding your mind, wrestling with difficult concepts, all the while being massively entertained. It's a little Phillip K. Dick, some Raymond Chandler, some Sartre and a whole lot of PKD as was imagined via Blade Runner.     My highest recommendation.
B000YMBBH0|3.0|Be warned - the first two movies require a HD dvd player, but the third is can be played on HD or an older one like mine.  Wasn't expecting to have to buy a new dvd player to watch the first two movies.
0143038419|5.0|The book was given as a gift and the recepient was blown away. Could not put the book down until she finished reading it. She described the book to my wife and I several times and thanked us as many times.
B00005V1WO|3.0|I have been fascinated by this film ever since its release in the 1980s, coincidentally at the same time I began a career as a high school literature teacher. Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley's nightmarish tale of a modern Prometheus, \\"Frankenstein,\\" is ostensibly the subject of this psychosexual romp by visionary Ken Russel. The viewer is invited along to a risque slumber party with a coven of the Romantic Era's most self-indulgent experimenters in free love, drugs, and the occult. The all-nighter takes place at Gordon Lord Byron's gothic mansion on Lake Geneva (actual location), and features his protege, the gifted and tragic poet Percy Bysshe Shelley, Mary, Percy's bride, and a few other messed up friends. According to Mary Shelley's own notes of introduction to her novel, considered by many to be the first and still the best gothic horror story ever written, her motivation to write Frankenstein came as a challenge from these very friends. This group set out during the course of one night to pen the most horrifying tale each could imagine, with the intention of outdoing one another. Mary's inspiration, she later claimed, came in the form of a nightmare, possibly drug-induced. This extended nightmare, and the long night that gave it birth, are the subject of Russel's movie. Strange, disturbing, at times revolting, but ultimately well worth viewing. If only it were less raunchy, I would recommend it to my high school students. But alas, it makes for great college dorm fare.
B000I5X81A|3.0|This is a good sound. We are enjoying it as we ride our H.D. around this USA!
B000002ILG|5.0|Whether moving from fourth-tier Grand Slamm Productions (where the band undoubtedly did their own --and great -- things) to first-tier Atlantic (where the band was undoubtedly under pressure to break into the Top 40), White Lion's second cd is something of a departure from the true metal ways that got them heard in the first place. The lyrics became strangely adolescent in places, like in \\"Hungry\\" where Mike Tramp croons, \\"Take me to the top tonight . . . tease me like I'm your little child . . . When your love is mine, I'll be feeling fine.\\" Hmmm. \\"Don't Give Up\\" is okay, but is just a little too pop for my tastes, and we don't get much more in the lyrics than \\"Don't give up, don't give up, don't . . .\\" Well, you get the idea.. Competing now with newer bands like Def Leppard, Black N Blue, Bon Jovi and metal masters that were trying to merge MTV Top 40 with their hard rock origins (bands like KISS and Aerosmith), White Lion truly gave them a reason to pause when \\"Wait\\" and \\"When the Children Cry\\" practically took over control of MTV air time. They nearly scored triple-threat hat-trick with \\"Tell Me,\\" but it didn't quite get there. If you like the older version of WL, you've still got \\"Hungry,\\" \\"Lady of the Valley,\\" and \\"All Join Our Hands.\\" And \\"Sweet Little Loving\\" is a great song for metal purists in spite of itself. And Vito Bratta never quits doing what he does best:  astonishing you with what he can get out of wood, metal strings, and electric circuitry which is, of course, ultimately frightening electricity. But the move here was to a much more pop-oriented sound. And I have to admit that although it was crazy-popular, \\"When the Children Cry\\" is a serious-minded, touching song that transcends all genres. And thank goodness we're left with that, because Michael Wagener's production (which basically just gets the job done) and the low points of this cd (like the puke-atrocious, hearty-party-let's-get-drunk song, \\"All You Need Is Rock N Roll -- which ironically turns out great live) need something to lift it up. All in all, this is a pretty good cd that helped to usher in the 80s hair metal scene and will have you remembering huge hits you thought you'd forgotten. If you're listening to it for the first time, you've unfortunately got to be more Hannah Montana than hard rock to make it stick.turns out great live) need something to lift it up. All in all, this is a pretty good cd that helped to usher in the 80s hair metal scene and will have you remembering huge hits you thought you'd forgotten. If you're listening to it for the first time, you've unfortunately got to be more Hannah Montana than hard rock to make it stick.
1567184855|4.0|Book Review: Journey of Souls  By: Michael Newton, Ph.D.    I believe that in some way, everyone has had a \\"spiritual experience.\\"  Whether you've felt the presence of a deceased loved one, or have experienced De-ja-vu .     Some people choose to believe in it- others choose not too.    This book is for people who believe in the Spirit World, who wonder if there is life after death, and want an explanation as to why people are drawn to certain places and time periods.    Through hypnosis, Dr. Newton regresses his patients back to their past lives. Each of the case studies are presented in the book, word for word.    If you're even a little curious about the Spirit World or any aspect of it, this is a wonderfully enlightening book to read!    I give this book  **** stars!
B000091KWX|4.0|Whether moving from fourth-tier Grand Slamm Productions (where the band undoubtedly did their own --and great -- things) to first-tier Atlantic (where the band was undoubtedly under pressure to break into the Top 40), White Lion's second cd is something of a departure from the true metal ways that got them heard in the first place. The lyrics became strangely adolescent in places, like in \\"Hungry\\" where Mike Tramp croons, \\"Take me to the top tonight . . . tease me like I'm your little child . . . When your love is mine, I'll be feeling fine.\\" Hmmm. \\"Don't Give Up\\" is okay, but is just a little too pop for my tastes, and we don't get much more in the lyrics than \\"Don't give up, don't give up, don't . . .\\" Well, you get the idea.. Competing now with newer bands like Def Leppard, Black N Blue, Bon Jovi and metal masters that were trying to merge MTV Top 40 with their hard rock origins (bands like KISS and Aerosmith), White Lion truly gave them a reason to pause when \\"Wait\\" and \\"When the Children Cry\\" practically took over control of MTV air time. They nearly scored triple-threat hat-trick with \\"Tell Me,\\" but it didn't quite get there. If you like the older version of WL, you've still got \\"Hungry,\\" \\"Lady of the Valley,\\" and \\"All Join Our Hands.\\" And \\"Sweet Little Loving\\" is a great song for metal purists in spite of itself. And Vito Bratta never quits doing what he does best:  astonishing you with what he can get out of wood, metal strings, and electric circuitry which is, of course, ultimately frightening electricity. But the move here was to a much more pop-oriented sound. And I have to admit that although it was crazy-popular, \\"When the Children Cry\\" is a serious-minded, touching song that transcends all genres. And thank goodness we're left with that, because Michael Wagener's production (which basically just gets the job done) and the low points of this cd (like the puke-atrocious, hearty-party-let's-get-drunk song, \\"All You Need Is Rock N Roll -- which ironically turns out great live) need something to lift it up. All in all, this is a pretty good cd that helped to usher in the 80s hair metal scene and will have you remembering huge hits you thought you'd forgotten. If you're listening to it for the first time, you've unfortunately got to be more Hannah Montana than hard rock to make it stick.turns out great live) need something to lift it up. All in all, this is a pretty good cd that helped to usher in the 80s hair metal scene and will have you remembering huge hits you thought you'd forgotten. If you're listening to it for the first time, you've unfortunately got to be more Hannah Montana than hard rock to make it stick.
1582701709|5.0|The secret will let you understand the way we can be happy in all aspects of our life.Whatever you want to achieve is possible.Everything is possible so the only thing you have to decide is if you want to know the secret.If you believe in yourself you Can only win.With all my love.
0393061310|4.0|4.5 stars<br /><br />This is a very thought-provoking work. If the plot summary seems even remotely interesting to you, read the book. Diamond is a fine writer and a sharp, humble thinker. There are many aha!-type passages here that will make you reconsider some of our basic cultural notions.<br /><br />I had an interview already set up with Diamond for 9/12/01, and the previous day's events made for one of the most fascinating conversations I had with the many dozens of authors etc I interviewed in that period. Diamond isn't married to all of his hypotheses, and he can defend each one intelligently while making you rethink what you believe about life on this planet...and be wryly funny at the same time!<br /><br />That's no mean feat.<br /><br />Plus, a lot of this book just plain makes sense.
B000VR824S|5.0|An awesome compliment to the 2004 Dallas, Tx event.  Great music, a great cause.  A must for any guitar concert fan.
B00008BRDX|5.0|The second side of Ghost is genius, and all of their records are four stars at least, but Regatta created the template for everything that followed. Reggae grooves mixed with rock energy, incredible open-throated singing from Sting, fabulous pop songs mixed with dialogues of internal turmoil, Copeland's tremendous drumming, Summers' brilliant rhythm concepts and use of heavy compression, delay, and chorusing; no other band ever got this funky and yet uniquely poppy on a massive scale.<br /><br />When Walking On The Moon came out, it was the best single for years, and is still one of the great pop songs. Simple and yet so full of character.<br /><br />Every song on this record is good, even the non-Sting tunes (SC and AS are not great songwriters, as evidenced by their solo careers). Bring On The Night and Bed's Too Big are among the all-time classics.<br /><br />I'm listening to a live tape of their 11.24.80 Toronto show, right when Zenyatta came out, and as good as it is, you can tell that they're already plateaued. But to plateau at the very top of your game and stay there for four years is no shame! I saw them a few times at this point and on the next few tours, and they always made audiences very happy indeed, creating a huge sound for a three-piece band by using space wisely.<br /><br />Sting's politics are often right on, but when he kept his lyrics pointed at interpersonal politics, as on here, he was at his very best.<br /><br />Ignoring all of the above, this album rocks and bops and is full of catchy melodies...that's enough reason to love it forever.
B000P6YNSE|5.0|This was such a good season!  I have to say Jack's not my favorite any more :(.  So sad when this season was over.  I can't wait much longer for season 4 to start.
B00003CWLF|2.0|I did not like the beginning scenes during which Jodi Foster attitude and behavior was extremely Arrogant and Demanding and Domineering. It was so intense that I had to skip the part. I feel that she did not represent the characteristics of an English woman or educator during that time period.
630587493X|5.0|I ordered online the movie Bicentennial Man, I was surprised the first package with was still in shrink rap and never opened did not have a DVD inside of it.  I was worried that since it was a new product my situation would not be understood by the seller.  I returned the product that I had shipped and I was sent a second DVD right away.  I was so very pleased with the quick transaction.  I have watched the movie many times with my grand daughter, it is her favorite as well as mine.    Thank You Amazone for you kindness and understanding in this matter.  Steve Craig
B000JLSLZQ|5.0|Even if you don't like operas -- this is the best. It is an incredible movie. Enough said!
0452287588|5.0|This is one of few books that realistically defines, identifies and fully explains the content and function of the \\"ego\\". Tolle is well-spoken and able to teach us in a sane and understandable way. He brilliantly defines how and why many of our human behaviors are driven by the ego and helps us see what is happening \\"behind the scenes\\" of our own conciousness.    A very timely book in the current age of awakening. . .I will read it again and recommend it highly to anyone seeking understanding of why we do what we do and how to stay sane in a \\"world that has gone mad!\\"
B000BF0D9M|3.0|I already own all Jesse Cook's albums, but when a friend who has his own band, and is an excellent guitarist in his own right praised various guitarists and I mentioned that after Chet Atkins, Jesse Cook was my favorite technician--well, his blank face told me I had to get him this \\"best of\\" CD for a gift.    The selection tries to give equal weight to all aspects of Cook's evolution as an acoustic-new age-flamenco-jazz-whatever guitar icon. that's the problem for me. I like what I know and I know what I like.    When I first heard the arpeggio's at lightning pace of a jazz guitar with a distinctive spanish or flamenco tone, and crisp, clean audio reproductions, I fell in love with Jesse Cook.  In later albums he tried to include some DVD,s vocals, Ravi shankar India-MidEastern-arabesque ethno babble and, yes, it was all good....but it sounded like a million other great street musicians whose CD's are peddled for ten bucks outside every busy bizarre and plaza in the world...sort of like finding Zamfir panflute wannabees in peruvian garb playing for loose change in Rome, or Amsterdam, or New York....If  you've never listened to Jesse Cook I suppose you need this album.....if you like what you hear, just go back and buy his first two or three albums before he decided he needed to be politically correct and multi ethnic things to all musical tastes.
B00006CXSS|5.0|What can I say? This was an excellent series on HBO and I can finally see it again at my leasure. $25 for the set and free shipping? This retails for over $50 and I would have paid that as well. A great sale at a great Amazon bargain price is the best of both worlds.  For those that haven't seen it, it is worth the money spent to get this. In the same vein as \\"Saving Private Ryan\\", this show is a classic. The stories, camera shots, etc. is A+ in my humble opinion.
B000XPU5NY|4.0|There have been so many classic rock type reunions over the past three or four years, and sadly most of those have vastly paled in comparison to their former greatness of the '70s and '80s. Like many Genesis fans, I was a little concerned that after shaking off the dust of 15 years without Phil Collins that the band would not sound a good as they once did, but I was plesantly surprised. Genesis still sound great in 2007 and the set list offered on their Turn It On Again 2007 tour was a nice hybrid between radio hits like \\"Land of Confusion\\", \\"No Son of Mine\\", \\"Invisible Touch\\" and \\"Follow You Follow Me\\" meshed with a fan favorites like \\"Ripples\\", \\"In The Cage\\", \\"Behind The Lines\\" and \\"Los Endos.\\" Purists may note that some of the material has been dropped down a step or two, most likely due to Phil's aging voice (which still sounds very good by the way), but the passive fan won't notice and in most instances, the material still works beautifully.<br /><br />The double disc set was recorded at various nights on the first leg of the tour spanning various European countries like Italy, England, Poland, France, Germany and more. The booklet is also a great souvuiner of the tour, filled with great photos. The CD (at least the first pressing) also includes an attractive slipcase. All in all, its a real quality item and the rich sound and excellent performances make it a must for any Genesis fan. I strongly recommend it along with their DVD for the 2007 tour, [[ASIN:B0012909NQ When in Rome Genesis 2007]], which was recorded in its entirety in Rome, Italy in front of an estimated half-million Genesis fans! We know what we like!
B00006CXSS|5.0|I am a US Air Force paratrooper/jumpmaster.  For me this series gives an extreme sense of pride and excitement to the history of the US Paratroopers.      Band of brothers is an excellent retelling of some of history's  important moments.  It also portrays some amazing leadership and followership lessons for anyone to learn.  If you never watch another WWII movie/TV series watch this one.  If you have complaints I will be surprised!    Some of the comments and reviews have pointed out that this is not a \\"true\\" representation of what happened in WWII during the battles portrayed.  I would like to remind viewers that this is in fact a TV series, based on a book, based on a retelling of events that occured many years ago.  It has been said that the most unreliable witness is the eye witness.  The same story told by 2 different people will inevitably be different on some, perhaps many accounts.  Please take this into consideration when viewing this series.    You will not be dissapointed!
B000002552|5.0|For me, the greatest commercial Bob Dylan album of all time. Full of his wanderful, wonderful, irrational soaring young imagination at its greatest, backed up by the Band at its youthful best. Not that, after 32 years with it, I have any better idea what Lo and Behold; Apple Suckling Tree; and Tears of Rage really mean. But I am happy to spend the rest of my life trying to figure them all out.
B000RJO578|4.0|My entire family found this movie to be hilarious. If you enjoy quirky British humor you'll like it... same flavor as Shaun of the Dead. Instead of zombies, Hot Fuzz has a vigilante neighborhood watch in a very crazy British village. Our friends in law enforcement do their best to keep order with straight faces while we are free to laugh ourselves silly.
B000009ED0|5.0|this is so good for this genre of music it's no wonder why this guy is so arrogant. if you don't like this kind of music don't review it.
0887081770|1.0|Very diapppointed.  Cheap, tiny little book, not even a board book which I thought I was buying.  This is not up to Eric Karl's usual standards.  It looked like something that you would buy at the \\"Dollar Store\\".
B000VBJEEG|5.0|I ask for this movie for christmas. My HONEY, HE got it for me. It is so sweet Makes you go back to your childhood. Sparks the imagination , I wonder if little rats ( remi, looks like a mouse by the way) could cook~  Of course I know better but hey~ IT MAKES YOU THINK THAT ALL THINGS ARE   POSSIBLE!   FOR THE YOUNG ONES AND THE YOUNG AT HEART.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|There is a certain magic about this movie that movies are supposed to have, but rarely do.  It is certainly not any major tech/animation advances (fur, water, etc. in previous movies), the animation is simply superb but nothing that new.  It is not the rodents, Remy is cute for a mouse but I doubt anyone or anything in this generation of animated movies will get close to cuteness as Nemo.   The story is very good, but not super unique.  So what is it?  I still really don't know, it just all flows together nicely.  Perfect for kids and adults.  One note about the DVD extras - the short \\"lifted\\" I didn't find particularly amusing compared to other Pixar shorts, not one to watch again and again.  The Remy-narrated rat infomercial IS quite amusing and I am sure many kids love it.  The Brad Bird/chef documentary is skippable -okay, we get it.  Brad Bird is a perfectionist, French chefs are perfectionist, yawn, annoying.  The \\"deleted scenes\\" are basically sketches, and not that interesting either.  No commentary.  So you are buying this for the movie, in my opinion.
0783240287|4.0|It is an \\"amazing\\" piece of work, not quite as good as the extravaganza I saw put on by a high school, but indeed a joy to watch!  The music stays with you for days!
1582701709|2.0|This book is good for starters but personally, after studying the Teachings of Abraham done by Esther Hicks, I believe they provide a more practical way to living an abundant life.
B000YMBBH0|2.0|I wanted to buy this set for my husband for Christmas. It was not clear that the first two discs in the set were a different format from the third in the series, especially if you're not into all the high-tech geek stuff. The first two discs require an entirely separate DVD Player. All three discs should have been the same format if it comes in a set. As a result, we are only able to play the 3rd disc, Bourne Ultimatum, unless of course we want to spend another small fortune on a new player.
1401300529|4.0|I was a private first class in  June of 1950 and planning to attend Seattle University, which was 60 miles from Fort Lewis. where the 2nd Division was based.  The 4th Regimental Combat Team, of which I was a member was attached to the 2nd Division. On June 25, the North Korans crossed the 38th parallel and invaded South Korea.  I would not be discharged in September, as I had planned.<br />But because I had only a few months left in my enlistment when the 2nd Division was sent to Korea, I was one of the lucky ones.  My enlistment would be extended by a year, but it would be after the division left the states. I would not be with many of my buddies, most of whom would die in Korea.<br />But because I am a fan of Halberstam's writing and because I wanted to learn more about the battles in which the 2nd Division participated, I read Halberstam's book.<br />I found that fully half the book is devoted to the politics of the war, not only in the U.S., but in Korea  and China, as well.  Informative and revealing yes, but I was looking for a fuller account of the fighting.<br />And I found one mistake, which was glaring in my eyes.  Halberstam writes that funds to the military were so curtailed as the war began that soldiers at Fort Lewis were ordered to use only two sheets of toilet paper when they did their business in the latrines. I know on no such order and I was there.<br />He is right, however, about the overconfidence of the army officers at the war's beginning.  I recall a lecture to the troops in which we were told the war would be over in three months.  \\"These are peasants we'll be fighting.  When their tank drivers, when their artillerymen are killed, there won't be anyone trained to replace them.\\"<br />How wrong they were and little our military knew of the disasters which awaited the troops.  They are extensively detained in the book.<br />Joseph P. Ritz, author of I NEVER LOOKED FOR MY MOTHER AND OTHER REGETS OF A JOURNALIST.
0393061310|5.0|This book was actually the text book for a world history paper i took at university. I enjoyed the book (and the course) immensely. I've seen that Jared Diamonds arguments have not found favour with all the reviewers and perhaps I'll have to give the book a second look. My first impression was that Diamond adequately explains differences between the wealth of peoples across the world, applying research from many academic disciplines to reinforce his theories. I felt that Diamond produced a theory that successfully dismisses racist ideas on the differences between people. An accessible and enjoyable read, with conclusions i believe should not be dismissed easily. Perhaps critics of his work have ideological as opposed to scientific disagreements with his work. If this book were more widely read, I think it could do the world a great deal of good.
B000PFU9GA|3.0|These are possibly the best DVD's any Dawson's Creek fan can own.  Each season is amazing.  I do find it cheaper to order the DVD's individually.  I ordered them new from amazon, and ended up paying only $107 dollars for all six seasons plus the finale.  Sometimes Amazon will have sales, like Buy One Get One Free, or they will mark the DVD's 50% off.  Depending on how fast you want them will decide whether you pay the extra money or not.  These DVD's are a must for any Dawson's Creek fan!!
6305971935|4.0|The Philadelphia Experiment is not a well known classic Sci-Fi movie, but is an enjoyable way to spend a few hours. The basic story is of a World War II experiment to make a battleship invisible that goes wrong. Two sailors abandon ship during the experiment and are swept to the future (about the time the movie was made) where they try to figure out what happened, avoid the authorities who want to lock them up, and eventually find the mad scientist behind it all and try to save the world. There is a beautiful girl to add a romantic angle and all ends - well just see the movie.
B00006CXSS|5.0|This set of DVD's was received quickly and with no problem.  It's a great set!
0964385619|4.0|Rich Dad Poor Dad by Robert Kiyosaki is aimed to motivate readers to increase their financial literacy. This first book in the successful Rich Dad series first published in 1997 and Kiyosaki hopes to impart financial wisdom through simply worded dialogues with `his real dad' and `his rich dad'.<br /><br />Robert Kiyosaki background before writing the Rich Dad series spans from joining the Marines as a pilot, to selling Xerox machines and to starting his own Velcro wallet company. No doubt his story is famous enough now for me not to bore you with specifics.<br /><br />Kiyosaki raises important points in an easy to digest repetitive way. He does this by putting the reader in his shoes - A young kid growing up with a real father and his friend's rich father. His poor father said and lived by the motto - study hard, get an education, get a safe secure job where the company will look after you, whereas his rich father would say - learn as much as you can, create your own assets to generate income.<br /><br />He has decided to stick with six main points to reinforce and are delivered in lessons:<br /><br />1. The Rich Don't Work for Money - Not settling for a paycheck and a secure job but finding money making opportunities.<br /><br />2. Why Teach Financial Literacy? - Kiyosaki clearly points out the basics such as knowing the difference between assets and liabilities through profit and loss/income statements and their rich/poor person derivatives.<br /><br />3. Mind Your Own Business - Managing your personal finances and acquiring income generating assets such as self-running businesses, stocks and positive income real estate.<br /><br />4. The History of Taxes and The Power of Corporations - A simplified introduction to Kiyosaki's cashflow quadrant, being an employee/employer pros/cons and protecting assets in a corporate entity.<br /><br />5. The Rich Invent Money - Changing your mindset to tackle financial problems, for example, buying real estate with little money down.<br /><br />6. Work to Learn - Don't Work for Money - Kiyosaki reinforces that the education is archaeic, use work to get the skills and experience you need to become rich and avoid safe stable in your comfort-zone jobs.<br /><br />Fear. Cynicism. Laziness. Bad Habits. Arrogance. Kiyosaki's five obstacles to getting rich after you've learnt financial literacy. I particularly enjoyed this part of the book. \\"Unchecked doubt and fear creates a cynic. Cynics criticize, and winners analyze.\\" Basically this area of the book motivates you to achieve and help tackle doubts, criticism and fear you may encounter on the way.<br /><br />Kiyosaki tends to quote both what his rich and poor dad would say and then let the reader stew on these as he reiterates them several times. It is a drawn out process but does tend to convey the message effectively. His language is simplistic and at the rare times where he does get financially technical he has both dads reiterating in even simpler words until the point is driven home. Whilst reading the Rich Dad series his in-depth quotations of entire conversations with both his Dad's does become frustratingly monotonous but bearable.<br /><br />The underlying financial theory is great but if you are looking for specifics look elsewhere. The main reason I would recommend you read this is changing your mindset. If you have read this far you must want a financial change in your life. Rich Dad Poor Dad helps give you the mindset to continually expand your knowledge and embrace opportunities when they arise.<br /><br />I give this book 4.5 out of 5.<br /><br />John Forfar<br /><br />Read more book reviews at Mestizo Review<br />[...]orces that the education is archaeic, use work to get the skills and experience you need to become rich and avoid safe stable in your comfort-zone jobs.    Fear. Cynicism. Laziness. Bad Habits. Arrogance. Kiyosaki's five obstacles to getting rich after you've learnt financial literacy. I particularly enjoyed this part of the book. \\"Unchecked doubt and fear creates a cynic. Cynics criticize, and winners analyze.\\" Basically this area of the book motivates you to achieve and help tackle doubts, criticism and fear you may encounter on the way.    Kiyosaki tends to quote both what his rich and poor dad would say and then let the reader stew on these as he reiterates them several times. It is a drawn out process but does tend to convey the message effectively. His language is simplistic and at the rare times where he does get financially technical he has both dads reiterating in even simpler words until the point is driven home. Whilst reading the Rich Dad series his in-depth quotations of entire conversations with both his Dad's does become frustratingly monotonous but bearable.    The underlying financial theory is great but if you are looking for specifics look elsewhere. The main reason I would recommend you read this is changing your mindset. If you have read this far you must want a financial change in your life. Rich Dad Poor Dad helps give you the mindset to continually expand your knowledge and embrace opportunities when they arise.    I give this book 4.5 out of 5.    John Forfar    Read more book reviews at Mestizo Review  [...]
B000P6YNSE|5.0|Lost is the best TV series I have ever seen! The season 3 is no exception and adds a new twist to an already complex story. If you enjoyed first two seasons you will not be disappointed. If you have never seen this show -- I have to give it a try.
B000005JA8|4.0|Everyone's gone on about how \\"weird\\" this album is. People who like it and people who don't like it all seem to emphasize the monumental hurdle the music presents. I don't understand that. Markfarf says he was knocked out by this album the first time he heard it. Me too. I was sixteen, a fan of the Minutemen, and when I heard this record the first time it immediately screwed right into my skull a vision of how rock n' roll could & should sound, a big, full, adventurous sound with a thousand things happening simultaneously you can't get enough of. \\"Frownland\\", \\"Pachucho Cadaver\\", \\"Hair Pie\\", \\"My Human Gets Me Blues\\", \\"When Big Joan Sets Up\\", \\"Veteran's Day Poppy\\" are to me simply great rock n' roll songs, and I don't get how put off people are by the sound. I tried to play it for my brother over the phone but he couldn't hear it. He asked me to describe it. I said \\"'Big Joan' sounds like a hornet flying in a spiral out of a sunflower at 40,000 mph with a chainsaw tied to its stinger.\\" Years later I had a roomate who was a Zappa-head who couldn't stand one moment of the Magic Band, -- \\"it makes me feel like I'm on too many drugs.\\" What a sissy. Here you have music you can really sink your teeth into, fullbodied and straight up, not arty or intellectual but natural, vibrant like good Whitman. It's good air-guitar and air-drums music. How \\"intellectual\\" is that, you big dummy? If you really don't like it, well, it's really OK. Why do those people have to take it personally? They act like they're being insulted. What's with that? The musicians are all inarguably sincere in trying to give you a good time. As for me, I wouldn't be such a phony to pretend to enjoy something for its supposed \\"hip value\\". As for the record as a whole, and as for writing this critique, I take off one star for the filler (\\"Pena\\", \\"Bill's Corpse\\" etc.), but really I should give it five stars anyway because the good stuff is so good and plentiful aplenty. So don't be so boring and cowardly with \\"Trout Mask\\". If you don't like it, you don't have to be so sullen about it. And make no mistake: this isn't some hip joke . . . it isn't \\"impenetrable\\" . . . it isn't \\"intellectual\\" . . . it's just really good rock n' roll. I know it's hard to believe, because rock n' roll doesn't exist anymore. I defy anyone to throw on \\"Pachucho\\" and tell me it don't make them want to get up and boogie!  --And record companies, come on and reissue \\"Lick My Decals Off, Baby\\", baby (not a moment of filler in that one)!
B000I0QL82|5.0|If you like good, 1940-era movies, Holiday Inn is a must for your library.  Video is clear, crisp - great quality.
B000DWMN2S|5.0|Liev Schrieber did an amazing job!  I loved the movie and will definitely look for more movies from him.  Eugene Hutz was also great -- in my mind, he represented young Ukraine.  There is a youthful [sometimes ridiculous] exuberance and yet there is also a depth of pain, humiliation, deep longing for success and recognition.  The grandfather and grandson are so close in proximity yet there was a fixed chasm between them that they could not cross.  Then Jonathan Safron Foer comes on the scene...
B000002UB3|5.0|I just got done reading some of the reviews of this album. Wow, I couldn't believe that some people rated this album a three star or lower. One guy even had the guts to say something like \\"why would you buy this album when you can buy \\"Pink\\"\\" or something like that???? Let's face it. This album came out a long time ago. A lot of water, music, etc has passed under the bridge since that time. I probably don't have the same love for this album that I did in 1973. That being said, I still think this is one of the best albums of all time. Yeh, there are a couple of corny songs (my favorite song as about nine year old was Octopus' Garden). But look at all of the great songs--Come Together, Something, Oh Darling, Here Comes the Sun, and my personal favorite--You Never Give Me Your Money. Plus there was all that intrigue as to whether Paul was dead or not. This is a great album.
B000VWYJ8Q|5.0|Saw this in the movies and who knew that HD-DVD culd look so amazing even compard to the theaters and thats also counting the amazing sound quality.  The movie itself is a great ending to the Bourne Trilogy and if you liked he last ones even a little bit then this movie will be sure to amaze you.  Action and unbelievable chase scenes makes other movies just plain boring.  Great if you got an HD Player but considering the format might not last its not the greatest investment. My only problem with this is the soundtarck, which is has great quality, but the songs do not live up to the movie. Being OK to a great movie.  RECOMMENDED IN ANY MOVIE COLLECTION
B00006CXSS|5.0|I purchased this set for xmas as a gift for my son. He said it was really a good set and I got a very good price on it. thanks.
B000002HPT|5.0|Adjectives don't do this cd justice so I won't use any. If you want to know what Dream Theater is all about get this cd. If you like it then you can go ahead and get the rest. Although they are all good, and Train of Thought is a close second to this one, I would say that if you like this you will most likely enjoy them all.
B000VWYJ86|5.0|I now have all three Bourne movies.  They are very exciting and nail biting movies.  I truly enjoy watching them.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|If the rating of cd's was like a 100 yard dash, Train of Thought would come in second in a photo finish with Falling Into Infinity. Endless Sacrafice is probably my all time favorite DT song, but the whole cd is great.
B00011F5DK|5.0|Like chess or checkers this game takes a very small set of rules and creates a game who's difficulty is only defined by it's players. This is a game almost anyone will want to play and can learn to play in less than 5 minutes.
B000002HPT|5.0|Adjectives don't do this cd justice so I won't use any. If you want to know what Dream Theater is all about get this cd. If you like it then you can go ahead and get the rest. Although they are all good, and Train of Thought is a close second to this one, I would say that if you like this you will most likely enjoy them all.
0143038419|5.0|I have not finished the book yet but I'm enjoying every page of it. In fact I try not to read it too fast as I don't want to finish it too soon. It is funny, deep, human and that is the reason I advice everybody read, read and read.
0740748475|5.0|I've been a C&H fan since I was a kid, and the fact that all the strips are now in one location, and I can read them whenever I like, makes me very very happy.  You'll never find more poignant, unique and laugh-out-loud humor in the comics again--it's a tribute to childhood, friendship, imagination and life, so pick this up before it goes out of print.  A great addition to any library, or something to keep handy by the nightstand.  Read a week's worth, then head to bed with a grin on your face.  My only regret is that Watterson stopped drawing the comic.
B000VBJEEG|3.0|And the gags become as stale as last weeks baggets as he trys to teach an idiot that can't boil water how to cook. The only saving of grace is Pixar's high quality CG that makes the movie visually appealing.
0060574216|5.0|This is a very good book.  It gets down to the keys to good relationships.  It hits the points and if you study it, and really chew the information and knowledge, it will do you good.  It is very accurate at the understanding and will lead to healing.  It is highly recommended, and worth a million dollars.  Just stick to it and do what it says, and go back to it again and again, then you will see great changes in your life.    There are many reviewers who have given bad reviews because their own lives are failures and they have too much pride to be able to receive the great wisdom contained in this book.  Therefore they are immature and put down books like this because they want others to share in their misery.  Don't listen to them, this book could save not only your marriage, but your life.
0061191752|4.0|Someone somewhere should note that this appears to be the UK-released \\"Humble Pie\\" under a different name (and perhaps explain why this was necessary!). The book itself was interesting and enjoyable, despite the lack of cohesive transitions paragraph to paragraph. While Ramsay (or his rumored ghost writer?) may not have created a literary masterpiece, his autobiography is a must-read for fans and critics alike as it does provide a glimpse into the man behind the mouth - or at least Ramsay's own perception of that man! It certainly makes me want to shell out the big bucks to have a dinner in one of his restaurants.
B000Y179KO|2.0|The only word I can think of that describes this recording is \\"pabulum\\".  I can't believe this is the best Henley and Frey could do after more than 25 years.  At least Walsh was able to add a little pep to the tempo, but it's not enough to save the album.  There is no \\"Hotel California\\", no \\"Life in the Fast Lane\\", no \\"Peaceful, Easy Feeling\\", no \\"Witchy Woman\\", no \\"James Dean\\", no \\"Long Run\\", and not even a \\"Take It to the Limit\\" (if you're into that sort of thing).  I would recommend finding a friend that already threw his money away, and borrow the CD, before spending the thirteen bucks, yourself.      I think we all had high hopes for this comeback album.  Maybe, if we express enough disappointment, the Eagles we knew will bring us something worth listening to on their next release.    \\"Long Road...\\"?  \\"Dull Road...\\", more like.
B00007BKVC|5.0|This movie is great....If you have a horrible marriage and just wish you could get away from it all like thelma and louise, you will love this movie.  Louise, had a horrible marriage, was afraid of her husband, but she took a gamble and had a great time,,that is until they got in super trouble with the law,,but still in all, i think this movie's theme should be,,,don't be afraid of anything, life is to short....
B000WZAE1I|5.0|I love this movie!  I expected a lot of things from this movie when I first picked it up and originality was not one of them.  Words cannot tell you how happy I was after watching this film.  It's got everything fantasy films these days are lacking; wit, sophistication, adventure, and actors who can actually give their characters depth.  Its a wonderful story that leaves you wanting more.  Stardust makes me wish that more film makers had the guts to step away from their tried and true Hollywood formulas and try something thats decidedly \\"out of the box.\\" Buy it, you won't regret it.
B000VWYJ86|5.0|\\"Bourne Ultimatum\\" is every bit as good as the first in the series, \\"Bourne Identity.\\"  It is rare to find a sequel that stands alone and is as good as the first, but both the sequels are just as good.  The second in the series, \\"Bourne Supremecy,\\" is a stand alone just like its bookend movies.  I haven't read the books, but have heard that they are a bit different than their movie counterparts and look forward to reading them.
0143038419|5.0|I read Eat Love Pray on my flight from Japan to Australia and it held my undivided attention for the entire journey. Second-rate inflight movies and unappealing airline food were happily replaced with something vastly more entertaining and substantial.<br />Eat Love Pray is basically one woman's search to find meaning in her life. Hers is a blessed existence - great house, great career, long-term relationship, but she's desperately unhappy. Like so many of us, she knows that she's miserable, but she can't figure out a way to climb out of the rut she's created for herself. So after finally cutting herself loose from the confines of her marriage, she takes a years sabbatical to go and \\"get happy.\\"<br />Liz's wonderful story takes you to some pretty exotic locations, but this is definitely not a book about travel. One of the reasons why I enjoyed this book so much is that Liz seems to represent Everywoman. She freely admits to bouts of insanity, and yet she can pull herself together at a moments notice. She's strong and independent, yet soft and very vulnerable. She's funny, smart and kind, but can also be a bit of an idiot.<br />As Liz makes both big and small discoveries about herself, you can't help but laugh and cry along with her. And her (sometimes painfully) honest observations are a testament to her courage as a writer.<br />I truly loved this book and would recommend it to anyone who is in the mood for a little of their own soul searching, and wants to be inspired.<br /><br />Zara Stevens (Author - Boy Meets Girl: A Pocketful of Wedding Stories)<br />[[ASIN:141967787X Boy Meets Girl: A Pocketful of Wedding Stories]]
1594489505|3.0|I ordered this book from Amazon because I needed for a book club. After a month i have still not received it so I am FRUSTRATED!!!!!!!!!!!! i HAD TO GO AND PURCHASE ANOTHER COPY..  Amazon......POOR POOR SERVICE!!!! The book is very good but it didn't come from you
B000G759LW|5.0|A great cd and worth the money.  She is so diversified and an amazing singer / artist.  The music thumps and the mix of songs are well put together.  If you invested in your car sound, then this is a great cd to thump down the road too.  The CD is Moving and she is just gorgeous, one of the best looking women on the planet who backs it up with pure talent!
B000QGEB12|5.0|At first I was shocked by  the violence in Kung Fu Hustle, but eventually I understood that it's not meant to be taken seriously.  It reminded me of the violence in Three Stooges episodes where crazy things happen and then everyone gets up, dust's off and walks away.  Sometimes I laughed so hard it was painful.  The fight scenes with wire work and special effects are very effective.  There is also a thread of childhood friendship which adds a sweet note to the film.  There are a number of Special Features which add value if you like shorts about how the special effects were created, etc.      Highly recommended if you can get past the \\"cartoon gore\\".
B00006CXXU|5.0|My second album by her, and Stripped is just well put together and \\"raw\\" sounding.  Very much one of her best albums and her vocals on this album are just exceptional..unreal compared to other female artist in her same category, except nobody compares to date to how diversified Chrstina is as an artist and it shows on this album too.
B000VNMMQG|3.0|Interesting history I was unaware of.  I liked the movie even though it was a little slow going at times.
B000VAPZM2|4.0|Another great musical from Disney Channel. Not as awesome as the first, but a house full of 8 year old girls loved it! They sang along to the movie and quoted the lines. Good clean fun for little girls and tweens.
B00006CXSS|5.0|I bought this for my son who wanted it for Christmas.  He's thinking about joining the Marines and this was better than he anticipated it would be.  I think the USMC will be getting a new recruit soon!
B00003CXAA|5.0|I purchased this DVD for a Christmas gift for my granddaughter and she is very pleased with this DVD.  Thanks so much.
1400095204|4.0|This book is a very important addition to the numerous publications on the Biafran war. Adichie's power of description is so graphic that horrific images of the war come alive in front of the reader. That the book is considerably long but never boring is a mark of a gifted raconteur. Adichie occasionally uses humour to provide some relief to the doleful atmosphere of the war. Her sense of humour makes her an entertaining writer.    Since the truth of art must not necessarily tally with the truth of history, the writer has justifiably invented some details to aid her narration without changing any crucial fact about the war.I was held captive by the narration and couldn't resist the urge of reading during each break at work. For me, this novel is not only about war but the ideals of human relationship as demonstrated by Olanna, Odenigbo and Ugwu all of whom exemplify the true meaning of companionship. Olanna in particular is a nearly perfect matrimonial jewel and I would encourage every woman to emulate her.    The book is a further confirmation of the talent evidenced in Adichie's first novel Purple Hibiscus.
B000XPU5NY|5.0|We are from Mill in the Netherlands and we are big fans of GENESIS. We followed them this tour to Duesseldorf/Germany, where they gave a great performance in the LU-hall, where the sound is great! And then we followed them to ROME, where they gave a MAGNIFICENT concert in the open air on Circo Massimo. FANTASTIC. The cd.s Live over Europe is also great: we relive the live concerts!
B0002XK17C|5.0|I was looking for the first volume of Pride and Prejudice because I purchased the box set at a garage sale and it was missing.  I'm glad I didn't have to buy the whole set again.
B000E1MTXQ|4.0|This was a good movie that linked the two better movies of Identity and Ultimatum. Great action. Period.
B0010HOZS0|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have seen in awhile.  The suspense is great and Nicole Kidman is FANTASTIC!!  What a movie, suspense throughout!
B000N6TYLW|1.0|I bought this for my mother. Every time she wants me to sit down and watch it with her I see how irratating this series is. I have never understood how this show survived to the seventh season. If you attempt to watch this get ready to blow your brains out.
0143038419|5.0|I saw this author on Oprah not once but twice.  I had been wanting to purchase this book not only for myself but for my sister as a Christmas gift.  Elizabeth Gilbert has done an excellent job of telling her story.  Her writing style is like she is writing to you as her friend.  It's organized in a way that does not leave you confused.  I love it.  Buy it now!
B000BU2DC2|5.0|Queens of the Stone Age are at the top of their game in this DVD/CD combo. The DVD shows the band in London playing a nice mix of all of their songs PRIOR to Era Vulgaris. Josh Homme is in great form, both vocally and in his unusual and creative guitar playing. Thank God, the occasional guitar solo is still alive when it comes to these guys. Complimenting Josh are Troy VanLeeuwen and Alain Johannes trading off guitar and bass duties quite nicely. If you're a drummer in training, Joey Castillo absolutely puts on a clinic with a tireless performance. He's one of the great drummers out there today, at least as good as his QOTSA predecessor, Dave Grohl. The sound is excellent. I agree with another reviewer that, for a short period, the camera work/production gets a bit too \\"artsy.\\" But for the most part, they do a good job, focusing on the right players at the right times and having a minimum of crowd scenes, something other concert DVDs get carried away with. Not a lot of big stage production here, the boys just came to play music, and boy, do they! You get a lot of songs in the initial concert phase of this DVD (all complete versions, by the way.)<br />1. Go With the Flow 2.Feel Good Hit of the Summer 3.The Lost Art of Keeping a Secret 4.Regular John (this one's real good) 5.Song for the Deaf 6. Avon (also real good) 7.Little Sister 8.You Can't Quit Me Baby(this one is OUTSTANDING) 9.I Wanna Make it Wit Chu 10. Monsters in the Parasol 11.The Fun Machine Took a S**t and Died 12.Mexicola 13.Burn the Witch (great!) 14.Covered in Punk's Blood 15.I Think I Lost My Headache 16.Song for the Dead (Joey shines on this one) 17.I Never Came 18.No One Knows( Terrific!) 19.Long Slow Goodbye<br />  Aside from the concert, you also get videos from past venues and/or studio vids featuring the likes of Dave Grohl, the incomparable Nick Oliveri, Billy Gibbons from ZZ, Mark Lanegan, and others.Songs featured in this segment are: The Bronze, Better Living Thru Chemistry,Auto Pilot, Precious and Grace, First It Giveth, Millionaire, How to Handle a Rope, Quick and to the Pointless, God is in the Radio, and Hanging Tree.<br />  Not all are entire songs, sound and/or video quality is a little shaky on some. Historically, however, kinda neat.<br />  Lastly, you get a 2nd disc CD of most of the performances from the 1st phase(concert) of the DVD.<br />  If you are a Queens of the Stone Age fan, this collection is essential. If not, treat yourself. You won't be sorry.<br />  You should be able to purchase this for under $20, a great bargain.ous and Grace, First It Giveth, Millionaire, How to Handle a Rope, Quick and to the Pointless, God is in the Radio, and Hanging Tree.<br />  Not all are entire songs, sound and/or video quality is a little shaky on some. Historically, however, kinda neat.<br />  Lastly, you get a 2nd disc CD of most of the performances from the 1st phase(concert) of the DVD.<br />  If you are a Queens of the Stone Age fan, this collection is essential. If not, treat yourself. You won't be sorry.<br />  You should be able to purchase this for under $20, a great bargain.
B000XNZ7LG|5.0|I purchased the StudioCanal version of the movie almost 4 months ago. The video and audio quality are superb on top of a masterpiece of a movie. Roman Polanski's masterpiece. The higher priced StudioCanal version may have been out earlier but the expense was worth it. You will not go wrong with The Pianist. Get it today!!!
B000002WPI|2.0|This is the first review that I have written for Amazon, yet I felt compelled to do so. I purchased 36 Chambers on the recommendation of almost everyone who has ever written a review; which is to say that almost everyone loves this CD.  Let me start by saying that I am a huge student of rap music, have listened to almost every highly rated (and some not so highly rated) CD of the past 20 years, and continue to explore my collection daily. 36 Chambers is probably my least favorite. That is not to say that it's bad: I can see the merit in what it presents (especially lyrically). But to present this as a seminal work of rap makes no sense. The beats are predictable at best, sounding dated and irrelevant through many listens. C.R.E.A.M. is really the only song that carries a hook, albeit a very good one. What's missing from this album is production and flow. Lyrically, it's got some incredible storytelling behind it, but only on a few of the songs. Otherwise, I just found myself to be unimpressed and a little confused by all of the hype surrounding it. A five star review at Amazon should mean that the work is both accessable and exciting. It should both inspire and inform our world. This CD doesn't live up to it's reputation. At all...    My favorite CD's, for what it's worth:    Tupac - All Eyes On Me (No competition...Pick this up!!!)  Dr Dre - Chronic 2001   Outkast - ATLiens and Southernplaylisticadillacmusik  Mos Def - Black on Both Sides  Notorious BIG - Ready to Die  Jay Z - The Blueprint  Tupac - Me Against The World  Blackstar - Blackstar  The Fugees - The Score  The Roots - Phrenology    Since I am clearly in the minority of people that do not like 36 Chambers, I defer to all who came before me. Good Luck!!!
1400079594|5.0|Code of the Woosters served as my introduction to the oeuvre of Wodehouse, and, I must say, it was an exceedingly pleasant introduction at that. The book is absolute comic brilliance; it sets the standard for what lesser folks (like Carl Hiaasen) have tried to accomplish on their own right.<br /><br />Some books are read once and discarded, but Code of the Woosters, I feel, has the rare quality of being able to be read time and time again...not just cover-to-cover, but at any particularly mirthful point which captures the reader's fancy. (The number of laugh-out-loud vignettes are too numerous to list.)<br /><br />The only negatives to the book were the verbose introduction by left-wing crank Alexander Cockburn (if I had a name like \\"Cockburn\\" I'd be a bit edgy myself) and the relatively scant presence of Jeeves. Not that he plays a cameo role, but one does wish he figured more prominently.<br /><br />If you haven't read this yet, you are in for a treat.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|Saw this at Radio City Music Hall at age 5.  The witch no longer scares me but I still love this movie at age 73.
B000002HPT|5.0|Dream Theater's 1997 album &#34;Falling Into Infinity&#34; is in my estimation, the band's most underrated album in their discography, as well as their most harshly criticized, mainly one of the reasons is that it's more of a mainstream/commercial sounding album than previous outings. Personally I find this album to be an awesome underrated masterpiece. The guys from DT were really being pressured by their label Elektra at the time, but against all odds, they managed to make another progressive rock/metal classic with this album. Seriously, I can't even remember the last time Dream Theater released a bad album. Every album they've done is awesome in my humble opinion, and that's what has made them an incredible band from the beginning.<br /><br />The musicianship on here is just flat out incredible like on any other  DT release. James LaBrie's vocals are just amazing as always, and they just send chills down your spine. John Petrucci's guitar riffs and solos are absolutely fantastic and jaw dropping just like on any other DT release. This guy is no doubt a true guitar virtuoso. John Myung's bass lines are just solid and hearable throughout, and he even uses a Chapman Stick on the opening track &#34;New Millennium&#34; which is pretty cool. Derek Sherinian's keyboard work on here is very impressive and his solos are great too. True Derek may not be as great as Kevin Moore or Jordan Rudess, but he's still excellent nonetheless. And of course Mike Portnoy's drumming is great as always, and he also does a solid job with the double bass as well. This guy never loses a beat whatsoever.<br /><br />I like every song on here, but here are some highlights of my favorite songs.<br /><br />The opening track &#34;New Millennium&#34; has a cool, catchy upbeat techno vibe, and there's also some excellent keyboard work from Derek at the beginning as well as some cool soloing by John around the 6:29 mark. I also mentioned that John Myung uses a Chapman Stick in this song, and it really sounds cool too. Track three &#34;Peruvian Skies&#34; (which is lyrically about a girl named Vanessa, a victim of child abuse) starts off nice and slow with some nice acoustic strings, then at the 3:16 mark the guitars get heavier, and there's an awesome guitar solo by John around 3:45, and then around 4:20 the song turns into an all out metal fest with a barrage of massive headbanging riffage that echo early Metallica, and some hard pounding double bass drum work near the end. &#34;Burning My Soul&#34; has an intro somewhat reminiscent of Metallica's &#34;The Thing That Should Not Be&#34; (from 1986's Master of Puppets). This song also features crunchy guitars, and a nice keyboard solo by Derek, and some good double bass drumming from Mike. Track six, &#34;Hell's Kitchen&#34; is a fantastic instrumental that features excellent soloing by John, while the next track &#34;Lines in the Sand&#34; is an epic 12+minute masterpiece that features a great intro, wonderful musicianship, including a long epic guitar solo by John. This song also features guest vocals by Doug Pinnick of Kings X as well. Another favorite &#34;Just Let Me Breathe&#34; is another catchy heavy rocker with catchy lyrics and more solid musicianship. I like that one line in that song: &#34;A daily dose of eMpTyV will flush your mind right down the drain&#34;. Track ten &#34;Anna Lee&#34; is a great piano driven ballad which is lyrically about sexual abuse. There's also another great guitar solo by John too. Track Eleven and of course the 13+ minute epic closer &#34;Trial of Tears&#34; is without question the crowning jewel of this entire album as well as my favorite song on here as well. This song is also divided into three parts, making this song a true classic. Part I. &#34;It's Raining&#34; has a nice, peaceful, atmospheric intro, a nice catchy jazzy like chorus, and some great lyrics that deal with wasted years to boot.  Part II. &#34;Deep in Heaven&#34; is a solid genuine instrumental part which features some very impressive solo breaks by both John and Derek. First there's an awesome lengthy guitar solo by John from the 6:28 mark to the 8:10 mark, and there's an awesome keyboard solo by Derek from the 8:26 mark to the 9:54 mark. Then we finally come to Part III. &#34;The Wasteland&#34; which is a nice climatic ending part thus ending a classic song and album altogether.<br /><br />Jeremy's song ratings:<br />1. New Millennium (8:20) - 5/5<br />2. You Not Me (4:58) - 5/5<br />3. Peruvian Skies (6:43) - 5/5<br />4. Hollow Years (5:53) - 5/5<br />5. Burning My Soul (5:29) - 5/5<br />6. Hell's Kitchen (4:16) - 5/5<br />7. Lines in the Sand (12:05) - 5/5<br />8. Take Away My Pain (6:03) - 5/5<br />9. Just Let Me Breathe (5:28) - 5/5<br />10. Anna Lee (5:52) - 5/5<br />11. Trial of Tears (13:05) - 10/5 BEST SONG AND MY FAVORITE!!<br />  I. It's Raining<br />  II. Deep in Heaven<br />  III. The Wasteland<br /><br />Like I said before, &#34;Falling Into Infinity&#34; is Dream Theater's most underrated album to date, but it's also a masterpiece in my honest humble opinion, even though this would not a good album to start out with if you're new to Dream Theater and if you are, I would suggest on starting with &#34;Images and Words&#34;, &#34;Awake&#34;, or even &#34;Metropolis Pt2: Scenes From a Memory&#34; for that matter, but if you're a fan of Dream Theater, metal, progressive metal, or just good music in general like I am, then by all means you must buy this album. Enjoy!!ve solo breaks by both John and Derek. First there's an awesome lengthy guitar solo by John from the 6:28 mark to the 8:10 mark, and there's an awesome keyboard solo by Derek from the 8:26 mark to the 9:54 mark. Then we finally come to Part III. &#34;The Wasteland&#34; which is a nice climatic ending part thus ending a classic song and album altogether.  Jeremy's song ratings: 1. New Millennium (8:20) - 5/5 2. You Not Me (4:58) - 5/5 3. Peruvian Skies (6:43) - 5/5 4. Hollow Years (5:53) - 5/5 5. Burning My Soul (5:29) - 5/5 6. Hell's Kitchen (4:16) - 5/5 7. Lines in the Sand (12:05) - 5/5 8. Take Away My Pain (6:03) - 5/5 9. Just Let Me Breathe (5:28) - 5/5 10. Anna Lee (5:52) - 5/5 11. Trial of Tears (13:05) - 10/5 BEST SONG AND MY FAVORITE!!   I. It's Raining   II. Deep in Heaven   III. The Wasteland  Like I said before, &#34;Falling Into Infinity&#34; is Dream Theater's most underrated album to date, but it's also a masterpiece in my honest humble opinion, even though this would not a good album to start out with if you're new to Dream Theater and if you are, I would suggest on starting with &#34;Images and Words&#34;, &#34;Awake&#34;, or even &#34;Metropolis Pt2: Scenes From a Memory&#34; for that matter, but if you're a fan of Dream Theater, metal, progressive metal, or just good music in general like I am, then by all means you must buy this album. Enjoy!!
B000VBJEEG|5.0|Very entertaining and the rat is adorable.  The expressions are priceless.  Adults as well as children will enjoy it.
B000009HF2|5.0|My teenager loves to play and listen to all types of guitar music. I found her listening repeatedly to my old 'Frampton Comes Alive' record album, now decades old. She loved receiving the CD as a gift and continues to discover classic gems among my dusty LPs.
B000VDDDVO|5.0|The movie was in great shape and the case was intact. Still in the plastic with a cool paper covering over the case. Loved the movie and was very pleased with the way that it arrived. Also was shipped very quickly. Thank you!
1594489505|4.0|the kite runner was one of the best books i EVER read. thousands suns, was ok. it was good, dont get me wrong, but you cant compare it to the kite runner or read it the same expectations.  i love his style of writting and would read his next book for sure, but thousand suns was ok, i gave it four stars due to the excellent writting of the novel and the story line, but kit runner was ten stars
B000E41MS6|5.0|A great collection of DVD's from the first season of BBC's new series of Doctor Who, starring Christopher Eccleston as the Doctor, and Billie Piper as Rose. Eccleston adds just the right amount of zaniness to the character- the way he's supposed to be played- that he reminds me of the Doctor when Tom Baker played him. If you're a Doctor who fan, this a must-have for your collection!
B000H5U832|5.0|Fun and funny movie with heart.  Familiar story lines but using cars as the main characters makes it interesting.  Enjoyable for adults as well as kids.
078322933X|4.0|Reese Witherspoon plays Nicole Walker, the innocent daughter of Steven Walker (William L. Peterson) - a yuppy, workaholic architect, and Laura (Amy Brenneman), her neurotic, mother in law.  One day NIcole and her slutty friend Margo (Alyssa Milano) decide to skip school and go to a trendy hangout.  While there, they see two guys who they like, and more importantly they pick up a flyer for a party.<br /><br />At the party is where Nicole meets David (Mark Wahlberg), the same guy that caught her eye from that morning.  They are immediately smitten, and when the party breaks down into chaos, David is there to rescue Nicole; it's contemporary Romeo and Juliet.<br /><br />David plays the sensitive guy perfectly, quickly gaining Nicole's trust and affection.  It's an awkward romance, but he shows his rough edge rather early when he adjusts Nicole's watch to flout her parent's rules.  It's only a matter of t ime before he shows is intentions and darkside, as he manages to deflower Nicole on a roller-coaster and show a psychotic jealousy while absolutely laying the beatdown on Nicole's male friend who dared to hug her.  She obviously rebukes David, but eventually he wins back her trust.  It's amazing how intimidating David is, because he only gets worse, destroying property, stealing, psychological abuse, self mutilation, and much, much worse.<br /><br />From there the movie moves quickly to trouble, as a convincingly insane David begins to tear Nicole from her family and causes her father to truly hate him.  Conflict rises to the breaking point and it becomes a battle for survival as David will do anything to have Nicole as his own, and her friends and family must fight for not only her heart and mind, but also their safety.<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie for a psychological terror.  Mark Wahlberg has never been better, and he elicits genuine fear and terror as a troubled David.  Reese Witherspoon as at her young, cute phase before her chin grew to enormity, and Alyssa Milano plays the supporting lolita character very well.ng lolita character very well.
1594489505|3.0|I tend to read mostly self help and health books, but this one got my attention. It is a great read, in the sense of the long history of Afghanistan and the repression of women.  The book was quite educational and served as a remainder of all I have to be thankful for.  I also recommend Robert Harrison's Saturday Night Crisis Lines - an excellent read!  [[ASIN:1932172270 Saturday Night Crisis Lines]]
B000X1Z0BU|4.0|****1/2<br /><br />\\"Once\\" is a story about a man and a woman who conduct a courtship almost entirely through song.  Music being the primary medium in which these two individuals move through life, it is only appropriate that they should express their love for one another through music as well.<br /><br />Glen Hansard plays a struggling songwriter/musician whose recent, emotionally devastating breakup with the girl of his dreams now serves as the inspiration for most of his lyrics.  Marketa Irglova is a young woman who recently emigrated from the Czech Republic with her mother and daughter to begin a new life in Ireland.  She, too, is a composer of music, though she is less assertive and confident about exposing it to others than he is.  The two meet on the street one night while he is performing one of his original compositions and they begin a slow, tentative relationship based largely on their mutual love of music.<br /><br />\\"Once\\" is a beautiful, lyrical and heartbreaking film that has understandably garnered a passionate cult following since its release in early 2007.  It is an utterly unique and spellbinding work in which the music is every bit as important as the dialogue.  The plot, though basic and uncluttered, still manages to throw a few curveballs our way in an acknowledgment that romantic relationships do not always work out in the way we`d like.  Filmmaker John Carney keeps it as simple and intimate in his directorial style as he does in his writing, utilizing an unobtrusive and relatively steady handheld camera that nicely matches the rhythms and beats of the music playing in the background (and often in the foreground).  The scene in which the camera, in a single unbroken shot, moves ahead of Irglova as she strolls along the streets of the city singing an original composition is one of the truly transcendent movie moments of 2007.  And the music itself is lovely, flavorful and memorable - reason alone, I'd say, for seeing the film.<br /><br />In addition to their obvious talents as singers and musicians, Hansard and Irglova give performances of such poignancy and subtle emotion that they draw us instantly into the hearts of their characters.<br /><br />If \\"Once\\" reminds us of any film, it is probably the French classic, \\"A Man and a Woman,\\" another work whose tale of romantic love was intimately woven through music (although, in that film, the characters themselves were not singing or composing works).  That's not a bad template for a romantic movie, when you get right down to it.<br /><br />Since \\"Once\\" is a film that it is much better to experience than it is to read about, I suggest you try it on for yourself.  You won't regret it.ts as singers and musicians, Hansard and Irglova give performances of such poignancy and subtle emotion that they draw us instantly into the hearts of their characters.      If \\"Once\\" reminds us of any film, it is probably the French classic, \\"A Man and a Woman,\\" another work whose tale of romantic love was intimately woven through music (although, in that film, the characters themselves were not singing or composing works).  That's not a bad template for a romantic movie, when you get right down to it.    Since \\"Once\\" is a film that it is much better to experience than it is to read about, I suggest you try it on for yourself.  You won't regret it.
0743277708|5.0|I do believe that of all my books, this is my favorite. What I love most is that each rabbit - though very different from the others - has an important part to play in their survival. Whether leader or mystic, warrior or jokester, they all make a diffrence.  What a great teaching story!
0618001905|5.0|To understand what is happening in Africa today, we have to have some knowledge of its past. This book is a must read for anyone who wants to learn about  the events which helped to shape Central Africa and by extension much of the rest of colonial Africa. Do not be misled by the tiny handful of negative reviews. The author has painstakingly researched the subject and provides ample documentation to back up this extremely well-written book.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|You won't regret this purchase. Dexter is a combination of all the ugly stuff inside us struggling to do what's right. The show is evoling with complex characters. Plus, Mr. Hall isn't hard on the eyes at all!
0446577391|5.0|Oliver Stone, aka, John Carr, is given a dual task, as chief of the Camel Club, in this exciting, will not put down, novel. First, he offers his assistance in helping Annabelle Conroy, a con artist, yet friend, defy her capture by one Jerry Bagger, longtime successful casino owner, murderer, and total scumball.  Secondly, retired assasins of a secret killing force, utilized by the CIA during the Cold War, of which Carr was once a member, are turning up dead.  Carr, realizing he may be soon on the list, has to decide who is performing this new deadly operation prior to his turn.  It turns out the results of this mission turn up high level secret intellegence that could start another war.    Excellent reading!!
B000VI70X6|5.0|Great video!!! Shakira has proven here why she is the best female singer/performer of the world. The quality of the work is awsome. She is beautiful and she is singing and dancing very, very well. I recommend this this live DVD for everyone who like the best pop/rock of the world and also appreciate a beautiful woman!!!
0321525655|5.0|This is an exceptional book about each of the steps involved in preparing and delivering a great presentation. It's also very well written, and a pleasure to read, not just once, but also to consult. Furthermore - one can also say it's a metaphor for how to approach projects that are not straightforward and require a lot of thinking and preparation to figure out what's the best \\"solution\\". One suggestion, however, it would be great if the author (or someone else) would tackle the ingrained \\"slideuments\\" (name coined by Garr Reynolds) tradition which appears to totally dominate business presentations.
B00005JM1F|3.0|I had heard that this movie was funny from several friends and also read some reviews about how hilarious this movie is.  While there were several hilarious scenes -- Will Ferrell streaking through the streets of town to name one -- the overall laughs were not as many and somewhat trite.  Of the three, Ferrell was the funniest followed by Vaughn.  I found Luke Wilson's character rather boring and the plot with Ellen Pompeo was all to predictable.  If you're looking for light, occassionally funny fare, you could do worse.  However, I thought \\"Wedding Crasher's\\" and \\"Talladega Nights\\" were far funnier movies.
0861714911|5.0|This anthology of teachings from the Pali Canon of the buddhist scriptures orders the selections in a manner that helps the reader to be come orientated to how different Suttas from the entire Canon can be related overall to the Buddha's Dhamma from a Theravada Buddhist perspective. The Pali Canon is the Canon of Theravada buddhism, and most or all of the Suttas can also be found in among many other scriptures in the Mahayana and Tibetan Buddhist Canons.
B000TGJ8IU|4.0|The directors cut is just added footage of the battle sequences and scenes that were cut out for a reason. Sadly, the theatrical cut isn't included. All of this aside, this is an awesome collector's item with plenty of goodies for fans of the film.
0440238609|4.0|A child's story, as in the harry Potter series where the heroes are very young. The witch craft is better explained if far fetched but I just suspend the irregularities and enjoy the story and the very adult themes. I have not finished the last book, The Amber Spyglass so I don't know who is going to get theirs in the end. Catholic church does take a drubbing but the very young heros and heroines are so unworldly that the author can sort of get away with it.  I like the books,they are an easy read and not likely will be on the children's shelf in religious homes if the parents read it.
074356619X|5.0|The concepts are not new, but the presentation is.  I keep the CD set in my car and listen frequently.  I find the ideas uplifting and motivational.
B00005JPNW|1.0|This was promoted well, but isn't well expressed on the screen. I was very disappointed in the movie, because (1) the child star is a bratty, willful girl (2) the evil mom with the split personality (Kidman) is too strong a personality to the other actors' performances (3) said evil mom and bratty child meeting is too much like Luke and Darth Vader's \\"I am your father, Luke\\" scene (4) It is unclear if the adults should be taken seriously, becaues the girl is the driving character in the story - and though menacing, the adults are not well-formed characters apart from Kidman. (5) the romance between the girl and the fellow student she rescues portray the weak male relationship at a too-young age. (6) the armored bear is the best character, as far as strong character, clear motives, and noble standards. The humans seem stripped of those. Worst, the movie ends on a vague cliffhanger without resolving any tensions in the film satisfactorily. The children's rescue does not fill the need for closure to story. The dad is in imminent, undefined peril. Then screen goes black. A very unsatisfying ride. I did not feel empathy for anyone but the ferret and the bear. Phooey.
B0009SOFFY|5.0|It's all been said in the other reviews so I'll just put in my two cents. Makes you wonder where all the cool, REAL rebellious musicians have gone. They are so wimpy today, aren't they?
B000EMGAOY|4.0|If your a fan, worth the money. I bought it on a whim and was not disappointed. Its a definite change over what I have the option of listening to on the radio in this city I live in.
B000AGTPUK|4.0|Just what I wanted, but it almost didn't come in time for the holidays when I should have been there way before.
0930289234|5.0|This is graphic novel perfection. I could not stop reading this on my first read. On my second the magic was still there.  Anyone who doubts the vaule of the graphic novel should weep in shame because of this book
014100018X|5.0|For about the first ten pages I didn't think I was going to like this book. Then something magical happened, and I was hooked. There's nothing extraordinary about the storyline, but the writing is spectacular. Read the book then watch the movie, and don't forget your chocolate!
B000VWYJ8G|5.0|I think that it is rare for sequels to live up to the original movie, but this movie is just as good as the previous two. Fast-paced, adrenaline-rush and excellent plot. We loved it!
B000NVIXDW|5.0|Fabulous rich sexy velvet voice!<br />I love this CD.<br />I have not heard a voice this rich in many a year.<br />It is yummy!
B000SO7OM0|5.0|Loreena McKennitt's music is a delight, and this live album with the DVD of \\"Nights from the Alhambra\\" is as brilliant as the musician who created it. Visually and musically stunning, McKennitt's performance combines her own individual virtuosity with the talents of an impressive ensemble of performers on modern and traditional instruments. McKennitt herself moves as easily from harp to accordian to piano as her music draws the world of the past into the world of the present.     This is a treasure to be enjoyed for years to come.
B000ERU5EK|5.0|Not a single track on this is bad.  And all of them just suck you in, you get really into it.    This is real trance.  Not pseudo-trance like Infected Mushroom.  Vocals are really good, very good basslines, and very very catchy tunes will make this one of your favorite trance cd's for a long time.    Buy this cd, you won't regret it.
0375831002|4.0|\\"It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.\\" Well, no it wasn't. Little in recent history (say, the last 1000 years) matches the madness that Hitler cultivated in Germans and spent on the Jews, allowing cruelty and war to drag all humanity down. The Book Thief is fiction, and chooses to \\"humanize\\" some Nazi German families, perhaps at the expense of minimizing the much worse fire rained down on the Jews. (And, while we're at it, ignoring the similar war toll on the Allies, e.g. the Russians.) Still, adults rule the world, so you owe it to yourself to read this drama and then make your own study guide with your children (the one at the end of the book is painfully narrow and simplistic). I'd suggest some questions like this: \\"If you were a citizen of a murderous dictatorship, would you shelter the victims at the risk of your own life?\\" \\"Would you serve in Hitler's army to protect your way of life?\\" \\"Why do we go to war, daddy?\\" \\"What's a child to do when the adults go mad?\\" I'm not sure what's the youngest age that such questions are appropriate, but we'd better find some answers before some new dictators get our children.
0143038583|5.0|Omnivore's Dilemma does an excellent job of dissecting the abusrdity of our unsustainable relationship to food. It is a fascinating glimpse into the instabilities that are created when self-interest is allowed to run unchecked. In the short run, those who profit off of the industrial food chain may benefit, but in the long run, we all lose. Reading the book inspired me to think more deeply about my place in the food chain. The inescapable conclusion is that individual buying decisions alone aren't enough to solve this challenge. We have to change our expectations about food as a society and implement policies that will return our production of food to harmony with natural processes.
B000Y7ZHCU|5.0|This is a wonderful DVD to watch, and has been watched at my home several times already! It comes with one DVD of her last concert, and is about 90 minutes long. It is beautiful to watch, with back-up dancers and singers. The presentation is awesome! The disc #2 of the DVD's is the same concert, only it's behind the scenes. It shows Celine getting ready for the show, eating, and most of all, the rushing around to get prepared. It shows her in between songs running to her dressing room and getting her outfits changed. It also shows her dancers point of views. It is a cool DVD that will get watched over and over. It has all her greatest hits including \\"I'm Alive\\". Very nice. It will be watched many more times I can guarentee that one!
B000WMFZNS|5.0|Just look at the other reviews. This movie is 100% Five stars. That is the best way I can describe it. Finally, I can not believe it !!
0143038419|4.0|I really love this book, I can relate to her, not in the experience (at least not now, since i just got married) but in her way of expressing emotions. There are many occasions in the book where i have the uh-huh moments, \\"yes, that's how i should have expressed this confusing feeling.\\" This book also teaches me to cherish all experiences that I have from travelling, interacting with people and to just open my eyes and heart to see and listen. Another reason to love this book: it has given me another perspective about my own culture and people (i am from indonesia). Like most expats there, I have always been so cautious not to get ripped off by the locals, that I often form negative stereotypes without considering the positivie sides of Balinese's personalities. It must have taken a lot of courages and trusts to still befriend Wayan, while forcing her to purchase the house. I don't know if I can do that in Indonesia. The downside of this book, like other reviewers, I must say the India part can get a little boring.
038533348X|4.0|This was as brilliantly written, wryly satirical, poignant, ironic, fun and captivating as Vonnegut has ever been. That being said, I did have a few problems with this - one of the core lessons that it teaches is one of pointlessness, and that gets applied somewhat to aspects within the plot line; certain events take place that could be seen as deus ex machinas, but at times some of them are pointed out, how they are unexplained, and their explanations dismissed as unnecessary. It can come off as either smart, funny and very honest, or as somewhat lazy. I didn't feel like I gained as much from this as I did Slaughterhouse-Five, but that's not to say that I didn't gain anything at all - on the contrary, I found it to be very enriching, in the most ironic way possible. For social commentary and philosophical irony blended with fantastic storytelling and captivating, rich narrative, look no further than Vonnegut.
1400063515|2.0|The book discusses a technical aspect of the nature of risk, one which is widely misunderstood and which, as a result, leads us to make bad choices in our investments, our careers and more generally in our lives.  It deals with mistakes we make in drawing inferences from the past and using these inferences to take decisions whose effects will be felt in the future.  The example is given of a turkey born in early December.  The turkey enjoys 300 near perfect days in which its every need for food, water and health care are met by its generous keepers.  Now this turkey, if it were a thinking turkey, would develop nothing but affection for his keepers kindness and generosity, an affection that would be confirmed with each passing day until one nightmarishly horrible day in early November.  In helping us to understand the limitations on \\"over-inferring\\" from past events, the book has an enormous contribution to make in helping us to manage the risks in our lives.  However, author Taleb does not live up to the challenge.    The problem is not that Mr. Taleb does not understand the material, he does.  However, an overconfident Taleb, driven by his intelligence and dominion of the subject matter, but sadly not by any sympathy for his readers nor patience to edit, has made a mess of a book that is very difficult to get through.  The book is more dictated than written and one wonders what the dozens of experts effusively thanked for reviewing earlier drafts actually did.    Finally, Taleb has created his own language to define the concepts he is trying to describe.  It is maddening.  What on earth is an \\"Apelles-style strategy\\" or a \\"bildungsphilister\\"?  The glossary of terms in the back of the book only serves to compound the confusion.
B00005QEO1|5.0|Second album of the second life of Aerosmith and it is a very good one.  For sure, you have the hits Love in an elevator, Janie's got a gun, The other side and the super rock ballad \\"What it takes\\" but hey, the rest is just solid rock at its best.  Young lust is a great opener. F.I.N.E is very good rock with Steven Tyler at its best. Monkey on my back is full of energy and Voodoo medecine man is just grooving.  Amazing album.  Highly recommanded.
B000P6YNSE|5.0|Yes, I believe it just might be.  From the writing of the intricate and interwoven plot lines... to the filming of the beautiful Pacific island locales... to the acting of the well-chosen cast... this series has it all.    Season Three delves more deeply into the history and environment of the Others and, although many viewers were put off by the slow pace at the beginning of the season, I think it was necessary to build their background in order to set the stage for what will come later.    As was the case with the DVD sets for Seasons One and Two, this set contains lots of extras... including a booklet containing a summary of each episode... very important for those of us who like to go back and find those moments where the paths of the survivors of Oceanic Flight 815 had crossed in the past.
B000000OSO|4.0|Aerosmith hits the charts once again with \\"Livin' on the edge\\", \\"Crying\\", \\"Crazy\\" and \\"Amazing\\".  There is also some great pure rock dynamite songs, like \\"Eat the rich\\", the energetic \\"Fever\\" and you have a couple of so-so songs like \\"Flesh\\" or \\"Gotta love it\\" but overall, this is a pretty good release by the band.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|I can't wait for the oscar nominations to come out cause I have to see this movie get nominated! Def a favorite and if not the best, one of the best movies released in 2007.
B000WZAE1I|5.0|I almost missed this movie because its poster somehow reminds me of The Chronicles of Narnia and the Golden Compass......But I never miss Robert De Niro since Once Upon a time in America. So I opened my DVD player. It just turned out to be such a great fairytale.    Prince, would-be princess and witches are essential to these kind of stories, so we have them in Stardust. The prince (Charlie Cox)was a young guy who wanted to win the heart of a beautiful girl (Sienna Miller) in his town and the princess (Claire Danes) was a ... shooting star. Whatever, they met and they began their journey and fight against witches (Michelle Pfeiffer) and there were pirates(Robert De Niro),too. They finally made it.     You can't ask for more for a fairytale, so the judgement should be made according to: is this a balanced movie in term of the mixture of suspension, romance, comedy? When you were watching the movie, did it make you believe that the story is true? Did you lauch and did you feel surprised at some event? and how was the performance?     Well, I can tell you that Stardust is a very balanced movie, it's not a romantic movie, not a comedy, not a thriller, but it has them all in perfect mixture. When I was watching this movie, I felt that I came back to my childhood, the shooting star, the witches, the fairytale stories that I've ever known, they all came to my mind. Robert De Niro, like his other masterpieces, never lets me down, the conversations are smart and funny. And the performance is superb, especially Michelle Pfeiffer. And there's something more when the credits begin to roll. (WOW I only wish it could be a little bit longer......)    Stardust really brings something that I've long lost since my childhood back. It's a real classic.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Beautifully done. But be careful when you buy the HD version. Even in new HD players, it doesnt always work.
B000P6YNSE|5.0|Lost is full of twists and turns, so is our mood. Sometimes it turns into somewhere very boring, like the first 3 or 4 eps this season or, to some extent, the whole season 2 if compared with season 1. But Lost is different from the upstarts like Prison Break or Samantha Who, it's a complete project with everything in the writers' mind, everything is just under control.     So forget about these \\"ugly\\" eps, Lost Season is really a shining season, from this season we learn more about the background of these survivors, but most importantly, who is the others why they live in the island and we have a glimpse of something behind everything. The plot is much more twist than the first two season. More surprises, more questions and more answers.    Be patient, Lost will be a masterpiece
B000VNMMQ6|1.0|We bought the blu-ray PG-13 version of \\"Live Free or Die Hard\\" and watched it last night.     This disc took for ever and a day to load. There were long pauses to get to previews, between previews and getting to the start menu. There was a long pause from the start menu to the movie. The movie freezes, drags, slows down, and loses sound for brief periods throughout the movie. When language is edited out, all sound including backgroud noise goes silent and that causes a constant distraction. I was annoyed from start to finish. Careless editing and serious technical flaws ruined this version. There is no way that this version is the one the director intended you to see. I have about 50 blu-ray discs and this is the only one I consider bad. I have the latest firmware updates for my player.     I love die hard, I only hope one day Fox will release a version that does this film justice on blu-ray.       01-15-08 Update: Arranged for a replacement from Fox. Very Good response from Fox but they said to allow 6 to 8 weeks for delivery. The sad part is it probably will arrive before the 5 free discs from my player purchase.  03-19-08 Update: The replacement blu-ray arrived. I am still not thrilled about the PG-13 editing, but it is a replacement. Bump my review up to 3 stars on the merit of the tunnel scene.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|You need to believe this, though everything behind Pixar's titles are a little bit silly, they all make you believe it. Yes I believe the story in Ratatouille.     There's no need to talk about the video quality in Pixar's movie, sometimes I just feel it was a real world. So let me say something about the characters. What really shines in Ratatouille is the gradual change of every character, whether they were bad guys or good guys at the start. These changes are so convincing, so natural and also so moving.    Good job again, Pixar
B0000024Q8|5.0|The compositional approach of Terry Riley and his pioneering minimalist work In C had a measurable impact on late 1960s and early 1970s musicians that wished to fuse more experimental styles with rock music.  In fact, the Swedish group International Harvester is a pretty good example of this, not to mention some of the music of 1970-period Soft Machine.<br /><br />Written in 1964 (Riley prepared a 53 figure score of sorts which is reproduced in the liner notes), In C is classified as an aleatoric composition; that is, the element of chance plays a significant role in determining what the musicians play.  Based on what I have read, performances of In C can last from 15 minutes to two hours and the piece is intended for any number of performers; amateur and trained virtuoso alike.<br /><br />On this 1968 recording, Terry performs with ten individuals from the Center for Creative and Performing Arts at SUNY (Buffalo, New York) and the performance lasts for approximately 42 minutes.  Instrumentation includes saxophone (played by Terry Riley), bassoon, clarinet, oboe, viola, flute, trumpet, trombone, vibraphone and marimbaphone.  Central to the performance is a piano part referred to as the \\"pulse\\" which is provided by Margaret Hassell.  As described in the liner notes, the \\"pulse\\" consists of even octave eighth notes played on the top two C notes of the piano, which can clearly be heard at the beginning of the piece.  The ensemble plays in sync with this pulse.<br /><br />The composition itself consists of a dense and subtly changing ostinato network.  That is, each performer repeats a single part that is gradually changed, which in turn cues the other performers to also subtly alter what they are playing.  As can be imagined, this music takes a great deal of skill and a highly developed ability to listen to the other players.  Really good performances can get fairly complex and consist of a writhing mass of ever-shifting ostinati.  Although several versions of In C are floating around out there (ranging from one by Japanese psychedelic rock outfit Acid Mothers Temple [[ASIN:B0000647KU In C]] to a version by Bang on a Can [[ASIN:B00005NUPM Terry Riley: In C]]), I have not listened to them - as such I can not gage the relative quality of this 1968 performance.  Suffice it to say that the changes within this version of In C are subtle (yet exciting), and listening to the entire work requires great concentration and patience on the part of the listener.<br /><br />While it is difficult to remain still amidst the furious bustle of 21st century living, e.g. kids, work etc... (even for 45 minutes), I found that making the effort was worth it.  This album is very highly recommended along with A Rainbow in Curved Air (1969).  Other influential minimalist composers include Steve Reich, Philip Glass and Lamonte Young.there (ranging from one by Japanese psychedelic rock outfit Acid Mothers Temple [[ASIN:B0000647KU In C]] to a version by Bang on a Can [[ASIN:B00005NUPM Terry Riley: In C]]), I have not listened to them - as such I can not gage the relative quality of this 1968 performance.  Suffice it to say that the changes within this version of In C are subtle (yet exciting), and listening to the entire work requires great concentration and patience on the part of the listener.      While it is difficult to remain still amidst the furious bustle of 21st century living, e.g. kids, work etc... (even for 45 minutes), I found that making the effort was worth it.  This album is very highly recommended along with A Rainbow in Curved Air (1969).  Other influential minimalist composers include Steve Reich, Philip Glass and Lamonte Young.
B000J103WK|1.0|I bought this for a Christmas gift for a friend and it does not play,   Be careful and try it as soon as you receive it.   It was in perfect order and sealed.   I tried it on three different players and it would just click and not play.
B000YABYSS|5.0|Very rarely these days, you get an amazing movie which you look forward to getting out on DVD on a quiet night in at home or going to see in the movies. One you can really get into, get absorbed and just what getting movies out is all about.<br /><br />This is one of those movies. About as absorbing as any movie can be. Enjoy it, and sink into the gripping and emotional plot which is also historic and therefore informative.<br /><br />Unbelivably amazing. MUST see
0316067598|4.0|Petty Officer Luttrell did a great job describing the heroism of his teammates, as well as the determination required to succeed as a Navy SEAL. This alone is worth the purchase price.    I first heard of this book from an interview that CSPAN did with Mr. Luttrell. After hearing his story of being rescued by the Pashtun villagers, I bought the book with the expectation that it would help illustrate not only the sacrifice of our armed forces, but also the humanity that resides even in warzones like Iraq and Afghanistan - that these people are more than just the expendable neighbors of terrorists like Osama or Saddam.    Unfortunately, this fact is offset more than a few times with more Boortz/Limbaugh doublespeak like 'the only way to defeat a terrorist is to act like one'.    In addition to the notion that combat troops should be allowed the unsupervised authority to 'do whatever it takes to get the job done', the notion that the war-mongering neocons in the White House somehow differ from the war-mongering liberals in Congress, as well as the author's repeated references to the New England-born and bred Bush family as \\"true Texans\\" really takes away from what could have been a great story dedicated to the courage of some of the finest military men in history.    One thing this book did for me was to galvanize my belief that most of the people living in places like Afghanistan are not bloodthirsty, religious extremists who hate America. They just want the politicians, religious zealots and control-freaks in general to leave them alone to live out their lives the best way they know how - the same as us.
B00065MDRW|5.0|Because they just don't make music this good anymore. A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, simple early rock and Beatles clones plagued the radio airwaves. I can't say I remember that time (considering my existence had yet to even be conceived), but I can only imagine the patience it took to endure acts such as The Dave Clark Five and Gary Lewis & the Playboys. By the late 60's it seemed music was beginning to evolve, however. Artists such as The Moody Blues and Procol Harum were just making their debut on the rock scene, and their response was well received. By the time 1969 came around, In the Court of the Crimson King must have felt like a rejuvenating breath of fresh air among a polluted atmosphere.    Ladies and gentlemen, this is it - the one historical recording that renders all those preceding it obsolete. The instant \\"21st Century Schizoid Man's\\" thunderous chords strike down upon the listener's ears, he can tell this will be a storm unlike any the 60's had ever seen. Never before had classical structures been interwoven with rock and roll aesthetics before, nor with such energy. Actually, \\"21st Century Schizoid Man\\" may in fact be the first metal song ever recorded. Honestly, can one listen to the history of rock and roll chronologically and say that anything pre-1969 sounded like this? Coming to this realization triggered a heightened appreciation for the album that I did not initially hold.    Don't be fooled though, this album may be one of the most important landmarks in history, but that does not overshadow the overall musical quality. Each musician performs at the top of his game, and is never bombastic or ridiculous as later King Crimson would show. The completely unexpected (and in my opinion unnecessary) noodling in \\"Moonchild\\" may be the only sign of pretentiousness on the entire album. Honestly, this section tests my patience to the point where instead I almost wish I was listening to my mom babble on about soap operas. Sadly, it's the one part I skip over nearly every listen. Can someone please explain why they included this on the album? In addition to the random tuning \\"Moonchild\\", In the Court of the Crimson King has its faults - one of these being the overall length of the album, which in my opinion falls way too short. I have to admit though; this is a problem I find with many \\"old\\" albums. I guess one could only fit so much time on a single LP!    Even though the album has its flaws, the high points are so pronounced that I cannot give this album anything less than a full five stars. \\"Epitaph\\" and the title track have rightfully earned their places amongst the most profound pieces of music to ever enter my life. The walls are down and the emotions flood loose, submerging the listener in a wave of minor key despair. \\"Epitaph's\\" opening washes of mellotron never fail to send a chill spiraling down my spine, offering me a sense of euphoria that just cannot be found elsewhere. I am carried off into an mystical land, and it is times like this that I think \\"this must be what heaven is like.\\" Other points as well, such as the mellotron interlude in the title track, cause me to wonder how mere humans are capable of producing such extraordinary power. It is almost as if ancient, earthly spirit is channeling its will into these musicians, in an attempt to convey a long lost message. Honestly, I feel like this music is supernatural at times!    Anyway, I think those familiar to prog have already arrived at a consensus that this is one of the great art works of our time. As for anyone making an attempt at their first progressive recipe, In the Court of the Crimson King is one of its absolute essential ingredients.
1400034205|5.0|Timeless classic for anyone who loves freedom, rebirth and the hunger for knowledge.    The passages and conversations on India, Paris and the South of France are exquisite, the characters formed; you know some of these people.   Many people search the world for truth as self defined, seeking wisdom with passion inside that is an unquenchable fire.    This book will mean different things to different people but if you give it a clear read, it will leave a lasting impression on you similar to the novels Lost Horizon and Homage to Catalonia.   For anyone with a love of Europe, Americans in Europe and the radiance, tragedy and survival of the human spirit.
B000VNMMR0|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie. I think it was the best one out of all the Die Hard movies. It kept me on the edge of my seat, and the special effects were just awesome.
B00125JP1C|3.0|The title says it all. Entertaining, and definitely no plot, but it does not pretend to have one anyway. It is like a Rambo movie in a city.
1932100660|5.0|This is the most informative, well written objective and referenced book on nutrition I have ever read. The minute I finished it I knew I would have never again eaten meat or dairy as before. My lifestyle is 100% healthier now, and afer just 2 months I can already feel the difference. A must.
B000Y7U98C|5.0|Theatrical release of sci-fi films are becoming fewer and far between. I was extremely surprised to find one of best scifi films in about 15 years. My only complaint is that Michelle Yeoh is kind of a non-entity in the film. It was nice to see her outside of a martial arts film but her role could have been more. See this film you will not be disappointed.
B0007MWZEK|1.0|When we first bought this we thought we would have a good alternative to our dust buster. Well it has to be the cheapest piece of garbage I ever bought. The plastic is paper then it kept starting and stopping like it had a short and when you pick it up shut it off first or it will tilt and throw whatever it picked up back out again. We have owned it for 6 weeks and now the battery only lasts about 5 minutes after a charge. I should have known better than buying an informercial product but I got burned, I'm writing this so others don't. If you want to throw your money away buy it, otherwise look for something else, our's is only days away from being trashed.
B000MCH5P4|1.0|A boring, rambling movie with gratuitous, graphic nudity (not involving a return benefit). I was glad I didn't buy a ticket or spend money to rent this movie either on cable or at a video store. I checked it out from the local library. Doesn't surprise me that Brad Pitt was involved, but I was surprised that Cate Blanchett chose to waste her talent on a lesser quality movie like this one. This movie does have some value and that is that I learned Babel and Babble have similar meanings and a combination of the two pretty much describes this movie:    Babel: A confusion of sounds or voices b: a scene of noise or confusion.    Babble: To utter meaningless or unintelligible sounds.
B000F4LPJ6|4.0|How can you not love a movie that links the battles to the death on the island to the relationships between the students in high school?  Haven't read the novel, but I've read the manga series which hews very closely to the novel and goes into mind-numbing detail about the backstories; what the movie lacks in detail, it captures in broad but effective strokes.
B00005JOHC|5.0|Bring on season two .. this are a keeper for years to come will always be funny
B0000012Y1|5.0|Having been slightly disappointed by the live 1954 Jochum and 1953 Keilberth recordings - mainly because of deficiencies in Windgassen's assumption of the eponymous hero and even in some of the deeper voices - turning to this recording was balm to my ears. In the reviews I have read, no-one has much remarked on the beauty of sound; a slight reverberance, real depth, crisp detail and a proper sense of theatre without the Bayreuth hackers who blight the quieter moments in the live recordings, especially the Jochum. The next thing to emphasise is the beauty of the voices. Several performances here are definitive; Kubelik was always so sympathetic to his artists and he gives them space to make their points without dragging. One first hears Nienstedt, Ridderbusch and Stewart as the Herald, the King and Telramund respectively - and what a joy it is to hear such firm, characterful, resonant, virile voices. Stewart in particular surprised me - though I was already familiar with his lovely Sachs in Kubelik's equally recommendable &#34;Meistersinger&#34;; he is every bit as expressive and grateful on the ear as the great Uhde and more so than Fischer-Dieskau in his nonetheless estimable performance for Kempe. The chorus is terrific; the orchestra precise and energised, and Kubelik confirms his status as perhaps my favourite of all conductors. As for Janowitz, she is a dream. That silvery, plangent tone is ideally suited to the ethereal (slightly loopy!) Elsa. Just listen to her exchange with Ortrud in Band 5 of the second disc if you need convincing -which brings me to the most controversial piece of casting in this recording: Gwyneth Jones' Ortrud. Jones had a huge voice and the vibrato became obtrusive too early in her career, but here I think her malignancy and subtlety of characterisation carry the day. The occasional squalliness is not inappropriate and she is mostly dead on the note and really exciting; I think that others have exaggerated the wobble and their repugnance for it - I've certainly heard much worse and I admire her vehemence and intelligence. If you're unsure, try her &#34;Entweihte Goetter&#34; (the chilling invocation to demonic powers a la Lady Macbeth); I think it's great. Rather than play safe, she goes for it. You will notice that I have not mentioned James King. His is a fine, often gently sung, performance, preferable to the bleatiness of Windgassen - at least to my ears - though I would not say he is here at his very best; elsewhere, in other recordings, his voice sounds less grainy.<br /><br />So if you want a studio alternative to the famous Kempe, rather than a historically important live recording, this is it. I have known the Kempe for years and particularly admire Ludwig's Ortrud and Thomas's Lohengrin; his is probably the best assumption of all of the lead role. I'm glad to own both - but I shall return again and again to Janowitz's Elsa.e for it - I've certainly heard much worse and I admire her vehemence and intelligence. If you're unsure, try her &#34;Entweihte Goetter&#34; (the chilling invocation to demonic powers a la Lady Macbeth); I think it's great. Rather than play safe, she goes for it. You will notice that I have not mentioned James King. His is a fine, often gently sung, performance, preferable to the bleatiness of Windgassen - at least to my ears - though I would not say he is here at his very best; elsewhere, in other recordings, his voice sounds less grainy.  So if you want a studio alternative to the famous Kempe, rather than a historically important live recording, this is it. I have known the Kempe for years and particularly admire Ludwig's Ortrud and Thomas's Lohengrin; his is probably the best assumption of all of the lead role. I'm glad to own both - but I shall return again and again to Janowitz's Elsa.
B000R8YC1S|5.0|This movie has been a favorite of mine since I was little, and I jumped on the chance to buy it again. The quality of the film itself is amazing, and the extensive extra features add hours of entertainment for true Labyrinth fans. This is a must buy!
B000QUU4OQ|5.0|Gwyenth Paltrow is great in both movies.  They are romantic and so true to the English history.  Loved them!!!
0143038583|4.0|The Omnivore's Dilemma is a great introduction into the wide world of the corporate food chain.  Pollan discusses the issue that it is extremely difficult to know where the food in America comes from these days.  100 years ago, it was fairly easy to determine, when, where and who grew your dinner, but now it is virtually impossible.  Pollan, through out the book, makes four meals and follows them back to their starting points.  One at a time, he travels through the complete life (the corn fields of Iowa and Oil fields of Saudi Arabia to your plate) of an industrialized meal (McDonald's), two very different \\"organic\\" meals, and a meal where he returns to our hunter gatherer roots.    The Omnivores Dilemma is a very entertaining introduction to problems with the environment, agronomics, economics and politics. The issues covered in this book have a huge effect on all of us everyday, but we know virtually none of it.  You will be amazed at how many gallons of petroleum it takes to make a chicken nugget.  If you have ever bought something from a super market, this book is worth reading.  While not without flaws, (the book can be fairly repetitive at times and is longer than it needed to be), the only regret you will have from reading it is not being able to eat in ignorance anymore.  You owe it to yourself  to learn about what your eating and the Omnivore's Dilemma is a great place to start. Bon appetite!
B000KJT8IG|5.0|Great movie,a tradition every year in our family.  Christmas wouldn't be the same with this movie.
B000YIGNKE|1.0|In seven years of conservative government and culture, one venue I thought would remain unchanged was Masterpiece Theatre.  Since the late 1960's this PBS program has entertained Americans with film renditions of the classics like \\"War and Peace\\" and popular literature like \\"The Forsyte Saga\\".  We have had to endure however some very mediocre programming these last years and interminable reruns.  I had great hopes for tonight.  However, the change in the introductory format of this incredible and most popular event should have been the warning to avoid what was coming next.  Gillian Anderson, of X-Files fame, is no Alistair Cooke.  And tonights premiere of a new version of \\"Persuasion\\" is not persuasive.  Of anything. Frankly, Penry-Jones as the Captain, on leave, of a multi-gun warship is not persuasive.  Sally Hawkins as the girl who turned him down years before is not persuasive. Alice Krige as the overly influential godmother is not persuasive.  This production fails.  Country squires do not have the vast estates, carriages and horses, and retinues of Baronets and Earls as portrayed here.  Virginal ladies of the years between England's wars with Napolean DID NOT play Beethoven on the piano; he was considered most radical at that time and most unsuitable for wellbred and innocent ears. Naval men did not wear civvies all the time during this period.  And candlelight never had the brightness of 100 watt blubs so evident nearly throughout this film.  It is almost as if the producers and directors took their version of Austen's \\"Persuasion\\" from a Readers Digest abridged edition.  Hawkins is so anemic one wonders what Captain Wentworth ever saw in the girl.  Penry-Jones is so \\"soft\\", one wonders if this Wentworth could command anything.  Anne Eliot's hypochondriac sister, overplayed here, is so tiresome anyone, including myself, would drown the woman.  The family she has married into in Austen's novel is supposed to be on a lower social scale; being a family of gentleman farmers.  But in this film their home and possessions rival the aristocratic Eliots'.  Bit of an oops there, I think.  As for the bad boy cousin Eliot who has found favor again with his family?  Austen portrays him as an elegant and hanesome if superficial and conniving man.  There was none of that present in the actor chosen for this version.  If this premiere is an example of what we can continue to expect from PBS, thank goodness there are DVD's of better versions of Persuasion and DVD's and VHS tapes of the wonderful dramas and comedys from all the years PBS, Masterpiece Theatre, and Mystery can proud of and nearly all of them can be purchased right here at [...].  Considering that the newer directors and board members of PBS and CPB include people from very culturally rich and diverse backgrounds I am stunned even more at tonight's poor showing.  After all, they do decide what we see.  I thought the days of Bram Stoker's \\"Dracula\\" being redone as a moralistic tale of the evils of prostitution and syphillis, first shown on PBS in 2005, and other such interpretive horrors were long gone.  There may be little or no moralizing in tonight's new film of \\"Persuasion\\".  But, in truth, there was not much of anything to recommend it either, in light especially of two earlier versions either of which are so very much better in every way.eman farmers.  But in this film their home and possessions rival the aristocratic Eliots'.  Bit of an oops there, I think.  As for the bad boy cousin Eliot who has found favor again with his family?  Austen portrays him as an elegant and hanesome if superficial and conniving man.  There was none of that present in the actor chosen for this version.  If this premiere is an example of what we can continue to expect from PBS, thank goodness there are DVD's of better versions of Persuasion and DVD's and VHS tapes of the wonderful dramas and comedys from all the years PBS, Masterpiece Theatre, and Mystery can proud of and nearly all of them can be purchased right here at [...].  Considering that the newer directors and board members of PBS and CPB include people from very culturally rich and diverse backgrounds I am stunned even more at tonight's poor showing.  After all, they do decide what we see.  I thought the days of Bram Stoker's \\"Dracula\\" being redone as a moralistic tale of the evils of prostitution and syphillis, first shown on PBS in 2005, and other such interpretive horrors were long gone.  There may be little or no moralizing in tonight's new film of \\"Persuasion\\".  But, in truth, there was not much of anything to recommend it either, in light especially of two earlier versions either of which are so very much better in every way.
B000002G87|5.0|Derek and the Dominos was one of the great supergroups.  Short-lived, to be sure, but what a legacy.  Kind of like a supernova?  Shines brilliantly for a bit and then disappears. The pictures of the group at work that come with the CD are shocking in a sense.  Man, were they young when they created this masterpiece!  I'm used to Eric Clapton the way he looks now. . . .  One characteristic of this work that makes sense is that the cuts are long, and they feature a lot of instrumental work; it's like the group wants to jam a lot.  And why not?  The group was made up of some power house players: Eric Clapton (guitar/vocals), Duane Allman (Guitar), Bobby Whitlock (Keyboard/Vocals/Acoustic guitar), Jim Gordon (Percussion), and Carl Radle (Bass).<br /><br />Some illustrative cuts from this masterpiece:<br /><br />\\"Bell Bottom Blues\\" (Clapton).  One nice line:<br /><br />\\"Bell bottom blues,<br />You made me cry.<br />I don't want to lose this feeling.<br />If I could choose a place to die,<br />It would be in your arms.\\"<br /><br />Splendid guitar work and nice ensemble playing.  This is a kind of \\"laid back\\" song, with real power in the instrumental work.<br /><br />\\"Key to the Highway\\" (Segar/Broonzy). A great blues sung well rendered by this group.  The band plays well; they project a fine blues sensibility onto this song. This cut lasts over 9 minutes (like many cuts, it is leisurely, as if the band enjoys playing with one another, playing off one another). The vocals are okay, but almost secondary. The guitar work is stellar. A recurring line:<br /><br />\\"I got the key,<br />The key to the highway.\\"<br /><br />\\"Little Wing\\" (Hendrix). I like this cut, first, simply because it's a Jimmy Hendrix song. Second, the group does it justice.  The guitar work is what it should be, which is no surprise, given who is playing guitar with this group.<br /><br />Finally, \\"Layla\\" (Clapton/Gordon).  What a great opening guitar riff.  Indeed, the guitar playing is stunning throughout. Clapton, in my view, has never been a great rock and roll singer, but he does what he needs to do in this song.  The backing vocals are fine, too.  What power from this band!  The extended instrumental playing works throughout this CD--and in this song as well.  No filler or fluff here.<br /><br />So?  This is one of the finest supergroups of the time.  This CD stands up well several decades later.  One of the best of rock and roll albums. . . .he needs to do in this song.  The backing vocals are fine, too.  What power from this band!  The extended instrumental playing works throughout this CD--and in this song as well.  No filler or fluff here.    So?  This is one of the finest supergroups of the time.  This CD stands up well several decades later.  One of the best of rock and roll albums. . . .
B000LXHK2C|4.0|Personally, I liked the film enough to buy it!  What made the movie for me was the interaction with Abbie Cornish (\\"you never know, you might want to write another letter\\" - see the movie again if you missed this line - it speaks volumes!) and Marion Cotillard (What did she whisper in his ear? - see the movie again if you want to know!!).<br /><br />What I am trying to tell all of you?  See this movie again, give it another chance, and LISTEN!  See all that you missed the first time around!<br /><br />Finally, this movie wasn't great!  But, it was good!  Four stars!!
B000J103PC|5.0|I accidently saw this movie when I was on leave from the army.  I sat in the wrong theatre, but I was not dissapointed.  Anne Hathaway, Meryl Streep and all the actors/actresses did a great job in this movie.  It starts off with Hathaway looking for a job, and by chance gets a job with Streep.  Streep is the boss from hell, and Hathaway's co-workers are less than hospitable to her when she starts.  Hathaway really struggles in the job when she first starts.  As the movie continues on you will notice how Hathaway changes into a different person.  Her co-workers also change in their attitude toward her.  The ending of the movie shows you she has not changed too much, but I will not give the movie ending away.  To all the men who are thinking about this movie, this is a great movie to see, and it is not too much of a chick flick.  Also, Anne Hathaway is a fantastic looking actress.
B0000029GA|5.0|What can i possibly say about this album that hasn't already been said?  The answer to that is probably nothing.  However, this album is so good i feel compelled to say something. Nas really outdid himself with this one.  From the first to tenth track on here you'll be bobbin your head.<br /><br />You hear the phrase \\"greatest of all time\\" thrown around way too much.  This cat deserves to be called the greatest.  Nas is still putting out great albums more than a decade later but he will never top \\"Illmatic\\" and thats ok.<br /><br />To sum up \\"Illmatic\\", people this album is 12-13 years old and i still bump it almost daily.  Honestly, there's not alot of albums that i can make that claim for.  So if u don't have this, i don't really know what you've been waiting for, but go get it!<br /><br />My top 5:<br /><br />N.Y. state of mind<br />One Love<br />Halftime<br />Life's a bitch<br />Represent
B000FVNX2Q|5.0|HP 12C Platinum (25th Anniversary) has a powerful CPU, the stroke keys are also very good.   Classic calculator by HP.  I like it.
0143038419|5.0|I don't buy many books. Like many of today's movies, I don't find the cost to be worth the experience. My personal library contains a few treasures which I reread every year or so. Eat, Pray, Love is a book that I could see myself reaching for again and again. Definitely worth reading, definitely worth purchasing.
B000OVLBHG|1.0|Leaving aside the fact that it represents itself as a movie version of a classic sci-fi novel, this is quite possibly one of the worst movies ever to come out of Hollywood. It mixes human wave assaults against faceless enemies with poor story line and non existent character development. If you loved the book you'll hate this move. If you hated the book you still may hate this movie unless you're watching it to reaffirm your belief that all soldiers are knuckle dragging idiots that should be sequestered from society and disposed of, preferably by a giant cg monster.<br /><br />One of the worst movies I've ever seen. It takes a thought provoking book and throws out everything but these things: The main character is named Johnny, the bad guys are called bugs, Johnny is in the Mobile Infantry.<br /><br />I'm told that the Director was in the Dutch Marines and so I really expected better then Nazi human wave attacks in space. My guess is that either the Dutch Marines are less professional then my local boyscout troop or the Director has a very low opinion of the Military and the type of person who would willingly join.
0439882826|4.0|We purchased 2 of these books and gave them to our oldest grandsons as a collectors item and they both thought they were fantastic and liked them very much. Other than that I can not give much of a review since I only glanced through one of them.
1401207529|5.0|No matter what kind of person you are--Batman fan or no, comic fan or no--you will enjoy this story.  If you've never read a comic, make this your first!!  Highest possible recommendation.
B0000714B5|4.0|I have read the book and recommend that anyone that gets this movie first read the book. I find its a great compliment to this movie.     The movie also is very true to the book.    I enjoyed the movie very much and was very impressed that it has been out for so many years.
0393061310|5.0|Perhaps one of the most important books I've read, Diamond asks the question: Why did some human cultures innovate and prosper, and end up colonizing the rest? Why did other cultures not develop past stone tools? Gives a scientific answer not based on race. Diamond is one smart fellow. A mature scientist. He uses everything he knows in this book. Guns, Germs & Steel is a Pulitzer Prize winner, winner of the Phi Beta Kappa Award in Science, and a National Bestseller. Acclaimed by The New Yorker, New York Times, almost everyone else, major professors and-- Bill Gates. A must read for any thoughtful person. Great book club selection.
B000K15VSA|5.0|[[ASIN:B000K15VSA Blade Runner (Five-Disc Ultimate Collector's Edition)]]    After 15 years of waiting for one good version of my favorite movie Blade Runner came something I absolutely didn't expect.   Final Cut - 5 disc collection is probably the best \\"collectors\\" edition I've ever seen. Huge amount of bonuses (usualy I don't look for bonuses) and there is not only quantity, they are realy perfect!  Main movie has an outstanding remaster quality. Sound is 100% perfect, no doubts. Video stream is a little noisy, but it suits well with the atmosphere of a movie.     I don't know what to say more, this product is a must have masterpiece! Go and buy it, see for yourself.
B000VECAEO|5.0|[[ASIN:B000VECAEO Seinfeld - Season 9]]This purchase was bought as a<br />Christmas gift for my son who is collecting Seinfeld. He used to be<br />an avid watcher of the series and got me interested in it also. We all<br />enjoy watching the antics of Seinfeld and his friends. He has quite a<br />sense of humor.
B00003CX5P|4.0|Besides Return Of The Jedi this is my least favorite episode and here's why. Jar Jar Binks. A character who has no purpose other than to annoy the heck out of everyone who was wanting more Jedi Sith time onscreen. Also the storyline was not the best. The whole Gungan thing to me was not needed. Darth Maul was not used well. And I wasn't crazy about the whole midiclorian thing. The movie just took too long to get going.     Now the good. The casting was great to me. Ewan Mcgregor was the perfect choice to show us a younger Obi Wan Kenobi. Natalie Portman was good as well. Liam Neeson, Ian MaDiarmid were good as well. My favorite casting was Ray Park as Darth Maul. In the movie when the jedi are trying to return the queen to her throne and the door opens up to show us Darth Maul standing there waiting to kick some butt everyone in the movie theater had that look on their face like oh hell yeah. The whole movie we are waiting the see the Jedi in their prime and battle some Sith and we get it good.Besides the fight between Obi and Ani in Ep 3 this is my favorite fight scene.    Do I like the movie? Yes. It could have been alot better though. Take away Jar Jar Binks from the first three movies and the Ewoks from the last one and the movies would have been perfect.    Long live Star Wars.
1932100660|5.0|The China Study was published in 2005. My brother read and recommended it to everyone in our family in 2006. My sister read and recommended it to everyone in our family in 2007. I finally read it in 2008. Why did I wait so long? Because I didn't want to know about Campbell's research. I didn't want to change my comfortable eating habits.<br /><br />But I do want to be healthy, avoid the cancer that killed my beloved sister-in-law, avoid the heart attack that killed my father and the stroke that killed my mother, and avoid the macular degeneration/blindness that led to the accidental death of a dear friend. (Yes, it turns out that consuming animal protein is linked to cancer, heart disease, stroke, and macular degeneration.) If Dr. Campbell, at 80, can run several miles a day and write a meticulously researched, balanced, readable book like this, it's time I listened to his advice.<br /><br />An excellent companion volume is [[ASIN:1592981593 Avoiding Cancer One Day At A Time: Practical Advice For Preventing Cancer]] by Lynne Eldridge, M.D. and David Borgeson, since it focuses on a much larger picture than The China Study. In addition to diet, Dr. Eldridge and her epidemiologist brother recommend hundred of simple but effective things anyone can do reduce their risk of cancer. Like The China Study, Avoiding Cancer is meticulously researched, balanced, and readable, plus being humorous. It also has an eye-opening Cancer Prevention IQ test and a whole section of recipes.<br /><br />Now I am recommending both these books to everyone in my family!<br /><br />Nancy Manahan, Ph.D., author of [[ASIN:1592981798 Living Consciously, Dying Gracefully - A Journey with Cancer and Beyond]]
B000HA4WTS|5.0|I was very impressed with the HD DVD. The picture in picture feature on this title is the real star of this HD DVD. I loved this film and the bright colors and the Dolby Plus Plus soundtrack  really springs life into hi-def title. If you didn't the film there a lot features on this HD DVD to keep you entertained.The female lead,the drifting,the cars and Vin Diesel and the great picture and sound plus all of the great features on the HD DVD makes that title a must own!!
0812548094|4.0|I am more excited to read the third book having just finished book two than I was to read book two.  It was a great read, full of detail and many thoughtful little episodes that were sometimes quite touching.  I guess that many of the characters will show up in future books and I look forward to meeting up with them again.  Here are some of my random thoughts about the book:<br /><br />1.  At first, I was a bit bothered by some of the graphic violence, killing, rape, hugely bad bad guys, terribly creepy leaders, etc.  But now that I've read through it, it's a bit like graphic comic book violence or like the violence in \\"Kill Bill\\" or \\"Spiderman.\\"  It's a necessary part of the background and while still a bit too much, it is satisfying when the good guys finally come through.<br /><br />2.  I'm impressed with the massive background and detail in some of the sub-plots and how they all fit and come together.  Many viable and interesting subcultures and people are described, all who are important and yet very different and in their own ways very likable (or not).<br /><br />3.  Richard, the main man, is a strong and great character.  A lot of time was spent forming him with all of his faults and weaknesses.  There are so many traits that are great about him, gullible, loving, caring, has a bad temper, doesn't want any part of his gift, loves animals, falls into traps set by tearful women, doesn't want to wear fine clothing, is unimpressed with \\"your Creator\\" , etc.  He is as good as any of these kinds of characters.<br /><br />4.  There is a bit of a free and easy feeling about love and sex that, at first, seems a bit wrong, but as time goes by, seems to work well and flow well considering the setting and time.  I laughed many times as the \\"Mud People\\" guilelessly complimented important women on their nice breasts or bottoms.  It made me love the Mud People.<br /><br />5.  I've enjoyed how the scenes in the climax are quick and succinct, not drawn out and over-done.  So much work has gone into setting up the final scenes, and then \\"boom\\", they are come together and are very rewarding.<br /><br />6.  I believe these books need to be read sequentially and don't work on their own.<br /><br />So, in conclusion, give this book a try.  It's a great follow-up book to book one and contains a lot of rewarding and great story telling .  At least one star better than book one for me.  I'll be back to review book three in about a week.  I'm looking forward to it.e final scenes, and then \\"boom\\", they are come together and are very rewarding.      6.  I believe these books need to be read sequentially and don't work on their own.      So, in conclusion, give this book a try.  It's a great follow-up book to book one and contains a lot of rewarding and great story telling .  At least one star better than book one for me.  I'll be back to review book three in about a week.  I'm looking forward to it.
0375842381|4.0|[[ASIN:0375842381 His Dark Materials Trilogy (The Golden Compass; The Subtle Knife; The Amber Spyglass) (His Dark Materials)]]    Once begun, it was difficult to put down any of these books until finished. Caught up in the rich characterizations, the literature flowed smoothly, swiftly and energetically to its metaphysical conclusions.  Mr. Pullman's understanding of physics and the concepts of multiple universes propels the reader into the Great Comos.  Hopefully, the movie version will be able to capture the powerful essence of each of this author's triology.
B000TGGJKK|5.0|do not be bothered and buy any other troy version but this one! Excellent picture and audio quality, stacked with extras and over 1 hour of extra footage full of blood and gore! A MUST BUY!
B000WC3AJE|3.0|Like a past reviewer I also have the same package on standard DVD. Any improvement is barely discernable if at all. Even the interviews specific to the documentary have that worn '70s' look. This must be a transfer from the original film, and there doesn't seem to be any signs of 'digital restoration'. Idealy, what would unfortunatly prove too costly, some one should 'snip out' the the documentary's clips of \\"Singing In The Rain\\", \\"Wizard Of Oz\\", and all of the hundred or so original movie clips and insert the new remastered clips from the digitaly restored movies. I have many of these and they are certainly much better, cleaner and vibrant than the documentary's clips, and that's on standard DVD! Maybe some day.  If you have 'That's Entertainment' on standard DVD, don't bother upgrading! Three stars though because it still is an excellent documentary.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|I absolutely despise musicals. I simply cannot help it. So when I heard that the movie, Once, was a musical, I had little interest in it...what a mistaken point of view. I was bored one evening and rented this film and I daresay it is the best thing I have seen in a long time. That being said, the soundtrack is what makes the movie so phenomenal. Hansard and Irglova are absolutely beautiful together, both on film and in their musical collaboration. The very minute the credits started to roll, I ordered the soundtrack. This is music pure and true.<br />I wish I could describe it better. All I can say is: If you are a lover of music, rent the movie. You will want to buy the soundtrack. It is sure to make you feel something, everything, all at once.
B0009MAP9A|5.0|The header says it all I think; this album is seriously heavy, moving, and easily one of the best efforts Dylan ever put to tape. Not an album to groove around, but Dylan song writing at it's best and with a great delivery too....if you only buy one Bob Dylan album, buy this one!
0753820250|1.0|I was extremely disappointed after finally finishing this book. I found it predictable and just plain boring. Halfway through it got a little more exciting, but keep in mind that was 250 pages in! I felt that it had to have some redeeming qualities to get such rave reviews, so I pushed on. Should have gone with my instincts and just let it go.
0060763892|2.0|I understand Rollins' novels are not real. Bad guys always reveal their entire scheme to captured heroes but don't kill them right away and have their plans foiled by the very heroes they should have killed right then and there...etc.    But...    After reading Black Order and Amazonia, I ordered a bunch of Rollins' other books. Diving into Judas Strain, I began to notice errors...    Does Marco Polo return in one boat or two?  But Rollins says they burned all \\"the galleys except for the ONE preserved for their departure\\". And later he wrote that Polo returned in one boat. But Khan gave him fourteen galleys and he burned the twelve with the plague, that leaves two galleys...I'm confused...    A patient lying down is supine, not \\"prone\\". Prone is lying facing down. The character he was referring to obviously was not facing down on the bed...    On page 253 he refers to the angelic symbol found on the back of the \\"third\\" gold paitzu... It was the second one, not the third! It drove me crazy! I thought I missed something and went back and re-read earlier portions of the book but it clearly was the second. What an obvious mistake!    Needlessly to say I was too frustrated and disappointed to continue reading this book...No more Sigma Force! Please!
0143038419|1.0|Many book groups are reading this book, which is how I encountered it. It was a trial to get through. While I expected a book about a personal spiritual journey, I thought it would have relevance to most readers. This seemed instead to be a narcissistic exploration of the author's own emotional life.  I wonder what a word count of the pronoun \\"I\\" would reveal? Her simplistic descriptions of the residents of India and Bali smacked of condescension. Read Greg Mortenson's Three Cups of Tea if you would like to read an inspiring encounter with another culture.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|Eye-opening. I'm not a Michael Moore fan in general, but this was a great documentary/movie or whatever you want to call it. I also watched ALL of the special features and highly recommend them. The private healthcare in this country is a huge failure overall... let's fix it so we're not the only western democracy without universal healthcare.
B0000025JT|5.0|The late 70s was probably a time of artistic low for Barbra Streisand.  Sure, she was releasing hit song after hit song, and her movies were huge hits, but they were pretty much more about the money, and not the art.  That all changed when Guilty was released in 1980.  Not only did she have a huge success with a dying music trend, but she also recorded what is arguably her best album ever.    01.  \\"Guilty\\"- possibly the strongest track on the album, this is a mid-tempo number that not only has a fantastic rhythm, but a great chemistry between Barbra and Barry Gibb.  It gets an A    02.  \\"Woman In Love\\"- another mid-tempo number (though actually closer to slow), this was a huge hit for Barbra, and with her great phrasing and beautiful voice, it'll be easy to hear why.  A-    03.  \\"Run Wild\\"- a very pretty song, only added by the fact that is has a goosebump-inducing guitar rift between stanzas.  Pretty sexy too.  A-    04.  \\"Promises\\"- a great song to gear you up after the slow pace thus far.  A really fun track, especially if you want to dance.  A    05.  \\"The Love Inside\\"- a very sad, but very touching song.  Prime example of Barbra singing movingly without oversinging.  Not the greatest song, but pretty good.  B+    06.  \\"What Kind of Fool\\"- another duet with Barry Gibb.  Not as good as the title track, but still a good listen.  B+    07.  \\"Life Story\\"- a lovely mid-tempo track that finally has Barbra in a more feminist voice, than a weak I-need-a-man voice.  Very Nice.  A-    08.  \\"Never Give Up\\"- another fun fast song, which will have your foot tapping in no time.  Should have been released as a single, but what's done is done.  A    09.  \\"Make it Like a Memory\\"- perhaps the only song on here that I can say is just okay.  Not too memorable (no pun intended), a bit overlong, and the instrumentation is rather overblown.  But still, a powerful song, that isn't totally unmoving.  B-    An album that every fan will want, but even self-proclaimed haters of Barbra Streisand could probably find a few songs that are very enjoyable on here.  Aside from the Broadway Album, this is Barbra's best album.  And the 2005 sequel, Guilty Pleasures, is a great listen as well.
B00005JMXX|1.0|I couldn't take this movie, and had to turn away after a half hour or so.  The acting is just par, the script is unintentionally hilarious (giant hail knocking Japanese unconscious on the streets of Tokyo could be mistaken for a great SNL skit, it's so funny), and the most overbearing, self-righteous eco-paternalism you have *ever* witnessed.      Unless you are hopelessly enthralled with the eco-fascists, skip this one.
0240808452|5.0|I bought this book for Xmas for my son's girlfriend.  Both my son and his girlfriend are Animation students at San Jose State University.  They have to draw constantly.  I mean CONSTANTLY.  She said that this is a terrific book.  This is coming from an Animation student and you cannot get better feedback than that.  Highly recommend this book.
038572179X|5.0|Over the course of a stifling summer day, the wildly imaginative thirteen-year-old Briony Tallis espies a series of encounters between her older sister, Cecilia, and her family's charlady's son, Robbie. Replete with feelings of both protection for her sister and abhorrence toward Robbie, Briony's misperceptions breed a recrimination that follows everyone invloved through the entirety of their lives.     McEwan's painstakingly meticulous detailing and unequivocally realistic portraits of diversely charming yet haltingly flawed characters make for one of my favorite reads in a long time.
B000R8YC1I|5.0|My 22 year old son and his girlfriend, who are Animation Majors at San Jose State University loved this \\"Dark Crystal 25th Anniversary Edition\\", but I have no clue why.  As a Mom, it just doesn't appeal to me, but hey, it was a Christmas gift, they loved it, that is all that matters.
B000YXMMAE|4.0|I've listened to this CD about a dozen times and I like it. It has the musical experimentation I've come to expect from Radiohead complete with a dash of pretension and more than a little esotericism. Like the other two Radiohead albums I own, In Rainbows is a serious trip and these fellas once again prove they are masters of surreal tunes and magical music. My favorite songs from the album right now are \\"15 Steps\\" (a relentless beating of a song with a nice bass undercurrent), \\"Bodysnatchers\\" (the only real loud rocker on the album) \\"Weird Fishes/Arpeggi\\" (a silky smooth hypnotizer that could melt you) and \\"Reckoner\\" (arguably the strongest vocals of the album and a cymbal crasher's delight). While noticeably reduced in it's presence, the electronic harmony that has made Radiohead the modern musician's darling continues to blend well into most tracks. This album is definitely an easy listen for Radiohead fans and may be a bit more accessible for non-fans looking for good music that is both soulful and different from the norm.    My only complaint with the album: damn, is this thing ever quiet! I'm no expert on Radiohead, but this is easily the softest album of the three I'm familiar with. The majority of In Rainbows definitely lacks the hardness and that scrape-along-the-circuit-board sound which was a trademark appearing in both The Bends and OK Computer. I felt myself waiting for a track to explode into the album like The Bends title track and \\"Just\\" or a ripping Greenwood guitar riff like \\"Airbag\\" or \\"Paranoid Android\\" on OK Computer, but it never came. And I can't help but feel disappointed, because Radiohead knows how to do a truly interesting electric guitar solo without ever sounding cliched and boring like virtually all modern rock songs from lesser bands trying desperately to capture the past glory of that magical instrument. The album even ends on a barely there note with \\"Videotape\\", a track which is practically whispered out by lead singer Thom Yorke with the only power coming from the piano (I swear to gawd). If there's one truthful complaint I have of In Rainbows it's the need this album has for a serious jolt of electricity.    Overall, In Rainbows is a solid album that delivers truly unique rock music art that stands apart from the chaff even if the album could use a good shot of adrenaline.
B0011NVC98|3.0|The story of Beowulf is the oldest story of the English language. It's an epic story about a heroic man who seems capable of doing supernatural deeds.  When I was a senior in high school I read Beowulf for the first time and loved the story and themes the story was about.  I enjoyed reading the story even more years later in college when I had an opportunity to read a few portions in the original Old English.  I enjoyed the story just as much a few later when I read Semus Heaney's translation soon after it was published.  The story is a grand one and is an archetype of a grand heroic epic.  One would think that someone would use the story to write a great script and make a great movie.  Several film adaptations have been made of the story, but none of them have been very good.  Most of them have attempted to add their own twist on the story and in doing so ruin the essence of the epic nature of the story (the closest film adaptation of the story is THE 13TH WARRIOR with Antonio Banderas and Beowulf isn't even a character).  Therefore, I was very excited to learn that Robert Zemeckis (BACK TO THE FUTURE, FORREST GUMP, CASTAWAY) was making a new animated version of the story using his new ground-breaking CGI process.  When I learned that Neil Gaiman was one of the screenwriters, I became even more interested in the movie.  However, like many films released in 2007, BEOWULF just didn't live up to the hype.<br /><br />The setting is in a remote part of Denmark sometime during the Dark Ages.  King Hrothgar (Anthony Hopkins), his wife Wealthow (Robin Wright Penn), and his subjects are having a major celebration triumphing the completion of the new mead hall, Heorot.  Hrothgar becomes heavily inebriated as do his men and the beginnings of an orgy ensue.  But the celebration has awakened a giant monster, Grendel (Crispin Glover), from his peaceful slumber.  Grendel barges into Heorot and no one is able to stop him.  The people flee and Heorot is sealed shut.<br /><br />The story fast-forwards to the arrival of Beowulf (Ray Winston).  Beowulf has come to slay the beast Grendel and bring peace to Hrothgar's kingdom.  Beowulf fights the monster naked and as the creature flees he traps its arm in a door and removes it.  It appears that life can return to normal, but there is something rotten in the state of Denmark:  Grendel's mother (Angelina Jolie) lives and seeks revenge for the death of her son.  Traveling with his faithful companion Wiglaf (Brendan Gleeson), Beowulf tracks the monster to the cave where she resides.  The creature isn't exactly like he imagined.  Beowulf is tempted and has to make a choice.  Beowulf learns a terrible secret while in the cave.<br /><br />Years later, Beowulf is now an old man and King of the Danes.  He is married to Wealthow and they have no children.  They love each other, but Beowulf if full of vices and has had many mistresses.  The kingdom has grown and become strong.  But a new evil in the form of a dragon threatens that prosperity.  Beowulf has to face the creature and make amends with his past.<br /><br />Most of the discussion about BEOWULF has been about the animation.  Some people love it, some think it is terrible.  There's no doubt that the film further pushes the envelope of the use of technology in filmmaking.  I found the animation to be incredible realistic, almost too much so.  At times the film seemed to be a surreal dream.  Also, the characters eyes don't convey much emotion and therefore at times it feels like one is watching an extended video game sequence rather than an entire movie.  Despite that, I was neither impressed by the animation nor turned off by it.<br /><br />What disappointed me about the movie was the story.  For example, the film turns Grendel's mother into a beautiful woman that seduced Hrothgar and attempts to seduce Beowulf.  Beowulf is supposed to kill her, not sleep with here.  I was also disappointed in the death of Hrothgar and Beowulf becoming King of the Danes.  In the original story, Beowulf returns to his own people and becomes their King. He fights off giants and invaders and lives a very happy life and brings prosperity to his kingdom.  When the dragon comes, everyone but Wiglaf forsakes him and because he seems to always do the right thing, he tracks the creature to it's lair and fights it.  No major film version of Beowulf has ever told the story the way it was originally told.  BEOWULF could have, but instead decided to \\"update\\" the story with a \\"modern\\" approach.  Beowulf in this movie is a hero, but he is not an epic hero.  Instead, he's watered down with lustful longings, lying boasts, jealous cravings, and greed-filled dreams.  One of the reasons I always liked the story of Beowulf is because he is a character that one wants to try to be like; at times his life seems inhuman, but he is an ideal, a person to pattern one's life after.  BEOWULF takes all of that away from Beowulf and makes the character just an ordinary man who happens to be really, really strong.<br /><br />Other than the perhaps the animation, the most impressive thing about the movie is the music.  The instrumentals are full of majesty and the vocal numbers, especially those sung by Robin Wright Penn, are full of wistful longing.<br /><br />The film is rated PG-13, but should have been rated R.  There's lots of graphic violence, many overt sexual allusions, and even some full frontal nudity.<br /><br />Overall, BEOWULF tries to be ground-breaking movie that is the penultimate film adaptation of the classic story, but instead is just an expensive imitation like all the movie versions that have come before.rns to his own people and becomes their King. He fights off giants and invaders and lives a very happy life and brings prosperity to his kingdom.  When the dragon comes, everyone but Wiglaf forsakes him and because he seems to always do the right thing, he tracks the creature to it's lair and fights it.  No major film version of Beowulf has ever told the story the way it was originally told.  BEOWULF could have, but instead decided to \\"update\\" the story with a \\"modern\\" approach.  Beowulf in this movie is a hero, but he is not an epic hero.  Instead, he's watered down with lustful longings, lying boasts, jealous cravings, and greed-filled dreams.  One of the reasons I always liked the story of Beowulf is because he is a character that one wants to try to be like; at times his life seems inhuman, but he is an ideal, a person to pattern one's life after.  BEOWULF takes all of that away from Beowulf and makes the character just an ordinary man who happens to be really, really strong.    Other than the perhaps the animation, the most impressive thing about the movie is the music.  The instrumentals are full of majesty and the vocal numbers, especially those sung by Robin Wright Penn, are full of wistful longing.    The film is rated PG-13, but should have been rated R.  There's lots of graphic violence, many overt sexual allusions, and even some full frontal nudity.    Overall, BEOWULF tries to be ground-breaking movie that is the penultimate film adaptation of the classic story, but instead is just an expensive imitation like all the movie versions that have come before.
B00079018K|5.0|The uniqueness of the songs immediately grabbed me with their propulsive beats, tasty hooks, skillful writing and fresh arrangements.  It's one of those rare albums where every song is a winner -- no filler here. To me, their sound is a unique blend of what would happen if a brooding indie rocker had his songs remixed by a club DJ.  (Note:  This album is far superior to their follow-up CD (Empire), so get this one first.)
B00003JRCQ|5.0|Ordered kinda late but, DVD arrived on time for Christmas gift.  very satisfied with service of seller
0596007124|5.0|I bought this book because I got into the wave of designing software using UML designing tools.<br />As a beginner I found it useful but now looking back this won't save you from countless hours of breaking your head how to joggle with the design to fit in the requirements. And the childish design it actually helps. The books looks fluffy and this lets you see the skeleton of ideas from behind.<br />When talking about requirements I speak about memory footprint, speed of execution, flexibility, extensibility and so on.<br />I think this book will help you understand why the solution that you found by yourself actually work and improve the ones that you already have.<br />If you think that you'll become a good designer reading this, you are in for a big surprise.<br />As with most of things good guidance and a lot of work helps materialize a good theory.<br />Take the book and make a few designs. In the first designs don't think about any requirements just design to become able to spot the most obvious design mistakes.<br />Than go back and impose harder design requirements like how you can tweak  it to become faster or consume less memory while still analyzing the design from the book perspective. After a few designs you'll definitely become a better designer.<br />Another book that helped me was [[ASIN:0321334876 Effective C++: 55 Specific Ways to Improve Your Programs and Designs (3rd Edition) (Addison-Wesley Professional Computing Series)]]. This one is very practical and will help you understand that design patterns are dust in the eyes some times when memory and speed requirements are very tight.<br />This is my advice from my own experience. If it helps than I guess it is a good advice.
B000VSBX34|5.0|A fun romp with the Fab Four. Different from a \\"Hard Day's Night\\" in that there is a story line. Albeit a pedictable one. Ringo gets a ring given to him  by a soon to be a sacrificed girl. Trouble is only the one who wears the ring can be sacrificed. The villains  a far eastern cult tries to get the ring back- failing that. They go after Ringo to sacrifice him instead to their god. Yeah it is silly and is a bit like a long version of \\"The Monkees show\\" but with the Liverpool Lads going to extreme lengths to protect Ringo while singing one terrific song after another. Songs like \\"Help!\\", \\"You're going to lose that girl\\", \\"You've got to hide your love away\\" and \\"the night before\\" and more Their antics and their usual humor makes this an enjoyable - turn your mind off- movie.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|I work in the health care industry and so I put off watching this DVD, afraid that it would depress me.  It not only depressed me, but made me angry that our country has been hijacked by Big Business.  Everything<br />in this documentary is true.  It should be required viewing in all schools. American citizens must realize that governments should fear their people, not the other way around.  No matter how you feel about Michael Moore, the issues in this documentary are too important to be dismissed because you don't like the film maker.
B000TFINY6|5.0|Lost in 1080p looks great!  $58 is still a little high in my mind but oh well.  Where are seasons 1 and 2???
B00002E224|5.0|The movie was wonderful and the sender sent it within the given time span. Thanks!
B000UJ48SQ|4.0|They managed to 16x9 enhance 2 full frame films of Kubrick- yet 2 films shot 1:66 were not enhanced- and not included in a KUBRICK MASTERPIECE BOX!-LOLITA and BARRY LYNDON-LYNDON would have been given a little bit more rez, and lose that awful square TV shape. WHY didnt they put in just an iota worth of extra effort to be proud of?!    What are they smoking over there?
0743408233|5.0|After Basilisk Station, you might have wondered, but Honor of the Queen confirms that whenever Honor Harrington is assigned some sort of mission she will accomplish at least two things: 1) just about completely destroy whatever ship is under her direct command (not on purpose - it's just an inevitable outcome of being led by her), and 2) she will absolutely devastated her opponents, emerging not unscathed, but completely victorious and more than likely snag a promotion or two in the mix, as well as the uninhibited gratitude of all around her.<br /><br />Harrington is being sent with a diplomatic mission to the planet of Grayson - who should know by the fact that Honor is coming that something catastrophic and horrendous is about to happen to their society.  Not to mention that the Graysons are pretty close to being religious zealots who have completely denied women in their society any and all rights to women. How long will that last with Honor on the way? Oh, and throw in a mix of even more religious zealots who want to completely wipe out and suppress the Graysons. Any bids on who ends up standing up to them for Grayson?<br /><br />In Honor of the Queen Webber has once again struck a near perfect balance of relentless action against political intrigue. In a few places it starts to get monotonous, but if you just persevere a little bit more you find the release of the action completely worth the build of the intrigue.<br /><br />The most wonderful part of the book is another chance to spend more time with Harrington and see her develop more as a leader as well as discovering more depths of her character and passions. And the raw power residing in her person is just incredible. One of my favorite scenes is where she and Nimitz almost singlehandedly take out a crew of assassins.<br /><br />Contrary to how my first paragraph may have sounded, I do absolutely recommend this book. I highly recommend you read Basilisk Station first - but do yourself a favor and grab as many of these Honor Harrington books as you can and curl up for a looooong time with some incredible writing.oks as you can and curl up for a looooong time with some incredible writing.
B000LX00RY|4.0|This isn't my usual type of movie, but many people were talking about it so I watched it. If it's an accurate portrayal, it's an interesting look inside the fashion industry, the fashion moguls who drive it, and the people whose lives depend on it. The entire cast turn in very strong performances; Stanley Tucci was my favorite as Streep's artistic director, Anne Hathaway is a talented newcomer, and of course Streep practically steals the show as the boss from hell who everyone fears but loves to hate. If you're into high fashion, just watching the never-ending procession of designer clothes might be worth it by itself. The personal drama and plot revolve around a bright, young college grad who, by some strange turn of events, finds herself in apparently the most sought after and probably top entry level job in the industry as Streep's assistant, a job she really isn't suited for. Overall, it's a fine movie that provides an interesting look at what for me was a little known industry.
B000050IE6|5.0|All things considered, I find this to be Opeth's finest album. Every track is strong and album is seamless from both a conceptual and technical standpoint. Landmark recording, buy it and listen to it.
0060763280|5.0|I found this book so wonderful I purchased 10 more and gave them as gifts to people I thought could benefit from it.
B00029R5NO|5.0|My girlfriend asked for this CD and was so happy to receive it on Christmas morning!  She has listened to it and downloaded most of it to her ipod.
B000VWYJ86|4.0|Jason Bourne (played to perfection by Matt Damon, who masters and pushes up several notches the combination of relentless drive and unsettled confusion that Harrison Ford modelled as Indiana Jones, Han Solo and Jack Ryan) is on a mission.  His girlfriend was killed, he was pushed out of hiding and is ready to take on the organization he once served directly and discover how he came to be what he is.  What ensues is a non-stop and brutal chain of events -- one of the most intense experiences I've had in the theaters in a very long time.  Other reviewers have summarized the plot further and addressed several details -- I just wanted to speak to some of the complaints raised about editing in this film.  Director Paul Greengrass and Matt Damon have stated several times that they did not want to do James Bond -- cool, easy, stylish killing and violence without consequences or remorse (this is not as true of Casino Royale, but that film owes a great deal to the aesthetic and approach pioneered in the Bourne Identity and Supremacy).  The aim is for a kind of documentary realism, a feeling of being in on the action and uncertainty, as well as an awareness of the unsettling and frightening consequences of the violence that follows.  To my mind, the editing technique that was begun in Identity and perfected in Ultimatum is essential to this aim.  The classical Hollywood style of editing is for continuity: every cut should be seamless, almost unnoticeable, and there are a number of techniques that allow for this: cutting on action, cutting for reaction, matching shots and placement, etc., techniques that are so well worn that they almost become a cliche.  This kind of editing is rarely possible with documentary footage -- especially when it is action and captured on the fly.  Greengrass and his editor avoid cliche meticulously and cut for movement and to duplicate the mindset of Bourne, his constantly needing to look behind his back, his uncertainty and his drive, a style that gives this film a documentary feel.  The editing of the film is unsettling and occasionally confusing because it aims to unsettle and  aims to generate the experience of unpredictability and confusion and raw shock in the audience that the actions documented in the film should generate.  It aims not to be merely an engaging but escapist fantasy into a world outside and apart from everyday life but injects its scenario into a real world with living breathing characters like ourselves.  Unlike standard action fare, in which \\"collateral damage\\" (e.g. the people who die in car accidents indirectly caused as Bruce Willis chases down the bad guy in a Taxi) is ignored, the effects of Jason Bourne's actions would have real-life consequences that are not simply evaded here.  I think the film achieves its aims extremely well, and in the process took me places I haven't been in film.  That's why I watch movies, and here's to more directors willing to push the envelope of screen technique even at the risk of alienating some audiences.gives this film a documentary feel.  The editing of the film is unsettling and occasionally confusing because it aims to unsettle and  aims to generate the experience of unpredictability and confusion and raw shock in the audience that the actions documented in the film should generate.  It aims not to be merely an engaging but escapist fantasy into a world outside and apart from everyday life but injects its scenario into a real world with living breathing characters like ourselves.  Unlike standard action fare, in which \\"collateral damage\\" (e.g. the people who die in car accidents indirectly caused as Bruce Willis chases down the bad guy in a Taxi) is ignored, the effects of Jason Bourne's actions would have real-life consequences that are not simply evaded here.  I think the film achieves its aims extremely well, and in the process took me places I haven't been in film.  That's why I watch movies, and here's to more directors willing to push the envelope of screen technique even at the risk of alienating some audiences.
B000YAA6AU|4.0|I found the book to be slow and depressing, and to me the movie was the complete opposite! Seeing the previews I was excited to see Gerard Butler and Jeffrey Dean Morgan and that alone almost sold me. But I thought maybe if they improved on it and made it more about...picking yourself back up then the book did that I would enjoy it more. I was right thankfully! I'll also say that I'm a big fan of movies like the notebook and a walk to remember, and this seemed to fall into the same caliber of movie for me.<br />  It really got you to understand the main characters' relationship and also kept the main elements of the book in my opinion. I usually don't really like Hilary Swank but she was charming and engaging(though, really shouldn't sing along with Judy Garland, that was painful). My only complaint was that I cried so much it gave me a headache, though, it would redeem itself by giving you a good laugh immediately following a really sad part. So I deducted just one star because by the end, I was mentally BEGGING them not to go thru another letter, I didn't think my poor tear ducts could handle it. I would also say, though I considered dragging my boyfriend(who apparently had no clue about the premise to begin with and would have been going in blindly!) it was much better to go with my best friend who had also read the book(though she said I cried too much). Its a chick flick in my opinion, though I have heard other guys didn't mind it. =) I would happily recommend it as a really fun movie that I absolutely loved. Bring lots of tissue!
B000YPUF9W|2.0|I am a big fan of Milla Jovovich. But I must say I also don't cut her much if any slack if her movies stink. I liked the first Resident Evil movie and thought the second one was just plain horrible. I had heard from several people and from several reviews that this movie basically was a dog. I must say that after watching it that I thought it wasn't that bad and was superior to #2. I liked Milla's action scenes and though the movie wasn't as good as the first it was entertaining.
0143038419|5.0|This book needs to be read more than once because the insights become richer each time. It provides permission to explore what we all yearn for - peace, happiness, LOVE - for ourselves, our fellow human beings but especially our God without being religious or preachy. It is written through one woman's experiences that we learn along with her about what is really important and that the answers have always been there in her (and  your) heart. I love that it is a true story and that it IS a story.
1582701709|5.0|This is written in an excellent style however it all has been told in different books in much different ways.
B000XA5K48|5.0|This was the best movie that I've ever seen. The plot was simple but good. The good guy was hard core and didn't soften up in the end like so many heroes do. And best of all it's non-stop shooting with a little comedy.
B0007YMUZW|5.0|Best Ryan Adams album hands down. This will be the one he will be remembered by when he is long dead. Timeless stuff folks.
B000NVIXDW|5.0|First off, Michael Bubl&eacute; is one talented guy. His vocals are amazing, no matter what style he's going for. And he's great at chosing songs that will really showcase his talent. My favorites: \\"It Had Better Be Tonight (Meglio Stasera)\\", \\"Me and Mrs. Jones\\", \\"Lost\\" (self-penned... AMAZING!), \\"Call Me Irresponsible\\" (he's so good at the jazz-y stylistic stuff!), and \\"Always On My Mind\\", but it's not really saying much to single these few out because I love every one of the songs on the album (and all of his albums, actually). It's full of more of the good stuff that he had going on in It's Time. Just a guy singing songs that you can't resist loving, whether that means snapping your fingers to the beat of a fast number or smiling sentimentally while Michael croons away in the background. And he really is a pretty darn good singer, which is saying a lot in our life and time.
B0006GAOBI|4.0|This movie wasn't like anything I had ever seen. I liked that it was different and challenging. A movie like this just shows you that there are new and fresh ideas out there if Hollywood would just stop making sequel after sequel and rehashing of old TV shows.
0440238609|1.0|If the Harry Potter series can be described as \\"Lord of the Rings\\" light, this series would have to be described as \\"Fractured Fairy Tales\\" light.  The protagonists stumble from one improbable escape from danger to another.  The supposed philosophy for challenging authority is missing most of the time and is badly developed and half-baked when it is developed.  Don't waste your time.
B00004RFDW|5.0|Everyone does a great job of acting. I forgot this was a movie as I watched it. I was outraged that the poor smuck that trusted 60 MINUTES to run his expose of the tobacco industry was abandoned by Mike Wallace and his gang and that he lost everything, his retirement income, his home and his wife and litle girls, while Wallace's big worry was how he would be remembered after he retired from 60 MINUTES.
B000JKA0B0|5.0|Anything from Rammstein is always quality. You can't expect anything less from them. Vokerball is no different. Awesome.
B000VDDDVO|5.0|Simply an amazing movie. Can not experience Christmas without watching this classic moive. Stewart at his best, 1st Stewart movie after retuning from the war, proves he still has the stuff to make movies. Great Movie, Great Actor, Great Director, Great story that only Dickens can rival. If you only have room for one Christmas movie in your collection this is the one.
B000VNMMRA|5.0|So John McClane is back and believe me he does not disappoint! This is one of my favorite Die Hard films (not as good as the first but better than the other two in my opinion). Bruce Willis is incredible as always and Justin Long definitely brings some humor to the film. Great movie!
0765318741|5.0|This haunting and original 1955 science fiction novel started the modern post-apocalyptic vampire genre.  It is called the first modern vampire novel and influenced the zombie genre as well.  However, the movie with Will Smith is at best loosely inspired by it. I fear many people will not read the book because they have seen this or one of the other movies inspired by the novel.  That would be a shame.<br /><br />The novel has roots in science fiction and has spawned dozens of other books and movies.  Three movie adaptations were directly inspired by it, [[ASIN:B000WC3A0I The Last Man on Earth]], [[ASIN:B000P0J0BU The Omega Man]], and now [[ASIN:B00005JPTI I Am Legend]].  In all three movies very little of the original novel remains.<br /><br />Richard Matheson wrote a number of episodes for the Twilight Zone including \\"Nightmare at 20,000 feet\\" and \\"Steel.\\"  Stephen King listed him as a creative influence and once said, \\"without Richard Matheson I wouldn't be around.\\"  The 1957 movie the Incredible Shrinking Man is based on his story.  There is even a character named \\"Senator Richard Matheson,\\" who appears in several episodes of the X-Files as a tribute to his influence.  I could go on, but you get the idea, his influence has been great.<br /><br />Within the vampire and zombie genre this is a superior story.  If you want to know the plot of this superior novel, you can find it online.  I won't be the spoiler.  I will say that if you enjoy this kind of story this is a novel you should read.<br /><br />Recommendation:  Don't judge this book by any of the movies inspired by it.  They are at best passing entertainment.  This novel remains original and haunting.  I found myself mulling it over in my mind days afterward.  I recommend it.  Five stars.<br /><br />Kyle Pratt
B00005JLEU|5.0|A fantastic movie, full of wonder and other fantastic things. It's very imaginative and creative and you won't find yourself regretting it. I've been a fan of anime for a long time and this one is especially good. Appropriate for children too in my opinion.    Miyazaki really is a master at what he does. All his movies are wonderful.
0307346617|5.0|This book is an absolute gem for those who love everything zombie. I am on my second read already. It draws the reader in, making the phenomenon believable. The idea of the dead returning to seek the flesh of the living is terrifying. What does it take for lights and gates to be installed at a RR crossing? Numerous deaths. Run to the synagogue, church or mosque to pray and you'll become prey.  You can depend on rabbis, preachers, priests and mullahs about as much as you can depend on the government, authorities and the media to tell the truth and protect you. Mezmerizing, fascinating, and a good read.
B000TGJ80I|5.0|Picked up this and the sequel (BOGO) as my first 2 Blu-Ray's to test out my new Blu-Ray disc player (BDPS300) that I got free with my new TV (46XBR4).  All I can say is WOW!  At a full 1080P/24P, this movie looks outstanding. Much much better than the standard DVD upconverted.
0439813786|5.0|...and you have a perfect audience for this amazing book!    My daughter and I just finished reading Hugo Cabret tonight, and I am stunned by the sadness I feel at it being over.  Even my daughter said to me, \\"Can we read it again - Right now!\\"  A masterpiece, clever, dramatic, fasted paced...  What more can I say?  I would've given in ten stars if I could!  Bravo.    p.s. I don't understand the negative reviews re: the illustrations being part of the story?? Seriously?  It's wonderful and fresh, and a work of art....
B00005JPTI|4.0|Hollywood takes the haunting and original 1955 science fiction novel by Richard Matheson and turns it into a horror movie--a good horror move but horror nonetheless.  Indeed this is what all such movies would be if they had great actors, good writing, a plot and a real budget.  I just wish they had called it something other than I Am Legend.<br /><br />The novel had roots in science fiction and forged new ground with the vampire genre and it spawned dozens of other books and two movies inspired directly by it, [[ASIN:B000WC3A0I The Last Man on Earth]] and [[ASIN:B000P0J0BU The Omega Man]].  As with these adaptations, very little of the original novel remains in this latest movie.<br /><br />However, I asked myself if I would have enjoyed the movie if I had never read the book.  Yes, I would have.  This is not great cinema, but in the horror genre it ranks high.  Most of the CGI was excellent.  The scenes of a bleak and uninhabited New York were compelling and Will Smith is a superior actor.  The trepidation during the scenes in the dark warehouse and as the vampires attacked his home were real for me.<br /><br />The movie is a passing entertainment.  The book, [[ASIN:0765318741 I Am Legend]], remains original and haunting.  I found myself thinking of the novel days after I read it.  The book is five stars.  This movie which, as I said, is only loosely inspired by the book I give four stars.  If the movie had not claimed the mantle of Matheson's novel I might have given it five stars.<br /><br />Recommendation:  This is a horror movie where monsters lurk in dark places and inhabit the night seeking to kill people.  I cannot recommend it for pre-teens.  But for the rest of us, if you like the genre and don't mind how they have distorted Matheson's novel, this is an entertaining movie.<br /><br />Kyle Pratt
1591840562|5.0|You've heard `Success leaves Clues\\". Save yourself a lot of headaches. I purchased this book over 2 years ago and found myself pulling it off the shelf again for a second valuable read. Opportunities are too precious as well as wasting your time and finances. Great read for the entrepreneur and upper management.
1426430981|5.0|It is nice that someone decided to republish this book (when I was a kid it was almost impossible to find).  Anyway, the edition is nice, but it would be cool if someone did an academic edition of the book.  I am surprised no one has thought of this yet.
B000MRAAJW|1.0|The Planet Earth HD DVD would not play in our New HD DVD Player.  Other movies would play.  I do not understand why this set would not play.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|I'm so glad I saw this movie in the theater first--the first time Remy (the rat) scampers up to a rooftop and beholds the glittering skyline of Paris in the evening, it took my breath away. The animation is delightful and the premise adorable. Not just any rodent, but a rat, normally one of the filthiest of garbage-eating creatures, has a highly developed sense of--culinary excellence. He watches cooking shows on TV and has taught himself about cooking, with no opportunity to try it other than to try to smoke a gourmet mushroom scavenged from a field in the French countryside over a chimney. He hides his interest from his skeptical and domineering father, longing for more from life than stealing garbage to eat. When his colony must evacuate the countryside, they wind up in the sewers of Paris. Separated from his family, Remy finds amusement in watching the hierarchical workings of a true Parisian restaurant kitchen until he accidentally winds up running for his life IN the kitchen. When a garbage boy accidentally ruins a pot of soup, Remy can't resist trying to fix it  before trying to escape. And thus, his fate and that of the garbage boy become entwined and the strangest symbiotic relationship is formed, where Remy can fulfill his artistic impulses with the help of the talent-less-but-human Linguini. The plot scampers along with amusing twists and turns give the viewer various tastes of Paris, French cuisine, and cooking. I actually enjoy watching this movie with the captions on to catch all of the references to specialty cheeses and the mysterious characters of the restaurant staff among other things. It's also a story about independence, family bonds, friendship in the face of prejudice, and following one's heart (or taste) to pursue their talents. The movie is smartly done and seems very authentic, from the elegant cheese cart to the geography of the city. If one wants to have a little \\"taste\\" of Paris, this is a fun family friendly way of doing it.
0143038583|4.0|The Omnivore's Dilemma is repetitive at points but well written overall. The call to know the true costs associated with the food we eat is a worthy one. This examination will change the way we eat if we're bold enough to sacrifice the relative ease that accompanies the status quo.
B00004BZ0V|1.0|I don't really see the need to comment on the musical merits of the album, seeing as how you can review the track listing and decide whether it represents the Clash as you want them represented.  Furthermore, others have already weighed in aplenty.    The problem here is the intolerable, grating wall of noise that the record company has reduced this music to.  Folks, don't buy compilations or \\"remasters\\" that were done after the mid-'90s.  The record companies have inexplicably and systematically destroyed every recording of the last decade in an attempt to make it \\"louder\\", with no conceivable justification or benefit.  I have 45s of Clash songs that blow this CD away sonically, meaning that you can actually stand to listen to them.    This CD will have you turning it down and then simply turning it off.  It is THAT irritating to listen to.  Drums have no punch.  Cymbals don't peek (or peak) through the muddy, crushed mix.  The record companies' destruction of cherished recordings with dynamic compression will stand as one of the bigger artistic crimes of our time.  Look it up: the loudness war, and dynamic compression.  IT'S AN OUTRAGE.
B000059T1E|5.0|There are old stand-bys in Metamorpho's world like life perservers when the going gets tough and Metamorpho gets moaning. Not that I am ever known to whine people. (I hear laughs! Search the audience! I want names, dates, places on my desk in the morning!). O.K., where was I? Oh yes, there are just great recordings that I rely on to get my fair share of joy and revelry in this poor, old (and sometimes) pathetic world. This is one of them. A pure pop-rock-jazz influenced gem if there ever was one.<br /><br />Did I not tell you (it seems like leagues ago) that Clapton and Winwood gave a great show with Blind Faith, but the best was yet to come. Well, I already gave you the Layla Lecture (a noted high point in your beloved Seer's career), but now I give you Winwood's triumph, John Barleycorn.<br /><br />It is magikal, effervescent (sort of like the bubbles that make their way to the top of Metamorpho's champagne glass), creative exhuberent music. This is music with heart and soul. And you will be totally enthralled by the riffs (sometimes keyboard oriented) and the whirlwind (or Winwood?) expertise contained herein. You doubt my word? How bold.<br /><br />The fact that this music was accomplished by only 3 extraordinary musicians should peak your interest for sure. The sound is the unmistakeable sound of Traffic (sorry Dave Mason) with the inclusion of woodwind instruments. Well, what would you expect with names like Steve Winwood and Chris Wood? Very appropriate, if you ask me.<br /><br />The sound is hardy, solid, sometimes mixed with soul and jazz kisses. There is really no other album like it. The genius behind Steve's talent is that he was able to go from album to album and make each one a unique entity. Discovering new grooves along the way. This is one of his highest, finest moments. Of that, I have no doubt. (Then again, Seers rarely doubt their intuitions). ;)<br /><br />This is a classic. Miss it at your peril. From the beginning instrumental of \\"Glad\\", you will get on a ride that will last the whole album. Listen to that piano riff with sax people! Are you going to sit there and tell me this is not great stuff? If you do I will vote you off the island! That sax note (the off center one) that Chris Wood hits in \\"Freedom Rider\\" is infectuous and will work itself into your brain that you will wait for it to please on subsequent listenings. Believe me, I know.<br /><br />The opening organ joy riff and following ride on \\"Empty Pages\\" continues along this overindulgence avenue. And then Winwood gives you that wonderful, disjointed piano jouney with \\"Stranger to Himself\\" including that wirey guitar addition and fuzzy lead guitar. Everything here is so well done. Me, with all my ultimate wisdom, could not help to create a better blend of instruments.<br /><br />They then take on an olde English folk tune, \\"John Barleycorn\\", and this, my people, was sheer genius. They give you rock-pop-jazz and then tone it down to this. Amazingly effective and brilliant! Supposedly, it was a tune against alcohol but, in the end, John Barleycorn won out. As stated in the liner notes \\"but there are many other interpretations\\". So kind of Traffic to leave it up to our imaginations! \\"Every Mother's Son\\" gives Steve free range on the keyboards while allowing his vocals to reclaim the soul he had with the Spencer Davis Group. This song is not a rave by any means, but it's meter reveals many colours.<br /><br />In closing, this is one of my treasured and most liked albums in my archives. It is one of the few that I keep under lock and key. Only dragon fire can break the lock (and, believe me people, he is far away in an unused part of my castle!). Anyway, if you like late 60's-early 70's rock music at all, this one should definitely be in any worthwhile collection. If you have it-you know all my words ring true. If you don't have it - take heart, salvation is yet to come with the purchase!<br /><br />as always, thinking of my vast public -- your own,Metamorpho ;)
B000002UAI|3.0|By this point, it honestly didn't matter what the Beatles put out to the public. They had the world's entire teenage girl population behind them at the end of 1964 and the album and ensuing world tour was sure to be a smash. Course, you wouldn't be able to HEAR any of the ensuing world tour, but for those who attended, it was a minor detail. But, as is evidenced by the not-so-sprightly looking boys on the cover, they were having an awful hard time keeping up with Beatlemania and the music suffers accordingly. I hate calling this the weakest Beatle album (well, I also don't really consider Yellow Submarine a Beatle album) because it's better than a lot from the epoch, but you know, they never really made anything worse than this. Shame too, cause it was quite possibly their commercial peak. What am I saying? The Beatles didn't HAVE a commercial peak.    Ah, but to say this album is useless is a horrible nasty misnomer - no, this is far from useless, it just has more weak tracks than A Hard Day's Night and Help!, the two albums that bookend this one. In this case here, \\"Mr. Moonlight,\\" the \\"Kansas City\\" medley, \\"Honey Don't\\", and \\"Everybody's Trying to Be My Baby\\" are serious disappointments, and one thing all four songs have in common is that they're covers, which is even more disappointing, because the songwriting talent of Lennon and McCartney was already top notch (not a single Harrisong here, for that matter......but there wasn't one on A Hard Day's Night so that's not really a valid gripe.) I mean, I know the boys were incredibly busy at this point, but they managed to fill A Hard Day's Night with originals. Heck, Paul only has 3 songs on here, and one of those had apparently been written long before 1964 (\\"I'll Follow the Sun.\\") Wonder what Paul was doing in the 3 months between A Hard Day's Night and this album....oh, right. Touring.    Yeah, you can blame most of the troubles on this album for that. But they're performed very well. \\"No Reply,\\" \\"I'm a Loser,\\"and \\"Baby's in Black\\" are incredible Lennon songs that were really quite far ahead of their time, and \\"Eight Days a Week\\" and \\"I Don't Want to Spoil the Party\\" on side two aren't much worse. First examples of the negative John vibe that would come up again many times later (\\"It's getting better all the time - can't get much worse!\\") As for Paul, \\"I'll Follow the Sun\\" is pretty good, if a bit repetitive, and \\"Every Little Thing\\" and its crashing piano chords always intrigued me. \\"What You're Doing\\" is a bit slight, but it has a decent riff. Paul would write much better than all three though. And as for the covers, \\"Honey Don't\\" is the obligatory Ringo tune, and \\"Everybody's Trying to Be My Baby\\" was a very appropriate choice for a cover and sung by George. I was never big on \\"Rock and Roll Music\\" as a cover, although it does rock, with a great John vocal. \\"Kansas City\\" always bored me, and you'll hear a lot of bad things said about \\"Mr. Moonlight\\" but it really isn't THAT bad. Well, by the Beatles standards, maybe it is a bit.    The lack of originals is understandable but still disappointing, and some of the covers are just bland. It makes for a very good 1964 album but a weak Beatles album. Still some very worthwhile moments around here. But a bit slight.
B000VAPZM2|5.0|The High School Musical II DVD arrived in a timely fashion in brand new condition.  We were very pleased.
B0000029GA|5.0|Every Song Is A Classic. The World Is Yours is my vote for best song of all time. 5 Stars.
B000YIGNKE|2.0|Presenting a simplified version of a novel widely regarded as a masterpiece of English literature is not a meritless idea: though we understand that especially the development of character may be diminished or compromised, it may be worth it to get the essentials across.  To present a simplified version of a novel which is an out-of-order, jumbled, misshapen, meaningless shadow of the original is a disservice to all who watch it.  It neither helps us understand the infrastructure of the original novel, nor is it a worthwhile piece of art in itself.  This production represents a  total failure of engagement; it's a piece of cotton candy.  Watch the 1995 Amanda Root version, as close to perfection as a filmed version of an Austen novel has gotten so far.<br /><br />(Will no one ever cast a version of \\"Persuasion\\" in which the heroine's sister Elizabeth really is beautiful?)
B000W4KT64|5.0|Hairspray is just plain fun with great music and dance numbers.  Queen Latifah is powerful, John Travolta as an awkward, extra-large woman is hilarious but the real star is Nikki Blonsky who reminds us of all the reasons we didn't fit in at high school, but in the end, it's what you see in your own heart that matters most.
B00005B1W5|5.0|I saw Yanni in concert, and had seen this concert at the Taj Mahal and the Forbidden City on PBS during fundraising drives.  I have bought this DVD for friends and relatives as gifts, but until now, hadn't bought one for myself.  It took me back to the concert, and reminded me how much I enjoyed the musicianship of these fine artists!
B000Y7U98C|2.0|In all fairness, I was prepared to hate \\"Sunshine\\" by reviews that praised its \\"stunning\\" imagery but nothing else. Mainstream reviewers generally don't know what to make of science fiction and when confronted by an incomprehensible mess like this movie they assume they've witnessed something deep and meaningful that was way over their heads, so they play it safe by praising the imagery. I approached \\"Sunshine\\" with extremely low expectations but was bitterly disappointed.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong, my family and I enjoyed watching it, once we got into \\"Mystery Science Theater 3000\\" mode. Viewed that way, \\"Sunshine\\" is in a class by itself. There are rare films like\\"Gattaca\\" in which good acting, writing and direction serve a plot driven by an intriguing SF premise. There are lightweight romps like \\"Star Wars\\" in which the heroes ride spaceships instead of horses. There are occasional clever transpositions of classical drama into SF, such as \\"Forbidden Planet,\\" based on Shakespeare's \\"The Tempest.\\" There are rare epics like \\"2001: A Space Odyssey\\" that break the rules and still mostly succeed. \\"Sunshine\\" fits in none of these categories. Although it wants to be \\"2001,\\" it is more akin to \\"Plan Nine from Outer Space\\" -- the \\"Citizen Kane\\" of bad science fiction films. It is so bad that it is almost worth watching just for the fun of mocking it.<br /><br />No plot spoilers follow here -- because there is no plot to spoil. In any case, we've seen it all before. The only original plot device in \\"Sunshine\\" is a minor one (although it is unintentionally hilarious).<br /><br />In some vague future the sun's pilot light has gone out and the giant spacecraft Icarus Two is dispatched to drop a bomb to reignite it. Icarus One, we learn, went missing some years before. There are, I think, eight crew members on Icarus Two: Unstable Asian Guy, Sensible Asian Guy, Asian Chick, White Chick, Suntanned Dude, Sensible White Guy, and Soulful Bug Eyes, the purported hero. Wait! That's only seven. I'm sure there was another guy. Oh well. It doesn't matter. Nobody will miss him.<br /><br />While passing Mercury they pick up a distress signal that comes from -- surprise -- Icarus One. Although the fate of the entire world depends on their mission and whenever this happens on Star Trek it means trouble, they decide to change course to investigate. Using a supercomputer, Unstable Asian Guy -- their crack navigator -- makes a mistake in his arithmetic and causes something bad to happen that sets fire to the greenhouse that produces their oxygen. They extinguish the fire by flooding the greenhouse with -- brace yourself -- oxygen. Honest. Bleeding the air off into space or filling the greenhouse with nitrogen doesn't occur to these hand-picked, fate-of-the-human-race-rides-on-their-shoulders geniuses. The resulting flash fire forces them to choose who must be sacrificed to ensure that enough O2 remains to complete the mission. Pathos and heart-rending decisions loom, but fate lends a hand and characters start dying randomly from various misadventures, sparing them the need for any development.<br /><br />Meanwhile, I think, they rendezvous with Icarus One and board it. Although the derelict is filled with several tons of dandruff its greenhouse is still going strong and there is much rejoicing on Icarus Two, but -- surprise -- a monster lurks aboard Icarus One. He has really bad sunburn and asthma -- probably from the dandruff. We named him Crispy Critter. Crispy is the lone survivor from Icarus One and he has theological issues with the whole relighting the sun business, so he kills a couple of guys and sneaks aboard Icarus II, where he kills everyone else except Bug Eyes. Lots of things happen and there are bright colors and spectacular special effects and loud noises. Eventually, Bug Eyes drops the bomb on the sun and goes to Heaven or burns up or something, and the world is saved.<br /><br />David Letterman used to have a spot titled \\"Limited Perspective,\\" in which a specialist would review a movie from his own narrow point of view: thus a dentist might might evaluate the actors' teeth or a doctor would enumerate the injuries likely to result during a fight scene. As a stunning imagery specialist, I found \\"Sunshine\\" underwhelming. The incessant lens flares and solarized frames mean nothing. They are intended to create the illusion that something deep and profound is happening, but, in reality, nothing is. The huge spaceship turns and tumbles murkily and incomprehensibly in needlessly tight closeups, so we never get a sense of its scale or any feeling that it is a vessel carrying people. The spaceship interiors consist mostly of long shiny corridors, which might be a welcome change from the standard smoky, claustrophobic, spacecraft interiors that \\"Alien\\" made de rigueur, if anything interesting ever happened in them, but nothing does. There is no reason to care about any of the characters and, indeed, we are delighted as they die off, because they are so astoundingly stupid and boring.<br /><br />With a good script, the premise could have been made to work. The device of an urgent space mission threatened by insufficient consumables engendered sweaty-palm suspense in Tom Godwin's 1954 short story \\"The Cold Equations.\\" Instead of exploiting the drama inherent in the situation, however, \\"Sunshine's\\" director throws it away by dragging a monster in by the ears. Even if we cared about it, the oxygen shortage becomes meaningless when there is a monster on the loose.<br /><br />Bad money drives out good, and bad cinematic SF makes it harder to produce movies based on the good story ideas that remain untapped in literary SF. \\"The Cold Equations\\" could be produced with a minimal budget and a cast of two working on one set, and it would have infinitely more drama and pathos than a thousand big budget cow flops like \\"Sunshine.\\"<br /><br />Did I mention that I really hated this movie?movie from his own narrow point of view: thus a dentist might might evaluate the actors' teeth or a doctor would enumerate the injuries likely to result during a fight scene. As a stunning imagery specialist, I found \\"Sunshine\\" underwhelming. The incessant lens flares and solarized frames mean nothing. They are intended to create the illusion that something deep and profound is happening, but, in reality, nothing is. The huge spaceship turns and tumbles murkily and incomprehensibly in needlessly tight closeups, so we never get a sense of its scale or any feeling that it is a vessel carrying people. The spaceship interiors consist mostly of long shiny corridors, which might be a welcome change from the standard smoky, claustrophobic, spacecraft interiors that \\"Alien\\" made de rigueur, if anything interesting ever happened in them, but nothing does. There is no reason to care about any of the characters and, indeed, we are delighted as they die off, because they are so astoundingly stupid and boring.    With a good script, the premise could have been made to work. The device of an urgent space mission threatened by insufficient consumables engendered sweaty-palm suspense in Tom Godwin's 1954 short story \\"The Cold Equations.\\" Instead of exploiting the drama inherent in the situation, however, \\"Sunshine's\\" director throws it away by dragging a monster in by the ears. Even if we cared about it, the oxygen shortage becomes meaningless when there is a monster on the loose.    Bad money drives out good, and bad cinematic SF makes it harder to produce movies based on the good story ideas that remain untapped in literary SF. \\"The Cold Equations\\" could be produced with a minimal budget and a cast of two working on one set, and it would have infinitely more drama and pathos than a thousand big budget cow flops like \\"Sunshine.\\"    Did I mention that I really hated this movie?
1400063515|4.0|It was a month-long struggle to read this in my spare time, well worth it in the end.<br /><br />In brief, the author points out the difficulty of prognosticating unlikely events, and the mistakes we all make from this blindness.  The repercussions are primarily for economics and politics, but resound through science and art as well.  In particularly, he hammers the use of Gaussian statistics, which are invalid for capturing the statistics of most unlikely events.<br /><br />In my experience, his book is exactly on the money except his obsession with \\"Black Swans\\"  blinds him to fact that we cannot deal well with Black Swans, even when we recognize them, so the simpler strategies that Taleb lambastes are invaluable and in fact are the practical de facto tools in most cases.<br /><br />Simply put, if we reject existing Gaussian statistical techniques, the more accurate methods he espouses require more complicated models and usually require more examples of the extreme behavior than are known.  Taleb says this himself, predictions from power-law behavior are unreliable and oversold.  Worse, again as Taleb recognizes, even when we realize that unlikely events may be important, people are poor at rationally including them in strategies.  He fails to say that existing techniques are the inevitable fall-back, and considerably better than nothing.  Instead, he indicts almost the entire fields of economics and statistics as useless.<br /><br />\\"The Black Swan\\" translates well into my own field of earthquakes.  We seismologists all know (except the most annoying reviewers) to take Gaussian error estimates with a grain of salt.  Also, the difficulties with earthquake prediction have to be faced from years of failures.  Thirdly, it is plain that unexpected results lead to paradigm shifts all too often.<br /><br />A very good book, hindered only by obsession with one aspect of properly modeling the world and heckling of the rest, and the subtlety of the final interpretation.  Most people will learn a lot of new facts and many will see a novel world view.ts and many will see a novel world view.
0143038419|4.0|It was an excellent item; however, it took the seller a long time to send it.
B000P6YNSE|5.0|I enjoyed watching season 3 again. I cant wait for season 4 to start in 3 weeks.
B000ASATZ8|3.0|As it is with most movie sets, the first is always the best.  2nd wasn't bad, the last 2 was an ok. Mainly because it misses most of the same cast.
0307237702|5.0|Barack Obama is one of the few politicians who have the courage to speak about the full complexity of the world, the legitimacy of opposing views, the sincerity of those who hold them, and the need to act together, humbly and with hope, to make life better for Americans. This is one of the best analyses of the current situation in America that I have read.
0694003611|4.0|I read this book to both my kids before bed for months.  It is a good way to settle down to nightime.  Good pictures illustrate the story too.  I highly recommend.
B00125JP1C|3.0|Here we have the mysterious hero. We know little for certain of his past, aside from the observations of his enemies. We don't even know his real name, like the characters in the spaghetti westerns that starred Clint Eastwood. He is a super-killer who no one appears to be able to stop. I will grant that most of the action scenes are so farfetched that there would be no way they could happen in Real Life. But, this isn't real, it's only a movie and it's a pretty exciting film from start to finish.    Without giving too much away, this film has a continueing fetish with carrots. Not often does a vegetable have such a prominent role in a movie.    The choice of villain, played by Paul Giamatti, was excellent. Here we have the perfect adversary for the apparently unstoppable hero. He is so intelligent and so vicious, that there is every possibility that he could defeat our hero simply by guessing his next move, which he does on several occasions.    The female lead, played by Donna Quintano, is a very shallow character and little is done to flesh-out (so to speak) her character. The one and only sex scene in the film is completely ridiculous, which goes right along with the action scenes anyway. Quintano's portrayal of lactating escort Monica Bellucci is wooden, at times.    For an action-packed film, this is a good choice. If you want character development, pick something else. Personally, I had a lot of fun watching it.
B00006FDCD|5.0|Great movie, was a tv made movie years ago.  Came on time and great condition.
0525950079|5.0|Even though I am far from finished, I must warn that the book is not for weak willed people, who are unable to put a book aside--I'm one of them and just keep vacuuming the story from the pages. If you like a long novel with plenty of colorful history, political intrigue, romance and an insight into clever medieval engineering, structural and architectural solutions, this is the book. If you've never read Ken Follett before, don't delay buying this book further.
0060763892|4.0|Kudos to you Mr. Rollins for giving your readers another excellent Novel.  This was a great book.  If you like non-stop action books with break-neck page turning pace then you will love this book.  I dont like writing about the plot of the book, but if you enjoyed the other Sigma based Novels then you will LOVE this one.  I enjoy Rollins plot development and the way multiple stories come together in the end.  I can not wait for the next book!  The only negative comment i can give is that sometimes (rarely, but on occasion) the scientific aspect of this book confused me a bit, however dont let that sway you from reading this book... It's possible i'm just a little slow... ;-)<br /><br />Once again, Kudos to you Rollins!
0743496728|5.0|Nineteen Minutes is my 3rd book by Ms. Picoult.  I couldn't put it down!  Peter has been bullied since his first day of school and the bullying continued until he took matters in his own hands.  Throughout the book, I had sympathy for him and Ms. Picoult did an excellent job of relating the anguish Peter felt which led him to bring a gun into school.  Ms. Picoult weaves sub-plots into the storyline that makes the reader think is Peter the only one to blame for the school shooting?  Long after I finished the book, the characters stayed with me and it helped to remind me that there is always more to people than what we see. I highly recommended this book.  I will continue to read all of Ms. Picoult's books.
B0000844MS|5.0|I admit that this movie is kind of cheesy. I mean come on, David Bowie wearing super tight pants and hair and makeup that looks like..well you get my point. Though this movie is somewhat cheesy it's also a classic to me. This is one of those unique movies that most people think is weird or stupid. Yes, it has its laughing moments and most of them are cheesy. Another reason why I love this movie so much is because it was developed by Brian Froud. I love Brian Froud and all of his artwork and this, along with The Dark Crystal, have remained very special to me in my heart. This cheesy classic is one to pass on to your children. It's also a good dose of fantasy so don't miss out on it.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|I was at a retreat with a group recently and stumbled across this game as a few guys were setting it up to play. They let me in and I was soon fascinated.  It has some of the strategy elements of very well known games like Risk or Monopoly, but it is completely different.<br /><br />Basically, the first one to gain ten points wins. You gain a point for building a settlement, two for a city and there are some bonuses for capturing certain cards.  A key quality that is different to this game is that the board is a series of six sided puzzle pieces (all the exact same shape) that can be randomly arranged in any order to create a unique experience for every game.  This makes strategies like going for the orange set in monopoly or going for South America in Risk untenable because the resources you need will have a slightly different set up in every game.<br /><br />On top of that, little chips are placed on every resource on the board, which have numbers ranging from 2 to 12.  If you own a settlement or a city touching a resource with the chip on it that matches the current dice roll, you receive resources.  For example, suppose you own a city that touches a wheat field on the board, and the wheat field has a 6 chip on it.  Every single time a six is rolled on the dice (in any combination 4 & 2 or 3 & 3 or 5 & 1), you receive two wheat cards. You can then use your cards to buy roads, settlements, cities, or other items in the game.<br />Sometimes you have to be creative in bartering with other players or in swapping cards you don't need for cards you do need. (roads cannot be built with wheat, but wheat can be converted into brick or wood for roads).<br /><br />As the game progresses, the need for specific resources (wood, ore, brick, wheat, sheep) shifts because there are limits to the number of settlements you can build (5). So you cannot win by just building settlements. You must upgrade some of them to cities. Those upgrades require different kinds of cards than the purchasing of roads or settlements.  For example, a road is built by spending a brick and a wood card.  Cities are built by converting a settlement on the board with two wheat and three ore. Cities are limited as well.  Different quntities of resources are required for different point holding items.  So as you complete the number of settlements you can have, you need to upgrade to cities, which require different resources.<br /><br />You can only get resources that you have a settlement nearby, or by trading or stealing from opponents.  So the game essentially revolves around where you build your roads.  Roads enable you to build settlements.  Settlements can be converted to cities, which gives you a chance to win because of the points.<br /><br />Because the board always changes, you have to be creative in your strategy, which is a fantastic twist to this game in my opinion.  When I walked up to play for the first time, they had the board set for a certain number of players. When I joined, they expanded the board and added another color.  The flexibility of the game didn't alter the quality at all.<br /><br />Although I do not own this game yet, it is at the top of my list for things I plan to purchase.  I think in some ways it is better than a war game like risk because you don't have the ruthless factor of having to completely eliminate your opponent.  Although you can make it fairly miserable for opponents if you beat them to resources that are critical for advancing your own settler's vision.<br /><br />I heartily recommend this game.ettlements.  For example, a road is built by spending a brick and a wood card.  Cities are built by converting a settlement on the board with two wheat and three ore. Cities are limited as well.  Different quntities of resources are required for different point holding items.  So as you complete the number of settlements you can have, you need to upgrade to cities, which require different resources.      You can only get resources that you have a settlement nearby, or by trading or stealing from opponents.  So the game essentially revolves around where you build your roads.  Roads enable you to build settlements.  Settlements can be converted to cities, which gives you a chance to win because of the points.      Because the board always changes, you have to be creative in your strategy, which is a fantastic twist to this game in my opinion.  When I walked up to play for the first time, they had the board set for a certain number of players. When I joined, they expanded the board and added another color.  The flexibility of the game didn't alter the quality at all.    Although I do not own this game yet, it is at the top of my list for things I plan to purchase.  I think in some ways it is better than a war game like risk because you don't have the ruthless factor of having to completely eliminate your opponent.  Although you can make it fairly miserable for opponents if you beat them to resources that are critical for advancing your own settler's vision.    I heartily recommend this game.
B00000JPH6|5.0|This movie is so dear to me. Brian Froud is a master at art and fantasy. The Dark Crystal is a children's classic to me, and to those that claim to have 'nightmares' from it, then you need help. I wouldn't recommend letting a small child see this movie because it does have a few frightening images but I don't understand how someone can be 'scarred' for life from this movie. Anyway, this movie is great. I love it.
B0010X73ZG|5.0|I have not seen the movie yet however, I was overjoyed when I heard that works were underway to adapt the book into a feature film.    Based on the short story from the \\"Skeleton Crew\\" book, the Mist stands out as a Shining(no Pun intended) example of what a good horror/suspense book should be. Stephen King, and I will overlook his one flaw of being a Boston resident and Red Sox fan, clearly has many more treasures in book form to be adapted into film, since todays horror genre of movies are pretty much \\"pop-ups\\" with no plot, no special FX, and sadly no real acting to justify it being called a horror film.    Another good book that, given the special directorship, FX and actors/actress's, would do the horror world justice is Dean R. Koontz's \\"Midnight\\". That movie would have summer block buster written all over it.  I'm going to study to become a movie director, then watch out Horror Fans, I will satisfy your appetite with the type of films that would honor the great ones.    Efrem  Honolulu/Iraq
B000F0UUT6|5.0|Love the movie.  The book included with the 3 DVD's is fantastic! Lots of pictures of the film, interviews, etc. Definately worth the extra price! The third DVD was not as exciting-since not all the prime actors are interviewed but in all interesting.
0385495323|5.0|This is a wonderful book, well written, suitable to both curious reader and professional. It is suitable to the curious reader because all the explanations are very well written such that its not so hard to follow the flow of ideas. And it is suitable to the professional because the author gives an historical perspective of the use of codes and ciphers and the reasons of the improvements.<br /><br />Finally but not less important, the write style make the short biographies and the histories a very enjoyable reading.
B000Y7U98C|4.0|Obviously there are a lot of differing opinions on the quality of this film, but I found it to be one of the best sci-fi movies in a long time. (Even though suspension of disbelief is required in order to believe that our civilization figured out a way to travel to the sun and can't figure out the foam chunk issue on the space shuttle...)
B000PDYVVG|2.0|&#34;beautifully written&#34; is not a phrase I would use to describe this book.  although this book is about the author's &#34;journey&#34;, the constant introspection gets tedious and the word &#34;I&#34;  becomes a cancerous tumor that begs to be removed from the pages.
0060933275|5.0|This book is one of my favorites and I was happy to find it in large print and share it with a friend.  Thanks for you!
B000021Y7X|5.0|A classic. This man is talented, strange, and ahead of his time. Truly amazing musicians. Great concert and fun for all- even if you didn't grow up with the music. Also a great gift for the music lover
0440238609|3.0|I had to see what the hype was all about and after reading all three I get it.  In my opinion, these are not for kids, but still a good read.  Leaves you thinking.
B000O176Q6|5.0|A must for Bruce Lee fans. A classic action film that made Lee an International star. He died after the film's completion at age 32.    No digital effects here. Lee's stunts and choreography are amazing.  All the continuity and editing mistakes are here.    Nice transfer to Blu-Ray. For the age of this movie, it looks great. Good clarity. Loaded with extras, too.
B000XCZGV8|5.0|This is one of the most suspenseful true crime films ever shot, and the 2-HD-DVD set (which I own) is the absolute best way to see it. The clarity on the HD-DVD is stunning (the film was shot with the 1080p high definition Viper camera).<br /><br />A lot of people I talk to are put off of viewing the intense violence in the film; please don't be as it's never less than respectful to Zodiac's victims and is over roughly 30 minutes into the film - and that's when it really takes off as a police procedural on steroids.<br /><br />The film is more than that though - you see the toll that the obsession to capture Zodiac ultimately takes on every individual involved, demonstrating that there's more than one way for a serial killer to take a life.<br /><br />All the performances are uniformly excellent (especially Downey, Ruffalo and the character actor that plays the Prime Suspect in the case), and you'll never look at the man who provided the voice of Roger Rabbit (the terrific standup Charlie Fleischer) the same way again - trust me.<br /><br />Fincher's film is superb from start to finish.
B000BJS4SU|5.0|I haven't heard all of John's CD's, but I have heard Room For Squares, I have TRY!, and I also have Continuum.      Sighhhhhhh.....    Needless to say there is a HUGE discrepancy between Squares and TRY!  John, why do you do that?  You are aiming for a 12 year old girl fan base in addition to blues/rock/good music fans?  Argghhhhh!!!  Doesn't make sense to me.    This CD is a fantastic, sublime, slippery ride thru a collection of great songs and glimpse into what must have been an even better show.  Although every song has a great bluesy feel and a real groove, it seems that \\"Something's Missing\\" and \\"Daughters\\" have a slight lean toward his Squares style.    John, be careful.  Do the right thing.  Continuum is ok with me, it is for the most part a good CD, but the direction is teetering on regressing back to the music that 12 year olds are going to ask their parents for after hearing their 16 year old sister rave about it.  Don't do it!  Seems you could go either way...    John, let the blues in your blood prevail.  TRY!
B00003CXDV|5.0|I was totally unprepared for how wonderful this movie turned out to be. Funny, very clever, exciting, heart-felt, and, in my humble opinion, the best Star Trek movie ever made (even though it was a parody)! It remained perhaps truer to the essence of the old Star Trek TV shows than any of the Star Trek Movies I had seen, and managed at the same time to be a stirring redemption story that had me cheering at the end. A must-see for all Star Trek fans, and a movie that non-Trekkies will really enjoy as well. This is also one of those rare movies for me that I have enjoyed seeing over and over again.
0439882826|5.0|My son absolutely is fascinated by this pop up book.  I am not a Star Wars fan, but even I was extremely happy with this purchase for him.  Theere is so much detail within the book and the pop ups are extraodinary!
B00005B1W5|5.0|This DVD was a Christmas gift to my husband.  He played it one night while my girlfriend from South Carolina was visiting.  We danced, drank wine and had a great time.  My husband is in love with Van Johnson, but I don't care.  She doesn't even know that he exist.  Every song is great.  100% satisfied.  JTG from Alabama
B000W1V5VU|2.0|I enjoyed Ocean's Twelve.  I skipped Ocean's Eleven.  I heard good things about Ocean's Thirteen, so I downloaded it.<br /><br />Ocean's Thirteen is supposed to be better than Twelve; the characters are emotionally invested in the plot (as opposed to the first movie, where they were apparently needed the money, I guess) because this time they're out for revenge. Reuben Tishkoff (Elliot Gould) invests in some properties only to have it forcibly taken from him in a move of Trumpian proportions by the nefarious Willie Bank (Al Pacino).  Poor Tishkoff suffers...a stroke? A broken heart?  Some kind of nondescript medical condition that leaves him bed-ridden? Our boys are loaded with cash, so it's just a matter of humiliating Bank, returning the property to Tishkoff, and making a quick buck in the process.<br /><br />The fact that they have to ally with Terry Benedict (Andy Garcia) is supposed to make the movie even more hilarious.  But it doesn't matter, because our heroes take it in stride.  In fact, there's never a moment in the film when we actually feel like things might go sour.<br /><br />There's a lot of problems with Ocean's Thirteen, not the least of which is the superhero status of our Justice League of Swinging Hip Guys.  There's too many of them. They're all really rich at this point.  And it's hard to conceivably rouse them into action, even if one of their buddies got hurt.  Or to put it another way, when Superman can punch you through a wall with his fist, does he really get that upset if you cut him off in traffic?  Does he even drive in traffic?<br /><br />Bank is supposed to be a really mean guy, but Pacino barely gets to tear up the scenery because it's crowded with a dozen other actors.  So he's only sorta mean.  He's also really, really paranoid, which makes breaking into his place a challenge.  He invests in all kinds of technological defenses, including an artificial intelligence that uses face recognition to spot cheats.  Bank is truly a wonder of the modern age.<br /><br />Opposing this technological villain are our heroes, who kick it old school.  And by old school, I mean they buy a gigantic drilling machine to cause an earthquake, thereby temporarily shutting down the computer security system and giving the team time to get in and get out.<br /><br />This is pretty much where the movie broke down for me.  They bought a giant drill to get revenge on this guy?  Seriously?  When you have that much money, why not buy a big satellite laser and just nuke the guy from orbit?<br /><br />There are other nearly interesting plots, like the one in which Linus Caldwell (Matt Damon) decides he's up to the challenge of seducing Bank's right hand woman, Abigail Sponder (the SMOKING hot Ellen Barkin). And what do we get?  Caldwell ends up using some ridiculous technological doodad to knock her off her heels, which seems suspiciously similar to a date-rape drug.  If the movie was trying to make a statement about outwitting your opponent vs. using technology, it failed.  If it was trying to imitate the Rat Pack, I don't think drugging the hot chick (no matter how old she is) is how you do it.  And given that Barkin smolders on-screen, the fact that there's no actual pressing of flesh really makes the whole film into one big practical joke.  If Ocean's Thirteen were trying to emulate the old style heist movies, you'd better believe Caldwell would be keeping the \\"cougar\\" busy. The greater sin is that this leaves Barkin with nothing to do than look stupid.  She barely has any lines!<br /><br />There's other stuff that happens, some of it meant to be funny that's not so funny.  Basher Tarr (Don Cheadle, still using that ridiculous accent) gets to ham it up, which is a high point in the movie.  He writes touching letters to poor old Tishkoff to bring him out of his funk, but we're robbed of any sentimental feeling because we never find out what's in the letters.  And for reasons that don't make any sense to me, Brad Pitt and George Clooney are barely in the movie.  It's almost as if the guys thought that their egos got in the way of the second film, so instead they'd make it all not about them in the third film and that would make it better.<br /><br />It doesn't.  Ocean's Thirteen is a photocopy of a photocopy.  It feels like it's written by guys who didn't bother to see the original Ocean's Eleven and instead wanted to put in jokes about funny noses and \\"cougars.\\"  The allure of the Rat Pack is that they were men playing a boy's game.  Ocean's Thirteen feels like boys playing a man's game.he guys thought that their egos got in the way of the second film, so instead they'd make it all not about them in the third film and that would make it better.    It doesn't.  Ocean's Thirteen is a photocopy of a photocopy.  It feels like it's written by guys who didn't bother to see the original Ocean's Eleven and instead wanted to put in jokes about funny noses and \\"cougars.\\"  The allure of the Rat Pack is that they were men playing a boy's game.  Ocean's Thirteen feels like boys playing a man's game.
B00125JP1C|4.0|Just what I wanted on a Saturday night! Clever, witty and filled with action that is tied to mysterious stranger who leads the action. Another great role for Clive Owen, where his stubble is all you need to know about who he is- but want he can do, especially how he dispatches the main bad guy (no spoiler here)is just pure circus style fun. Nothing is real, but who cares? The roller coaster ride is all you need, especially if you rent this unbox style. You will feel like you got your money's worth and good wins out over cartoon badness everytime.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|\\"Ratatouille\\" is Pixar's latest animated classic, and may be the best Pixar film yet.  Director/writer Brad Bird has created a paean to the artistic impulses.  His story revolves around Remy the rat, who is blessed with a fine palate but cursed by being born, well, a rat.    Look for plot summaries elsewhere.  Suffice it to say that Pixar's animation has never been better, and both the kitchen of Gusteau's restaurant and the streets of Paris shine.  But the highlight of this film is its wonderful story, capped by a speech by food critic Anton Ego (Peter O'Toole) about the flaws of being a professional critic and the struggle to create.  O'Toole's speech should have every half-baked film critic second-guessing every review ever written, but gives hope to every struggling artist - including chefs.      The movie's theme inspires me to try to pair it with another, like pairing a fine wine with the right food.  I'm not sure what movie would make a better pairing with \\"Ratatouille\\" - perhaps Stanley Tucci's \\"Big Night,\\" or perhaps \\"Amelie,\\" or perhaps \\"The Incredibles.\\"  The possibilities are endless, but the result would always be deeply satisfying.
B000K4WPCC|2.0|... me neither.  That sure doesn't apply to this one. This movie is simply a bad movie. I gave it two stars instead of one because this one is just barely watchable, mainly because of the cute girls in it.  Other than this, this movie is basically a bunch of good-looking girls being chased by good-looking guys.  Oh, somewhere in there there is some stupid plot about families who are really witches or something like that.  But mostly this is just a bunch of teenagers mouthing corny lines that you have heard before in other horror flicks.<br /><br />I would call this one a guilty pleasure except it is not that much of a pleasure.
B000A88F22|2.0|Well, you would think a DVD of this sort defeats the purpose of bashing it. Truth be told, yes, it IS awful and trashy, but its also very, very interesting.<br /><br />There are six episodes here, each about twenty minutes long. It chronicles how Britney met Kevin and the entire Onyx Hotel European Tour. Personally I think that was Britney's worst tour and the footage doesn't do her any favors - she had already gained some weight here, and this was before she had any kids. Whats worse, is watching Britney and Kevin laze around in tank tops and spout such intelligence such as : \\"I'm scared to love you, because you're scared to love me... and that makes me scared to love you\\". More such riches follow, with Kevin making a video tape all his own for Britney where he breaks down and whimpers : \\"Britney, if you watch this, I want you to know I care. I really care\\".<br /><br />If that sort of thing is your bag, then by all means get this. I found it tacky, weird, but very, very illuminating. The reason why Britney Spears is such a trainwreck is revealed here, and the answer is that she surrounds herself with retards/psychos/users who are extremely unintelligent and ill-spoken. Her 'personal assistant' Felicia is an unattractive and clueless woman who spends hours speaking of her 'loneliness' and her 'favorite sexual position'. As if this wasn't bad enough, we have the token gay hairdresser giving us his enlightened views on commitment and marriage (?). I kid you not. Then we have Britney and Kevin following each other with cameras trying to get romantic reactions from each other. There is a bizarre green-light shot of the two sharing their first kiss, and it is even more unsightly than the Paris Hilton tape.<br /><br />The series ends with the extremely classless wedding. Kevin lounges about in his overalls while Britney wears her wedding dress. Her parents haven't been told about the wedding and you can see their displeasure when they are brought to the venue and the news is broken to them. We are introduced to Kevin's friends - a useless duo of everything that is wrong with Eminem times twelve. Then Britney's younger sister comes in and starts crying, and the two take their vows.<br /><br />The bonus features, if we must, is a 'Making Of' for Britney's flop single \\"Someday I Will Understand\\" (a really bad song, by the way). The video is included too, as well as the video for \\"Do Something\\". Jive Records also decided to add on a CD here featuring the Series Theme Song \\"Chaotic\\" (not as bad as you'd think), and the sickly \\"Mona Lisa\\". I can see why they had the good sense not to include this on a regular Britney release.<br /><br />I actually bought this DVD, because there have been times Britney has entertained me, and I thought her new album \\"Blackout\\" was spectacular due to just one standout track (\\"Heaven on Earth\\"). However, watching this made me lose whatever remaining respect I had for her. This was perhaps the first time I had seen her without makeup and she was so plain and unattractive that I was left wondering what the big deal was anyway. Not to mention the extra weight, the potty mouth, and her constant smoking on camera (there is nothing more ugly).<br /><br />Britney doesn't need to give you more reasons to dislike her, but all bias apart, this DVD is a fascinating slice of her life, as its completely shot by her and Kevin, and it reveals to you why she is now the jaded, mentally unstable person she is. If that sort of thing would be interesting to you, this is worth a rental.<br /><br />If you're thinking of getting this just for the bonus CD, my advice would be to skip it. There is nothing there that would merit a purchase.re introduced to Kevin's friends - a useless duo of everything that is wrong with Eminem times twelve. Then Britney's younger sister comes in and starts crying, and the two take their vows.     The bonus features, if we must, is a 'Making Of' for Britney's flop single \\"Someday I Will Understand\\" (a really bad song, by the way). The video is included too, as well as the video for \\"Do Something\\". Jive Records also decided to add on a CD here featuring the Series Theme Song \\"Chaotic\\" (not as bad as you'd think), and the sickly \\"Mona Lisa\\". I can see why they had the good sense not to include this on a regular Britney release.    I actually bought this DVD, because there have been times Britney has entertained me, and I thought her new album \\"Blackout\\" was spectacular due to just one standout track (\\"Heaven on Earth\\"). However, watching this made me lose whatever remaining respect I had for her. This was perhaps the first time I had seen her without makeup and she was so plain and unattractive that I was left wondering what the big deal was anyway. Not to mention the extra weight, the potty mouth, and her constant smoking on camera (there is nothing more ugly).     Britney doesn't need to give you more reasons to dislike her, but all bias apart, this DVD is a fascinating slice of her life, as its completely shot by her and Kevin, and it reveals to you why she is now the jaded, mentally unstable person she is. If that sort of thing would be interesting to you, this is worth a rental.    If you're thinking of getting this just for the bonus CD, my advice would be to skip it. There is nothing there that would merit a purchase.
0765318741|5.0|This book, besides being absolutely amazing on a lot of levels, gets my vote for Best Last Sentence Ever. Watch for it. It's a killer.
159562015X|1.0|The book is nothing but a description of a collection of personality types which I could have gotten from any other book on say Myer Briggs types. The questionnaire, which was supposed to give me my personal types gives me my 5 types which I already know (thank you). How difficult is it for me to say for example that I am driven by competition or that I am an activator!!!  Now I have 5 types and I am sitting to link up the 5 descriptions and be able to say what is the single me. The descriptions in the book are too general or maybe I had too high opinions of the book from Gallup. I have seen a similar way of things by Gallup in other areas. They are good in creating a process for creating survey etc but the content in survey (if you pardon my language) is BS. Its just my humble opinion. Take it or leave it.
B0000640VM|5.0|This is only the second best animated film of all time in my opinion.  The first being \\"The Lion King\\". I love everything about it. The music, characters, the story, it's the best!    Oh, the memories.
B000YXMMAE|5.0|If you buy In Rainbows, please take forty minutes aside from your day, sit down with the album and a nice pair of headphones and absorb it from beginning to end without interuption.  Radiohead have now released six straight classic albums for our listening pleasure.  In my opinion, this is their best \\"album\\" since OK Computer, which is saying something.  The 4+ year wait since Thief  was well worth it.  I'm dying to see/hear some of these new songs being performed live on the In Rainbows tour.  At the current price, buy two copies and give one to a friend (or to someone you would like to be friends with).
B000YPUF9W|1.0|I missed this flick when it came out and I should have left it that way because this is a terrible movie.  I bought the DVD because I am a fan of the series but I wasted my money and time.  Extinction is a tired plot with no suspenseful build-up, just a bunch of shooting in the hot desert sun as zombies fall thisaway and thataway.<br /><br />The only good thing I can say about Extinction is that Milla Jovovich looks good no matter how ratty her clothes are.  For that, this wreck gets one star.
6304504012|5.0|I've owned this movie for close to 10 years, saw the movie in the theater twice, and still count it as one of my favorites.    While I grew up loving Madonna's music, I never thought that she could act.  This movie proved me wrong - although I'm under the impression that she was more portraying herself than acting (if you research Eva Peron and Madonna's lives, it is pretty interesting).  I can't imagine anyone other than Madonna playing Eva now....    When I first got the VHS (I'm going to buy it on DVD soon), I made my Mom sit down and watch it with me (I was a high school Spanish student at the time).  After I explained some of the history, she really loved it too).    It does help if you know some of the history BEFORE you watch it.  The movie goes into just enough historical detail that background knowledge is helpful.    If you don't like history or musicals, you certainly will not like this movie.
1400032717|3.0|In this first novel by British author Mark Haddon, Christopher Boone, an autistic 15-year-old living with his father in a small English town, finds a dead dog near his house. He decides to investigate who killed it and soon is able to find (despite his disability) that the death of the dog is connected with deep hidden secrets about his family. The novel is told from the point of view of Christopher - I don't know whether it realistically portrays the way people with autism think, but it's compelling (Haddon was once a teacher at a school for people with special needs). The book is full of clever touches - since Christopher is a math wiz, the chapters are based on prime numbers, there are lot of funny digressions, etc. The problem that I found with its book is its unnecessary vulgarity and escatology. Also, there are several twists that are not truly believable, and halfways the book really becomes less interesting. And at the end you have Christopher going to the university, which does not seem very realistic for a person with autism. Still, I would reccomend (with reservations) this book.
B000Z0OX9O|4.0|This is an excellent Cd release, it may not have every track from the Blade Runner movie but it has all the main and important themes as well as other unreleased/unused cues.  Also the 3rd cd is a real treat since Vangelis composes all new music that takes place within the Blade Runner universe, which to me shows the mark of a great musician.  So i say to everyone who enjoyed the movie, you won't be disappointed
0395389496|5.0|Please get this book if you have kids.  Must read before you watch the movie, and a true treasure to add to your home library.  One of the best picture books ever printed.
B00003CXDV|4.0|Take one short-run imaginative but low-budget sci-fi TV show from the '60s that has developed a huge but geeky fan base since its cancellation and a race of innocent hero-worshipping cephalopod aliens called Thermians, who think that the random electromagnetic leakage of episodes through Earth's atmosphere are \\"historical documents\\" beamed at them for the purpose of remaking their own culture, add an ALIEN-like genocidal alien named Saris dedicated to destroying the Thermians, toss in Tim Allen of HOME IMPROVEMENT, Sigourney Weaver (a VERY busty Sigourney Weaver), Alan Rickman of DIE HARD, Tony Shaloub of WINGS and MONK, and blend---<br /><br />You get not STAR TREK, but GALAXY QUEST, an affectionate and never patronizing comedic send-up of every Boomer's once-favorite Live Long and Prosper space soap, in which the sick-to-death-of-being-typecast cast are suddenly recast as true heroes after they are hijacked from a fan convention in order to save the galaxy.<br /><br />Laughter is not just an option, it's the only option. To enjoy GALAXY QUEST it isn't necessary to be a STAR TREK fan (the film is funny on its own terms), but the in-jokes are far more pungent if the viewer is or ever was, a fan:<br /><br />Allen plays the overdramatic and occasionally bare-chested Captain who veers between heroics and bemusement, fistfights good guys and bad guys both, seduces any available female, falls down an air duct with Weaver (\\"Why is it always an air duct?\\"), and somehow avoids being mashed in an antigravity pile driver of some sort.<br /><br />Weaver's cleavage-ridden female Deck Officer, Lt. Tawny Madison, is an homage to Grace Lee Whitney and every other pretty actress who was forced to pour herself into one of Gene Roddenberry's micro-mini maxi-mammary female crew costumes.<br /><br />Rickman's frustrated Shakespearean-actor-turned-crest-headed-Second Officer will be instantly recognizable, as will the dysfunctional matter transformer that reassembles lifeforms inside out so that they explode. The ship's secret weapon is something or other called Omega-13 (isn't that a vitamin pill?)<br /><br />The obligatory nameless crewman who dies before the intro sequence is there, and as forgettable as always, though he does refuse to do random thises and thats along the way, because, he is, after all, \\"gonna die\\" if he does anything.<br /><br />Shaloub, plays the Engineering Officer, but as the actor who plays the Engineering Officer he can't manage to sharpen a pencil without spraining his wrist: \\"I am not that guy!\\" He does successfully fall in love with a Thermian.<br /><br />Add to this the cast's constant collapsing of the fourth wall as they remember it's all a show---\\"Didn't we do this in Episode 16?\\" \\"There is no solution? Right?\\"<br /><br />A certain brand of self-serious Trekkie/Trekkers will probably not laugh at GALAXY QUEST, but since such individuals are usually too busy circling Uranus to get a life, they should be sent to that Convention Hall with padded walls, and left there to beam themselves up.<br /><br />For the rest of us, GALAXY QUEST is a charming parodious visit to that old familiar strange new world and new civilization we all know and love.ecret weapon is something or other called Omega-13 (isn't that a vitamin pill?)     The obligatory nameless crewman who dies before the intro sequence is there, and as forgettable as always, though he does refuse to do random thises and thats along the way, because, he is, after all, \\"gonna die\\" if he does anything.     Shaloub, plays the Engineering Officer, but as the actor who plays the Engineering Officer he can't manage to sharpen a pencil without spraining his wrist: \\"I am not that guy!\\" He does successfully fall in love with a Thermian.     Add to this the cast's constant collapsing of the fourth wall as they remember it's all a show---\\"Didn't we do this in Episode 16?\\" \\"There is no solution? Right?\\"       A certain brand of self-serious Trekkie/Trekkers will probably not laugh at GALAXY QUEST, but since such individuals are usually too busy circling Uranus to get a life, they should be sent to that Convention Hall with padded walls, and left there to beam themselves up.     For the rest of us, GALAXY QUEST is a charming parodious visit to that old familiar strange new world and new civilization we all know and love.
B00006JSS8|5.0|I've never considered myself a Steve Wonder fan, but I absolutely love this CD!  I never get tired of listening to it.  Honestly, I didn't realize how many of his songs I liked until I got this collection.  You won't be disappointed.
B000YMBBH0|5.0|Might be the greatest action trilogy ever. All 3 great films in HD-DVD, can't ask for anything more. You like action, you must get these movies. The best part is that these movies don't get old, can watch it over and over again.
B000DWMYQ8|4.0|A good movie for kids.  Not as good as others like Cars or Nemo, but still fun nonetheless.
0375846735|5.0|Phillip Pullman's trilogy is brilliant. Yes, it has a moral agenda, but so did the Chronicles of Narnia and so did The Lord of the Rings Trilogy. What people are objecting to is the fact that they don't agree with the agenda - and are critisizing the books as if other writers of moral children's fantasy didn't have an agenda - mainly to push the Christian agenda.<br /><br />Pullman is a religious type (all of the athiests I have ever known proselytize as fervently as the most avid evangelical)and he presents his view in a wonderful trilogy. The Christian church does have a lot to explain and atone for and more focus on the world as it is rather than the world to come would do humanity a lot of good.<br /><br />The world that Pullman creates is as magical a world as has ever been put to paper - on par with the classics. Read these and read them to your children - along with the Christian classics and discuss all of it with your children. Both they and you will gain.
B000JBWWRY|5.0|A Disney family classic, this is a great DVD for both boys and girls.  A must-have addition to your DVD collection.
B00004T1NA|5.0|.......or maybe this is my favorite album.  \\"Sun\\" is another stunning effort from Porcupine Tree and features a really potent combination of styles that this band is capable of.  Stephen Wilson is known for depressive lyrics, but this one really takes the cake.  Sounds like he was going through a rough period in his life as the album contains two of the best break up songs I have ever heard in the prog epic \\"Russia On Ice\\" and the finale of the album \\"Feel So Low\\".  The band also shows that they can write catchy shorter material with songs like \\"Four Chords That Made A Million\\", and \\"Shesmovedon\\".  \\"Hatesong\\" has become a staple of the band's live shows always featuring a hearty instrumental workout.  A lot of critics don't like the more commercial road the band takes with this album (a continuation of the last 3 discs), but the band pulls it all off so well that it is hard to find fault.  This would be the last album the band would record as an independent and also be the last for drummer Chris Maitland.  This is another great Porcupine Tree disc.
0694003611|5.0|You must get this book for your kids.  It is the best board book, in my opinion.  My kids have learned to listen to books being read, learned to talk, and learned to read with this book.  One of the top 5 books your kids need in their home library from day one.
0307383415|5.0|For voters researching Obama the candidate, The Audacity of Hope should probably be your first pick.  It details his thinking process on important matters of policy, and it's impressive.  Dreams from My Father is about Obama the person, not the candidate.      He's an outstanding writer, unusually introspective and grounded in reality.  This was a great book before Obama entered politics, and it would still be a great book even if he never had.  Its main relevance to his candidacy is that it proves the Obama we see on the campaign trail is the real thing.  His whole philosophy of life is evident emerging in this book, and his campaign persona is completely consistent with who he's always been.  That's important.
0060254920|5.0|This is as good as a picture book gets.  The gold standard, in my opinion.  I loved this book as a kid and got it for my own 4 year old son.  A repeat player in our house!
B000F1IQNC|5.0|Nanny McPhee is definitely a five star production. I can't give it high enough rating
B00006CXSS|5.0|Got this as a gift for someone that has always wanted to see the boxed set.  It was brand new, never opened and for half the price as in the stores.  He loved it!
B00005JL3A|5.0|Converting video games into movies is a recipe for disaster.  Especially given how overdone the zombie genre is.  I came in to this movie with suitably low expectations.  In return I got a movie with many interesting twists and turns, some social commentary, subtle ironies and a great ending.  At times it was predictable, but there were enough surprises to keep the movie fresh.  Who could imagine looking forward to part 2 and 3 of a video game based trilogy?
1878424505|5.0|The key word in this book title is \\"Practical.\\"  The four agreements, written in 4 short paragraphs, expand and grow in the book, providing depth of thought, meditative peace, and practical use at every point.  Easy to read, I can pick up the book for a few minutes, an hour, or an afternoon, and come away with a positive approach to the day's challenges, be they big or small.
B000EHSVQE|3.0|the dvd was shipped fine and looks to be brand new.  It came to me on time and not damaged.  while playing, it skips alot; I don't know if it is my dvd player or the dvd itself, but other dvds usually play just fine.
B0006GAI82|5.0|I really enjoy action films, and normally I let myself just enjoy the ride without worrying too much about the acting quality going on. With Die Hard with a Vengeance, you actually get the rare combination of fun action along with some great acting as well. The combination of Bruce Willis and Samuel L Jackson is bordering on classic. You get far more nuance with those two characters than you see in most action movies.<br /><br />And then, for the villain, I just love Jeremy Irons. He's a great actor in general, and he's perfect here! It's amusing that he plays the brother of Alan Rickman. Rickman of course plays Snape in the Harry Potter series, and Irons does a brilliant send-up of him in a comedy spoof of Harry Potter, named \\"Harry Potter and the Chamberpot of Azerbaijan\\".<br /><br />The plot? Well, plots in most action movies tend to be pretty iffy, and this is no exception. The heroes are sent here, there and everywhere by Irons to keep them distracted from his main goal of stealing gold. There are various plot holes, but you sort of let those sorts of issues slide by when you're enjoying a fun movie. These aren't realistic movies - just how often can there be huge city-wide threats to New York City?<br /><br />The movie has a fine eye for detail. There are many items that you might miss on the first time through, but which make much more sense and stand out on repeated viewings. For New Yorkers, there are numerous little fun items snuck in here and there that are amusing.<br /><br />I like how even many of the minor characters have lively, memorable personalities. It reminded me of the first Beverly Hills Cop where a wide variety of characters stood out - both the major ones and the minor ones - and the whole combination created a fun movie to watch and re-watch. The same is definitely true here. Did the plot in BHC make perfect sense? Probaby not. But it's the characters and the acting - along with the action sequences - that bring you along.<br /><br />I do have to say that they went a bit over the top with the swearing here. There are several video clips on the web which are just the swears running along one after the other. You can literally see the entire movie start to finish with just swears, without missing a scene, because there are so many. In some sequences it's almost minute by minute :) So that's rather excessive.<br /><br />But still, a minor complaint in a movie which has a lot of plusses.<br /><br />Definitely a movie for watching more than once!ave to say that they went a bit over the top with the swearing here. There are several video clips on the web which are just the swears running along one after the other. You can literally see the entire movie start to finish with just swears, without missing a scene, because there are so many. In some sequences it's almost minute by minute :) So that's rather excessive.<br /><br />But still, a minor complaint in a movie which has a lot of plusses.<br /><br />Definitely a movie for watching more than once!
B000002UB3|5.0|I am very satisfied with your service and it is my intention to use it again.Thank you very much,best wishes,  Marija Vidovi
0060899220|5.0|Only during the last year with my DVR have I come to discover the viewing pleasure that is Bourdain's \\"No Reservations.\\"  Wanting to sink myself more in his world, I turned to the written page.      When he claims in his show that this book was somewhat controversial, I can believe it.  I read this book from cover to cover during an airplane ride to London, and I wanted more.      His history is somewhat provacative, as are his stories of what you can expect from ordering your meat well-done and fish on Mondays.  I do find his advice helpful in cooking and planning a kitchen layout, and have made some changes based on it.      The man knows how to entertain and keep you coming back.  I recommend this to anyone wanting bluntness and honesty about the culinary subculture.
B000VLE3GA|5.0|Say what you will about the number of Zeppelin greatest hits collections and box sets - yes, most of the tracks here have been included in other collections, but the remastering and the inclusion of \\"In The Evening\\" in this collection is reason enough to add this to your CD rack.  Perhaps the most noticable thing about this release is that there seems to be equal excitement and support from Page, Plant and Jones - it appears that the latter two have finally embraced their humbling legacy.
B000Y7ZHCU|5.0|As always Celine was great. My wife saw her in Vegas and I got her this as a filler gift for Christmas. She really loved it.
B000SO7OM0|4.0|I have purchased most of Loreena's CDs, and while the Alhambra concert repeated songs already published, it is most enjoyable to watch her inaction via the DVD.  In my opinion, she has the best, most fitting style for presenting this art.
B000HBK3MM|3.0|I was listening to AOL Radio one day and they played Corrine Bailey Rae.  The song they played would come to be one of my all-time favorites.  That song is called \\"Breathless.\\"  After that, someone who I often discuss music with mentioned Corrine, basically singing her praises.  Since her taste in music is generally tasteful, I just had to hear Rae's self-titled debut.  After listening to this album, I will profess that it exceeds decent slightly.  Many have said that this album is excellent, brilliant and/or remarkable, and I have to disagree.  This album is solid and definitely different from most of the music that has come out lately, but I wasn't impressed overall.  I appreciate her craft of guitar-playing, her lyrical ability (she wrote or co-wrote everything on this LP) and the relaxed tone she tends to sing in, but it didn't do much for me.<br /><br /> All songs on \\"Corrine Bailey Rae\\" are either ballads or mid-tempo.  I didn't have a problem with that since I love both tempos of music.  As stated before, \\"Breathless\\" is a gem, but its the only song that stands out.  Corrine exclaims her obsessive infatuation with her best friend on this track, and she does a beautiful job.  The guitar compliments this song a great deal, not to mention it has one of the best hooks I've ever heard (lyric and melody wise.)  \\"There's this chemistry, energy, a synchronicity when we're all alone\\", wow! Amazing lyrics!  I related to \\"Trouble Sleeping\\" directly.  This mid-tempo has good production and even better lyrics.  Corrine is falling in love, but because love sometimes has a bad reputation, she is steadily denying that she is falling for someone.  \\"Put Your Records On\\" was released to radio, and there is no need to wonder why because it is kind of radio friendly and has a nice hook and beat.  \\"Enchantment\\" and \\"Butterfly\\" are both mid-tempos which contain very thought-provoking lyrics and decent production.  Both songs are worth listening to.<br /><br /> Corrine's voice is sometimes pretty emotionless and also quirky, but that is what helps to make her different.  Though this album didn't a lot for me, still, I recommend it to neo-soul fans or fans of soft rock.  3 stars.<br /><br />Mikeisha's Top 5<br /><br />1. \\"Breathless\\" (of course!)<br />2. \\"Butterfly\\"<br />3. \\"Enchantment\\"<br />4. \\"Seasons Change\\"<br />5. \\"Trouble Sleeping\\"y emotionless and also quirky, but that is what helps to make her different.  Though this album didn't a lot for me, still, I recommend it to neo-soul fans or fans of soft rock.  3 stars.      Mikeisha's Top 5    1. \\"Breathless\\" (of course!)  2. \\"Butterfly\\"  3. \\"Enchantment\\"  4. \\"Seasons Change\\"  5. \\"Trouble Sleeping\\"
B00011F5DK|5.0|My son learned to play this game in his 2nd grade classroom because his well-respected teacher provided it as an option during their \\"free choice\\" times, so I knew it had some kind of brain-exercising value. My son loved to play it at school and asked many times for one at home. On my son's recommendation, we bought 2 from Amazon to give as gifts for Xmas. They were a great deal compared to stores and no shipping or tax! Then we received one ourselves as a Xmas gift and boy do we all love it. My 8 yr old son, 5 yr old daughter, and grown-ups enjoy the challenge, especially when there are four players. Its a great 15-20 minute game that teaches spacial orientation and strategy.
B000FL7CAK|4.0|A friend introduced me to \\"Veronica Mars\\" by showing me a few episodes of the first season, and while I normally _really_ don't like high school movies and TV series, I found myself liking this one in spite of myself.  After rushing through the first season, I picked up season 2 in the hopes that what I liked about the show was still around, and that Rob Thomas would improve on the few rough edges I'd seen in the introductory season.    The mystery for the second season feels much better constructed than the previous big whodunit, and seemed a lot more solid, well-written, and feasible, while still challenging the viewer to keep up.  The writers let Veronica grow up a bit more and face more of the consequences for her choices in the various relationships she has with other characters, and that's a good thing.  A few more of the supporting roles got more screen-time and development, which was a definite plus in my book.    On the downside, some of the important supporting characters were written out mid-season in some obvious \\"I'm pursuing other career options\\" manners, and some of the subplots just don't get the resolution they deserve - at times, it feels like the show's creative staff bit off more than they could chew.  There are a few moments when it really does seem like there's more going on than they can honestly and fairly present in the course of the season.    Nonetheless, I was very glad to have added this set to my bookshelf, and I'm looking forward to picking up season three!
0743289684|5.0|I am grateful and amazed after reading this book. I'm grateful for the view into a life that is so startingly different from my own WASP in America upbringing. I am amazed at the determination and openness of Hirsi Ali in spite of the challenges in her childhood.     This is a great book.
B000UFAURI|1.0|I'd never bought the Foo Fighters before. I've always liked what I heard (and saw). So I decided to get this CD because I LOVE Pretender. Thats ALL I love about this CD. The rest of it sounds like Unplugged. Mr Grohl singing with a piano or guitar and slow to the point it makes one sleepy. I spent the money for nothing. Oh well....
B0011Z3334|5.0|This album is really great. I first heard one of their singles and loved it so I decided to download the rest. I was instantly in love with parAMORE.  Definitely buy this album!
B000VWYJ86|4.0|Not being much of a Matt Damon fan, I rarely look forward to any of his films. There are exceptions, of course, most notably his surprisingly great performance in [[ASIN:B000MXPE7O The Good Shepherd]]. But even within The Good Shepherd, Damon's emotional range isn't challenged, which is why the part was perfect for him considering who he was portraying.<br /><br />Part of that issue spills over into this series where we see a super-spy with little-to-no emotions that might help audiences \\"feel\\" anything for Jason Bourne. But THE BOURNE ULTIMATUM and its predecessors aren't about character, they're about action, and director Greengrass knows action very well. If you think these stories have ANYTHING to do with character, you are seriously deluded. We never understand the motivations behind any of the prime or secondary characters. This is glaringly obvious when Jason and a CIA \\"asset\\" sent out to eliminate him battle and, eventually, come to some sort of understanding.<br /><br />But, like I said, these stories aren't character pieces but adrenaline pumping action sequences designed as a thrill ride. And on that level expectations are well-met.<br /><br />Running from city to city, this is basically one long chase scene where the CIA learns that Bourne has resurfaced and several key officers within \\"The Agency\\" don't want him to discover a covert operation that harkens back to Bourne's uber-secret beginnings.<br /><br />David Strathairn ([[ASIN:B000E1NXJ0 Good Night, and Good Luck]]) and Scott Glenn ([[ASIN:B000NOK1KC Freedom Writers]]) star as two powerful but ultimately despicable Agency higher-ups who's attempts to snare Jason Bourne are continually foiled by Bourne and someone within their own department.<br /><br />Female leads Joan Allen ([[ASIN:B000056BSG The Ice Storm]]) and Julia Stiles ([[ASIN:B000ICLRH0 The Omen, 2006]]) pull in okay performances; Allen as the sympathetic CIA agent who wants to know why her superiors are so enamored with killing off Jason Bourne, and Stiles as the former love interest who reemerges to initially help Jason but only puts herself in danger and must be saved by Bourne. Although that was a bit confusing (i.e., their relationship history), the rooftop chase through Tangier is flat-out amazing.<br /><br />This is one of those film series' where you need to be in the mood for such things. If you want thoughtful, look elsewhere. But if you want heart-pounding action, you're in for a treat.interest who reemerges to initially help Jason but only puts herself in danger and must be saved by Bourne. Although that was a bit confusing (i.e., their relationship history), the rooftop chase through Tangier is flat-out amazing.     This is one of those film series' where you need to be in the mood for such things. If you want thoughtful, look elsewhere. But if you want heart-pounding action, you're in for a treat.
B000WQWPJQ|4.0|I purchased this on Blu-ray rather quickly after its release; especially because of the quite positive review written on highdefdigest.com.  When I put the movie in to watch, I was quite surprised that I disagreed often with that review.  They gave the picture five out of five stars.  I would give it maybe 3 1/2 out of five.    Cast Away is a great film, and it's hard not to like Hanks' performance.  His entertaining interaction with his environment despite its desolation of other humans is reason enough to watch the film, and he truly pulls us in to feeling the same as he does: lonely and nearly hopeless.  Most of the film involves Hanks and no one else, but the lack of socialization does not mean lack of engrossing material.  A+ for story and acting.    Since most people are probably interested in this Blu-ray edition for picture and audio reasons, I will give my honest feelings.  I think that the picture is quite inconsistent, with plenty grain, blurred backgrounds, and sometimes dull colors.  This surprised me because of the film's location.  We would expect everything on a tropical island to blow us away on film (Into the Blue is a great example of high definition oceanic beauty), but plenty of times it fails to wow.  As for inconsistencies, the Cast Away can look stunning at times, only to immediately follow up with blur or grain.  If you are interested in stunning photography, don't expect to see it often.  For this reason, I'm quite disappointed (it should have been restored better).    There's no complaining on the audio.  This film was nominated for an Oscar for sound, and the Blu-ray displays the audiophile prestige in its full glory.  If you have surround sound and want to truly test its ability, get this film.    Overall, I am glad that I purchased this Blu-ray.  The film is great, and for whatever reason, this is the first copy of the film I've owned.  If you are in the same situation, and you like this film, get the Blu-ray.
0143038419|5.0|This book is beautiful and inspiring. It leaves me hungry to explore life and other cultures.  I get lost in the countries traveled, and live these expereinces with the writer in pure bliss. A wonderfully written story, which I will read many times.
B000I5XOW8|4.0|The Fugitive is an excellent mix of action and drama.  There's never one point in the movie where it feels like only a guy's movie, and it never slows pace enough to make the viewer feel bored or want to check their watch.    As most here already know the story, I'll just discuss the Blu-ray disc.  The film came out in theaters in 1993, and the Blu-ray transfer is a good transfer considering the film's production period.  The transfer is mpeg-2, which is kind of surprising, but like I said, the movie is quite a few years old.  Regardless, it is obviously a nice step up from the standard definition as outlines and details are sharper and clearer.  There's a small percentage of grain seen throughout the movie, but it's tolerable (unlike 300).  Brights are never blown out of proportion, but at times I felt as if they were ignored in this release.  Colors tend to blend more so than newer releases, but this almost gives the film a more natural look, and for many this would be considered a good thing.    The sound of the film is a step up from the standard definition, but it's nothing too special.  Special features are the same as the earlier standard releases, so there's nothing new to look forward to here.  If you have the standard version already, it's probably okay to hold off on getting this Blu-ray.  But if you would like to upgrade, it's still a worthy choice.
1594489505|5.0|I thought that the Kite Runner would be hard to top, but Hosseini manages just that in this book. The book is a shift from The Kite Runner in that the heroes are two women, but like the Kite Runner, it follows their lives from before the Soviet Invasion to the aftermath of the fall of the Taliban. It has the same theme of suffering and redemption that make The Kite Runner on of my favorite books.
015603283X|5.0|\\"The Dumas Club\\" was first published in 1993, and was first translated into English in 1996. \\"The Ninth Gate\\", which was directed by Roman Polanski and starred Johnny Depp, was loosely based on the novel.    The story is told by Boris Balkan, a rather well-known in Spain's publishing industry. He's done the occasional translation, edited a few other books, written reviews and ran courses for writers- as such, he's regarded as Spain's most influential literary critic. In fact, when someone needs an opinion on the nineteenth century novel, Balkan is the man to ask. It's this expertise that leads to his meeting with Lucas Corso - who proves to be the story's central character.    Corso is what Balkan describes as a \\"mercenary of the book world\\". He works for a very small number of clients - exceptionally rich book dealers who pay very well to avoid getting their hands dirty. He does appear to be very good at his job - patient, an excellent memory, an expert knowledge of the literary world and a conscience that doesn't bother him unduly. He has also mastered a number of rabbit-like expressions, designed to tease more information out of the person he's questioning. However, he can change from a rabbit sharing half a carrot to a mean wolf, off on the hunt, in an instant. (He is also an expert on Napoleon's battles, and has a certain obsession with Waterloo in particular). Corso comes to Balkan with a manuscript he's wants examined - chapter forty-two from \\"The Three Musketeers\\", apparently in Dumas' own handwriting. Balkan refers Corso to a graphologist, based in Paris, by the name of Achille Replinger - both a friend and an expert on nineteenth-century French writers.    Corso is hoping to authenticate the manuscript on behalf of a friend called Flavio La Ponte - who had, allegedley, bought the manuscript from a publisher called Enrique Taillefer. Slightly awkwardly, Taillefer had died the previous week in an apparent suicide. (The unfortunate Taillefer had also failed to leave a note). Corso and LaPonte have known each other for many years and have quite a bit in common - Corso, for his part, nearly seems fond of LaPonte. Together, the pair have founded (and remain the only two members of) the Brotherhood of Nantucket Harpooneers - in honour of their shared enthusiasm for \\"Moby Dick\\".    Corso is also working on an investigation for Varo Borja - Spain's leading bookdealer and a man who can always afford the asking price. Borja is particularly interested in a book called \\"The Book of the Nine Doors of the Kingdom of Shadows\\", written in the seventeenth century by a man called Astride Torchia. Since the book was regarded as a dummies guide for summoning the Devil, this naturally got Torchia in trouble with the Inquisition. (Everything they could find written by Torchia was burned - a similar fate was endured by the author not long afterwards). While one copy of the Nine Doors did apparently survive, there are now believed to be three copies - one in Borja's collection, another in Portugal and the third in Paris. Borja wants Corso to discover which of the three copies is authentic. Since Corso will be travelling to Paris at Borja's expense anyhow, he decides to look up Replinger while there. In time, Corso comes to believe the two investigations are somehow linked. Furthermore, it appears he is being stalked by flesh-and-blood versions of Rochefort and Milady - two characters who worked for Richlieu in \\"The Three Musketeers\\". Naturally, that leaves the implication there's also a real-life Richlieu somewhere calling the shots...    This is a hugely enjoyable book - it's one that just bounces along and it constantly had me smiling. It obviously owes a certain amount to \\"The Three Musketeers\\", and I picked up a few things about that Dumas I didn't know before. (Dumas isn't the only one to have an influence - there's a couple of nods in the direction of Umberto Eco and Sherlock Holmes). Absolutely recommended - I'll certainly be readingmore by Arturo Perez Reverte.
B000KKPN5C|5.0|A compact flash easy to put on when I want to have a bounce, or stronger flash than the built-in.     Build quality is excellent on the flash, and the power light is easy to see in direct sun, and is not annoying in the dark. The flash also doesn't take up too much space in my camera case (and has a great little zip pouch included).     If you need more options than a basic flash with bounce capability, look over the SB-600 and 800 models. I think they got the price and package just right for this new Speedlight!
B00005LW7R|5.0|If Bryn Terfel excellent performance of Sir John Falstaff weren`t enough reason... if Thomas Hampson, Daniil Shtoda, Dorothea Rschmann, Adrianne Pieczonka, Larissa Diadkova or Stella Doufexis weren`t enough... there we have Claudio Abbado`s glorious conducting of BPO and a master reading of Verdi`s partiture.<br />Many reasons can be given to recommend this set, but believe me, Abbado`s conducting is a real diamond.
B000VWYJ86|4.0|Wow this could be a long running series. Jason is the American James Bond, keep them coming........
032147404X|5.0|What a great book for anyone looking to learn about photography!  I have several informational books on the subject, but i find myself going back to this particular one more often than the others.      The layout of the book is very easy to navigate and very informative.  Each page gives you a tip along with an example, not to mention the teriffic illustrations. Buy this book and Exposure by Brian Peterson and you're off to a good start.
B000A0GYD2|5.0|This documentary series focuses mainly on the people involved in the Apollo missions.  It is well done and very watchable, even for those who don't profess to be \\"history buffs\\".  Personally, I would have liked to have seen more about the science and hardware involved in going to the moon, but even so I highly recommend this series.
B00003CX96|5.0|One of my favorite movies - so different from 99% of Hollywood movies that I am ashamed that my country produces and supports.<br /><br />This movie is set in a specific place - Bloomington Indiana and the movie does an excellent job of taking us in to the real culture of real people - real Americans and we like these people, we relate to their fears and their dreams.<br /><br />The hero Dave Stoehler is a romantic dreamer, but his dreams are just an extension of himself and his family. He is stretching things a bit to present himself as a great Italian bicycle racer from a proud, large Italian family. But the reality is that he is great Bicycle racer and his family is a great proud American family, who play Italian opera love songs and it really isn't an act. These are great people and if the cheating, Italian professional bicycle team visiting Bloomington IN didn't see it, everyone else eventually does see it.<br /><br />The used car salesman father, ex-cutter character is fantastic. And the town of Bloomington IN comes off as a great place - even if there are some mean, spoiled rich IU students there , and even they eventually see some light.<br /><br />God bless all those who worked to create this gem.<br /><br />God bless America.<br /><br />Let's hope we get a few more of these types of movies, maybe once every 20 years.
B000065BPB|4.0|After fifteen years as a radio DJ, I have used MANY headphones, and my favorites to this day are my old circa 1975 Yamaha HP-1's; an ortho/iso-dynamic set of cans that still offer incredible sound and comfort. Mine however were getting to the point that I had to start looking for replacements.     Several years ago I had purchased a pair of Yamaha YHD-2's as a replacement, but they are so darn uncomfortable with their on-the-ear design and the fact that they clamp down so hard and have absolutely NO padding, that anything in excess of fifteen minutes leaves me in pain for an hour. Aside from the HP-1's which are the only comfortable cans of their design I have ever worn, I absolutely loathe on-the-ear phones. The YHD-2's sound very good (though not as good as the HP-1's), but wearing them is impossible.    My next 'phone purchase were the overhyped Shure E2c IEM's. Boy, was that a mistake! Although nicely portable, shoving those things halfway up my ear canal and twisting them every which way would take up the bulk of a five hour flight just to get anything on par of a $12 set of headphones. If you like shoving rocks into your ear canals, then knock yourself out; IEM's are for you.    My search took me to the AKG 701's, but I was also looking for a less expensive, somewhat portable pair of 'phones. \\"After further review,\\" I decided to give the HD-280's a try. The price was at the spot that I was looking for these cans, and the reviews seemed good.  I have been using them for a few days, and I am very happy that I bought them. They are circumaural (around the ear), and snug to the head, but not uncomfortable. The padding is more that sufficient and although they are a little larger frame than I had anticipated (thus making it unlikely that I will wear them on a plane or in public, for that matter), they are comfortable enough to wear and sound good enough while working at the computer or just listening to my FLAC files for hours on end.    Listen. These are NOT a pair of 650's or 595's. You'll have to drop considerably more clams for those. But what you WILL get is an above average sound quality and extreme comfort for their price class! They have a very flat response. A warm, robust bottom end without sounding boomy. The high end is crisp, and the midranges are right where they should be. The snug yet comfortable fit allows for excellent isolation of external noise without resorting to the hocus-pocus that is electronic noise cancellation. The 280's will NOT prevent you from hearing external noises, but they allow enough isolation to hear your music. If you want a pair of cans that falsely color the audio in order to mask exterior noise, then look elsewhere.        Because of their larger-than-expected size, as I stated above, I will probably not be using these for travel, but I am keeping them for home use. They sound great and are very comfortable.     One other item:  someone asked whether these are comfortable whilst wearing glasses. I do wear glasses with some pretty thick temples while working at the computer and these cans are VERY comfortable with the glasses on. I don't even notice the glasses under the 'phones.     A great source of pre-purchase info may be found at head-fi<dot>org
B00011F5DK|5.0|I bought this game as a gift for someone, and I must admit, I got a lot of compliments from the parents, about how much they enjoy it as a family.
B000Y7U98C|5.0|See this movie! I'm not into sci/fi films, but this one is the exception. \\"Sunshine\\" grabs you from the start!<br />A team of scientists aboard the ship \\"Icarus 2\\" are going to the Sun to recharge it, as it is dying out in the year 2057!<br /><br />You will not be disappointed! See \\"Sunshine\\", soon!!!
B000W07EKW|5.0|For those that loved any of the Bourne movies, this is a must have if you don't own any.  The bonus disc is great!
0240808452|5.0|This book has helped my figure drawing a lot in terms of capturing energy and the essence of the model's actions.  The best book on figure draw I've read so far; also very helpful for animators.
B0001GMIOE|5.0|What can you say about a battery.  I will say that these are long lasting and don't take forever to recharge.  Love em along with most Canon products.
B00024I2Z4|5.0|the dvd was perfect, we ordered very close to Christmas and it was delivered in two days. WOW!!!!!!
0736063684|5.0|Well illustrated. Makes it clear how to strengthen and build specific muscles or muscle groups. I know the humas anatomy but find the illustrations better than a standard medical anatomy text.
B000NDIAWY|4.0|I love listening to \\"The Story\\". Brandi's incredible voice coupled with her renditions of the tunes is fabulous. Her power and passion are undeniable. My friends have really liked it too.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|This series is one of the best in my collection. Educational, cinematic, and inspirational are all words that describe this series. Hopefully, there will be more series like this in the future and most have already covered the pro's and cons of the series.     This set is timeless and can be viewed by anyone interested in nature and is a great way to introduce science and the variety of earth creatures to young ones. I hope they have other animals included in the series in future because to me this is a masterpiece. This reintroduces National Geographic style information in a modern way. The information contained isn't always new but definitely looks at it from a different perspective
B000068TPN|5.0|This is a very well done movie...One of the best and most accuate depictions of the eal begining of the Fight in Viet Nam......V
B0000C8WYB|5.0|extremely beautiful, It's just sublime  There is no doubt  that after Piaf only Mireille.
B000001G6W|4.0|Beethoven's Choral symphony, where to begin....I'll skip right to the heart of this great piece as mov'mts 1, 2 and 3 are supurb. Karajans interpretation is robust with intensity and drama. The problems with this recording lie in the finale. As the name implies \\"choral\\" should be emphasized, but sadly lacks here. The orchestra and quartet represent earth and man, the chorus is what transcends you to Beethovens spiritual side. The choir should bring chills up your spine at every entrance; yet due to the awkward \\"backward\\" choir placement, and muted nature of many of the parts, and poor engineering, it simply does not, totally missing the most important aspect of this symphony. Too bad really because the quartet is simply amazing and perhaps the finest on recording. And of course the last minute with the timpani is very exciting as already noted by many listeners. An example of brillant choral work which transcends you spiritually, with beautiful sound engineering is Shaws ASO recording. You won't find this recording as it was never formally released. It is sought after and very rare. Solti's recording gets high marks for choral work as well, but admittedly I've never heard that one. Other listeners have noted the problem with the chorus sound quality as well, but I felt the need to re-emphasize it. No fault of the choir performers themselves, they where excellent. This recording suffers mostly as a result of poor engineering. One other side note, Karajan really punches the brass in this recording, which is exciting, but painful to the ears with headphones on the ipod. I have not heard the latest remix of this recording which may have corrected some of the discrepancies. Note to self...listen to remix.
B000W3YLH8|4.0|very creepy, and entertaining silent film.  very well directed, and acted.  this film is no nosferatu, but the images presented here left me in awe. i  wonder what this movies impact had on its original audience.  check it out.
B000FL7CAK|5.0|I never watched Veronica Mars while it was on TV and I am definitely glad that they are available on DVD because it is an awesome show.  I got season one and watched it in about a week, then I had to have seasons two and three.  Kinda sad that the show was canceled.  I totally recommend this show.
0765316978|4.0|According to the author's note at the back, this is meant to be the last book in the \\"Colonial Union\\" universe. He wants to turn his hand to other topics for awhile, which is probably a good thing -- because, while this is an enjoyable read, it's nothing like as multilayered or brimming with telling detail as the two novels that preceded it. John Perry, protagonist of the first book, and his wife, Jane Sagan, ditto of the second one, have left the Colonial Defense Forces for the pleasantly boring job of managing a community on one of the colony worlds. Then a couple of high-ranking figures from their mutual pasts talk them into taking on the much more responsible  position of administrators to a whole new planetary colony. But when they get there, together with their adopted teenage daughter, it turns out not to be where they thought they were going. They've been set up by the CU as stalking horses in the struggle with the Conclave, a confederation of more than four hundred worlds that are trying to bring about interstellar peace by controlling further colonization by anyone. But, as John and Jane find out, the Bad Guys aren't necessarily, and the Good Guys definitely aren't. Behind the political plot are a number of thoroughly cynical points the author wants to make about where one's loyalties ought to lie, and what honor means in considering one's enemy, and why you shouldn't trust the Government to do anything but lie to you for its own ends. Things get sorted out satisfactorily, though, and the sometimes oddball characterizations and Scalzi's wry dialogue keep things moving right along. I'll definitely be watching to see what he has up his sleeve for his next novel.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Planet Earth is amazing!!! It inspires you;  It makes you feel alive and animal... or human.  We are all part of this amazing planet and need to realize this in order to take the necessary steps to combat climate change and reverse the negative impact our \\"civilized\\" societies are making on our precious and fragile planet.
B000GY729M|5.0|I'm writing this not as a critic, not as a Killers fan, but as a music lover.  I'd only heard \\"Mr. Brightside\\" off \\"Hot Fuzz\\" and was really moved by it; the lyrics matched my experience during a tumultuous time in my life.  In fact, I never bought \\"Hot Fuzz\\" for that very reason; that song matched my experience a little TOO closely.    It just so happens that last fall found me in a very similar situation.  As I've done at other difficult times, I turned to music to help soothe my feelings and to help make sense of what had happened.  I picked up a copy of \\"Sam's Town\\" (along with CDs from several other various artists) from the local public library and gave it a spin.  And once again, I was blown away.  I'm a sucker for a catchy tune, and the Killers are nothing if not catchy.  But the lyrics--God!--were what really struck me.  Feeling the pain of broken dreams, being \\"sick of all my judges\\" (\\"Sam's Town\\"); remembering the anticipatory thrill of seeing someone I loved (\\"I pull up to the front of your driveway, magic soaking my spine\\" from \\"Read My Mind\\"); realizing that one of the main aspects of truly loving someone else is wishing for THEIR success (\\"I don't shine if you don't shine\\" from the same song); wishing desperately for one more chance to prove myself to someone I loved but had let down (\\"My List\\"); and who knows how many other similar insights--this album summed them all up in a beautiful, messy package.      I acknowledge that musically, \\"Sam's Town\\" is a little high on bombast--it's more Wagner than Mozart--but man oh man, is that a breath of fresh air.  It's certainly what I needed.  To me, the bombast said, \\"Don't be afraid of your passion. If you're gonna fail, at least fail BIG.\\"  (\\"Start a huge, foolish project, like Noah. It makes absolutely no difference what people think of you.\\" [Rumi])    So sure, maybe I filtered this CD through my somewhat altered perception during a difficult time, but isn't that what we all do?  It's only a matter of degree.  At its best, music can serve as a safe way of experiencing and expressing difficult emotions; through some sort of alchemy, it can help transform them into something even more precious.  Along with the support of true friends, this album done that for me over the past month and a half.    Which brings me to Brandon Flowers's apparently often-ridiculed statement about this album: Is it one of the best albums of the last 20 years?  For what it's done for me, I'd say it is.  It's helped give me hope during a very difficult time, more so than any other record I can think of.  It's quickly become one of my favorites of all time, and is among only a few that I can imagine turning to again and again to remind me of where I've been, where I am and where I hope to be one day.    Finally, for the people who gave \\"Sam's Town\\" lousy reviews or who couldn't see past the bombast, or who worried that the singer wasn't quite hitting the notes to their satisfaction, I have only one question: Are you really so robotic and clinical?  Come on, live a little.  Live a little BIGGER.  Remember what's most important to you; remember what it's like to lose it.  And then ask yourself one more question: Am I really that much different?
1419359827|4.0|This is a lengthy, but quite interesting, presentation of how immaginative some people can be at self promotion and it totally removes the embarrassment that is typically connected by the promoter to him or her self. This lets the self marketing move forward by leaps and bounds.
B00004Z4WR|4.0|They say they cam steal 50 cars in 3 days. Can it be done? With Laura's help too.
B000YMBBH0|3.0|the movies are great but you need to have this item available in Blu-ray dvd.  hd-dvd is incompatible with my system.  i should have known this obviously but when i went to look for it in blu-ray, it was not for sale.
B000VWYJ86|4.0|Good movie (far, far from the Ludlum books). The pace is so fast that it takes at least two viewings to pick up the details. (A review of the Wikipedia entry helps.)    Although Matt Damon has stated that he doesn't want to do a fourth movie; however, the ending of this movie leaves a very tantalizing thread left dangling that begs to be cleared up.
0590259385|5.0|A favorite read-aloud for toddlers and preschoolers!  The simple questions, cadence and rhyme make it easy to read and remember.  The board book version is excellent for little hands learning how to handle books.
B000KC8O3S|5.0|I picked this soundtrack up a while ago and I listen to it at work all of the time.  In contrast to other soundtracks I own, I could listen to this one over and over all day, and as a matter of fact I have!  The music is absolutely amazing, and also emotional.  If you watch the show you can tell whether they're running, laughing, saying their goodbyes, or working their way out of another sticky situation.  My favorite soundtrack, hands down.
B000VD5I94|2.0|This review is for the Blu-Ray edition. You know about the movie, so I won't rehash the plot.<br /><br />As a Blu-Ray disc, this is mediocre at best. This is no posterboy for the next-gen format. The quality of the transfer is not very good. Lots of grain and not as sharp and clean as you might expect for Blu-Ray. Part of it has to do with the movie begin 20 years old, but this edition was clearly not done with TLC. It's a barebones transfer of the movie.<br /><br />There are **NO** special features. The Special Features menu has two options: the Robocop trailer and Resume Movie. I don't count trailers as special features. Why even put this on the menu? Sort of silly.<br /><br />No audio commentary, nada. WB didn't even include any of the features it already put on the 2 disc 20th Anniversary DVD. They could've just thrown it on here, like most other studios do by putting standard def extras onto Blu-Ray or HD DVD. If you already own the DVD version, I'd say skip this.<br /><br />Buy this edition only if it's part of the BUY 1 GET 1 sale (I did) or if you must own this piece of 80's cultural memorabilia.
B00005JOHC|5.0|Buying process was easy, item shipped quickly, received soon after purchase in perfect condition. Was a great gift. Thanks! Would definately purchase from Amazon in the future.
B000VWYJ86|5.0|This is the best movie yet of the Bourne series. It gives you on the edge excitement while throwing in twist and lots of action.
B0010YSD7M|5.0|Continuing the Ori story-line, this action packed full-length movie has it all!  Any fan of SG-1 would be dumb to miss this one!
0679736646|5.0|When most people try to describe a Philip K Dick book, this is probably as close as they come to the \\"typical\\" kind.  Set in a near-future society where things are much the same with some odd concepts tossed out with frightening casualness, events occur that slowly cause the protagonists to question the nature of reality.  If things go terribly awry, eventually reality starts to question them.  Dick didn't hit the ball out of the park every single time and at his worst the mindbending explorations into reality left us behind and lapsed into what seemed like incoherency.  That's not the case here, in \\"Ubik\\" not only does everything work perfectly, but with an assured ease that lesser writers treading these waters would not have been able to accomplish.  Set in the aforementioned near future, Dick concocts a world with elements that are fantastic yet fit plausibly into the scenario.  It's a world where people actually have psychic powers (yet they're not overt and rarely glimpsed, making any potential use of them somewhat creepy) and other people have anti-psychic powers.  Its also a world where cold storage crypts exist to extend the \\"half-life\\" of a near-deceased, so that relatives can still interact with them, at least until a final death takes hold.  Any of these concepts could be the center of a book but Dick merely places them as part of a wider society.  Glen Runciter runs a company of the anti-psys and when they're dispatched on an assignment that turns out to be a trap set by a competitor, that's when things start to get seriously weird.  Runciter is the only one killed in the explosion but soon enough the other members of the team start to receive messages from him and time starts to run backwards, with the advanced technology of today turning into record players and biplanes.  Are the layers of reality being pulled backwards slowly, or is something else entirely going on?  And what does it have to do with the elusive product Ubik, which while hard to find may truly cure everything that ails you?  Dick manages to be one of the few authors who can successfully pull off paranoia in a narrative alone, with the shifting nature of reality freaking out the characters enough that it starts to seep into the reader as well.  But there's never any notion that Dick is being strange for the sake of being strange, he's got a story to tell and a viewpoint to get across, and no matter how offkilter things get, he never forgets that he's telling a story.  Indeed the revelation of what is going on makes perfect sense within the context of the story itself, even as Dick yanks the rug out a little bit from under us at the end, and leaves just the tiniest seed of doubt to linger on when it's all over.  Probably the best showcase for him at the height of his powers, it touches upon his usual themes while still remainining concise and coherent, and may be the best place for a new reader to start.ay truly cure everything that ails you?  Dick manages to be one of the few authors who can successfully pull off paranoia in a narrative alone, with the shifting nature of reality freaking out the characters enough that it starts to seep into the reader as well.  But there's never any notion that Dick is being strange for the sake of being strange, he's got a story to tell and a viewpoint to get across, and no matter how offkilter things get, he never forgets that he's telling a story.  Indeed the revelation of what is going on makes perfect sense within the context of the story itself, even as Dick yanks the rug out a little bit from under us at the end, and leaves just the tiniest seed of doubt to linger on when it's all over.  Probably the best showcase for him at the height of his powers, it touches upon his usual themes while still remainining concise and coherent, and may be the best place for a new reader to start.
B000YIGNKE|2.0|I loved the earlier version of Persuasion and was prepared to like this newer version.  After all the BBC re-do of Pride and Prejudice was far superior to the 70s version.  Alas,  it just seemed too rushed and too compacted.  If you didn't know the story or the family dynamics, you won't learn them from this film.  I like the actors, but the screenplay leaves a lot to be desired.  The music is nice.  Even if you are not a Jane Austen purist, see the Amanda Roots version to really enjoy Persuasion.
B000YAA6AU|5.0|I had actually been dragging my feet because the movie itself was not an exact copy of the book which was wonderful.  However, that said, did it matter????  No, to me, in the end, not one bit.  I laughed, sighed and cried throughout the entire movie.  It blew me away.  I cannot wait to own this gem.  there was only one man in our theater.  The rest were Gerry Butler fans (yes, I can spot them a mile away) and teenage girls, who did their own share of crying and hugging after the movie.  This movie hits home on many different levels.  It is not just about the death of a beloved spouse, it is about the uncertainty of life and how to go on living when things do not go as you planned, how to forgive yourself if you didn't get around to doing certain things (having children).  It shows us that though marriage never goes as you planned it (or fantasized it would), that it is your life and you are in the middle of it. It's about loving yourself and your spouse during those not so perfect times.  In the end, the most important thing is how to find yourself and keep the faith after the worst possible thing has happened.  Love, anger, fear, loss, and abandoment- it is all there.<br /><br />Everyone was great.  Gerry brought so much energy and soul to his role!  He is so damn handsome and sexy!!  Oh, and to hear him sing again was an extra added bonus!  Hilary was terrific and very believable- she did great playing against type.  I really wasn't sure before the movie if I would warm to Harry Connick's character, but his off-beat Daniel was very likable and cute.  Jeffrey Dean Morgan was great, too.  His roles is small but important.  He was very charming and has a very cute arse!!!!<br /><br />I cannot say anything negative.  I loved this movie and can't wait to see it again!!<br /><br />wendy k
B000VAPZM2|5.0|My 2 little grand-daughters love High School Musical so they were thrilled to receive the extended.
B0010YSD7M|5.0|i am a huge stargate fan, have been from the start. i have all ten seasons and the original stargate movie. when i don't know what to watch, i can always watch sg-1. i agree with the others, that the show could have gone on, what's with ecw on scifi anyway, maybe they should cut back on the meds alittle. tie up some loose ends, like the cloned jack they have, what about the tolans, never met the furlings, or in 100 days episode o'neill, may have a child on that world, i could go on, but the series will not. at least they are going to throw us stargate fans a bone with a couple of movies.
B000IFQLSW|5.0|This CD...and the DVD that goes with it...is fantastic....a great compilation of classic blues done by old old blues players accompanied by Kenny Wayne Shepard and Double Trouble....this is delta blues at its best....KWS and the others did the world a great service by recording these old blues players before they pass on.....
B000J3EEBY|4.0|Listening to any McKennitt is a musical journey of exploration and mysticism, mixing of east and west. I always feel like I am wandering with her when I listen to her unique arrangements and siren voice. This CD extends the extraordinary \\"The Mask and the Mirror\\" CD in a loving and sublime way. If you had not heard that album, you would think this is the best one. Consequently, I think it is lovely and enchanting, but does not go beyond \\"The Mask and Mirror\\" which was so revolutionary.
0761145613|5.0|This will be the third year we have used the \\"Mom's Family Calendar\\".<br />The unusual format makes it very easy to see who should be where and what's up.<br />The kids get a kick out of applying the stickers which helps acclimate them to using the calendar and it is so nice to have enough room to make separate notes for each family member.<br />Since we are a family of 4, we entitle the fifth column \\"Family\\" for all those occasions we should all be present for.<br />Great calendar !
B000P46QTA|5.0|This is a wonderful international film that shows how the Stazi or state police in Eastern Germany spied on and manipulated its citizens. They start spying on a writer who is believed to be the least likely to have any ill will towards his government. Over time however as he sees how his friends in the arts who have negative opinions of the communist government are oppressed his feelings change and he starts writing subversive material however the lead agent spying on the writer comes to very much secretly start to like the writer.
B00031TXBI|5.0|When I think of this album, I think of it as his darker rockier album.  `Inside of Emptiness' is the 4th album in the series of six albums which were released in six months and his 8th overall.  This album sees Josh Klinghoffer return behind the drums and John doing what he does best; guitar wizardry.      The focal point of the album and appropriately the track which is slam in the middle of the album, is `Look on'.  There are times when I read reviews and think reviewers totally over-exaggerate. For instance, they tip some unsigned band by saying they are the new Beatles.  Basically the aim is really just trying to draw attention to them by making outlandish statements.  For this song though, I really do believe this is one of the best guitar solos out there.  Starting 2 minutes and 41 seconds into the track, the solo lasts for about a minute and a half and I reckon it's up there with the solo in Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.  It certainly has the same key ingredients which make for a great guitar solo; length, twist and turns and that clean, pure guitar sound.  The rest of the song is great too, but the guitar solo really is that good that it takes centre stage.  Not just centre stage in the song, but in the whole album. Now pretend songs are people. It would be as if all the other songs on the album are shining bright lights at it making it stand out over the rest, purely out of respect of the genius of the song. It's like the cool kid at school, who everyone wants to be.  I think a lot of people, including myself thought this what all the albums would sound like; just one guitar solo after another.  How wrong was I?!  The diversity, strength and depth of his music is like no other.  It's almost as if he wrote this album to say `Yes I can make an album like this, but just one, there is a lot more to me than that'.    `Look on' maybe the centrepiece of the album, but the standard of the rest of the songs is also exceptionally high.  Worthy mentions includeopener `What I saw', `Inside a break' and `666'.  All these songs have a kind of edgy rugged rock feel to them, in particular `666' which it as if John is just putting his blood, sweat and tears into the song, both in his vocals and in his guitar playing.  `Inside a break'  has a great rhythm to it, using the stop start technique after singing each line, while gathering momentum until a vocal explosion when singing `I go away to turn the dark to light'.  Overall this is a great song and has some good changes of pace to keep things interesting.  The album opener `What I saw' swaggers in, showing a man brimming with confidence and on top of his game.    If there was ever any doubt as to whether Frusciante can sing or not, just listen to the last track `Scratches' where he sings 'The weight of my freezing' or the opening line to `I'm around'; `You know I'm around you'.  These parts show the purity and range of vocals John possesses.  Sometimes I wonder how Anthony Kiedis is still in a job with the Chilis as John as a far better singer.  However at the same time John doing the rap bit to the beginning `All around the world' wouldn't really work, although I think it would be hilarious.  So although John is the better singer, Anthony's style of singing is far more suited to the funk edged rock which the Chili's deliver year after year.    One thing that intrigues me about this album other than the masterful music on display is the title of the album `Inside of Emptiness'.  The first question which springs into my head is `How can you be inside of emptiness?'.  It is a very weird yet thought provoking title.  On this occasion he doesn't even have the excuse of being on drugs, as he is now completely dry in every sense. This sort of thing though, I think is just another example of how John's mind works.  He is always exploring things beyond conventional wisdom, trying to make sense of things which are echoed through his lyrics such as `Emptiness set me free' from the trackentitled `Emptiness'.   Is he trying to maybe say that if emptiness had a soundtrack this is what it would sound like.  I think it probably is a reference once again to his drug era, but the possibilities seem endless.  At the end of the day maybe that's really what Frusciante's aim is; to make the listener explore their minds more through his lyrics and try to think more outside the box.    Overall this is an absolutely cracking album and out of the six releases in six months, I would say it's his best.  Out of all his albums I would say only `Shadows' is better, and even then it is just by fraction and no more.  It's the album Frusciante fans would want him to make all along.  A guitar master class. This was before they knew what he was really capable of.  For people who have never heard his music before I would strongly encourage you to `Look on'.
B000W4HJ44|5.0|I was hesitant about this movie since I had seen the original and loved it..boy was I suprised!  The new version was so different and delightfully excellent, it stood on it's own.  One of the best musicals I've seen in a long time.
B000Q6GX5Y|4.0|My son and I had watched 300 previously on a regular DVD. We always felt that there were more details in the picture that you could just not see on a regular DVD and boy were we right. 300 on Blue-ray provides an awesome viewing experience- it is definitely in that special group of movies that benefit tremendously from Blue-ray technology.
B000YIGNKE|3.0|I was hoping that ITV would take the fine '95 film version, upgrade Captain Wentworth (Ciaran Hind was just too stern and forbidding), which they did well with Rupert Penry-Jones and make Anne a bit more attractive, less mousy and a tiny bit less brow beaten than Amanda Root, which they didn't.  Nobody said that Anne has to be so sad and droopy looking, just a bit \\"faded.\\"  After all, she is almost over the hill at 27. Anthony Head is a perfect preening Sir Walter Elliot, Tobias Menzies is excellently devious as William Elliot and Alice Krige plays Lady Russell as she should be.  And while I'm happy to see any new version of anything Jane Austen, previous reviewer Jenelle Hunter sums it up brilliantly, \\"Its like Run Lola Run all over Bath, and hey look, Mrs. Smith isn't crippled, so she can run alongside and explain all the junk about Mr. Elliott. \\"  Yes, and then there's that weird kiss at the end.  Oh well, at least we can be sure that this won't be the last dvd adaptation of such a wonderful book.
B00000JTB2|5.0|Dear God,    When I die, please send me to the same place as these two. Albert King...in my opinion the greatest bluesman (combination of voice and guitar) in the past 50 years, is at or near his best in this collaborative effort. Stevie  Ray, as always, is simply flawless. Some folks complained about the chitchat between tracks, but I thought that it was a nice addition.    We might as well have deleted the E and S from the blues with the passing of these two. If you don't have this CD, your blues collection isn't complete.
B00006F1LX|5.0|thank you,mr.tarantino,for this great soundtrack.it's worth it just for the surf tracks,none of which i had ever heard in 35 years.just a great compilation.
B000ULQV0W|5.0|I read the book, I never saw the movie, and I love this soundtrack. I bought it simply because it's Eddie Vedder: I've always loved his voice, but found a lot of Pearl Jam songs a bit \\"heavy\\" for my liking. When the \\"I Am Sam\\" soundtrack came out, I got it because of his rendition of the Beatles' \\"You've Got to Hide Your Love Away\\". Same story with this CD. I enjoy Vedder a lot more when I can hear him sing, when the sound is almost accoustic, simpler and purer; when the emotion is raw but subtle, not blaring.<br /><br />The first couple of times I listened to this CD, I felt it was a tiny bit out of whack. But then, suddenly, it just began to grow on me. And to this work's credit, the songs actually reminded me of passages in the book, meaning it is indeed an effective soundtrack. Can't recommend it enough.
0783240236|5.0|The Birds as a film is exceptional because of its ingenius director. I will not go into plot descriptions or anything like that. I will say that this film is enjoyable multiple times because is was so carefully planned and well constructed on so many levels. Hitchcock didn't crank films out like cookies. He took his sweet time and made real gems.<br /><br />Look at the film with fresh eyes and it begins like a screwball romantic comedy. Aren't they cute, this aloof blonde and this wisecracking man? Will they get together? And what about that smoldering brunette school teacher, Annie Hayworth? Suddenly we learn about checkered lives, past trysts, lost loves, domineering family members, bad reputations...and that's just the backstory of the main characters. Then on top of this the invasion of the birds slowly begins. Slowly. Hitch creates atmosphere and suspense with  amazing prowess. Some may not care for this deliberate pace. But it works.<br /><br />Film students need to watch this. Consider when Melanie decides that she's going to have some fun with this Mitch person. She goes way out of her way, even renting a motorboat, to bring a pair of lovebirds as a gift for his younger sister. (It is a Trojan Horse because it is a symbol, but that's another analysis.) Anyway, the scene that enfolds when she carefully stalks Mitch, and takes the birdcage to the Brenner home, making sure she is not seen, is like watching a spy stealthily deliver a bomb. There is such suspense here, and it's just a lady dropping off some pets. More directors and writers could do well to pay attention to Mr. Hitchcock's work.<br /><br />This is just one scene in the film that's fascinating and expertly crafted. There are many more. Yes, the film is dated, and some call it silly, but in its time it was like Jaws. Hitch purposely stayed away from the original story by Daphne DuMaurier, allowing screenwriter Evan Hunter to create a very interesting set-up and relationships.<br /><br />It's a fun horror film that's multifaceted and fascinating.nd fascinating.
B000063UR2|4.0|(Note: As far as dvd editions go, I have to say that I'm surprised at the number of reviewers here who are going on and on about which version on the two-disc set is the best, how much screen time Tim Curry should have had, which musical score is better, and so on... ad nauseum. We need to get past directors' cuts and all that stuff. We should just  appreciate a piece of art for what it is. The bottom line here is that no matter which version is viewed, the basic film here by Ridley Scott is an amazing creation.)<br /><br />No other movie comes close to the beautiful, enchanting forest dwelling that this film presents; and it was all built on a soundstage (without c.g.i. backgrounds/environments).<br /><br />I still marvel at all of it: the grotesque goblin faces, the lovely unicorns and fairies, the astonishing carnivorous swamp-dweller Meg Mucklebones, the beautiful thatch cottage in the countryside, the sinister horns of Darkness, the frightening dungeons and ovens, the dancing gown, the wintry landscape. What a completely magical film. Watching this, I feel like a child again.<br /><br />The tale is a very simple one of good versus evil, and a quest to restore peace and tranquility. The plot is almost outshined by the visuals. If I am ever in the mood for some delicious fantasy eye-candy, this is my choice, hands down.
B000UX6THK|4.0|The fir tree branches rustle slowly in the wind. Something ominous is in the air.<br /><br />What do you get when you take Peyton Place and mix in some murder, mystery, romance, comedy and horror? David Lynch's surreal serial, Twin Peaks. It's like a soap opera with some film noir, sinister undertones, and touches of weird comedy. It was such an acquired taste, so different from what the TV audience was used to seeing... it took risks and changed the landscape of watch we watch.<br /><br />The series begins so well, with a big whodunit introduced instantly which pulls the viewer in to a very unusual town. As a dramatic pilot episode, this is great stuff. (By the way: Skip the European version of the pilot; stick with the regular network version.)<br /><br />Overall it's an innovative and fascinating series, a strange and brief one. It burned bright and then was extinguished. It certainly had its charms, and its flaws. \\"Twin Peaks\\" was not perfect but it was delightfully quirky and peculiar. We meet some extraordinary characters, hear some wonderful music by Angelo Badalamenti, and are transported to a place that we only might have dreamed about before. David Lynch paints his images in vivid strokes: romances are intense and pure, while evil is repulsive and dangerous. All in all, this is highly memorable television.atic pilot episode, this is great stuff. (By the way: Skip the European version of the pilot; stick with the regular network version.) In the pilot we are introduced to a myriad of what seem like deeply fascinating characters. The fascination fades, though, in time... especially during season two.     There's a lot of incongruity here to sift through (as is often the case with Lynch's work); The character of Laura --as we learn throughout the series-- was both an angelic homecoming queen who helped with the local charity organizations, and also a hellcat drug user who had numerous relationships at once.   There's a lot of mystery here but not much resolution, and a ton of duality as well.     Overall it's an innovative and fascinating series, a strange and brief one. It burned bright and then was extinguished. It certainly had its charms and its flaws.     *********    Note: Do not skip/jump past the opening theme sequence of each episode just to get to the first scene after it... because depending on which disc you're playing, it may actually go beyond the end of the intro and skip a scene or two. (You can fast-forward through the theme but don't skip it.) Just something I noticed while watching; other reviews here seem to have encountered this issue too.
B000WCDI5K|5.0|The Killers have outdone themselves!  You can listen to everysong on this CD in order, they are all fantastic.  I constantly repeat track 10 (Glamorous Indie Rock and Roll).  I have all the CDs and this one was exciting from the first track.  Highly recommended and wait out the last song, because there is a hidden track!
B000XA5K48|4.0|Some critics called this film \\"one of the worst of 2007\\".. CRAZY!!  If this film came from Hong Kong, there would be no debate about this film. If you liked films like \\"A Better Tomorrow\\", \\"Hard Boiled\\" or \\"Crank\\", then you will like Shoot Em Up. This film starts off with a bang and bullets just keep flying.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|This movie was bought for a 2 yr old and a 4 yr old. They loved it.
B000Y7U98C|5.0|Sunshine was virtually ignored by the critics and was released to a small amount of theatres in the U.S. What a shame! Sunshine is one of the most visually stunning, true Science Fiction films to come in in the past few years.    I missed going to see this in the theatre, but I was lucky enough to see this film on DVD. Sunshine is loaded with amazing special effects and has that \\"grand scope\\" feel that you get watching movies like 2001: A Space Odyssey. All the actors turn in top notch performances and the ending is literally mind-blowing.    I recommend this film to anyone who likes Science Fiction films like Blade Runner, Dark City or 2001.
159562015X|5.0|The reading involved in the book itself is pretty short -- mainly an intro to the premise behind the stregths finder evaluation. The rest is an explanation of each different strength. I like the handy stickers you can place on the cover of your book, once you take the online test, so you don't forget what yours are. There's lots more info online and overall it's a valuable exercise, especially if you're working with a team and everyone takes the test.
1594200823|3.0|Too much corn you say! - there's a line in a Greg Brown song about driving through Iowa and all you see is \\"CORN CORN CORN....\\" and I know it's true, I've driven it.  I'm a little confused though because inspite of berating the overproduction and usage of corn in its many forms, Mr. Pollan notes that corn is a grass, and seems to long for grass fed beef rather than corn fed.  So apparently corn is a grass that's been scientifically enhanced or manipulated to man's betterment or detriment, you decide.  After all, man too has been scientifically enhanced and altered.  Anyone who has taken an antibiotic and lived as a result instead of succumbing to the infection has been altered.  Have you had dental work?  Hair replacement?  Plastic surgery?  Liposuction?  Fertility treatments? Immunizations?  Transplants?<br /><br />I find all the posturing around natural, organic, locally grown, cage free, etc. food stuffs to be just so much stuff.  I'm sure you can show me pie-charts and graphs with all kinds of data and intersecting lines to illuminate the proof of your arguments.  Yet, even Mr. Pollan states that organic may not be healthier.  I believe that this is a kernel of real truth.<br /><br />You can obsess about what you put into your body and see all your food options as just so much poison, some taking longer to work than others, or you can choose to enjoy what you eat and eat what you enjoy.  In this country, many of us have that option.<br /><br />My experience in the developing world as a volunteer nurse has shown me that many on this planet do not have the luxury of musing over organic or locally grown, even when they live in an area that grows abundant local produce.  Parents feel good to be able to provide their family with one meal of rice and beans a day.  Sometimes, just rice.  Meat is a rare treat, fish may be available but the water infested with shistosomiasis parasites which travel with surprising ease through the soles of the feet that have never known shoes, to produce one of several parasitic diseases everpresent in their lives as even after treatment, the parasite may reinfect upon any future exposure.<br /><br />I cannot truly enjoy a meal of any over indulgence, whether it be gross scientific manipulation of genetic material or the price one must pay for organic truffle oil.  I have however been deeply grateful for what has been shared with me out of poverty.  I am a witness to precious human lives being saved with nutrition that might have been considered fit for a dumpster in our culture and animals surviving on even less.<br /><br />That Mr. Pollan can fill so many pages with so much verbage about agri-business and the implied maliciousness of the food industry, elaborating about his own hunting, gathering, and squeamishness, only causes me to wonder what the size of the carbon footprint his book produced in its making.several parasitic diseases everpresent in their lives as even after treatment, the parasite may reinfect upon any future exposure.    I cannot truly enjoy a meal of any over indulgence, whether it be gross scientific manipulation of genetic material or the price one must pay for organic truffle oil.  I have however been deeply grateful for what has been shared with me out of poverty.  I am a witness to precious human lives being saved with nutrition that might have been considered fit for a dumpster in our culture and animals surviving on even less.      That Mr. Pollan can fill so many pages with so much verbage about agri-business and the implied maliciousness of the food industry, elaborating about his own hunting, gathering, and squeamishness, only causes me to wonder what the size of the carbon footprint his book produced in its making.
0425188809|5.0|I absolutely loved this book. It was very intense and I could just picutre this Golden Retriever doing all the \\"people\\" things he did as the book went along.  I have had four Golden's in my \\"dog\\" years and think that some of the things the Golden did could be taught.  The story was intriguing and intense right from the beginning and I have read it twice in the past five years because I loved it so much.  It was one of the truly favorite books of mine and will continue to be so.  He also has another book about a Golden that I just read titled \\"The Darkest Evening of the Year.\\"  Another great book, but \\"Watchers\\" is still the favorite among Dean Koontz for me.
B00004WGAA|5.0|if you are a fan of oldies horror, this is a must purchase.  the two films go well together for a double feature of horror
B00005JKCH|3.0|Spiderman is better than 3 stars but its not a 4 star movie. It starts well enough and Peter Parkers discovery of his new found powers is well done both in the School scenes and later in the wrestling/cage fight. The fight in the school is very well done and Parker's discovery of his new much faster reactions remains perhaps the highpoint of the film. Its in this section of the film that the director Sam Raimi's touch is most evident.<br /><br />However the film loses momentum and gets more and more predictable as it progresses and in the end was certainly too long. The leading actors did a fine job and the best thing in the film is Tobey Maquire, whose portrayal is spot-on. There are extras galore on disc 2 as well as commentaries on on disc 1. So it is certainly worth seeing (and at the Cinema it was very impressive) but it loses quite a lot on the small screen and I would only buy if cheap.
B000Z27HLS|4.0|I have waited a LONG time for this.<br />I just wanted to say that according to the IMDB.<br />The extra 34 minutes is in the commercials.<br />The movie itself is the 86 minutes according to one UK reviewer.<br /><br />Definetely the better of the two made for TV movies.<br />I wanted to watch it again and again.<br /><br />It is a lot like the first one(1986?) but without the darkness of it.<br /><br />Basically Jane Austen is spoofing the thriller chiller novelist of the time and shows how reading this type of material can get you into alot of trouble.<br /><br />Also, as always, Jane is writing about the socialism of the times.<br />How money and title is what makes for a marriage rather than love.<br /><br />But, as usual, it is very romantic and Jane doesnt disappoint in the end.<br /><br />This has mystery, betrayal, intrigue and romanticism.<br /><br />Not as good as her other works but still very enjoyable.
B000WZAE1I|5.0|If you haven't seen this movie... GET IT.     It's a great movie. I won't ruin it but Robert Deniro is really funny in this movie. The with (Michelle Pfeiffer) is also really good in this movie. She is the perfect evil witch.    Have fun! And get this movie!
0131103628|5.0|I have a few years of PHP, Python and JavaScript experience. I don't have a computer science degree. I picked up this tiny 180 page book and learned C in a few weeks. I did a lot of the exercises, which at first were incredibly challenging, but then once things click, you'll see the solutions aren't impossible. I feel that I've learned enough C to write a pretty decent program. Things like gcc and linking and using shared libraries aren't covered, and the standard headers have been updated since this book I think. Some online reading, or an additional book will be required in addition to this.
B0001XALTG|4.0|**** 1996. Directed by Danny Boyle, this film is an adaptation of Irvine Welsh's [[ASIN:0393057240 Trainspotting]]. British Academy Award in the Best Screenplay-adapted category. The movie that launched the career of Danny Boyle, Ewan McGregor and Robert Carlyle. Tragi-comedy at its best.
B000JJRIN4|3.0|Let's get straight to the point; apart from the excellent 'Early Winter', is there any reason to buy Gwen Stefani's 'the Sweet Escape'?<br />Not really I'm afraid. In truth it's a poor album with some good bits to push around - some nuggets to be found in the gravel.<br /><br />'Early Winter' would be a standout on the best of albums, 'Fluorescent' swirls nicely and 'Wonderful Life' lives its title in a hot, sumptuous, free-flowing sense.<br /><br />Unfortunately, for every 'Early Winter' there's at least two 'Wind it Up's in  contradistinction.<br />'Wind it Up' is particularly bad. Mad 'Sound of Music' yodeling, followed by feeble rap, and 'Now That You Got It' is a typically bland Gwen effort; more rap, with our heroine in her full-on 'Goodfellas' brogue (it's funny how she doesn't have the daft accent on her better songs, is she trying to hide something?).<br />'Yummy' is another stinker of the highest order; hopeless hip-hop with Pharrell saying 'nigga' just to keep Gwen's new wave/controversial credentials intact.<br /><br />I honestly don't know if I like Gwen or not. She's undoubtedly a fabulous woman, much admired in celebrity circles for her staunch family-first stand-point as well as her staggering good looks.<br />And this is where my reservations come in.<br /><br />With all that she's got going for her, you can't help the uneasy feeling that she should be doing much better.<br />I'm not talking about irrelevant sales figures, I'm talking of Gwen, the glorious example of blooming womanhood, who should be striding ahead of her (much less  talented) contemporaries with a swagger and one quick shake of those shiny platinum locks. That she isn't is the ponderer. When she listens back to 'The Sweet Escape' she knows, like everyone else does, that's it's at best, okay.<br />And that's just not good enough.<br /><br />She's manufactured to be sure but she's canny as well. She realises she has four good songs on 'the Sweet Escape' and a big heap of filler, and yet she's convinced a lot of people (including the Stiffs that must be running EMI-America) that it's a great album. No mean feat.<br />She achieves in so many areas, but fails in the important one - her living up to her potential as one of the great true voices of feminism in rock.<br /><br />'the Sweet Escape', the song itself, is a giveaway. With Acorn yelping pointlessly away in the background, Gwen gets all confessional. Regaling her enraptured fans, worshipping at her deliciously manicured feet, with how she's been so bad, had it so bad, but come out the other side as a better person blah, blah...This is standard rock-rebel territory and in this sense she's as fraudulent as that ol' Dag Queen, Davie Bowie; using a blunt sexual image to hide the something-of-herself-that-we-actually-do-want-to-see. In the video, she's in prison stripes - wow Gwen, hit us over the head with it why dontcha?<br /><br />Confession is good for the soul, but not in the case of THIS music.<br />She's got slick backing musicians as you'd expect, but despite all the surface shine and razzamatazz, she doesn't really sparkle as she should. (A surfeit of H2o perhaps......?)<br />It's gonna sound odd, but I want to hear her SING more. She doesn't very often!<br /><br />This is where 'Early Winter' is an exception. At last she actually GIVES something and the lush, deep music wraps itself around her.<br />A killer combination, like mating cobras in moving, shifting sand.<br />That it's followed by the squeaky and irritating 'Now That You Got It' sums up the albums failings in one swift interchange.<br /><br />I thought it might be me being a bit unfair, I've never been big on styles jumping all over the place. I like consistency and cohesion, but even after many sympathetic listens (I want her to do well, I really do!) I'm still left with the sense that she's gone off half-cock, left the job unfinished. Those of us awaiting a threat were met by more of a shrug-of-the-shoulders, a stationaryattitude. Oh that'll do.<br /><br />To paraphrase a well-known modern philosopher; her songs don't seem to come from any place, and that means (of course!) that they don't move you, the eager listener, in any direction.<br />Next time she needs unshackling, to cut loose, to not play it so safe. Bin the passe 'guest stars',(all on her label no doubt, oops!) get a LOUD guitar in, and stop all that predictable ghetto wittering.<br /><br />Madonna came back from years of stagnation with the superb 'Ray of Light', and one readily believes Gwen is quite capable of doing similar, but you feel she needs someone to give her a good kick up her perfectly formed jacksie to get the required reaction.<br /><br />Alexis (14) says \\"So much freedom, so little choice.\\"<br />Gwen (40) says \\"Why do you act so stoopid ?\\"<br />Answers please in the 'Comments' section...any place, and that means (of course!) that they don't move you, the eager listener, in any direction.  Next time she needs unshackling, to cut loose, to not play it so safe. Bin the passe 'guest stars',(all on her label no doubt, oops!) get a LOUD guitar in, and stop all that predictable ghetto wittering.    Madonna came back from years of stagnation with the superb 'Ray of Light', and one readily believes Gwen is quite capable of doing similar, but you feel she needs someone to give her a good kick up her perfectly formed jacksie to get the required reaction.    Alexis (14) says \\"So much freedom, so little choice.\\"  Gwen (40) says \\"Why do you act so stoopid ?\\"  Answers please in the 'Comments' section...
B000EHPZK4|4.0|this toy holds the interest of our 8 year old son. a plus is that it is a game he can play on his own, and its advancing levels keep him challenged. one drawback is that the tiny silver balls required to play can often go missing.
B000063JZQ|5.0|[[ASIN:B000063JZQ Macbeth]] Excellent version!  Well received by students!  I highly recommend it to supplement the reading of the play.
B00005JPTI|3.0|By far my dumbest review title, but it gets to the point.  What's the point?  Every time civilization is engulfed in some sort of cannibalistic, zombie-esque plague many questions get begged and then I fail to enjoy the movie.  I hate it when I ruin movies with logic.  I have much more fun when I can let things go.  Unfortunately for me and my wife reality reared its ugly head while watching this film.  Fortunately for the movie, reality does not make it a bad film.  What am I getting at anyway!!?  To save all of us some time, here is a list of bullet statements to explain my problematic reality check of civilizations end (again):<br /><br />(Some of this might be considered \\"spoiler\\" material so consider yourself warned)<br />-Why do plagues always turn people into cannibals?  And when they turn into cannibals, why don't they eat each other?  In this film the plague-ridden are maniacal, night dwelling blood suckers.  Don't any of them have blood in their bodies to share?<br /><br />-If animals get said plague, as is the case in this film, why would they not try to eat their plague infected masters?  If the plague turns people into animals does it turn animals into... ...more animals??  I guess we should assume that getting the plague and going nuts ends all bigotry and discrimination not only between races, but also species.  If you have the plague you're cool.  If you don't you're dinner.  Hey, another upside to getting the plague!<br /><br />-In real life a plague weakens and kills people. In movies often the plague that ends civilization turns people into super beings.  Not such a bad deal really.  If I could run like the wind, scamper up walls like a squirrel, knock over cars by running into them and endure copious amounts of pain I'd consider taking up the plague voluntarily and become a superhero.  Of course I'd need to work around that urge to eat my fellow man.<br /><br />-Do the infected reproduce (am I nuts or am I the only one in the theater thinking about this stuff?)?  I mean, if they don't do \\"the act\\" aren't they going to disappear after a couple of generations?  If they do commit \\"the act\\" do the female plaguies eat the male plaguies when they're done?  I know the zombies don't do it, but you never run out of dead people.  Although, at some point after everyone is a zombie, there is going to be a big rot-fest and everyone will just fall to pieces.  Don't want to be there for that.  In \\"28 days later\\" people eventually die of the plague, so that works out nicely.<br /><br />-Since plaguies are crazed animals (sort of) and they don't really do anything but hunt for food and since they don't eat each other, wouldn't they eventually run out of food?  What happens when they eat all the healthy people and animals (Whom they greatly outnumber btw)?  Since they don't eat members of the club, this presents a problem.<br /><br />-Are the plague-ridden impervious to extremes in temperature?  Since they seem to have lost most capacity for manufacturing and electricity is becoming a distant memory, how will they stay warm in the winter?  They run around in rags with nothing on their feet, so finding new cloths seems a low priority. Do they migrate?  Hardly seems likely with that inconvenient allergy to UV light.  They do have a high metabolic rate so maybe that helps.  But, without fur covering there skin, it is more than likely that northern Plaguies would eventually die off due to exposure and cold.<br /><br />-Why do plaguies suddenly have the ability to stretch their facial bones every time they want to yell out with an attack scream?  This is kind of a rip-off from \\"The Mummy\\" movie and really looked fake and out of place in this movie.  I liked it in \\"The Mummy\\" because that was pure fantasy.  This is sci-fi and it didn't look right.  Using CG was OK for everything else because of the superpowers plaguies possess.  I just don't understand why their jaws needed to stretch.<br /><br />-Does immunity to a zombiesque plague cause you to lose your mind or miss the obvious?  At a crucial point of the movie, we learn that Will is not the sole survivor (a woman and her son pop in).  The woman insists that there are more survivors in a nearby colony.  Will insists there is no one else (boy, does he miss the obvious).  When Will asks the woman why she believes there are more survivors she tells him (paraphrase) \\"God says so.\\".  WHAAAA?!?!  She really does not get fact-based debate.  The correct and obvious answer should have been \\"We're here, aren't we?\\"  Both people missed the most obvious things and that's just not what real people do.<br /><br />-Do any of us want a future with Will Smith in it?  The prospects are bleak; Alien invasion wiping out most of humanity.  Robot rebellion.  Plague infested world full of vampires.  I pick the robots.<br /><br />In the Chuck Hesston version \\"Omega Man\\", the plague victims become cult members.  Never is cannibalism ever mentioned.  They simply want to get Chuck because he's not one of them and he wants to \\"cure\\" who they are.  That makes things a lot more feasible in the long run.  \\"I Am Legend\\" makes a similar point.  He treats the plaguies like animals (a reputation well earned) and subsequently becomes their enemy.  In the end, there are questions who the bad guy is (at least I thought so).<br /><br /> There are plenty of tense and scary scenes in which Will Smith does a great job.  A very well made movie that beg lots of silly questions from one silly guy.  These questions kind of ruined the movie for me though.  I would actually recommend avoiding at the theater and buying on DVD.  Theaters are just too expensive these days and there is little advantage to seeing it on the big screen.  Overall a fun movie but you will need to stop asking so many goofy questions if you want to enjoy it.point of the movie, we learn that Will is not the sole survivor (a woman and her son pop in).  The woman insists that there are more survivors in a nearby colony.  Will insists there is no one else (boy, does he miss the obvious).  When Will asks the woman why she believes there are more survivors she tells him (paraphrase) \\"God says so.\\".  WHAAAA?!?!  She really does not get fact-based debate.  The correct and obvious answer should have been \\"We're here, aren't we?\\"  Both people missed the most obvious things and that's just not what real people do.    -Do any of us want a future with Will Smith in it?  The prospects are bleak; Alien invasion wiping out most of humanity.  Robot rebellion.  Plague infested world full of vampires.  I pick the robots.      In the Chuck Hesston version \\"Omega Man\\", the plague victims become cult members.  Never is cannibalism ever mentioned.  They simply want to get Chuck because he's not one of them and he wants to \\"cure\\" who they are.  That makes things a lot more feasible in the long run.  \\"I Am Legend\\" makes a similar point.  He treats the plaguies like animals (a reputation well earned) and subsequently becomes their enemy.  In the end, there are questions who the bad guy is (at least I thought so).      There are plenty of tense and scary scenes in which Will Smith does a great job.  A very well made movie that beg lots of silly questions from one silly guy.  These questions kind of ruined the movie for me though.  I would actually recommend avoiding at the theater and buying on DVD.  Theaters are just too expensive these days and there is little advantage to seeing it on the big screen.  Overall a fun movie but you will need to stop asking so many goofy questions if you want to enjoy it.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|[[ASIN:B000V8I2QU Magic]]I did't think this could ever happen but Bruce  Springstein has put an album out just as good as Born to Run. Where Born to Run is an 11... Magic is a 10.75. Now, I don't agree with the media by  putting out the radio song out as the single. Actually That is the only song I can live without but I don't hate it. After listining to it a 2nd and 3rd time i've grown to like it. The EAST STREET BAND is right on top as usual. I would recomend this album to any Bruce fan, guaranteed to give you a chill. They can't do much better than MAGIC. ENJOY                      DC IN NEW YORK
B00000899T|4.0|Well, a band can't possibly put out a project as gargantuan as Mellon Collie without imploding shortly afterwards. And that's pretty much what happened - Chamberlain got lost in a narcotic haze, and after overdosing along with a member of the Pumpkins' touring ensemble (the latter of whom died), he was ejected from the group. Interestingly, the group decided to keep on rolling without him, simply either swapping in a drum machine or not using drums at all. So this is a very subtle record with an electronica influence, and Corgan had one intention with it - to revolutionize the world of music by making rock obsolete. That obviously didn't work, but it's still an interesting record. I mean, it would be a hell of a stretch to call this the group's best, but I like it. It's accessible, melodic pseudo-electronica. Sometimes it's drop-dead gorgeous (the opening \\"To Sheila\\"), sometimes it sprinkles in a bit of rock (the totally awesome \\"Ava Adore\\") or folk (\\"Perfect\\"; \\"Once Upon a Time\\"; \\"The Tale of Dusty and Pistol Pete\\") to add interest, and rather than slip into mindless synth cheese Corgan always does something creative with those keyboards (\\"Daphne Descends\\", which is also the catchiest track on the record; \\"Tear\\"). But here's a counterpoint: it's a 74-minute CD. That is long. Yes, I know, Mellon Collie was longer, but Mellon Collie was also more consistent. I mean, I can hang with the first six tracks. Definitely. But when you get past that, this album wanders into the wilderness. \\"Crestfallen\\", for one, is just boring. It goes on the chopping block. \\"Appels + Oranjes\\" is nice enough, but it's also an inferior respin of \\"Daphne Descends\\". And \\"Pug\\" is just bad. The guitars and synthesizers clash. And not in a Velvet Underground, cool-clashing sense. It just sounds awful. \\"Annie-Dog\\" is a lethargic piano dirge, so it gets the chop, too. \\"Shame\\" has a nice guitar line, but that isn't enough to justify its length or annoying refrain (\\"Sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-shame!\\" over and over and over again). It's better than the dense pretension of \\"Behold! The Night Mare\\", at least. I could've certainly done without that one. \\"For Martha\\" is another elongated piano dirge, but it actually has a good piano part, unlike \\"Annie-Dog\\". So it's a keeper. Quite a heartfelt song, which makes sense because it's written for Corgan's deceased mother, or at least that's what I've always heard. The big release, with the oddly tuned guitar solo, is fantastic. \\"Blank Page\\" is yet another piano dirge, but sadly it's closer to \\"Annie-Dog\\" than \\"For Martha\\", so goodbye to that one. \\"17\\" is seventeen seconds of screwing around, and it blows, so goodbye to that one, too. On a whole Adore is a very good record, but there's an even better one buried within it, one that you kinda have to dig around for to get. It helps if you listen to it three or four times. But once you've got it, there's no going back. It can't match the previous two albums, but it's good.er and over again). It's better than the dense pretension of \\"Behold! The Night Mare\\", at least. I could've certainly done without that one. \\"For Martha\\" is another elongated piano dirge, but it actually has a good piano part, unlike \\"Annie-Dog\\". So it's a keeper. Quite a heartfelt song, which makes sense because it's written for Corgan's deceased mother, or at least that's what I've always heard. The big release, with the oddly tuned guitar solo, is fantastic. \\"Blank Page\\" is yet another piano dirge, but sadly it's closer to \\"Annie-Dog\\" than \\"For Martha\\", so goodbye to that one. \\"17\\" is seventeen seconds of screwing around, and it blows, so goodbye to that one, too. On a whole Adore is a very good record, but there's an even better one buried within it, one that you kinda have to dig around for to get. It helps if you listen to it three or four times. But once you've got it, there's no going back. It can't match the previous two albums, but it's good.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|I received this item extremely fast, thank you.  I've ordered from other dealers before and by the time the DVD comes in, I've completely forgotten that I ordered it ~ Usually takes weeks.  This place is awesome and I'd order from here again.
B000002AGB|5.0|This is a heavily acclaimed live album, at times compared favorably to Live at Leeds. And there's a good reason for that: this is the Who, a legendary live act, at their prime, playing a really good show. Sure, you could complain about all the overlap with the one-disc Leeds  reissue - \\"Young Man's Blues\\", \\"Heaven and Hell\\", \\"Summertime Blues\\", and a multitude of the early hits (\\"I Can't Explain\\", \\"Substitute\\", \\"My Generation\\", \\"Happy Jack\\", \\"Magic Bus\\") appear on both discs - but that doesn't matter much, and I'll tell you why: those songs, both originals and covers, represent the Who at their absolute prime. Other than those, most the album is devoted to one of two things. There are a lot of Lifehouse outtakes: \\"I Don't Even Know Myself\\" (a fun little rocker that switches to jaunty ragtime), \\"Water\\" (an awesome epic rocker with Pete packing more guitar heroics into eleven minutes than most guitarists can fit into an album - it obliterates the version found as a bonus track on Who's Next), and \\"Naked Eye\\", which only rules slightly less than \\"Water\\"; or, the reason you probably bought this in the first place, a performance on Tommy that's more or less in its entirety, though \\"Underture\\", \\"Welcome\\", \\"Cousin Kevin\\" and \\"Sally Simpson\\" are absent, and the order is a bit off - \\"Tommy Can You Hear Me\\" is for whatever reason placed before \\"Go to the Mirror?\\", even though it makes no sense when placed there. The Tommy performance is as good as if not better than the original version, since Townshend plays a lot of guitar, and there aren't many better guitarists than Pete. It's loaded with energy, too. Okay, so the piano part on \\"1921\\" is missed, as are all the French horn parts. The \\"Amazing Journey\\"/\\"Sparks\\" medley is always classic (Especially \\"Sparks\\", where Townshend gets in more of those guitar heroics you heard on \\"Water\\" - it's enough to rival Jimi Hendrix, and Entwistle plays another genius bassline, the kind he could knock off without even thinking too hard about it - Keith Moon goes crazier than usual, and it's too bad they never gave him a drum solo. That would be amusing), \\"The Acid Queen\\" is graced with one of Pete's most distinctive vocals; \\"Pinball Wizard\\" is \\"Pinball Wizard\\" (need I say anymore? By the way, how did he manage to play the intro with only one guitar? Does Roger do double-duty or something?), they rampage their way through \\"Go to the Mirror!\\", not like that's a bad thing; \\"We're Not Gonna Take It\\" is still the same desperate prayer. And even some of the \\"minor\\" songs have their good points - \\"Christmas\\" and \\"Eyesight to the Blind\\" aren't favorites of mine, but they are performed quite well. Sadly, an ear-bursting \\"I'm Free\\" doesn't at all fit the subtlety required for that song, and it ends up being the only real disappointment on the album, along with \\"Substitute\\", which they seemingly can't get right live. The rambling \\"My Generation\\" is much better, though, and an easy highlight. Great guitar solos, and I like the random quote from \\"Water\\". So no, this album can't match Live at Leeds, but what can?it - Keith Moon goes crazier than usual, and it's too bad they never gave him a drum solo. That would be amusing), \\"The Acid Queen\\" is graced with one of Pete's most distinctive vocals; \\"Pinball Wizard\\" is \\"Pinball Wizard\\" (need I say anymore? By the way, how did he manage to play the intro with only one guitar? Does Roger do double-duty or something?), they rampage their way through \\"Go to the Mirror!\\", not like that's a bad thing; \\"We're Not Gonna Take It\\" is still the same desperate prayer. And even some of the \\"minor\\" songs have their good points - \\"Christmas\\" and \\"Eyesight to the Blind\\" aren't favorites of mine, but they are performed quite well. Sadly, an ear-bursting \\"I'm Free\\" doesn't at all fit the subtlety required for that song, and it ends up being the only real disappointment on the album, along with \\"Substitute\\", which they seemingly can't get right live. The rambling \\"My Generation\\" is much better, though, and an easy highlight. Great guitar solos, and I like the random quote from \\"Water\\". So no, this album can't match Live at Leeds, but what can?
1401308201|4.0|No, I haven't seen the Broadway show - or the one in Chicago, etc.  Yes, I've heard the soundtrack and LOVED it.  My 10 year old future actress is in love with Wicked, so I decided to purchase this as a last minute Christmas gift. I am glad that I did!  She loves it - it gives her a good idea of what the show is about - both in front of the audience and behind the curtains.  The pictures are great and the cover really COOL!  Now, if I could get tickets to the show for a great bargain like the purchase of this book!
B000YIGNKE|2.0|I was very disappointed in this version of one of my favorite Jane Austen books. When Anne repeatedly looks directly into the camera, it felt like I was back on Gilligan's Island and the Skipper was doing one of his looks. Offputting. The cast was fine and I thought Sally's acting was pretty much on target-besides the disconcerting glances at the audience. She really was able to give the emotion to Anne she needed, although her personality seemed a bit more martyrish than I would like. The 1995 version was much better overall, in involving you in the life of the characters, and I felt much more true to the book than this version.
B000VWYJ86|5.0|Great delivery.  In top condition and very prompt.  I was quite impressed.  Ballin
B000M06K5C|5.0|Bloc Party have created another epic here with \\"A Weekend in the City\\" If anything it is more solid than the first album. I would highly recommend this album to anyone wanting to get into a new type of music as you really should not be disappointed.
B000YIGNKE|3.0|I'll give this production three stars because while it's a fairly entertaining adaptation of what I believe to be Austen's finest novel, I found the jerky camera work to be distracting, the male lead insipid, and the overall narrative inconsistent with Austen's incomparable novel.        Sally Hawkins is endearing as Anne, and Rupert Penry-Jones is a charming enough Wentworth, although I had a difficult time truly apprehending that his Wentworth truly spent eight years pining for love lost. The reviewer who likened Anne running around Bath for the penultimate 5 minutes of the film to a headless turkey hit it dead on--no true gentleman's daughter would behave in such a fashion! In addition, this production didn't have what I call a \\"deep bench\\".  The supporting actors seem to be there just for scenery, not really adding to the depth of the narrative. That said, it's a nice enough distraction if you're looking for a good film to pass an hour and a half.    For a truly faithful and well-acted adaptation of Persuasion, I wholeheartedly recommend the vastly superior 1995 version starring Ciaran Hinds and Amanda Root.
0743289684|5.0|A fascinating book by an exceptional person.  Everyone should read this account of a life that matured and fought for existence in different cultures.  East and West, black and white, woman and man, culture and individuality.  Call it what you want.  To me it's about a truly brave, intelligent and passionate human being.  I consider myself lucky when I find a book of this caliber.  It's like discovering fire by accident.
B000P2A256|5.0|Well it good to know that one of my favortie groups was able to avoid the sophmore slumps.  I love this album, as I loved the first.  I'm thankful for a little change to the sound, as it shows an artist desire to change, grow, try new things.  This is definately something I'm glad they tried.
B0010AN7Y0|4.0|I have been waiting YEARS for this to come out! This is a great movie about college friends who get together about 10 years later and reminisce about their years in school and the time in between.
B000NA2776|5.0|I bought this because I really enjoyed a couple of the more popular songs. Once I listed to the who cd, three times in a row, I realized that I loved the whole thing! There isn't a bad song in the bunch! And the last song on the cd, a secret track, was amazing.If you like a combination of The Beatles and Queen, with a techno-disco feel, you will love this.
B000VWYJ86|5.0|This is an excellent DVD, and we recommend to anyone who likes fast paced movies.
B000001Y79|5.0|I Love NO DOUBT, the best songs on this one are Spiderwebs,Just a Girl,Sunday Morning and Don't Speak
B00005S6K8|5.0|Very good movie.  Great job of remaking the original film with Bogart, Hepburn and Holden.
B000JJRIN4|5.0|Gwen Stefani doesn't fail to please, I really loved this CD and I'm happy with the way her life turned out with her husband and baby she wanted so much!
0446677450|4.0|This is a useful book to change the way we think.  In terms of the how-to's, well, it's not a terribly easy subject to give concrete how-to's for.  That ought to be a disclaimer in the book.  However, it's a very valid way of thinking that might seem \\"unfair\\", but actually has a great deal of truth to it.
B000YIGNKE|1.0|Please do not waste your money.  The actors are dour, lifeless, and constantly stare into the camera.  It quickly becomes annoying.  They have pointlessly rearranged dialogue from the book so, for example, Wentworth makes an idiot of himself describing the woman he would marry in front of a crowd of people.  Even more annoying at the beginning and the end of the movie they have Anne running marathons through her house and the streets of Bath.  Did anyone read the book or even the Cliff Notes to get the point about persuasion?  Guess not.  For some reason they have taken out all of the wit and insight of Jane Austen and left you with some soggy melodramatic sop.  Run, do not walk, to the nearest bookstore and buy the book or, if you want a video, there is a very solid and more faithful rendition from 1995 as mentioned earlier.
B000VWYJ8G|5.0|My husband & I loved this movie. Better than the first (2). Action right from the beginning.
B000056HE9|5.0|A friend introduced us to this movie and I had not seen it but that one time.  I jumped at the chance to order and own it on DVD.  Its one of the best classics for the Season.  If you haven't seen it, you owe it to yourself to check it out.
0316067598|5.0|This book is a fast read - you can't put it down.  Luttrell makes you feel as if you are there along side of him as he completes his SEAL training, and then during his perilous mission in a hostile country where the enemy was relentless and never retreated.  My heart went out to these Heroes who took everything the enemy could throw at them but never faltered and sent to Hades so many of these enemies of America. These SEAL'S, as well as all are troops in harms way, are truly America's Heroes!
B000HEWEJO|5.0|I haven't gotten to watch this DVD yet because of my husband spending the Christmas week in the hospital but I am delighted to own this copy of one of my favorites.  It just isn't Christmas til we've seen this one.
B00023B1LM|5.0|The Bourne Identity is a fast moving, action packed, suspenseful tour de force that is a must see for spy film fans. Matt Damon is riveting as Jason Bourne and the supporting cast is a perfect fit.
B00006AVRK|5.0|My Mom (78) myself (57) and my sons (20 and 18) are laughing out loud at this series. The original books did the same. The creators of this version have captured the look, sound and sensibility of the period and the spirit of the books. Fry and Laurie are perfect as are the rest of the cast.
B00005JPFH|4.0|A gift for my Son. He liked it but didn't think it was as good as the first 2.
B000MZHW1S|4.0|It's unfortunate there has to be a winner and loser in the high definition DVD formats. This HD-DVD offers great video and audio, plus it has an internet bonus. A good story about the effects of diamond smuggling and outstanding acting by all participants. However, it appears HD-DVD isn't going to survive, but my Toshiba  AC-3 will stay in action for a long time. Besides the HD-DVD, it improves the video and audio quality of regular DVDs. I'm pulling for HD-DVD to pull out at least a tie. What's the matter with players, such as Samsung and LG has introduced, that plays both? And why won't the movie industry support both formats? Well, of course, the reason is cost. But it doesn't make sense to leave the million-plus buyers of HD-DVD players high and dry.
0440238609|5.0|I ordered this set of books for a Christmas present for my daughter. She is an avid reader and this item was high on her list. My experience with Amazon is that it is very user friendly to order and best of all the delivery is timely and the product in great shape. A great overall experience.
1594489505|5.0|I bought this book as part of a book club - The book changed my perspective of life. It makes me thankful of my husband, daughter and that I'm an American!     I ordered The Kite Runner - can't wait till it arrives!
0143058525|5.0|I almost bought this in book form.  Two factors had me choose the CD version.  #1, I don't have the kind of uninterrupted reading time I would want to devote to a chronicle such as I knew this to be and, #2, it was read by the author.  The last reason turned out to be the best.  Ms. Gilbert lays bare her experiences during her journey to the center of her being.  Hearing about it in her own voice has left me awed and inspired.  I recommend this book to all and . . .if at all possible . . . let Elizabeth Gilbert tell you her story personally.
B0000AUHQT|5.0|The critics struck out on this one.  This is a great movie that follows the book very closely.  Redford, Farrow, and Waterston really bring this film to life.  Visually loaded, the movie has all of the Gatsby excesses one might expect to see.  Highly recommended, this is a classroom friendly version of arguably the best American novel ever written (exception Catcher in the Rye?).
B00006CXSS|5.0|The DVD come in a nice collectors tin box. The movies themselves are great. My husband enjoyed them very much.
B000JLQSW4|5.0|Lots of good old tunes.  I had forgotten how great Alan Parsons Project was!
1878424505|5.0|I purchased this book several ago, after seeing it on Oprah and what a great book.  In my opinion its the only book you will ever need (with the exception of the bible).  Its a life changing book, that really hits you at the core of who and what you are as a human being.  The most challenging agreement for me is making assumptions. I am still working on that one, but with the help of this book and the bible, I have come a long way.<br /><br />I have purchased many self-help books over the years, to guide me in my life choices, trials and tribulations, accomplishments, etc., but after one day of reading this book, I knew I found what I needed to help me with my quest for spiritual satisfaction and fulfillment.  The 4 agreements and the bible work hand in hand for me.<br /><br />Thank you so much Mr. Ruiz for this wonderful book.
B000001FN3|4.0|This made me pull out my Edgar Allan Poe book of essays and share with my son (age 16)  The music just bridges the poetry perfectly.  We ended up talking about how the APP group got started, not as a band but as a \\"project\\".  Just good talking.
B000U0F7RG|5.0|Got this for Christmas and I love, love, love it! I love the case, it's really cute, and I am looking forward to watching these while I recover from some minor surgery!
B00004Y6O9|5.0|I still love it and my son is rocking out to it too (and pointing out that you really got me was a remake!!  I had forgotten!!)  this music is classic!
0439882826|5.0|I bought this for Christmas for my 5 year old twin sons who are Star Wars nuts.  They love looking at all the pop-ups, and I am amazed at how detailed everything is.  My only concern is that I would not leave them alone to look at it, as you need to be a bit gentle with it so it doesn't tear.  So far so good at our house though.  Its a great book for us to look through together.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|Merchandise get on time for Christmas. I wae amaized I got it five days after placing the order.
1552095258|5.0|Very informative book that covers everything from the historical background of paddle design to a detailed how to on how best to build a paddle.  As an avid paddler and woodworker, I found this book to be perfect.
B0004Z33G4|5.0|[[ASIN:B0004Z33G4 Rambo Trilogy (Ultimate Edition DVD Collection) (3-Disc Collector Set) - (First Blood/Rambo: First Blood Part II/Rambo III)]]<br />excellent?
B000R7I3LY|5.0|I was recently in a Nashville recording studio with A-list session musicians, and they were all buzzing about this album. Usually that's a sure sign of commercial failure (lol), but in this case good taste and success appear to be marching hand in hand.    The songwriting is honest. The melodies are interesting. There are moments where she sounds like Fiona Apple, but with a little less angst. The production appropriately frames the songs and Sara's voice.    If you like singer/songwriter-y music, you'll like Sara Bareilles.
0440238609|5.0|We purchased this trilogy of books as a Christmas gift for our son's girlfriend.  The books arrived promptly and she loved what we got her.  Thanks Amazon for another great buying experience!
B000UBMSB8|5.0|Product was received on time in excellent condition.  My son was thrilled and watched it immediately.  Thanks.
B000002J1U|5.0|My girlfriend's uncle is a Led Zeppelin fan and he was very happy to receive this gift from me for Christmas.  A must own for Zeppelin fans.
B00003CXCT|5.0|Very Pleased with the seller - quick delivery & in perfect condition.  Would recommend others to buy from this seller.  It was a Christmas gift & my family was very happy with the 3 DVD collection.
B000AYEL1A|5.0|I bought this DVD for my girlfriend's aunt for Christmas and it may have been her favorite gift.  She is a big fan of both stars and a big fan of this movie, so she was happy to receive this gift.
B00006RU5B|5.0|Chris Cornell has such a distinct voice.  I could listen to Stone over and over all day and not get sick of it.
B000BJS4TO|4.0|This CD contains some very nice music and \\"Going to School\\" is one of my all time favorites.
184195425X|5.0|I enjoyed listening to this on audiobook.  I've been checking them out from the library and oftentimes find the reader to be hard to listen to so I started a listmania list to give a guide of good audiobooks in my opinion. Pi is definitely on the list.  It was so interesting, imagine being stuck on a lifeboat with a Bengal tiger.
B000BTJDGC|3.0|Let me offer a couple of positives first:<br />1) I was engaged.<br />2) Neither side of the argument was dismissed. While I found it hard to believe the prosecutor was indeed a Christian, he was presenting his side in a courtroom. The insults and snotty asides were believable in the environment. But the default position was not that religion was foolish and stupid, and that alone is a pleasure. Many of the negative reviews here are from people who demand just such a presentation.<br />3) While we had plenty of opportunity for gratuitous nudity, the film makers inadvertently left out all the nude scenes. Quite surprising.<br />4) Lots of small details that worked quite well. Thought went into the look and feel.<br />5) The priest was not a pedophile, a hypocrite, or a liar.<br />6) People of deep faith were not presented as kooks or crackpots (well, not too much....)<br /><br />However, three stars means not bad, but certainly not good either. I wish this film had asked the hard questions about faith and science and belief. With all the talk these days about Hitchens and Dawkins, these are vital and important topics. But no, this film took the easy way out, setting up very thin straw men and knocking them over rather nonchalantly. Is there a possibility of the supernatural? If you believe not (and it is an a priori belief) then all events that seem to be supernatural have a materialistic explanation. We see a lot of that in this film, as doctors describe symptoms as proving this or that diagnosis. But the core adherence to that natural explanation is a belief as faith in God is a belief. If you choose to deny any possibility of an reality outside physical reality, this movie will annoy and disappoint. The horror is hardly good enough to stand on its own. And the believers will seem like dunderheads and crackpots.<br /><br />I cannot speak for what a believing Catholic would think; though I can't imagine they would be upset. However, if you do believe in the supernatural, as I do, but do not share Roman Catholic theology, as I also do, what then? The silly courtroom back and forth will irritate and seem less real than Perry Mason, the oh-so-open-minded defense attorney will exasperate, and the glib explanations of evil by the priest will seem rather tepid. Evil is much bigger than what we see here. It's not about screamy voices or wild actions; it's about how people are consumed by it and act in deference to it.<br /><br />The careful attention to small details made a pretty good film. The lack of attention to the big ideas proved fatal.Catholic theology, as I also do, what then? The silly courtroom back and forth will irritate and seem less real than Perry Mason, the oh-so-open-minded defense attorney will exasperate, and the glib explanations of evil by the priest will seem rather tepid. Evil is much bigger than what we see here. It's not about screamy voices or wild actions; it's about how people are consumed by it and act in deference to it.    The careful attention to small details made a pretty good film. The lack of attention to the big ideas proved fatal.
B00104W8T6|4.0|This is a great soundtrack that really brings the movie's spirit home.  It's almost impossible for every song in a compilation like this to be fantastic, and the one that brings this soundtrack down is Sonic's Youth \\"Superstar,\\" which brings the mood down and throws off the vitality and energy of the rest of the songs.<br /><br />Parents should be aware that the toe-tapping song in the 8th position prominently features the 'f-bomb.'  My wife made me put that in the review!<br /><br />A great soundtrack for a great movie!
B000NVIXDW|5.0|I saw him on Sunday Morning and thought I'd like the cd. I was right. I play it a lot. Almost all of the songs are standards I heard when I was growing up. Excellent cd.
0307120007|5.0|This was one of my favorite books when I was a child. I guess it's because of all the fun things to do while your reading it. I'm almost 30 years old and my mom still has my copy from when I was younger. I just purchased it for my 15 month old son this past Christmas. We sit and read/play it together and then put it up when we're done. It's definitely not a book that you can let a little one toss around, but it's still a classic, in my opinion!
B0000DIJO2|5.0|Excellent, excellent, excellent. Non-stop music concert not only features their greatest hits, but many of the songs they wrote for other artists. This concert is packed with bonuses: Celine Dion guest performance, cameo by Olivia Newton-John, a tribute to Andy Gibb and home-movies/photos! Another treat: Barry's gratuitous memento to a fan!
B000A6T262|5.0|In purchasing this complete movie collection of all the Star Trek films, to date, like was like having a Trek-Fest in my own home. Hours of unbelievable, classic Trek films, deleted scenes, making of's, interviews. A true Trek Geek's dream! If you have a weekend coming up and love Roddenbury's work, get snowed in with the collection and enjoy yourself!
B000W07EKW|5.0|This was a great purchase for my husband. The whole family got to enjoy the movies and spending time with each other.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|What a cute movie!  So worth the price of the video.  My daughter and I rewatch this one so much that we already know the next lines!
B000R8YC1I|5.0|Great movie which I consider a classic.  The story of good and evil that can't live without each other.  The graphics or puppetry is not as good as it is in 2008 but it was done well for the time it was made.  The story will keep you entertained.
B000FGGE68|3.0|Being a big Milla Jovovich fan, I was seriously expecting something great from Kurt Wimmer's film \\"Ultraviolet,\\" especially since the two minute teaser trailer showed it had serious promise and potential to knock \\"V For Vendetta\\" out of the water (maybe). I was willing to watch the movie just for her. As I sat there, there were things to complain about before the movie even started. It being Friday, I had to sit in front of several giggling teenage boys laughing at everything (even when the movie started), and a lousy sound system surrounding me. I felt like I was WATCHING TV at home, only on a big screen! The best thing I saw was probably the \\"Silent Hill\\" trailer. Of course when the movie started it showed off with a little comic book montage via Spider-Man style (even the music was reminiscent of Danny Elfman), featuring the many designs of Ultraviolet in the eyes of many artists and then the film opens off with a VERY QUICK narrative of the world now -via Violet disembodied voice- and a \\"Metriod Prime\\" action scene. The narration continues and the movie shoves aside one too many things that would've made this movie more likable.         UV continues to movie at a pace that makes you think, \\"Oh, this is gonna be good,\\" especially with the entrance of Milla's character going through several check points to retrieve a TOP-PRIORITY package she was not to open (reminds me of the first \\"Transporter\\"). From there the original currier of the package arrives and all hell breaks loose for Violet. She quickly proceeds into battle with soldiers that break like glass. Falling prey to curiosity, Violet opens the case and finds a . . . a kid in probably some of the worse CGI I've seen this side of the early 90s. The CGI throughout the film sometimes would show grace, but other times it looked very jerky, unrealistic, and cartoonish. One example being when Jovovich on the motorcycle driving sideways or vertically up the buildings or vehicles. This in theory is somewhat ofa wild, yet interesting idea, but on film it doesn't look persuading enough to get a small clap of the hand. However, the constant change wardrobe, hair and their color was a nice touch. Milla running on the walls with the use of the gavity piece in her belt was cool too. The storyline from there is lost in the action scenes that at times made me smile, but fell short of a full playing deck. Jovovich along with the other actors in this film, felt as though they really didn't put their all into UV, no that I could blame them. The dialogue was horrible. I swear a thirteen-year-old could've done better than this, treated its audience like they had brains and minds to comprehend his story. But alas, Wimmer strews a horrible mixture of stories that never come together to make this film interesting in the least.           For instance, Violet loosing her baby, her marriage, her former life and even the better explanation of hemophagia and what it done to people with the disease would've merited as something good if the writer had taken it seriously enough to delve into. I laughed when Milla whooped the men in the graveyard scene in their hair (shameful), the lobby scene was remicenist of the first Matrix only there was no shoot out you could see. Then the relationship between herself and Garth is unexplained not to mention pointless. Another laughable scene is after the disappointing seven hundred plus men, Six and Violet are at the playground laughing like everything is peachy. I felt as though I were watching a promo for the MTV movie awards, it was that bad. I think they tired far too much to make us feel or force Violet's loss which was never properly shown and her would be maternal connection with \\"Six.\\" Cameron Bright was a poor choice of child actor to use for this \\"Six\\" character anyway. The editing of the film is even worse, the fight scenes were visible but they always fell short of impressive; You never got see Violet chopping up the soldiers you just heard it. The movie itself moved too quickly and was far to short. But in this case it was probably a blessing in disguise; I seriously wanted to get up and walk away from this movie but remained steadfast in my shaken resolve and continued watching.           Ultraviolet is completely bloodless and if there was blood shown, it was only the hands and even then it wasn't satisfying. The swordplay seriously had be reconsidering what I said about \\"King Arthur\\" entirely. Compared to this movie, King Arthur is a four star gem in my book, at least they were trying! Jovovich looked as though every time she slashed at a man she was hitting him with the dull side of the prop sword. No blood whatsoever! And the villain Daxus was just unconvincing, far too underplayed in a parody sense to take him seriously, the clean freak. To my dismay, Ultraviolet was simply set up for action scenes, the best of them all shown in the trailer were at the beginning of the movie. It unveiled itself just like a comic book would, only while this could be forgiven in a comic book MOST of the time, this is a LIVE-ACTION film based on an unknown comic, not a moving pictures film that they sell on AMAZON.COM (I.E, Ultimate Avengers vol. 1 DVD). Unforgivable! All in all \\"Ultraviolet\\" is a sorely disappointing science fiction movie that key elements to make a great story but fell prey to its own sword and fell on it. Now I know what my mother meant by \\"wanting to \\"Get Carter\\" for making such a bad movie.\\" Good thing I only spent $20 dollars on it, but even that feels like too much. ------- [a 3 out of 5]
B000TLTUL0|4.0|Just your basic musical comedy slasher flick. With Sondheim's music, it's got to be good. Sondheim also did [[ASIN:0792844815 A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum]], a favorite of mine for close to forty years now.<br /><br />Among its many appeals, Johnny Depp sings - and so does Alan Rickman. And they do it well, too, or at least well enough for some good, gory entertainment. Oh, Jayne Wisener (as Johanna) outsings them by a fair bit, but that's OK. I wasn't looking for a Pavarotti, I was looking for vengefully deranged homocidal maniacs and sadistic libertines, which I found. The singing was extra. Heck, even young Ed Sanders (Toby) did a more than passable job with the score.<br /><br />Tim Burton's steampunk vision worked perfectly in this neo-Victorian grungescape. The excreting smokestacks and gray tones set the perfect background for Depp's razormania. All the pieces came together in a delightfully bizarre celebration of the macabre. If you're not the squeamish sort, it's a bloody good movie.<br /><br />-- wiredweird,  reviewing the theatrical release
B000VAPZM2|3.0|Personally I do not think it is as good as the first one. The story is forced, Characters do not have as much personallity and only a few songs are really good. But the bottom line is that my kids watch it 5 times a day, everyday since christmas. So it has to have something good. It is something I do not have any problem letting them watch.
0143038419|5.0|This book is simply one of the best I have read in a long time. I was given this book as a gift for Christmas and I wasn't sure it was my type of read.  Immediately I could identify with the Liz early in the piece on the bathroom floor at 3am and I felt I was there with her travelling first in Italy loving the food and the language, the people.  The stillness of the Ashram in India and then onto Bali, I could see the faces of the characters cleary in my head and they came to warm my heart.  What was an unexcpected greatness was this book left me feeling blessed, thankful and very peaceful, I didn't want this book to end.  I can't wait to share this with my friends!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I bought two Planet Earths for Xmas presents.  Both families, children as well as adults, really loved the DVD's.  If you want to watch a DVD that will interest both adults, young adults, and children, then you should purchase Planet Earth.
B000HT3PPG|5.0|There have been other versions made of this movie, but I will always love this first version as it's the one I grew up with.  This is a classic Christmas movie that I will watch year after year.
B000VWYJ8G|5.0|I have seen all 3 of the Bourne movies and each one is better than the last.  This movie is the best of all 3.  I would recommend starting from the beginning and engine with the Ultimatum.  Action packed...Exciting from start to finish.
B000NVIGC0|5.0|Fantastic coordination of musical themes with the melding of old school southern rock and alternative....LOVED IT!!!
B000MRAAJM|5.0|I bought this on amazon as sort of a test drive for my PS3 and Toshiba Regza (720p), to see if they would play nicely. Between the frollicking polar bears and the creatures of the deep, though, my jaw dropped.  I bought it as a sort of screen saver, to add to the ambience of my bedroom. Not only did it do that, this series took me to places I'd never even imagined.  A suberb documentary, with colors as vivid and alive as the world filmed in it.  Good buy!
B00006I53S|5.0|I bought this lens mainly because of its image stabilizer feature.  I have a new born baby and need to take a lot of pictures indoor without using flash.  I'm amazed how well the image stabilizer works.  A few days ago I took a picture of my baby when the room was rather dark (5am in the morning, with all window shades closed).  Even when I set my camera to ISO 1600 the shutter speed is still at 0.5\\".  My baby looked cute at that moment so I took the picture anyway, without using tripod or flash.  I was very surprised the picture was still very clear.<br /><br />Also, this lens has good zoom range so I don't need to change lens that often.<br /><br />I'm sure there are some better lens available, but they are a lot more expensive.
B000VWYJ86|5.0|If you liked the first two movies, you'll love this one.  More of the same high-adrenaline action, yet further developed characters and resolutions to the plot which began in \\"...Identity\\".  Well worth the price of admission.
0321525655|5.0|Not only is Garr Reynold's Presentation Zen \\"required reading\\" for presenters, Garr and New Riders have teamed up to reaffirm the fact that quality still matters in book publishing today. For little more than the cost of a quickly outdated, prosaically-produced black and white, \\"rehashed-content\\" book, Presentation Zen delivers a memorable and impeccably-produced visual treat.    Presentation Zen does more than live up to its subtitle, \\"Simple Ideas on Presentation Design and Delivery.\\" A series of essays and visual images, Presentation Zen delivers a new perspective and set of tools for presentation success. In simple language, and with numerous examples, translates ageless Far Eastern teachings into lessons that belong in today's conference rooms and on webinar screens.     The book succeeds because the content and layout practice what it preaches; focus, simplicity, and relevant visuals. It's a provocative book that calms the senses while engaging, teaching, and inspiring. Numerous before and after examples drive home its lessons, and there are links to numerous online examples of successful presentations to further explore.     Presentation Zen could easily have been an intellectual digression or novelty; instead it is a handbook with a well-organized perspective and specific tips any presenter, new or experienced, can learn from and apply.
1401300529|4.0|I purchased this book for my dad for Christmas in 07. I was interested in the subject, so as I was gift-wrapping it I opened it up to read a snippet. Three chapters later I decide I'll have to borrow it after my dad is finished! It's incredibly well written and absorbing. Truly a great narrative of the Korean War.
630471193X|4.0|\\"Forest Gump\\" and \\"Powder\\" greet each other very warmly in a movie that stars John Travolta as a man who plays a combination of the two other mentioned fictional characters.  This was a very tender and moving film that is well acted and is not the usual role that we are used to seeing Travolta star in.  Although I really enjoyed this film, I have always found the ending in wanting, and, quite frankly, disappointing.  With all the genius that Travolta developed, you would think that he would have been able to build a device that could heal his condition.      Despite the disappointing ending, this is a film that can still be enjoyed due to the marvelous performances of Travolta, Duvall, and Sedgewick, as well as the peaceful setting of the sleepy small town in   which the film takes place.
B000001E3V|5.0|This CD is very difficult to find in stores.  I found in it in just a few clicks on Amazon!  Great service!
B000QUUD60|5.0|I loved this 2 disc dvd set! He has such command in the rehearsal session and on stage.  The \\"4 microphone\\" bit showed his sense of humor and he was in his prime. His voice is so smooth and sexy, and I'm so happy I can watch him whenver I want.  Sit back and enjoy a truly GREAT entertainer and human being on stage and in the studio.  This along with the 68 Comeback Special and the Aloha concert are 3 essential purchases for all Elvis fans.
B0007PLLQ0|5.0|This movie came in the mail very fast! I was extremely pleased!! This is an older movie, yet we got it as a NEW DVD. However it was a Christmas gift for my husband, it was his favorite as a kid!
B000Y7U98C|5.0|This movie was outstanding! it was slow to start but it was so Visually stunning that I never took my eyes off it. I did have one big problem with some of the people. To be earth last hope and the best we had for the job they certainly became stupid fast. To use a movie line, \\"The needs of the many out weight the needs of the few.\\" No way do I buy that the smartest people in the world would take a chance the last chance there was to ave the world and blow it because they felt the need to rescue a few people. Yeah they justified it by saying they needed the other package but the underline thee was to save the crew from the other ship. So that was my biggest problem with this movie. So that being said the picture redeemed itself in the last half, with suspense and action! I enjoyed it tremendously! And yes as others have said the ending will blow you away!
B0007GAEGC|5.0|These are wonderful women to listen to.  Their voices are strong and beautiful, and they sound best when they are all put together.
B00020HEL6|5.0|I bought this for my husband for Christmas and think that it went down very well ! Firstly, he couldn't believe that she is so young. He loved the style and arrangement, not conventional / tradtional jazz, he is a Diana Krall and Eva Cassidy fan, but he just thought this was fantastic. It was a first buy for this performer, but I would definitely buy another one. I couldn't find the CD in the UK, so had to buy it from the States, but what a hidden gem she is. A 10/10 AAAA +++++ score !   Top Banana........................................
1400032717|5.0|I am unhappy about some people's reviews on this book - even the praise. They keep relating to Christofer as an autisitc patient. Autism is of various kinds. Please correct your perspective and be accurate. This book is quite accurate in protraying one kind and is not a bible on autism. Actually, I do not consider Asperger's = Autism. The two are way different - take a walk with me, inside my head!    If you think everyone is speacial and different, and that cuts and bruises are different from each other, then please see autism and asperger's as differently. This book is about a boy with asperger's, not with autism. If you eat a lemon hoping to taste orange, you may be disappointed and may even complain that \\"the orange is not right\\"!    Just like the skin gets cut and blood comes out - both - in a cut and a bruise, so is the brain disfunction in both autism and asperger's. I believe that the symptom for both are remarkably different, the family support needed is different and the treatment is also different.    Just because they are (both) characterized under autism (umbrella), does not make this - a book about autism. It is a wonderfully close impression of what goes in my head when I am faced with similar incidents (not just the incident of the dog but many other minor incidents too). Kudos to the author to have seen so deep into a brain incapable of expressing what is different in his head as against other's heads.    Inability to read emotions of other people and to share those feelings has a great analogy. We are to you what men are to women, when it comes to failure in a sexual courtship.    Sorry for wasting your time...!
B00007JRI6|4.0|Crazy In Love is hot, Baby Boy is cool, Signs is great, Speechless is one of the best modern contemporary ballads B has ever done, Dangerously In Love 2 is better than the original, grew on me and is the second best track here, Gift From Virgo is one of the most insightful yet heartfelt interludes I've ever heard and Daddy and Yes are fantastic. Especially the former.<br /><br />Yes is great though because it's a kiss off and I LOVE kiss-offs, especially by females. Ne-Yo did one too, on his current album, Because Of You named Go On Girl and is easily one of the highlights of the CD and made a great closer.<br /><br />To me, this is a solid album that blends R&B and Pop songs alike. Similar in vein to Brandy's much superior Never Say Never and Tracie Spencer's Tracie album. But Tracie couldn't do it as well.<br /><br />Favorites in order: Speechless, Dangerously In Love 2, Gift From Virgo, Baby Boi, The Closer I Get To You & Signs.<br /><br />\\"C+\\", 3.8 stars (or an 7.6/10).<br /><br />DOWNLOAD:<br />\\"Speechless\\"<br />\\"Dangerously In Love 2\\" &<br />\\"Gift From Virgo\\"
B0001CCXZW|5.0|My daughter loves the Gilmore Girls.  She wanted the complete set for Christmas, but was not disappointed that she only received the first and second seasons.  She has really enjoyed being able to watch each season and not missing out on any episode.  She can't wait to receive the third season.
B0000DET1P|4.0|Crazy In Love is hot, Baby Boy is cool, Signs is great, Speechless is one of the best modern contemporary ballads B has ever done, Dangerously In Love 2 is better than the original, grew on me and is the second best track here, Gift From Virgo is one of the most insightful yet heartfelt interludes I've ever heard and Daddy and Yes are fantastic. Especially the former.<br /><br />Yes is great though because it's a kiss off and I LOVE kiss-offs, especially by females. Ne-Yo did one too, on his current album, Because Of You named Go On Girl and is easily one of the highlights of the CD and made a great closer.<br /><br />To me, this is a solid album that blends R&B and Pop songs alike. Similar in vein to Brandy's much superior Never Say Never and Tracie Spencer's Tracie album. But Tracie couldn't do it as well.<br /><br />Favorites in order: Speechless, Dangerously In Love 2, Gift From Virgo, Baby Boi, The Closer I Get To You & Signs.<br /><br />\\"C+\\", 3.8 stars (or an 7.6/10).<br /><br />DOWNLOAD:<br />\\"Speechless\\"<br />\\"Dangerously In Love 2\\" &<br />\\"Gift From Virgo\\"
B000R7I3LY|5.0|I bought this CD for my sister, and she completly loved. I loved it as well. Great music!
B000MRAAJW|5.0|I bought this for my brother for Christmas as he really wanted it.  Problem is I bought the wrong format, I wanted one for a regular DVD player.  How can I exchange it?[[ASIN:B000MR9D5E Planet Earth - The Complete BBC Series]]
B000P6YNSE|5.0|Bought this product because I missed the entire 3rd season and wanted to catch on before the 4th season starts on January 31st.  Did not know what to expect but after seeing the first 4 episodes, I am completely blown away and definitely hooked again :-). Was not sure after the 2nd season. Now, I can not wait to see the other 19 episodes...
B00004RF97|5.0|LOVE LOVE LOVE this movie! Carey Grant is one of my favorites and this movie has him and a great cast! Very funny and charming.
6302470021|5.0|If you don't think this version of Casino Royale is funny, well, I guess you had to be there / then ...    I was 18 when Casino Royale came out, and thought it was a total \\"hoot.\\" I still think it is a hoot. But for heaven's sake don't try to 1) take it seriously (my step-son's mistake) or 2) expect it to \\"make sense\\" in any linear way. One of the key ideas of the film seems to have been periodically leaving you with a \\"Huh? Did I miss something?\\" Remember this was originally billed as \\"pychodelic cinima.\\"    The wonderful world of 1967 meets 007 with tongue firmly planted in cheek. Definitely too much going on to catch it all on one viewing. Possibly the ultimate send-up of \\"Bond, James Bond\\" as well as era's other \\"serious\\" spy movies and TV shows. The only reason for the \\"possibly\\" is the \\"Our Man Flint\\" series.    All-in-all, a very \\"60s\\" film.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|I wont write a review for the content, as the series speaks for itself. However, I would like to point out that had I purchased this set locally I would have spent about $80 more!
0385339100|2.0|I like many of John Grisham's novels, but some of his later books don't contain very much excitement or suspense.  THE PARTNER, Grisham's eighth novel, is a pretty good example of this trend.<br /><br />THE PARTNER begins with an intriguing concept of a lawyer faking his own death, and absconding with $90 million.  Unfortunately, Grisham begins the novel with the lawyer being caught by the authorities; the remainder of the novel is devoted to him explaining how he pulled off his elaborate scheme.<br /><br />This novel contains very few edge-of-your seat moments.  Instead, the reader must wade through a great deal of boring, expository dialogue.  There are many scenes in this book of lawyers talking and negotiating with each other, and very few of them are dramatic or even interesting.  I found most of the plot twists quite predictable, except for the very last one, which comes out of nowhere and is not particularly believable or satisfying.<br /><br />This novel is readable, but this is subpar Grisham, and not worth your valuable reading time unless you're a hardcore fan.  My advice is to read A TIME TO KILL or THE FIRM instead, if you have not already done so.  Those novels represent Grisham at his best, I think.
B000000OY9|4.0|I recon that if this album were recorded with accousting instruments, it would get rave reviews.  I enjoy listening to it, which is more than can be said about what are really his worst albums: Hawks and Doves and that one with Willie Nelson on it from around the same time.
0618680004|5.0|What more can you say about a book that exposes the wizard behind the curtain?
B000VSBX34|5.0|Beatles at their best and funniest.  They aren't the best actors that money can buy, but their Liverpool wit and wisdom comes out loud and clear.  Not many movies of this type makes the audience smile and laugh out loud like this movie.  Extras at the end make this move one that you  can watch over and over and over.
B00102FELM|4.0|This was a great set and feast for Scorpions fans, featuring all their guitarists joining them throughout the night, but after seeing the track list compared to the original webcast, a big star deduction because four songs have been removed: \\"Dark Lady,\\" an absolute classic from the Roth era which was in the set between \\"Speedy's Coming\\" and \\"We'll Burn the Sky,\\" and three tracks performed during the encores: \\"He's a Woman, She's a Man\\" (with both Roth and Michael Schenker), \\"In Search of the Piece of Mind\\" (with Roth, M. Schenker and Michael's son Tyson Schenker, and the only track from the Lonesome Crow days) and \\"Dynamite,\\" a killer live number which was the 2nd encore before they came out a final time for \\"Rock You Like a Hurricane.\\" The video does list \\"Bolero\\" in the place where \\"In Search of the Piece of Mind\\" was in the set. Maybe it was an intro to the song.     If anyone has any official reason for the removal of these, please share! I doubt it was due to lack of space, but if it was, a few of the lesser-known tracks like \\"Love 'em or Leave 'em\\" or \\"Don't Believe Her\\"--not to mention the drum solo--could have been dropped in favor of these omitted Scorps classics.
B000YENUIQ|1.0|In fact the Cronenbergs new work is just amazing. Actually, hes one of the most important filmakers ever.  Mortessen perform a incredible, perfect work. I guess I was clear, the movie is great.    The BIG problem here is that this combo edition (HD DVD & standard DVD) deliver a horrible idea: discrimination.  Can you believe that the standard DVD has spanish subtitles and the High definition (on the other side) HAS NOT?  I think its time to listen some person from Focus who explain if this company think that the population who speaks spanish hasnt the sources or the gift to enjoy High defnition. Probabily they think we are dumbs, and watch in standard definition is the same thing to watch HD. And without the capacity to value HD.   Incredible.
B000PKG7I4|5.0|This album was just as good as the last one!I'm sooo glad i got it.
B000K4WLXA|5.0|My husband is a Final Fantasy fanatic so he LOVES this.  The box & contents are really high quality (which is not common, even in limited editions!).  The postcards are very good quality printing and my husband said that the content on the DVDs is great.
6303122647|5.0|This VHS tape is one that is not readily located.  As a result, I was quite pleased to find it on Amazon at a fair price.  I have purchased items from this Amazon supplier previously and have always had positive experiences.
0307387178|4.0|I saw Sean Penn's excellent movie adaptation of this book first.  By comparison, the book contains more information, particularly around background and context, which I found very valuable.  However, its drier tone - and the avoidance of too much creative license - means that the powerful (and, some would suggest, overly romanticized) atmosphere created in the movie was not nearly as prominent in the book.  Nevertheless, I found this a thoroughly engaging read - and one that added to my enjoyment of the movie.
B00006CXSS|5.0|First off this is a great movie series.  The way this is packaged makes it great for people who like to collect movies.  If you haven't seen it before and are thinking about it, get it, you will love it.
B000I0QK74|5.0|The mellow sounds of James Taylor and the classic songs of Christmas, what could be better?
B000F0UUIM|5.0|John Ford's THE SEARCHERS is by far one of the best western films ever made. The style of the cinematography is awesome the way it shows the beauty of the the American southwest. Buy this movie, you will not be disappointed.
B0006GQMC8|5.0|This is a great movie with Lee Marvin & Charles Bronson at their best.  Arrived in good shape and in a timely manner
B000W4HIX6|4.0|Just about everyone knows the Die Hard movie, it's one of the all time classic American action movies, so I'm not going to waste time reviewing the movie, I'd rather talk about the Blu-Ray transfer quality of this film.<br /><br />First off, just for reference, my Blu-Ray player is a Playstation 3, and I had no trouble at all playing the movie on it.  The film quality of the movie is very very good.  A bit grainy at times, and sometimes there seems to be slight distortion at the edges of the film, but these truely are minor and only occur a few times (and if you're not looking for them, then you probably wouldn't notice at all.  Kinda the differece between what I see in a movie vs. my wife, I'm much pickier than she is), and I'm sure they are due to the fact that this is a 1988 film!<br /><br />Audio quality is excellent, but I was hoping for a little stronger punches from the low end (I like to make my subwoofer work!).  I was hoping the dramatic scene when John throws the C-4 down the elevator shaft would have shaken the house, but it never quite delivers.  It's excellent, but not outstanding.<br /><br />However, play the movie on original DVD, then play it on Blu-Ray, and it is truely a quality upgrade!  If you're a fan of the movie and have a BR player, I would highly recommend this purchase.
0060507772|4.0|It was given as a gift to my son and he was thrilled to have his own copy. My husband and 2 sons love the Discworld Series and it gives them lots to talk about.
B000VAPZM2|5.0|My kids are crazy about HSM and HSM2.  They can watch it over and over.  Added song is very cute and funny.
B000ICL3KG|5.0|If you haven't seen this movie, get it and watch it.  The people that are in denial about global warming and claim Al Gore doesn't know what he's talking about are just proclaiming their own ignorance or have some kind of agenda I can't follow.  Watch this movie!!
0440238609|1.0|The plot was extremely slow to develop. The author seemed particularly reticent to explain dramatic events in the narrative. I was bored even before the adventure began.
B00000G3AZ|5.0|I am a huge fan of Jane Austen, and this movie is really well done. It goes on my \\"rescue from fire\\" list.
B000UVT3OI|5.0|I love Garth Brooks, it is so nice to have all of the old hits (along with some new ones) all on the same CD.  The only wierd thing is on the second CD there is a bonus track #19, but there are two tracks for more songs, #17 and #18 but they are blank.   Its just a little wierd.  But that doesn't change my opinion of the CDs. Awesome work!!!!and he is gorgeous!
B000TLTUL0|1.0|For me anyway, words can hardly express how bad this film is.  It is completely worthless.  This felt like something a child would do if he had fifty million dollars.  And for some reason I actually paid to see it.<br /><br />Had no idea going in of course - Tim Burton, Johnny Depp - can't miss, right?  This movie has no redeeming value whatsoever.  And the fact that there are so many people that seem to think it's something is perhaps the most confusing part of all.<br /><br />The most extraordinary part about this is that movies like Big Fish and Edward Scissorhands are without question some of the best films we've ever been lucky enough to be blessed with.  Masterpieces.  True art.  How can the same guy make both the best movie you've ever seen and the worst?  I don't understand.<br /><br />Anyway, don't bother on this one.  If you're like me you've found that people will take enough of their problems out on you in your day to day life, let alone in a movie theater where theoretically one would expect to find some respite from that.  I don't know what else to say except that I was left with the enormous feeling of \\"don't take it out on me\\".
B000YIGNKE|2.0|Another Masterpiece Theatre production where I ended up thinking, \\"huh?\\"  (I felt the same way about \\"Woman in White\\").  And I just saw an excellent MT adaptation of Jane Eyre so I'm amazed at how bad this production was.  The lead actors--Rupert Penry Jones and Sally Hawkins-- had no chemistry and I didn't believe they had been pining for each other for the last eight years.  The camera angles were annoying and I hated the way Anne would speak directly to the camera--it was too campy and out of place.  And I didn't like this Anne nearly as much as Amanda Root's potrayal--in the 1995 production Anne was quiet but smart and strong and dignified, nothing like the Anne in the MT version who seemed silly and weepy and so so weak.  And don't even get me started on the ending and that laughable kiss.  I was glad it was only 90 minutes long.
0553382179|5.0|This book is written in a friendly encouraging matter.  The tips actually work.  Enjoy reading your new (or used) book -- you will see progress!
158270208X|5.0|I was very impressed with the condition of my book---I couldn't tell that it wasn't brand new!
B000W0IEII|5.0|Book was received in very good shape, in a timely manner and at a very good price.  Would definitely shop at Amazon again.
B000Y7U98C|3.0|In terms of positives, Sunshine succeeds in creating powerful feelings regarding the enormity of the mission and the stress of a deep space mission from which return becomes doubtful.  The special effects are top-notch and the music is an excellent compliment.    Where Sunshine falls apart is a common ailment of many ensemble pictures: a loss of balance between the different characters and their plots.  If you enjoyed Cillian Murphy in 28 Days Later and wish to see him again, this is the film for you.  Otherwise, the rest of the cast has moments, just moments to \\"shine\\".
B000MR9D5E|5.0|BBC really out did itself on this series! A fascinating team of scientists and camera men make this the most involved nature/wildlife/geographical/social/climatic that I've ever seen.
B000OVLBGC|5.0|This is a compelling and original film. For almost two decades the plight of East Germany has been neglected in art, overshadowed by the monolitic evil prevalent in pre 1945 Germany. But in reality, the poor citizens of East Germany, partitioned off into the Russian sector after World War II, lived for years under an equally menacing and brutal dictatorship. Ok the Stazi didn't kill as many people as the Nazi's, but as George Orwell said, the most perfect dictatorship doesn't need to kill anyone. The Stazi, informers for the puppet Moscow compliant government of East Germany up until 1989, scrutinized every aspect of citizens' lives, snuffing out any individual liberty and freedom their compatriots in the West enjoyed. Life was pure, dogged, misery for so many people.<br /><br />So this film by Florian Henckel von Donnersmark, his debut, is a welcome addition to the European cinema scene. It is a subtle and thrilling tale, superbly acted and scripted, which portrays the plight of Georg Dreyman, a popular playwright who is a supporter of Communism but sympathetic to dissidents which earns him the suspicion of the regime. Hardline Stazi informer, Gerd Weisler, brilliantly portrayed by Ulrih Muhe, who tragically died of stomach cancer shortly after filming, is dispached to monitor the actions of Dreyman and his actress girlfriend. In a moving story that unfolds along the premise of a saying attributed to Lenin that he couldn't appreciate Beethoven's Appasionata as it made him sympathise with the little people he needed to crush in order to instigate revolution, Weisler finds Dreyman's world of culture, art and music a warm and humane antidote to his own solitary life in a tower block where his only solace comes from visits by a elephantine thighed Stazi commissioned hooker.<br /><br />After a composer friend of Dreyman commits suicide, Dreyman breaks ranks with the regime and writes a piece using a smuggled typewriter (all East German computers were registered) on suicide rates in East Germany. Suspicions amongst the police grow, and Weisler finds himself under pressure to close the net in on Dreyman and his girlfriend.<br /><br />The denoument is tragic, followed by a heartfelt epilogue which takes the time frame beyond the falling of the Berlin wall, and redemption for the hardline Weisler. The closing lines are a beautiful cinematic Haiku (though only appreciated in the original German).<br /><br />The film is beautifully terse with the bleakness of East Germany brought out with realistic browns and subtle greys, period details that give a good indication of the privations of life beyond the Iron curtain.<br /><br />The film is not flawless - not a single joke (I know it's a serious film, but even Macbeth has the Porters' scene) and a rather overblown score slightly chip the poise and balance of the movie.<br /><br />For a greater understanding of the movie's context in historical and cinematic terms, I urge people to read Timothy Garton Ash's brilliant review in the New York Review of Books, you can easily find it via google.ast Germany. Suspicions amongst the police grow, and Weisler finds himself under pressure to close the net in on Dreyman and his girlfriend.     The denoument is tragic, followed by a heartfelt epilogue which takes the time frame beyond the falling of the Berlin wall, and redemption for the hardline Weisler. The closing lines are a beautiful cinematic Haiku (though only appreciated in the original German).     The film is beautifully terse with the bleakness of East Germany brought out with realistic browns and subtle greys, period details that give a good indication of the privations of life beyond the Iron curtain.    The film is not flawless - not a single joke (I know it's a serious film, but even Macbeth has the Porters' scene) and a rather overblown score slightly chip the poise and balance of the movie.     For a greater understanding of the movie's context in historical and cinematic terms, I urge people to read Timothy Garton Ash's brilliant review in the New York Review of Books, you can easily find it via google.
B0001US8FI|5.0|While there have been some classics since this 1973 film such as Bloodsport (Van Damne), Hard To Kill (Steven Seagal), Best Of The Best (James Earl Jones), The Perfect Weapon (Jeff Speakman), Rumble In The Bronx (Jackie Chan) and Eye For An Eye (Chuck Norris), none have touched this legendary piece by the late Bruce Lee and the late Robert Clause.    The plot is very basic. Bruce plays a highly skilled and spiritual martial artist who goes to the tournament of Han to avenge his sisters death and resort honor to the Shaolin Temple which Han betrayed years earler.    Along the way, he meets Ropert (John Saxon) and Williams (Jim Kelly). The three end up in a web of intrigue and danger as they must fight for their own lives and bring down Han's criminal network. Also stars Ahni Capri and Bolo Yueng (the villian from Bloodsport and Double Impact).    Extras include an A & E special showing the lost footage from \\"The Game Of Death\\" in the way that Bruce originally meant it to be shown! It also has another bio narrated by George Takei with interviews from Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, James Colburn, Danny Inasoto and Linda Lee Caldwell (Bruce's widow) among others. It also has two features focusing strictly on ETD and a very touching introduction from Mrs. Caldwell. It also has a rare interview with Bruce in which he ends it with one of his legendary quotes.....\\"Be water my friend.\\"    Overall, this is probably the best package for Enter The Dragon that has been released and probably ever will be released! As one reviewer said earlier, this is a must have! NO! This should be required viewing for anyone that calls himself a martial arts fan! Sorry to sound like a mark but this film is what a martial arts movie should be like! I would also recommend Bruce Lee's other films The Big Boss (Fist Of Fury), Fist Of Fury (Chinese Connection), Way Of The Dragon (Return Of The Dragon) and even Game Of Death though it is nothing like what Bruce wanted for the film.     Anyway, this movie is highly recommended!
0143038419|5.0|This is a fantastic book--filled with wonderful images, humorous adventures, warmth. I could not put it down. There is something to think about on every page. I grew to like the author so much that, in the week it took me to finish this book, I felt like she and I had become buddies and I actually miss her now that the book is complete! I've even bought two additional copies that I gave to my best friends--just so that, together, we could share our thoughts and feelings as we read. I can't wait until her next book!
1580176941|5.0|The photos are great - and the sugar cookie recipe is excellent. The photos are inspirational. My only complaint - I wish the authors had given more ideas for round shapes, and ideas for squares, ovals and rectangles. Perhaps book 2, or a website?
B000Y7U98W|4.0|This review is for the Blu-Ray version.  While we are flooded with sci-fi movies of all types these days this movie takes from some of the best of the genre and makes it all feel original.    This movie has the feel of Alien, Solaris, 2001 Space Odyssey.  But while it may borrow many of the same feelings the movie does branch off into some very original looks. The look of the sets, the ship, the suits and the ship  and many of the other details are very interesting from a technology perspective.  While obviously you can't take flying some type of ship into the sun literally it makes for an interesting idea.  The sound engineering is great the soundtrack and effects are top notch.      After seeing the DVD and Blu-Ray side by side there is the obvious low sharpness and compression on the DVD version. The HD version is very sharp and black levels are handled very well.  It is also nice to have a DTSHD track on the BluRay.    This movie has some great low frequency effects, along with superb use of the surround channels.  This movie is best enjoyed with a well configured sound system and large screen to enjoy the full feeling. This movie was made to be seen big and I could see how it would loose some the effect on a smaller setup.    Point being this is a perfect must have HD title to own.    This is also one of the first BD 1.1 spec disks with PIP.  The PIP is just what it sounds like, you get a picture in picture box pop up on the screen during the movie. There are some other features too but nothing amazing.    The movie has its flaws with acting, character development and depth, but this movie is a visual feast and if you allow yourself to get sucked in the idea of the movie will hook you quickly. Side bonus? No overtly Hollywood ending or ridiculous love story.
B000UX6THK|5.0|i had the vhs version and i watched it several times. the dvd is alot better as far as quality and the special features are great in this set as well. i highly recommend this and if you're already a twin peaks fan its a necessity.
1840220554|5.0|This book has been great to have the completed works of Jane Austen.  The price is good, and the ability to have all the works right at your finger tips in one volumn is wonderful to have.  Makes school a lot easier for the kids.
1878424319|4.0|Reading this book is like sitting down with a wise old guru and listening to him for a few hours just taking in his wisdom. The language is simple but accurate. While a lot of what he's telling us is common sense, it's a lot of common sense in one little book and it deals you with a blow of profound truth. I enjoyed reading it and as soon as I finished it, I started over again in case I missed something. It helps to refer to it every once and a while so I keep it handy. One thing I might change about the book is to offer a few more examples of how the agreements can be applied to real life situations. But I have found myself thinking of the agreements and trying to apply them in almost everything I do now.
1552091090|5.0|[[ASIN:1552091090 Love You Forever (Gift Edition)]]  Beautiful rendition of a mothers'love for her child and a childs'love for his mother.  One of my favorite books of all time.  It was recommended to me by a salesperson at a book store in Grass Valley, California. She thought since I had two young sons, we would enjoy it. And we certainly have for many years.  I give this as a gift to new parents of sons.
B000002UR7|2.0|Comparing this s**t to any of Radiohead later albums is a physical impossiblity, and it's crazy to think that they were made by the same people.  While it's not the worst album ever or anything, Pablo Honey is pretty damn bad in just about every aspect.  The production is terrible, the lyrics are nothing special, the guitar (except on \\"Creep\\") sounds exactly like every other watered-down, mainstream band's guitar, and even Thom Yorke's voice sounds very different, and a billion times worse.  \\"Creep\\" is the only song on the entire album that I would settle to say is good, but its not great.  My advice to you, whether you love Radiohead, hate them, think they're okay, or have never heard them before is to buy anyone of their albums other than this.  If you're really that curious to find out what this junk sounds like, download it, don't buy it.
B000VAPZM2|5.0|[[ASIN:B000VAPZM2 High School Musical 2 (Extended Edition)]]  I gave this as a collective gift to my 4 granddaughters for Christmas.  They were thrilled. They watch it over-and-over again.  I see it as their version of my all time favorite musical when I was a teenager which was \\"Grease\\".
B000VDDDVO|5.0|I bought this DVD set to play on our new Sony 52\\" LCD TV with an upconverting DVD player. I only watched the color version and I don't know if it was the quality of the DVD or the TV and DVD player, but this was unbelievably good. I've been watching this movie every Christmas for over 20 years, but the quality of the picture was so good, I felt like I've never really seen the movie before.
B000VAPZM2|4.0|My 6 1/2 year old granddaughter loves High School Musical 2 movie!  (Some kids say the first one was better).  She also has the karaoke disc for songs from HS Musical 2 and sings loudly with them.  She will have all of the songs memorized!
B0000DZTIW|5.0|This is my favorite work of Hans Zimmer.  Very rarely do I find any soundtrack as emotional and dramatic as this.  I remember watching the movie, and the scenes that impacted me the most were part with the powerful music.  Highly recommended!
B000NDIAWY|5.0|This CD contains excellent music by a young musician. Brandi is a master wordsmith and her songs evoke powerful personal recognition.  I am eagerly awaiting her next CD.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I bought the video for my 12 y.o. son to give to his best friend as a Christmas gift. Both boys are anime fiends. I think he'll love the movie.
B000AA4M9U|5.0|B.B. King recorded this CD when he was 80 years old and he continues to set the pace for every other blues player in the world.  There is only ONE King of the Blues . . . and that is B.B..<br /><br />El Guapo
B000YMBBH0|5.0|The is a great value and action filled 3 HD DVD package. The true high def feature is great on Sony 52\\" XBR5 1080P while watching with a Toshiba HD-XA2 player. The sound was unbelievable as well through a yamaha RX-V3800 On Bose Acoustimass 16 system 6.1 Sound. I totally back this package and is so much better sound and video than regular DVD. [[ASIN:B000YMBBH0 The Bourne Trilogy (The Bourne Identity / The Bourne Supremacy / The Bourne Ultimatum) [HD DVD] - Amazon.com Exclusive]]
1594489505|5.0|This a a wonderful book, beautifully written by Khaled Hosseini.  He gives such a vivid picture of how real life is lived by ordinary citizens in Iran and Afghanstan.  For anyone who has read The Kite Runner, this a must read.
B000TLTUL0|4.0|To place the whole of Sweeney Todd on film would probably have produced a four hour plus movie that no one one--or, better--only the most ardent Sondheim fan would sit through. Having said that, however, it's sad that so much of the score had to be jettisoned. I refer mainly to the son \\"Kiss Me,\\" a number that blended with the beadle's \\"Ladies in Their Sensitivities\\" to create a wonderful quartet. Too, all of the choral sections are gone, leaving the number during which Mrs. Lovett sells her pies sounding half done. One commentator on the operas of Richard Wagner noted that when huge chunks of material are eliminated from that master's 5 hour plus works, the result simply sound like a longer work that has been cut, proportion is gone and musical moments lose context. Something of that happens to \\"Sweeney Todd.\\" Certain numbers, the beadle's song noted above and Pirelli's solo sound incomplete and over before they have a chance to register. Friends who were not familiar with the show and with whom I attended a screening commented that they felt that the movie did not emotionally engage them. I suspect that these cuts contributed to this feeling.     While I found most of the cast, including Johnny Depp, able to convey the spirit of the score, Helen Bonham Carter simply was out of her depth. Aside from the fact that there was not a lot to her characterization, it was just plain difficult to understand her. Thus, many of the lyrics of \\"Priest\\" were not understood by those who went with me, leaving them bewildered by what was going on. I understand that Angela Landsbury's over the top performance would be out of place in Burton's atmosphere but I kept longing for some of her zany spirit to surface somwhere during the proceedings,if only during \\"The Worst Pies in London,\\" a song that simply is beyond Carter's abilities to perform.     Even with the flaws noted above, \\"Sweeney Todd\\" remains a remarkable accomplishment and a film that preserves much of what makes Sondheims's work the masterpiece that it is. Nevertheless, I recommend that should you purchase this DVD, take along the Landsbury/Hearne performance that is also available.
B00006CXSS|5.0|Battle of the bulge is really what the movie depics.. Great special effects..I love war moviesand with 5 dvd's that's almost 10hours of viewing...Thanks amazon
B00023BLXK|5.0|Very fast delivery despite Christmas rush.  Thank you Amazon for always being there for me.
B000P6YNSE|5.0|Season 3 was just as good if not better than the first two seasons.  I loved every minute of it.  As always, the show kept me hooked until the very end.  Simply awesome!
B000UNYJXQ|4.0|\\"Sicko\\" defines but a small portion of issues ingrained within Kaiser Permanente; the largest civilian HMO. This important film describes Kaiser's self-interested approach to healthcare in this country. Viewers are given a small window into that world, but allowed to see a facet of it deserving far greater expose'. Accolades to Mr. Moore's brave attempt to enlighten America to an issue long clouded with rhetoric and financial influence.
B00005JLWN|5.0|I love this movie!!  I got it in plenty of time for Christmas and in perfect condition.
B00005LOLD|5.0|What a superb cast! Great sets, cinematography, outstanding musical score, superb message! A film to be archived as a window into our culture and theirs. The smug policies of early occupation days is clearly demonstrated here. The absolute beauty of Japan and it's women is clearly seen. This film makes you want to jump into the screen and feel what Marlon Brando must have felt in the arms of his darling love. Red Buttons was so good in this film that there's no wonder how he got the Oscar! My only complaint would be a Hispanic man (Richardo) playing a Japanese kibuke dancer. That silly error detracts from the rest of this wonderful film. Remember \\"The Courtship of Eddy's Father?\\" look for his irresistable housekeeper in an Oscar nominated role here. She recently passed into Gods hands. Bless you forever Miss Miyoshi Umeki!!!!
B00078XGRO|5.0|The movie was great! My favorite and I've been waiting to buy it for years. It met all expectations.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Spectacular photography of difficult subjects! What a beautiful earth we have! Now we must protect it.
0307387151|5.0|This book is in effect, four books in one. The first book describes the \\"crime\\". Briony Tallis, a play writing 13 year old, accuses Robbie Turner, the family gardener and lover of her sister Celia, when her young cousin is raped. On Briony's testimony Robbie is jailed. The second book jumps five years past the crime to focus on Robbie, now freed and part of the British Army that was cornered and eventually evacuated by a fleet of small boats at Dunkirk during the early days of WWII.  In the third book, Briony becomes a nurse to help the war effort. Grown up, she tries to come to terms with what she has done and makes amends with her sister and Robbie. In the fourth book, Briony is an elderly novelist, revisiting her past.<br /><br />The second book is the most gripping of the four books in Atonement. I suspect that has a lot to do with the fact that Briony isn't around in book two. Atonement is a great story suffering under the weight of a sanctimonious main character. Briony as a 13 year old is a precocious brat. Briony as a nurse is boring. It's in her character to put herself through being a nurse during war time, but is it because she wants to make up for what she's done or because she's just engaging in more of the drama she's so attracted to? Most disappointing is the atonement itself. The scene where she apologizes to Celia and Robbie is flat. (You'll do this and You'll do that. Fine. Fine.) Briony \\"atones\\" but Ian McEwan fails to reestablish any love or connection between the characters.<br /><br />The prose in Atonement is excellent, but it's hard to read a story about someone you don't like. Briony's character is more like the girl in The Bad Seed rather than a hero. She seems to get away with everything while Robbie and Celia pay the ultimate sacrafice. Briony isn't portrayed with enough depth for readers to empathize with the guilt she is supposed to be suffering from. Can a self absorbed drama queen ever really leave her own mind long enough to empathize with someone else? Probably not. The fact that Briony becomes a novelist after the war emphasizes my point. If she was atoning for her sins, wouldn't she keep changing bed pans for life and give up her writing? Her \\"sacrafice\\" ends when her sister and Robbie are dead which seems to say that she wasn't carrying the burden of her sin within herself. Becoming a successful novelist isn't much of an atonement for ruining the lives of two people.lse? Probably not. The fact that Briony becomes a novelist after the war emphasizes my point. If she was atoning for her sins, wouldn't she keep changing bed pans for life and give up her writing? Her \\"sacrafice\\" ends when her sister and Robbie are dead which seems to say that she wasn't carrying the burden of her sin within herself. Becoming a successful novelist isn't much of an atonement for ruining the lives of two people.
B000YA82F6|5.0|After taking three pregnancy tests, sixteen year old Juno MacGuff (Page) accepts that she is indeed pregnant.  Her and her boyfriend Paulie (Cera) only had sex once, but that is all it took.  After initially considering an abortion, she decides to put the child up for adoption.  Her parents (Simmons, Janney) are supportive, and soon she meets Vanessa (Garner) and Mark (Bateman).  They seem to be ready to adopt, but things are not always as they seem.  Soon, Juno must decide whether to continue down this path or explore other options, but her nine months is almost up.<br /><br />\\"Juno\\" is a smart and engaging film.  The screenplay is solid, telling a good story with humor and drama.  It is smart and provided likeable characters.  Ellen Page is perfect as Juno, a girl with a witty comeback for everything.  The supporting cast, especially Simmons and Janney as Juno's parents are also great.  This is a film that is all around enjoyable that leaves you with a good feeling.  Teen pregnancy is a serious topic and it is handled well.  I highly recommend \\"Juno\\".  You will not be disappointed.
B00005JNJV|2.0|I am a diehard and long-time Batman fan, and waited all my life for someone to make a `serious' Batman film.  Now that someone has done this, I realize I was better off without one.<br /><br />At least, I was better off without this serious Batman film.  `Serious' is the essence of the problem.  The film goes overboard and worse yet, overlong trying to show just how Bruce Wayne got koo-koo enough to dress as bat, trying to convince us that one man could master all known martial arts and detective skills, and trying to convince us that someone could really fight in a bulletproof batsuit , and trying to convince us that a batmobile could really exist.  There is no subtlety, and nothing is left to the imagination.  But this flaw alone would not be fatal.<br /><br />What kills this movie are, in my mind, 5 unpardonable sins:<br /><br />1) Katie Holms is horribly miscast as a `hardnosed' deputy DA and love interest for Bruce Wayne.  She is the very definition of unconvincing in this role.  She comes off more as a barista.  Compared to Katie Holms, Kim Basinger is Meryl Steep and Lee Merriwether is Vivian Liegh.  And there is absolutely zero chemistry with Christian Bale.<br />2) Speaking of Christian Bale: I've seen this guy in other stuff and I had high hopes.  But, while generally competent, I did not find his Batman/Bruce Wayne as nearly compelling as Adam West or even Michael Keaton. Perhaps his acting is too good: perhaps he does not leave enough for the imagination?  West and Keaton both seemed to convey a sense of keeping their cards close to the vest.  Also, why in heaven's name did Nolan let Christian Bale imitate Michael Keaton's rasp when in the Batman drag?  Silly, silly, silly.<br />3) [Spoiler Alert:] It is the height of heresy for Batman to voluntarily reveal his secret identity, even to women he is hot for.  Even when he is trying to sleep with the woman.  Within the context of this movie, it is inconceivable that Bruce Wayne would spend 18 years of single-minded obsession turning himself into the fearsome Batman, only to risk it all just to impress Katie Holms.  She is with the fricken DA's office!  The real Batman would know he could never trust a civil service employee or political appointee with the secret of his true identity!<br />4) The final, cataclysmic battle, rather than being satisfying or cathartic, is yet another silly, over-exaggerated CGI mess.  Just because you can use CGI does not mean you should.  Batman should never emulate Spiderman or Arnold Schwartzenegger.  The climactic sequence, like virtually all modern action movies, is more a Roadrunner/Coyote cartoon than a fight scene.  The idea of a grown man dressing like a bat requires enough suspension of belief: the CGI stuff overloads it.  Adam West and Michael Keaton didn't need CGI.<br />5)  Rubber muscles.  Didn't like them in 1989, hated them in the 1990's. I guess Time/Warner figures that rubber clothing fetishists are a key demographic. Auto-erotic thrills galore. Can't wait for the sequel to see the rubber nipples of the 21st Century!!!<br /><br />Christopher Nolan had all the money in the world to make this movie, and had plenty of time and creative control as well.  These are the reasons for my fierce criticism and low rating of this film.  Although they have inferior special effects, judged as cinema and as pieces of heroic adventure, both the 1966 `Batman, the Movie' and the 1989 `Batman' are far superior to this film.  In the earlier films, the ridiculousness is intentional and drives home a point, whereas `Batman Begins' is often unintentionally ridiculous.rning himself into the fearsome Batman, only to risk it all just to impress Katie Holms.  She is with the fricken DA's office!  The real Batman would know he could never trust a civil service employee or political appointee with the secret of his true identity!  4) The final, cataclysmic battle, rather than being satisfying or cathartic, is yet another silly, over-exaggerated CGI mess.  Just because you can use CGI does not mean you should.  Batman should never emulate Spiderman or Arnold Schwartzenegger.  The climactic sequence, like virtually all modern action movies, is more a Roadrunner/Coyote cartoon than a fight scene.  The idea of a grown man dressing like a bat requires enough suspension of belief: the CGI stuff overloads it.  Adam West and Michael Keaton didn't need CGI.    5)    Rubber muscles.  Didn't like them in 1989, hated them in the 1990's. I guess Time/Warner figures that rubber clothing fetishists are a key demographic. Auto-erotic thrills galore. Can't wait for the sequel to see the rubber nipples of the 21st Century!!!     Christopher Nolan had all the money in the world to make this movie, and had plenty of time and creative control as well.  These are the reasons for my fierce criticism and low rating of this film.  Although they have inferior special effects, judged as cinema and as pieces of heroic adventure, both the 1966 `Batman, the Movie' and the 1989 `Batman' are far superior to this film.  In the earlier films, the ridiculousness is intentional and drives home a point, whereas `Batman Begins' is often unintentionally ridiculous.
B000UR9TQO|2.0|Have they separated the \\"dream sequences\\" from the middle of the songs?<br />If they did, this will become one of the greatest concert films ever.<br />If not, toss it in the trash can as some of the most embarrassing, boring statements ever.<br />#1 kick A$$ band of all times.<br />Having seen Zeppelin in the 70's more then a few times.<br />Also going to see this when it first came out and watching people walk out in groups.<br />Let you all know the original generation of fans were not pleased.<br />Don't let the retrospective pushers make you believe this was the real deal.<br />Even during the \\"midnight\\" showings in the theaters. Most went outside to have a beer, or smoke a joint.<br />Or stay inside and sleep.<br />After all it is Led Zeppelin, and it's true their worst was still better then most everybody else's best.<br />Get the Zeppelin DVD if you want something close to the real deal.
0099771810|2.0|Title of my review says it all.  Not engaging in the least.  Realistic?  Sure.  So realistic it's just as entertaining as watching your friends go through a custody battle.  Yes, it's well written.  But for a book to have value to me I either have to learn something or it has to be be a diversion.  This book fails on both.
B000XA5K48|3.0|What should you expect when you have a movie whose stunt crew is about 3 times the size of the cast? One thing's for sure...you should get a lot of action packed sequences. and Shoot 'Em Up delivers.<br /><br />In fact, it was no surprise to hear that the script was written around a lot of preconceived action [...]. That fact certainly didn't make Shoot 'Em Up a bad movie; it was actually pretty good. But it did come across as a plethora of spectacular stunts that just needed a halfway decent story to get produced as a movie.<br /><br />The stunts are spectacular. They go nicely with the 100% deliberate hokeyness of the film. A black comedy to some...a kind-of comic book/animation come to life to others. The death defying feats are way over the top, but again, it's all intentional on the part of Writer/Director Michael Davis.<br /><br />Clive Owen, who's really made a name for himself lately ([[ASIN:B000BCKFWK Sin City]], [[ASIN:B000N6TX1I Children of Men]], [[ASIN:B000GFLKF8 Inside Man]]), does a fabulous job as leading man in Shoot \\"Em Up. And Paul Giamatti, in his one billionth role I think, is as fun to watch as ever.<br /><br />Owen is the carrot-eating good guy and Giamatti is the bad guy. Owen by chance inserts himself a political conspiracy that is run by Giamatti, and the result is a fast-past, surreal, action-packed...well...Shoot 'Em Up.<br /><br />I was thoroughly entertained, but found myself saying out loud, \\"oh, yeah, right\\" over and over throughout the movie. So if you don't mind a little over the top silliness with your action, Shoot 'Em Up is right up your alley.
B0000AQS6R|5.0|This movie is hilarious! If you love great Chevy Chase this is a must have. It's great for Christmas time or anytime of the year. My son and I quote the movie because we've seen it so many times and it never really gets old. This year i bought it for my dad as a Christmas present and he loves having it.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|Talk about an internal struggle.  How could any one NOT like the character of Dexter?  Therein lies the problem.  Dexter is a serial killer.  And while our morals tell us it's wrong, you can't help but root for him, at least \\"Harry's Code\\" keeps him in check.  Knowing Dexter's thought processes as a viewer, provide valuable insight into this deeply flawed character.  Dexter's subtle facial expressions speaks volumes, we KNOW what he's thinking before he says it!     I was hooked by the end of episode one!, and watched both seasons this past weekend.  (I bought season one on DVD after reading the reviews here, then subscribed to Showtime just to be able to continue the saga.  I had to know what happened next!)    It will be interesting to see Dexter develop in upcoming seasons, and I for one look forward to it!      Long live Plastic Wrap and Industrial Strength Garbage Bags!!
0143038419|4.0|I wouldn't have bought this book but a friend suggested it. She did get on my nerves a little in the first chapters but I really enjoyed her quest for inner peace that she took later in the book. If you don't believe in God or some sort of higher spirituality this is not the book for you. I have recently found Yoga and am very interested in some of the same practices of meditation and prayer that are explored in her travels. Thankfully she grows into a better person from her quest and if you can put up with her selfish ways in the beginning you will grow to like her and her travels.
B000N6TYLW|5.0|Excellent product.  Good value.  Provides hours of entertainment for my 14 year old daughter.
B000000OU0|5.0|I love this CD - I have most of the Eagles CD's and think Hotel California is one of the best ever. However the live versions on this CD are fantastic. Always have and always will love Henley but this CD is worth every cent.
0689835604|5.0|My daughter loves this book and lifting the flaps is very entertaining.  She can then show the items on her own body.
B000H0MKGK|5.0|Being older it is really hard to find talented young artists and I think this kid is here to stay and will continue to make good music.  He plays a great guitar and his music has some emotion to it.
0393330435|1.0|OK, I love Apple and I think it's great that Woz figured this stuff out, but come on. I've never read a book of someone working so hard to appear humble but being so full of himself. Count how many times that he says things like \\"all my (fill in the blank, teacher, parents..) told me that I was brilliant but I was just a normal kid\\". Ok by the 5th time he tells us, I think we get it. You were smart. And there are huge gaps in his life timeline, like 10 years or something. What was he doing? And I'm sorry, but I don't consider him a cultural icon (this is the sub title of book), nor does the book talk about why he thinks he's an icon. Was he a very smart guy who helped advance personal computing? Absolutely. But that was 30 years ago. If he was a bit more humble on telling his story, and was a bit more introspective it could have been a good read. Oh yeah, it's also written at a third grade reading level. Maybe that was the target market for this book. Sorry Woz, I love you man, but this book does the oposite of what I think you were trying to accomplish with it.
B00006JSGQ|5.0|If you are a Dire Straits and/or Mark Knopfler fan you will not be disappointed - I have enjoyed him his whole career and this CD is another winner. I love the title tune - great heart and soul.
B000E1ZK5A|5.0|Many improvements.<br />The side menu is faster compared to other HD DVD's.  For the first time I can appreciate the ocean waves without pixels, the scenes under water are well transfered that barely can notice the faded colors between the clear and dark colors.  Torpedos, deep charge bombs now has better details.
B000V1MMLI|5.0|I love this CD. I'm not a big SOAD fan but this CD is definitely amazing. If you like SOAD at all, you will probably really enjoy this CD. I recommend getting the one with the bonus disc because Empty Walls(acoustic) rules.
B000XNZ7LG|5.0|This HD version is amazing, colors are more vivid compared to normal DVD, now I can appreciate many details without the pixel problem in many smoke scenes.  The HD true sound is 5 stars.
1594489505|5.0|KHALED HOSSEINI is one of the best writers of this time. his words come alive as you read them.the kite runner was a great book and this book is just as good. thank you for giving me such a good deal on this book!
B000Y7ZHCU|5.0|Love this show...I saw Celine's show in Vegas last year and this DVD reminded me of how spectacular the production is!  This will be remembered as one of the most fantastic 'greats' of Las Vegas...I highly recommend this to anyone, even if you're not a Celine Dion fan...the artistry of the show is definitely something to behold!
B000VSBX34|5.0|just what I wanted. included a bonus disk. thanks for helping me enrich my love for the beatles!
B000W07EKW|5.0|Timely delivery.  In perfect condition.  Looking forward to buying from this seller again.
B0002234LS|1.0|First off, I'm a huge Johnny Depp fan.  I own the majority of his movies, ranging from Pirates, to Edward Scissorhands, to What's Eating Gilbert Grape.  This is probably the worst movie I have ever seen with him in it.  None of the characters are likable and the story not only drags but is also predictable.  I really wish I just had never seen this movie, not only because it is such a disappointment Johnny Depp actually could be associated with something so horrible, but also because I feel like I was robbed of an hour and a half of my life.
0393061310|2.0|I bought a new hard cover edition for my husband as a Christmas gift and the first pages of the book were torn.  I was extremely disappointed as this was a gift, and was supposed to be brand new.
1598561634|3.0|This product was much smaller than I expected it to be. No dimensions were offered on the Amazon shopping page but I ordered hoping that this edition of Biblia Hebraica would be a large enough book to allow for tranaslating between the lines. When it arrived, it was tiny! I was puzzled by a sticker on the back indicating that I had received the small version. I was not given a choice on amazon's website about whether I wanted a small or large edition of this book. I'd love to order a larger version from Amazon, but am not sure if they have them available.
B000068CNX|4.0|received in a short amount of time and in good condition...no problems as of yet
0440238609|4.0|This series of books was a good read for me (age 34) but would be better suited for teens and young adults. The metaphors contained are tried and true, though the presentation seems sort of stilted at times.    If you have a youngster that you would like to see become a worthwhile person as opposed to a fake-churchy fruitcake, I recommend this collection very strongly.
0307346617|5.0|I wasn't sure weather to trust buying from any site online or trusting the shape the product was in, but I bought a few items off Amazon and every time I bought something it was a very great buy and I will continue to buy from Amazon and I just am very pleased with the products. This World War Z Book was my last purchase and I just loved it and so did the person that I bought it for. It was a great Christmas present. A few great reasons why to buy from Amazon  1.Great deals  2.Great products  3.trustworthy  3.great shipping    I want to say Thank you Amazon and keep up the great work.
B000YIGNKE|1.0|The movie lacked real emotions. All the acting and actors were dull and nothing about the whole thing was aspiring.  \\"Persuasion\\" is one of my favorite novels by Jane Austen but not even that was enough encouragement for me to root for this poorly portrayed couple (Anne Elliot and Captain Wentworth). I must admit the 1995 version of Persuasion staring Amanda Root and Ciaran Hinds is my favorite and maybe I had too many high expectations this version would also be wonderful but I was very disappointed. I think I knew I would have a problem with this movie from one of the earliest  scenes of a maid doing nothing more than just standing around holding an inkwell waiting for when Anne needed ink from wondering from room to room making a list of the house items. What was the point?
B00020HEL6|5.0|Best CD I have ever purchased. Love every song on the CD. Ms. Olstead has a magnificant voice, should have a current CD come out! She is up there with Chris Botti, Michael Buble. Needs more recognition for this fantastic CD- what a voice!
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Bought as a Christmas gift for my son-in-law.  It was watched the day  after Christmas by the entire family  gathered there.  Everyone was   completely enthralled by the magnificent content of the DVD and the  outstanding picture and video.  It was a great gift.
B000Q6GXW2|5.0|This is an incredible movie, and the Hi Def is stunning shown on my 42\\" Sharp Aquos. I played this using the Xbox 360 add-on HD DVD player and was amazed at the quality of the movie. Not only that, but this movie has a great story! I watched it twice back to back it was that good. Highly recommended!
B000EHSVS2|5.0|I purchased this DVD as a gift for my father.  He enjoyed the movie tremendously.  His favorite part though were the hours of special features included with the DVD.
0439882826|5.0|The book is great as a keepsake or pictorial reference.  All the pop ups have detailed explanations as too who and what they represent.  The detail in the pop ups is delightful with pop ups in pop ups on many of the pages.  Of course the best pop  up is last with the glowing light sabres.  Strongly recommend for any age group.  Absolutely loved it.  Make sure you buy one for yourself if you are purchasing as a gift.  You will regret it if you don't
B0007MAO0M|5.0|Movie in great shape and terrific customer service.  Our movie got lost in the mail and it was replaced.  I'm was very grateful as it was a Christmas gift to a nephew I don't get to see often, because I live far away from him.
B0000DJZ7W|4.0|Not a trascendent sound. If you are a CEline fan, you will be pleased, but that's it.
B000RZIGZ4|5.0|Top Gun, Top Gun, the best of the best, even though it was  over 20 year old movie, the picture quality and sound is excellent with 1080P and DD Plus.
057507874X|5.0|I think this book tells  a wonderful story about friendship and growth and scary things! All the Carnival thing is simply sinister!  If you like  Stephen King's It or Dan Simmoms' Summer of Night then you must absolutely buy this book!
B000E5KJD4|5.0|I just love this moive, with 1080P and DD, what can I say, love it!
B000R9J3XE|4.0|I have been a huge Garbage fan since the beginning (and when Shirley was in Angelfish)and have followed their work up to present. Absolute Garbage (not too crazy about the title)tracks the band from their first hit singles (and the best)to the somewhat commercially rocky '00s material. Their timing was dead on in 1995 when their debut hit stores and Shirley and the boys got heavy airplay on radio and MTV. Their music was a strange brew of glossy alt-electro rock often sampling other artists who seemed to be their inspirations. \\"Stupid Girl\\" updates The Clash's \\"Train in Vain\\" and later on their second record, \\"Special\\" relies on Chryssie Hynde. \\"Vow\\" is an exquisite stinger as \\"Only Happy When it Rains\\" sounds like a sunny pop song except that it's not. \\"Milk\\", the last track the debut began a trend with Garbage; each album they have released have always closed with a bittersweet ballad that is usually dark, sexy, and pleading. The best example is \\"Milk\\" with it's desperate \\"I'm waiting for you\\" hook. Gorgeous, and so different from other music of that time. In Between the debut and Version 2.0, was the Romeo and Juliet Soundtrack which featured Garbage's ode to obsession \\"#1 Crush\\". Version 2.0 set well with critics and fans alike and became a year end favorite on many magazine lists. Lead single \\"Push It\\" twisted Salt N' Pepa into a multi-layered techno-rock gem. Check for the Beach Boys influence when Shirley purrs \\"Don't Worry Baby\\" like it was the 60's all over again. This will come up again on the third record. \\"I Think I'm Paranoid\\" ressurects \\"Bend Me, Shake Me\\" and makes for another Garbage classic. \\"When I Grow Up\\" was a great single and a track from the Big Daddy soundtrack during that time. It was a lighter cut, and made way for Garbage's slightly looser, poppier sound. Of course, there are no words for the awesome ballad that is \\"You Look so Fine\\". It contains one of my favorite lines from a song: \\"You Look so fine, I want to break your heart and give you mine\\". I mean, what's not to love? \\"The World is Not Enough\\" was from the James Bond Soundtrack and wisely included among the best cuts. The third record Beautiful Garbage received mixed reviews, mostly for Garbage's transition into a lighter sound that mixed their signature styles with 60's girl group harmonies. At times the tracks seem a bit forced and not so cohesive. Even still, Beautiful contained some great songs. \\"Cherry Lips(Go Baby Go)is among them. On a collection like this, it seems to stand out just a bit but really it is the best example of how flexible Garbage's sound can be. It's a track that is hard to categorize or pin down, and maybe that was the point. It's mostly sparkle and pop, but at the same time casts a wicked new wave spell behind Shirley's nearly unrecognizable high and perky voice. Also from that album is \\"Shut Your Mouth\\", one of the tracks that sounds more like Garbage's mid-late '90s offerings. A few people complain about the omitted \\"Androgyny\\", \\"Breaking up the Girl\\", and \\"Sex is the Not the Enemy\\". People will always disagree with best of collections. I for one am glad that \\"Androgyny\\" was left off. That track has to be the weakest of all and would throw off a nice collection like this. Obviously I am not the only one. As for the others left off, I like them but not the strongest material. Overall, I'm pretty happy with the selection of the singles and wouldn't change a thing. The fourth record, Bleed Like Me, was a bit more on track with critics and the buying public. I was so glad that \\"Why Do You Love Me\\" got the airplay it deserved. It's an excellent single about insecurity and empowerment and a nice comeback hit for Garbage. The title track is a good old fashioned blistering Garbage track, although not quite as classic as say, \\"Queer\\" or \\"Stupid Girl\\". A nice remix of \\"It's All Over But the Crying\\", Bleed Like Me's album closing torch song, and the new track \\"Tell Me Where It Hurts\\" which sounds like part of the Beautiful Garbage era, is also included. It's a good song but not the strongest of statements on the future of Garbage. All in all, it's nice to have whether you're a fan or a casual listener since most of the good stuff is on here. Most are under the impression Garbage is a singles band and that's not true at all. The debut and Version 2.0 are essential listening and two of the best records of the 1990s. Includes nice booklet with great photos, lyrics to all songs and a nice little history of the band. Buy it now!
B000VAPZM2|3.0|Like most kids today, my 7 year-old daughter loves High School Musical. As a grown-up, I found the sequel a lot less fun than the original. There were quite a few problems with the film: especially the fact that the kids had to all of the sudden turn back the clocks and become juniors when they should have been graduating at the end of the 1st movie. Also, why didn't they give Zac the same color hair for goodness' sake!? the first movie, while perhaps not every high school student's experience, somehow managed to be believable. the second was often preposterous. but the actors are really cute and talented and my kids watch it over and over!
0307387178|4.0|This is a good, thought provoking and often times disturbing look into the life of a unique if somewhat eccentric young man who abandons society to find himself in the wilds of Alaska.<br /><br />I do however have two problems with the book.<br /><br />The first problem is how Krakauer repeatedly describes McCandless's journey as being into a remote part of Alaska.  Yet, he tells us in the book that in fact McCandless was actually very close to civilization and that in fact his only problem was the rise of the river he'd originally crossed to reach his camping grounds.  Still, Krakauer, obviously for dramatic flair, plays up the supposed remoteness of McCandless's journey.  I don't get it.<br /><br />The second problem I had with the book is where Krakauer veers completely off course about two thirds of the way into the book, regaling the reader with tales of his own Alaskan adventure.  What relevance this has to the subject of the book is unclear and seems to serve more as a vehicle for Krakauer's own ego.<br /><br />Other than that, the book is well written, entertaining and meticulously researched.<br /><br />I recommend it.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|Firefly and Serenity are not unique in having spawned legions of devoted fans whose interest has not waned even after the series was cancelled.    What *is* unique is that such interest has been generated and maintained after only a single season, and continues to grow today.  The Browncoat phenomena is world-wide and every one of us continues to hope that new episodes will be made.    We are doing the impossible, and that makes us mighty.    Keep flying!
B000W0A97C|5.0|Can't say enough about what a singer and songwriter Joni Mitchell is.  I've bought everything she's ever put out and have never been dissappointed!!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|[[ASIN:B000MR9D5E Planet Earth - The Complete BBC Series]]The nature photography in this series is breathtaking and gives everyone young and old the chance to view the world around us from a perspective most of us would never get in our lifetimes.I like the fact that most scenes that involve an animal dying in the cycle of life have been understated and not graphically depicted. Which makes this suitable in most cases for younger children.I wholeheartedly give it 5 stars for its educational content and its awe inspiring photography. Bravo BBC productions.
B000MGUZM0|5.0|I really thought that this CD was one of the best of 2007. It was full of powerful melodies and meaningful lyrics.  It revitalized my faith in rock and roll.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|This is was an excellent DVD, I was extremely happy with my purchase I couldn't stop watching it.  I am anticipating the second season coming to DVD.  Also it arrived extremely fast, I was very impressed
B000Y179KO|5.0|I bought this album for my husband for Christmas since he requested it.  He really enjoys it and listens to it in his car mostly.  I have listened to part of it and found it as good as all the Eagles albums.  I would highly recommend it.
1594489505|5.0|A+, highly recommended.  It makes you realize how fortunate we are to be women in the U.S.  Despite certain discriminations, we have nothing to complain about when we compare what the women of Afghanistan have endured.  My hearts go out to them.
0007189885|4.0|This is the story of wealthy Nigerian family with a deeply religious father who gives generously to family, the community, and other charitable causes; a loving mother; and two successful children (Kambili and her brother Jaja) who perform at the top of their classes in school.  It also the story of a family wracked by domestic violence, a father with an uncontrollable temper, and two children who obey and perform through profound fear.  Same family.  Fifteen-year-old Kambili narrates the story as she and her brother go to visit their father's free-thinking university professor sister, and attitudes begin to change.    The story is emotionally difficult (as it should be), and it never bores (although I occasionally became frustrated with Kamibili's unrelenting shyness).  Adichie - the author - effectively portrays the complex relationships between domestic abusers and their victims, the entwined fear and love and pride and anger.  Adichie takes advantage of the father's adoration of the West to get in a number of clever jabs at Western culture, and she uses the university professor aunt and her children to espouse a number of messages.  (The aunt experiences - for example - the capricious nature of the process of applying for an American visa; for a much better characterization of that, however, read Kiran Desai's [[ASIN:0802142818 The Inheritance of Loss]].)    I can see why this was only shortlisted for the Orange Prize whereas Adichie's more recent book, [[ASIN:1400095204 Half of a Yellow Sun]], actually won the prize.  Both books are emotionally effective, but Half feels more epic while it plays out on the backdrop of a major historical event (the Biafran War).  Hibiscus is more of a domestic drama, although Adichie seeks to illustrate the challenges of life in Nigeria with a military coup, a significant amount of political intrigue, police oppression, and other dynamics.    One critique I had was with a subplot detailing Kambili's first love interest, a priest.The future of the relationship was ambiguous enough to create real discomfort (she is fifteen and he is an adult, after all), and the reader experiences enough discomfort from the primary family relationship to satisfy all discomfort quotas for years to come.      I listened to the unabridged audiobook narrated by Lisette Lecat (published by Recorded Books, 10 CDs).  Lecat is an excellent reader as always (she also narrated the excellent [[ASIN:B000FC1HQY Don't Let's Go to the Dogs Tonight]] and [[ASIN:B000W0NO5Q The No.1 Ladies' Detective Agency]] series), but I couldn't help being bothered by the erroneous accent: Lecat is South African, and that accent is very distinct from the Nigerian accent.     Minor critiques aside, I highly recommend this fine example of modern Nigerian literature.    [Note on content: the book contains graphic (not gratuitous) domestic violence.]
B000UR9T8C|4.0|I gave this movie four stars because of the impressive special effects only. I loved the first 'Spiderman' movie and they went downhill since then. In 'Spiderman 3', in my opinion the only interesting character is 'Sandman'. I wish they would've beefed out his character more and diminished M.J's pretentious attempts as a 'actress/singer'. Why couldn't she be a 'shopgirl' or something more original than an actress. Are there more shopgirls than actresses in N.Y? Also, it seems there are so many sub plots going on that along with the lightning fast moving action, is not easy to follow; which is fine for a complex indy film, but for an action packed project, a different matter altogether.
0439882826|5.0|This book is a must for any Star Wars fan.  The pop ups are so detailed.  My son had a great time opening them all up and checking all of them out.
1905236042|5.0|I bought the book with it and they are wonderful.  My 4 and 2 year old can do many the yoga positions!!  Great way to connect and to wind down for bedtime!!
B000VAPZM2|4.0|I bought this for my 8 year old granddaughter and she has had a great time pretending to be in the movie High School Musical.  Don't think she has spent much time \\"playing\\" it but more of using it as a performance enhancement.
B000YIGNKE|3.0|As Mary Musgrove would say, \\"I am so ill.\\"  That is how disappointed I am with the PBS airing last night -- and yet, I will not cancel my pre-order because affection I hold for Rupert Penry-Jones's performance  and, of course,I still need to fulfill my Jane Austen addiction habit by simply owning anything and everything about the subject.<br /><br />That said, for more discernable buyers, this was not the best Persuasion film.  And if you have not familiarlized yourself with the intricacies of the original, sadly you will have missed the beauty of the story and why it has been so beloved for centuries... Newbies may enjoy it (and I always welcome anything that will entice newcombers into the fold!) as themes and intrigues are actually spelled out.  Nonetheless, the gift of Jane Austen is in the subtleties, the sharp wit and delicate humor, and the layers in her characters.<br /><br />In this 90 minute flick, the story felt rushed.  Usually, I do not mind if the director cuts and pastes the story and dialogue if it actually improves the pace, but this was not the case.<br /><br />And Sally Hawkins was so miscast!  Every time she came on scene, I feared a fly might enter her mouth. Even this film's Mrs. Smythe was a stronger female character than Anne! Hawkin's Anne was dull witted and washed out... and by the  end there was no transformation.  She just seemed desperate.  And I simply cannot see how her weak personality and appearance could attract any man (William Elliott at first sight or the handsome Captain Wentworth!)  The kiss at the end lacked any chemistry. Sally Hawkins with Rupert Penry-Jones was a total mismatch.  If the female lead was better,  I would have been more forgiving.  Still why re-make a movie if it's not going to surpass the earlier versions.
0321525655|5.0|If you ever have given or will give a PowerPoint presentation, you must read this book. This is a book which I wish was written 20 years ago.    Presentation Zen offers a philosophy regarding presentations that is stunningly simple on its surface but at the same time very implementable. PowerPoint is currently being used in the manner in which it was designed, which is the principal problem.    Many of us have had our minds drift off through countless hours and hours of bullets and small fonts as opposed to really deriving the true value of human communications.    The marriage of Zen concepts and communications is extraordinarily powerful. Garr Reynolds' writing style is very informative, applicable and provides excellent examples of meaningful communication.    These days even grammar school children are being taught to use PowerPoint in the same ineffective manner that it has traditionally been used.    I have always felt tremendous differences in the power of presentations by Seth Godin and Tom Peters.  This book explains why.    I will have multiple copies of this book to distribute to my work associates and friends as appropriate. Ignore this book at your own risk.
0618680004|5.0|A great marketing title geared directly towards those who have no idea about God and the afterlife.  Jesus said that the world will hate him for no reason and this book confirms those words.  I would suggest that you buy this book used so that those who wasted their money can at least get some of their cash returned, and also, to prevent further revenues from entering the pockets of this Dawkins guy who really neads to read the Bible and find out the true meaning of life.  Always remember, what you do in this present life will either please God or piss him off.  Now if there is a God who created everything (and there is), then do as he says and believe what he says aoout Jesus as stated in the Bible.  My suggestion is that you check out the book, \\"A Case for Christ\\" by Lee Strobel and compare the intellect between these two writers.  If you're smart, you'll find that Dawkins tricked you.
1582701709|5.0|I purchase five books of the secret giving to individuals that I know would love this book and continue to read my copy daily and repeatedly.
0143113100|5.0|This is a well written and well documented book on the advances that are being made in brain functioning and rebuilding. We have previously been taught that after adulthood our brains are set for life. Dr Doidge presents many cases that are examples of ways our brains can be \\"rewired\\" (non-surgically)and lives can be changed for the better. The stories are uplifting and encouraging with patients improving from strokes, loss of balance disorders, autism and lastly (but not least) Alzheimers Disease.  It is easy reading for a scientific subject.
037571457X|4.0|A must read for its humor and descriptive qualities. A corrective to be digested by warmongers and propagandists.
B000WZAE0Y|5.0|If you are looking for super entertainment for the whole family, Stardust is your movie. It is delightful, and Robert DeNiro and Michelle Phifer (spelling?) are soooo funny. I've watched it three times to make sure all of my family would see it, and they all agree (even the 17 and 19 year-olds): This movie is Great Fun!!  Alice Pennels  Park Ciy, Utah
1847242537|4.0|This is my first Larsson mystery and not my last. He's as sociologically interesting as Mankell and Indridasen, far more byzantine but less dark. I thought I knew the killer and where the body went half way through but was only close, as in horseshoes. Also, the hero is (compared with Kurt Wallander) in good shape athletically and is not deprived of appropriate sexual company. The weakness of the story is that the too-perfect feats of the anorexic, sociopathic super-woman are too often not at all believable, but this doesn't kill the effect, the book is a very good mystery. The ending has similarities with a modern Swedish fairy tale, 'N&auml;r Maanen gick f&ouml;rbi' by Alfredson and Aahlin. Unfortunately, we cannot ask the author if he read that tale, he died young of a massive heart attack in 2004 after a life of work as an anti-racism, anti-fascism expert. the latter topic appears in this mystery.<br /><br />This review is based on the Norwegian translation 'Menn som hater Kvinner'. The English title should have been \\"Men who hate women'.
B00104W8T6|5.0|Sometimes it takes a few listens to get into a CD. Other times, right away you know from the first notes, that you'll be listening to the CD a few million times and it will constantly be going in the ol' player (or itunes, car stereo ETC). The soundtrack to the movie \\"Juno\\" is one of those cases.<br /><br />For those who don't know, the film \\"Juno\\" is a comedy/drama about a teenager named Juno MacGuff, who finds herself pregnant after sexually experimenting with her best friend, Paulie. We follow Juno, her family,  friends, and acquaintances through the nine months of her pregnancy and all the 'Sturm & Drang', that goes with it. This film is quite a rarity, because it is a Hollywood movie comedy about teen prenancy, that actually treats its characters and their situation with both wit, intelligence and respect. And one last word about the film itself...yes the film's characters and humor are quite \\"quirky\\". I know this word is waaaayy over used by many reviewers, but darn it, the film is just \\"quirky\\".<br /><br />That feeling of 'quirkiness' seems to extend to the soundtrack. The music seems to portray the same style of humor, wit and intelligence of the characters in the film. One could just imagine that the acerbic teen, Juno, in a mellow moment, might actually listen to this CD (and like it!). Most of the music on this soundtrack could best be described as \\"anti-folk\\". This is sort of funny term, that seems to meet with a variety of definitions. To me it just seems to be folk music, that dosn't take itself too seriously, yet still has an attitude. Sort of like a bratty teenager. This is best encompassed on the soundtrack in the music of Kimya Dawson, who performs both solo and with the groups 'The Moldy Peaches' & 'Antsy Pants'. There is just something so hummable, chuckle inducing and addictive about her music. I love songs like \\"Anyone Else But You\\", \\"My Roller Coaster\\" and \\"Tire Swing\\". If you put these songs on in the morning, I can guarantee you'll still be hearing them in your head, while your getting to sleep at night.<br /><br />The other songs are also great. I really love the precociousness of the songs of 'Belle & Sebastion' (\\"Piazza, New York Catcher\\", \\"Expectations\\") as well as the cuts from Cat Power (\\"Sea of Love\\") and Barry Louis Polisar (\\"All I Want is You\\"). Great stuff!! I even like that creepy version of the Carpenter's \\"Superstar\\" as performed by Sonic Youth. All these songs go so well together.<br /><br />If I have but one bone to pick with this soundtrack, is in it's use of 'Classic Rock'. Don't get me wrong, I'm an old fart, who loves 'Classic Rock' (the lack of space in my condo due to my CD collection proves this)! But some of it works (The Velvet Underground, Buddy Holly) while some of it dosn't (The Kinks, Mott the Hoople). These are all great groups performing wonderful classic songs. I love them to bits. But the ones that don't work, just seem to interrupt the mood and flow of the CD. But this is really a small complaint. In the end if you havn't seen this movie, then go see it! After one viewing you'll be buying or downloading this recording. It's that good.your head, while your getting to sleep at night.    The other songs are also great. I really love the precociousness of the songs of 'Belle & Sebastion' (\\"Piazza, New York Catcher\\", \\"Expectations\\") as well as the cuts from Cat Power (\\"Sea of Love\\") and Barry Louis Polisar (\\"All I Want is You\\"). Great stuff!! I even like that creepy version of the Carpenter's \\"Superstar\\" as performed by Sonic Youth. All these songs go so well together.     If I have but one bone to pick with this soundtrack, is in it's use of 'Classic Rock'. Don't get me wrong, I'm an old fart, who loves 'Classic Rock' (the lack of space in my condo due to my CD collection proves this)! But some of it works (The Velvet Underground, Buddy Holly) while some of it dosn't (The Kinks, Mott the Hoople). These are all great groups performing wonderful classic songs. I love them to bits. But the ones that don't work, just seem to interrupt the mood and flow of the CD. But this is really a small complaint. In the end if you havn't seen this movie, then go see it! After one viewing you'll be buying or downloading this recording. It's that good.
B000002O4X|4.0|I remembered enjoying this soundtrack when the movie first came out and was not disappointed hearing it again, some 20 yrs. later.  Track 7...'Flight over Africa' is my favorite, and still makes me a little emotional.  Great for cross country car trips or just quiet evenings at home.
0525950079|5.0|if you loved \\"pillars of the earth\\" and its historical 11th century, then in this book two hundred years later the fantastic village of Kingsbridge continues to thrive in the mind and on the page. picking up the thread of a few generations whose lives had experienced the benefits of the acts of the vibrant characters in \\"pillars\\", the author now weaves the stories of their descendants in this current epoch.    follett's love of humanity and his understanding of the drives of the individual, be they hero/ines or hideously selfish egomaniacs, these are personality types we know today. some we respect, emulate and adore as models of strength and integrity; others are to be reviled for their deceit and facile manipulations of other's destinies.    the development of the story line, as is this writer's fashion, creates a tension between book and reader--the pages can not be turned fast enough.    one thought (which is unavoidable for me at least) in this cinematic era wherein conversion of even the most inane cartoons find their way to the big screen--why have his books NOT been made into screenplays???    in the end, i celebrate the author, ken follett, as a writer and a human who seeks to explore the dualities of human nature, and his brilliant examination of the subtleties within the human heart.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|Moore presents a very serious issue facing all Americans whether or not they have health insurance in a very entertaining light.  If what he presents is true, then the American public has been lied to especially concerning \\"socialized\\" medicine in other countries.<br /><br />During the documentary Moore went to four countries including Cuba and he expounds that medicine in these places is far superior to what is available or not available to the American public here in the US.  The documentary opens a lot of questions that demand answers, even if what is presented as \\"fact\\" is not quite \\"fact.\\"<br /><br />Excellently presented!
6303160344|5.0|A composer's wife, Julie ( Juliet Binoche) involves in a car crush. Although she survives, both her husband and daughter are died. She moans and dooms due to the loss of them. But, her new life begins. Supported by kind people, she tries to rebuild herself. On the other hand, the secrets of her husband are gradually revealed...   Blue implies melancholy but also means liberty. It is depicted how a widow rebuilds new life and liberates herself from the tragedy.   Oscar winner Juliet Binoche's performance will catch viewers' attention. This film won the best film and best actress of Venice Film Festival.   Director Kieslowski is good at depicting two things at the same time. In \\"Blue\\", a widow's life rebuilding and the revealing process of the her husband's secrets. He is prominent in the unique expression. He effectively uses silence, unique behavior, metaphor, minimum speech, and beautiful music. These effects give deep impression.    The three colors trilogy is the masterpiece of Kieslowski and consists of 3 films (\\" Blue\\", \\"White\\", and \\"Red\\" ) . The colors of French flag means liberty, equality, fraternity. Director Kieslowski expressed these themes through the movies. Not only\\" Blue\\", but also \\"White\\" and \\"Red\\" are worth watching.
0440238609|3.0|Although the first two books were quite good, I had trouble finishing the third, as it just seemed anti climactic and kind of poorly put together.  I particularly found Ms. Coulter to be unbelievable (ok, she's a liar, but...) towards the end, and the elephant things were a bit weird, but ok...  Also, I'm not a particularly religious person, but the none-too-subtle Christians suck message was starting to wear on me a bit by then.  There where a few times where it just seems as if the characters stop to preach about it when it really wasn't relevant to the story.  It just got old after a bit and at points it was a distraction from what I thought was a pretty good story up until the end, not the masterpiece I've heard some people call it, but decent fantasy.
6305558167|1.0|Hamy, melodramatic, gratuitously violent, plotless, self-indulgent, historically ridiculous, and over long. I've tried to watch this teapot boiler once every decade and it still remains a crushing bore. If there had been advanced video games in the early 80's it should have been one. Cannot fathom what fans see in this thing other than middle earth fever for anything, and I mean anything, that smacks of sword and sorcery. A real clunker.
B000ANVQ0K|5.0|If you love the movie this is the Edition for you.  Tons of great extras and behind the scenes stuff.<br />Really great!
1400086035|5.0|Fabulous from beginning to end.  Jim Dale's performance makes the characters in the book come to life.  I highly recommend it.
B000TFINY6|2.0|The product is ill packaged but otherwise ok.     We waited and waited for this season and we are still waiting. We are stationed in Korea and were spared what must have been an excruciating week to week season. The season is pathetic. It moves at a snails pace up until the last two disks where apparently the writers and directors realized they had squandered away nearly the whole season and something had to be done quickly. One of the few good episodes features a dejected Hurly rising to the challenge and saving the day.    Far too much time is spent on \\"Jack\\" and \\"Freckles\\" who are the least interesting characters on the show. One entire episode is devoted to people not previously main characters and who are dead in the end. A virtually wasted show.    For Lost fans like my family you have to have this set but be warned. You'll be disappointed.
B0011Z5IXC|5.0|One after another, each song on this album carries its unique musical qualities. I'm actually having trouble finding to words to tell you how awesome it is to have all these amazing songs on one album. It truly is the \\"Mothership\\" of all albums, in this genre at least. Give it a listen!
0887081770|4.0|My 4 year old daughter has requested this book for her bed time story for about 2 months straight.  It is a wonderful Eric Carle book - in terms of artwork and story, and as a bonus it touches on the reality of the phases of the moon, and the great lengths a father will go to please his daughter.  Plus it has some cool fold-out elements of the pages. What more could you want?  Well, you might want a book that is a little bigger (it's 4x5 inches) and a little more sturdy (the pages are made out of oak-tag thickness).  This book definitely will not hold its own against a toddler.  I recommend waiting until your child is 4 or 5, when he/she will not tear the book apart in a minute, and when they are old enough to discuss some of the elements of the story.
0689878451|5.0|Once I read that this book about two male penguins raising an egg together was on the banned book list, I immediately knew I had to buy it. I'm an avid supporter of equal rights for all and would love to instill that passion into my niece. The story is sweet, easy to follow, and the pictures are adorable. My niece loved everything about the book and is now a regular bed time story. There is nothing objectionable about this book at all and considering that it is based on a true story, there is no need for any parent to not get this for their child in order to broaden their horizons.
B000W9DTG6|5.0|I received this with 3 other box sets. It's always a pleasure to do with business with Amazon due to their speed and accuracy and low cost.
0143038419|1.0|Ms. Gilbert comes across as a most self-absorbed, egocentric person and, beyond this, expects the rest of the world to coo and cluck in pity.  Here's a thought: perhaps she should have volunteered with the Peace Corps, Habitat for Humanity, or the International Red Cross.  Perhaps this would have lifted her out of her wallowing self-pity and benefited the truly desperate.  But wait - of course not.  She would never have been advanced the big bucks from her publisher to finance a soujourn in the slums.  How I wish I'd contributed the price of this book to charity, instead ... especially since I could not force myself to finish it.
B000063UR2|5.0|What can you say?  The movie is a fantasy classic and it's been touched up and put on DVD.  Fantastic!
B00006CXSS|4.0|This is a great portrail of inside WWII combat squad.  At times a little too graphic, but nothing TVG or Clear play can't filter out.
0060776757|5.0|For any U2 fan, this is the real thing.  From their early years up until 2005, the band share every single moment, plus a collection of pictures that complement very nicely the entire book.  100% recomended.
0790731894|3.0|This is a cut version, there is about 15 minutes of footage cut out of this movie.
B000W07EKW|5.0|A rare trilogy in which all three movies are equal to each other. Highly recommend this.
B00003CXCT|4.0|OK, yes, Lucas added a whole slew of new stuff to the oroginal films.  So what? I thought it was really kinda neat, some of the things that are in there!  Truthfully, the only time in the first film that newness was even that obvious was the scene before the take-off from Mos Isley, where Jabba accosts Solo for money.  That was obviously CG, but it didn't look that bad.  Lucas brought us films that essentially revolutionized film and the way we look at them.  What was there before Star Wars?  I've read a lot of bad reviews because of the new cg effects, but cut the guy a little slack!  He lost a lot to make these movies to begin with... Let the man have his fun with his films!  Before you bite into the cg bashing that's been going on, see them for yourself.  If you're a lifelong, die hard fan, remember how open your mind was when you first saw them.  Relive the experience!    I got this as a gift for my sister and she absolutely loved it!  The box was a little bent in at the corners, but there was nothing wrong otherwise.  Just a packaging goof, I'm sure.
B000YENUI6|4.0|Much like `A History of Violence', `Eastern Promises' opens with a brutal murder and closes with a sense of calm that is almost unsettling.  They both also sport fine performances by the entire cast, Viggo Mortensen delivering career bests in both films.  Speaking of Viggo, I personally took a while to appreciate what he did with his character in `A History of Violence', a film that I adored but a performance that I couldn't rally behind.  After watching the film a few times though I have grown to understand why he was praised so much for his performance.  His turn in `Eastern Promises' took me no such time to understand and support.  As Nikolai he commands every scene with his restrained dominance.  We'll get back to him in a minute.<br /><br />Another similarity to the aforementioned `Violence' is that both films are more a study how violence either effects out actions or dominates our thinking.  Both films are violent in scenes but subdued in most, delving into the way violence circles the mind as apposed to the body.  It's within scenes where mobster Semyon fingers the mere idea of committing a heinous crime that we see the true reality of `Eastern Promises'.  This is a world where violence is entertained on a whim and is used to solve any problem.<br /><br />The one main issue I have with this film is one of the things that has been lauded by many reviewers and critics; the script.  It's just not as impressive as I had anticipated.  There are a few holes I noticed throughout, things that just made no sense (like how the baby born in the opening scenes to a mother who was injected with heroine every day had absolutely no health problems) and it was these things that made me lose some of my admiration for the film.  Cronenberg directs the film masterfully, using the same sense of restrained rage he displayed in `Violence' and the cinematography is near perfect, but it's that pesky script that bothered me to no end while the film was running.  Steven Knight's screenplay just needed to undergo a massive tweaking.<br /><br />The performances are another story all together.  Naomi Watts (in a truly `supporting' performance) delivers warmth and courage and makes her character relatable to the audience.  We understand her values and viewpoints, and hopefully we agree with them.  Jerzy Skolimowski plays Stepan with a beautiful humanistic sense of loyalty and parental responsibility.  The mobster family is also portrayed masterfully.  Vincent Cassel is not an actor I'm usually impressed with, but here he adapts to his character well, and while his final scene is not entirely believable he manages to muster enough charisma beforehand to make it forgivable.  Armin Mueller-Stahl on the other hand is magnificent throughout, truly understanding Semyon and portraying him masterfully.  He creates layers around this man that peel away as his true intentions and personality comes to the fore.<br /><br />They all though play second fiddle to Mortensen's brilliant performance.  With every line he draws the audience further into his character, making Nikolai someone we want to know more about.  Much like Crowe's ravishing performance in `3:10 to Yuma', Mortensen says so much without really saying much at all.  He acts with every muscle in his face, letting us into his heart and soul with a glance in our direction.<br /><br />In the end `Eastern Promises' is a film I highly recommend.  It's not perfect, and it's somewhat of a step down from `A History of Violence', but it manages to deliver enough good to outweigh the bad.ed to undergo a massive tweaking.      The performances are another story all together.  Naomi Watts (in a truly `supporting' performance) delivers warmth and courage and makes her character relatable to the audience.  We understand her values and viewpoints, and hopefully we agree with them.  Jerzy Skolimowski plays Stepan with a beautiful humanistic sense of loyalty and parental responsibility.  The mobster family is also portrayed masterfully.  Vincent Cassel is not an actor I'm usually impressed with, but here he adapts to his character well, and while his final scene is not entirely believable he manages to muster enough charisma beforehand to make it forgivable.  Armin Mueller-Stahl on the other hand is magnificent throughout, truly understanding Semyon and portraying him masterfully.  He creates layers around this man that peel away as his true intentions and personality comes to the fore.      They all though play second fiddle to Mortensen's brilliant performance.  With every line he draws the audience further into his character, making Nikolai someone we want to know more about.  Much like Crowe's ravishing performance in `3:10 to Yuma', Mortensen says so much without really saying much at all.  He acts with every muscle in his face, letting us into his heart and soul with a glance in our direction.    In the end `Eastern Promises' is a film I highly recommend.  It's not perfect, and it's somewhat of a step down from `A History of Violence', but it manages to deliver enough good to outweigh the bad.
B0009UC7QQ|5.0|This movie is a parable for our lives - we too are living illusions to avoid the reality of the human condition.  Only by casting aside that illusion and confronting reality, as Truman does in the final scene, can we escape from our fears and embrace life - and that is why it was so splendid to see the fans of the show so happy at the end when Truman escaped - they really got what the show was about, and that Cristof's illusion now too was shattered.
B000007489|5.0|this is something noone else could do and will ever try.original offbeat punk that is legendary.I wish is could be recorded better but they redid most of it with still cyco.like it or not it's stil in print and is a classic cd.
B000VBP38C|4.0|My fourteen year old daughter loves this movie.  The acting is good and music is beautiful!  I bought her the sheet music for her piano also.
0792844890|5.0|Typical Mel Brooks movie, you have to watch it AT LEAST a half dozen times before you really begin to find all the funny stuff.    Candy and Moranis are brilliant, along with the entire cast, but Brooks involvement just makes it another outrageously funny movie.
B00005LC1H|5.0|Got it for my husband for Christmas and we sat right down to watch!  Probably the most underrated comedies of all time.  We laughed through almost all the episodes!
0679809015|5.0|Trust the reviews, this is a tiny (pocketable), invaluable book for at home or on the go. It is a staple in my baby gift baskets too! My son (22mo) has been attached to this book for over 6 months, and now knows all of the animals and the sounds they make. It is truly a gem, and for the price, add it to your cart!!
B00006CXSS|5.0|my son wanted the set for christmas and for $25 this was a steal!   packaging quality is excellent and the dvds are great!  thanks Amazon!
B000EZ7ZYA|4.0|I thought this movie was very funny. The story was interesting enough to keep me interested. I've always thought that Will Smith is a great actor. The blu-ray quality was good, not great.... but good. It had some grainy scenes and i wasn't too fond of the contrast levels.     oh well, bought it for 19.99 and i'm glad i did.
B0000DZ3IG|5.0|This was a Christmas present for my GF who loves the original movie. She loves getting this CD. I am a hero!
B000VAPZM2|5.0|My 8 yr old loves this video and anything to do with HSM 1& 2. A great movie for the whole family.
B00006AFF5|4.0|I purchased this DVD for my daughter as this is her favorite movie.  She had another one but wore it out by watching it so much. I looked everywhere to get her another one, but no stores carry it anymore and other online shopping sites were more expensive.  Thanks Amazon!!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Absolutely stunning.  Photography is awesome.  Very educational. It is amazing the amount of time spent by the photographers to get certain animals and scenes.
B0009ORGXQ|5.0|This is quite possibly the best ever from Jamiroquai.  I am stunned that it just keeps getting better with every album.  While most artists lose their edge over time, Jamiroquai keeps cranking out some of the best music out there.
1401200923|5.0|This book presents a new part of Bruce Wayne's life that nobody remembers, the story involve all the greatest villians and friends in Batman universe, but has an open ending that leaves you with more answer and wanting for more.
B0001XAS2G|5.0|Liked Al Stewarts style of music and lyrics in the late 70's, early 80's and wanted to have them on CD.....
0060887966|5.0|My sister loves this book, so I thought I would get the gift/illustrated edition for her.  I loved it, she loved it... needless to say, if you're a fan of this book, this edition would be a great addition to your personal library.
0743486285|5.0|I could not put this book down.  Having been in radio during this period I saw first hand how bad things really were for him.  We had a death pool at one time and he was at the top of the list.  I met him on two separate occasions; the first time he was drunk but personable, the second time strung out and abusive.<br /><br />I loved the book.  Nikki, thanks for opening up old wounds and sharing the dark side of sex, drugs and rock-n-roll.
B000P6YNSE|5.0|Season 3 of Lost follows closely on the heels of the first two seasons. All the same suspense, characters, and action that was in both season 1 and 2 is here. Just like in the commercials, many questions are answered, but many more are created, leaving you eager to jump from episode to episode and disk to disk.     If you have the first two seasons, and enjoyed them, this is a must have.
0061122416|3.0|Paulo Coelho is an engaging Brazilian writer.  He emerged from the strict class society of Brazil to assume the mantle of a South American counter cultural icon.  His work is easy to read and simple in form.  It is thus unsurprising that it has gained such widespread attention and interpretation.  Coelho himself has become somewhat of a Catholic mystic, and this mysticism permeates his story telling.<br /><br />I found the prose to be engaging, with the reader unable to place the tale in any specific time - save that it predated modernity.  The protagonist sets out on a journey to discover his \\"personal legend\\".  This is the metaphor for uncovering one's true calling.  Ironically, the character meets and falls in love with Fatima, a woman of the desert who lives in an oasis.  She professes to love our hero, providing he pursues his personal destiny - and yet is content to have none of her own.<br /><br />One may take any level of meaning one wishes from such a tale.  The book can be read in the course of a few hours and it should serve as some inspirational comfort to those seeking a new path in life.  Personally, I found it to be a quiet, intimate tale - best retold around a campfire under a desert moon.
B000WCDI5K|3.0|A nice collection but it gets a bit long and has several covers and remixes on it. I could see this being a great addition to the collection of Killers albums for a die-hard fan. However, I found it an interesting listen once or twice but couldn't imagine owning it.
B000I2J0W4|5.0|This is one of the best-looking & best-sounding HDs I've seen.  It didn't seem like the kind of film that would benefit from an HD upgrade, but it makes an amazing difference.  The film looks new, with such a sharp image and brilliant colors that you'd never guess it was almost 30 years old.  Much like the new Blade Runner Final Cut, the picture & sound are so much better that you feel like you're watching the film for the first time, and appreciating it more fully than ever before.  VERY highly recommended!
B000BTGY1O|5.0|This is an excellent movie with an excellent cast. However I have noticed an unfortunate lack of rave reviews for Mr. Rooney's character. Most of these other 200-odd reviewers only mention him in passing with words such as unfortunate, overacted, racist, etc. etc. or are too scared to mention him at all.       I am sick & tired of people who are super-sensitive to every little thing anyone says or does. When I see a comedian who makes fun of MY race, creed or color, I do one of two things.  If the joke is funny: I laugh  If the joke is not funny: I think to myself \\"this guy should be pumping my gas\\"      The easiest thing to do in our society today is throw out the race card. The ones keeping racism alive & well in this country are the people who call others racists unjustly.       It is funny to me how people criticize this era (50's-60's) as being uptight, when very few people today can take a joke concerning this subject. People are different & when someone points this out in a humorous way it is simply......A JOKE. It is not racism or mean-spirited, that is simply the way it is construed 40-some years after the fact, when we all live in an ultra-sensitive world, where everyone is scared #&*@less of offending anyone else.      When people stop this super-sensitivity, & childish behavior, (crying like little babies at the slightest opportunity) we will all be better for it. We are all adults here, time to grow up.
B000UBMWG4|5.0|Just a short note.  Be aware (beware?) that 2 of the discs in this 5-disc set are NOT Blu-ray discs, they are actually DVDs (and the material on them is standard-definition of course - not HD).    They are disc 2 (the making-of) and disc 4 (the \\"enhancement archive\\").    The others (including disc 1, the \\"Final Cut\\", disc 3 with the 3 other cuts, and disc 5 with the work print) are all High-Def Blu-ray discs.    Not a big deal, but I thought people should know.
B000EWBKKI|5.0|Great film, made better by the fantastic quality of Blu Ray. My son's favourite film now.
B00008GKEG|5.0|I just bought this Beatles Anthology for a friend.  I already have one.  If you're a Beatles fan (and who isn't really?), this is a \\"must have\\" item.  It goes through the history of the Beatles with great videos and music and interviews with the Beatles themselves.
1881273156|5.0|This book is a must have for those getting ready for marrige all the way to those who have been married for years.  I use this book in pre-marital counseling and believe it would be a good addition to your library.
B000R7HY0K|2.0|While Planet Terror was a rather interesting and unique film, Tarantino's Death Proof exudes an excessive amount of absolute boredom and leaves the viewers with a rather large and unwanted helping of dissatisfaction.  The film lacks any clear plot and consists of endless dialogs shared amongst two groups of women in souped-out cars from decades past.    The faux-plot follows two groups of women who drive from point A to point B while sharing long and boring conversations: the substance of this chatter is not at all applicable to the progression of the film, and it only serves as a filer to bait about a half-hour until the women arrive at point B.  Once settled into Point B, the women then begin more endless and mindless banter for another good thirty minutes.  Somehow, Tarantino managed to weave a sadistic stunt man into the foregone plot who, unbeknownst to the traveling women, has been stalking the current group in hopes of killing them in a fancy act of vehicular homicide.  The act marks an end for the first group of unfortunate women.     Repeat the above with the next group of unsuspecting women, but with more emphasis on nebulous conversations.  But with the second group of women, the sadistic stunt man has bit of more than he can chew: two of the women are accomplished stunt women themselves (one also carries a conveniently hidden handgun).  After surviving a rather amazing chase sequence, the women track down the maniac stunt man and exact their revenge.    Besides the cool chase at the end of the film, this film has lackluster writing, boring camera angles, and characters who actually devolve rather than evolve.  For instance, the first set of women has one clever and instinctive member who correctly suspects the stunt man of not being an entirely good man and suspects a threat about him.  However, any of these suspicions are quickly drowned and forgotten with a lot booze and a pointless and gratuitous scene with a lap dance.    Another point that bothers me with this film, and any film having been made by Tarantino for that matter, is the fact that Tarantino appears in most of his films--regardless the type or the longevity of the character he portrays, he lends absolutely nothing to any of the films.  It's as if he insists to be in each of his films no matter how little sense it makes.    I really tried to like this film, but it lacked any redeeming points; however, the soundtrack is rather fun and catchy.  One such song is the remake of \\"Laisse tomber les filles\\" which is played at the end of the film while the credits drop.    Hipsters and poseurs (IMDB fans are another story) will no doubt love this film, but will fail to provide anything substantial about the film to explain why they love the film so much.  Skip Death Proof, but if you want a film, that's in my opinion fresh and different, then aim for Planet Terror.
B000RZIGVS|3.0|My disappointment with this DVD set is the lack of written table of contents for the 15+ disk set, and the lack of outside labeling of the disk on the jewel case.
B00005Y6YB|5.0|we have lost count on how many times we have watched this movie. My whole family thinks that it is the best western that was ever made. My teenage girls love it and they don't watch westerns. I would reccomend this to anyone. You will not be disappointed.
B0002JJBZE|1.0|I suppose that TOS (Series II) is a good watch. But, I wouldn't know for sure because I never received the item from the seller. And, he/she said that they would refund my money, but have yet to do so. That was a week ago (Jan 14), well over a month ago when I bought the item (about two weeks before Christmas).<br /><br />Oh well. Let the buyer beware!
B00005Q45W|4.0|If I had to make a quick decision about which L.C. CD I would keep it would be this one. If you like L.C. and do not have this get it today.The only reason I di not give it 5 stars after having his poetry and music a part of my life for 40 yrs. I always anticipate something more.
0440238609|5.0|I know these books are intended for young readers, but I, at 29, found myself reading every chance I had.  All the negative talk really had me wanting to see for myself what the books were REALLY about.  I just finished reading them all and I have to say that I did enjoy them and was not offended by the books at all.  I found them to be a great read and very imaginative.  The movie detracts from the real content of the book, \\"The Golden Compass\\", but what movie is ever as good as the books anyway?  I would recommend these books.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|I was simply amazed by the overall quality, sound dynamics, and the accuracy of the bass and treble response of these headphones.  I consider myself a picky audiophile and hence have very high standards when it comes to audio equipment.  Dollar for dollar these headphones are probably the best purchase I have made in over 30 years.  You can almost \\"see into the music\\", the sound is that clear.  And comfort is excellent as well.  I've worn these for hours with absolutely no fatigue or discomfort.  These phones richly deserve an A+ rating.
B000MXPE7O|4.0|This is, in general, a film that kept me riveted to my seat. Performances good except for Angelina Jolie, who shouts rather than acts during parts of the film.  Billy Crudup could have used additional coaching with his English accent.  It required more than one viewing for me to unravel a plot that went back and forth between present and past, but it made sense after a couple of viewings.  Matt Damon is excellent as is the rest of the cast.  No one should take this for history, but it does provide what seems to be some insight into the mentality of CIA and its Soviet counterpart, KGB during the Cold War.  One of the most interesting episodes is what happens to a KGB agent who is mistakenly believed to be a plant trying to discredit a true KGB defector.  The movie has a feeling of reality though it is a fictionalized version of certain characters, periods and events in the history of CIA.  Intelligently written.  Robert DeNiro has done a stellar job as director.
0143038419|2.0|I grew very tired of the author's whinning.  Come on!  Most of us have been through a messy divorce, but we don't take a year off to overindulge ourselves and bore everyone else with our self pity!
0451209338|4.0|Reading your first Daniel Silva book will compel you to buy another and another.......which I have done.
B000J103WK|5.0|When I bought this DVD I couldn't believe how good the sound and picture was,This is one of the best live recorded DVD,s I have ever heard
0743270754|4.0|Goodwin's conceit of a communal biography of Lincoln's rivals for the Republican nomination and their subsequent years in his cabinet falls a little off the mark.  For instance, we get the personal history of Edward Bates, but not that much of his role in the administration.  Stanton is given more ink,  and he wasn't in the running in 1860.<br />We get a great sense of the Chase-Seward-Lincoln dynamic, but the fact that Chase is a constant pain in Abe's rear, somewhat belies the notion of Lincoln's mastery over his rivals.<br />Goodwin is most adept when presenting the White House and the city at large during the Civil War.  (After all, she spends more effort recounting Kate Chase's wedding than Gettysburg.)
088708026X|5.0|This is a wonderful book that children ages 3 and up will certainly enjoy.  The fold out illustrations are beautiful.
055358894X|5.0|The first book by a new author is usually promising but shaky.  This book is pure genius.<br /><br />The characters are well rounded, the dialogue is natural, the world is detailed and realistic, the plot is layered and fearless.<br /><br />I could not put it down.<br /><br />The only thing I don't like about this book is the title, and the author has already done a lot better with the title of the sequel [[ASIN:0575079673 Red Seas Under Red Skies]]
B0006GVJEE|3.0|One of the parts of this movie is how awesome the cover art is. When I ordered it from Amazon I assumed that it would come with the movie. When I received it there was no cover sleeve which for me is a big thing so I was disappointed plus the discs were knocked loose, better off just buying it somewhere else.
B000UR9T82|5.0|I recently purchased a PS3, and even though I had already owned the spider-man trilogy on dvd, I thought that they would be exceptional on blu-ray.  They are.  The scenes look almost 3-d, even though my tv only goes up to 1080i, and I have a receiver with 7.1 surround sound, and although these only go to 5.1, they sound so much better than the movies did on dvd.  Also the price was very good compared to retail stores.
B000Y7U98W|1.0|I don't know where to start but I can't seem to forget how bad the movie was. The pacing being the chief culprit and not to forget the illogical ending. Don't subject yourself to this torture.
B00006CXSS|5.0|This is an incredibly powerful story of the brave men of the 101st.  We get to see them during their challenges in boot camp and carry through the horrific battles in WWII.      I will not comment on the historical accuracy of the story, I will simply say it is a moving powerful story that will make you understand the sacrifices offered by these American heroes.      You will enjoy this show!
B0009IOR6Q|5.0|I have to be honest, at first I did not like this movie...but I watched it again and fell in love with it. Johnny Depp can do know wrong. The cast is fabulous, and it was a joy to see David Nelson in this film.
B00006CXSS|5.0|i bought these as a gift for my husband, he loved them on hbo. now he is able to watch them whenever he wants, and doesn't have to worry about missing an episode. they had a great price and provided him with some entertainment.
B000VAPZM2|5.0|The children LOVE this movie. It works for a wide range of ages (4-17) and it's clean fun. Highly recommended!
B000YIGNKE|2.0|What a disappointment! I just watched this last night on PBS Masterpiece. I was so excited to kick off the four-month Jane Austen extravaganza, too. I'm not sure if the people who made this version are just totally off the mark and think they can improve Jane Austen by making all kinds of ridiculous changes, or if trying to cram the novel into 90 minutes was just overwhelming and they ended up with this horrible mess. I have read the novel several times, and this version just doesn't capture the tension, the wit and humor--anything. Nor is the character development at all detailed or believable. On a humorous note, some of the changes the movie made to the novel are so ridiculous that they're laugh-out-loud funny:  Anne running around Bath chasing after Captain Wentworth and then finally running straight into him, almost knocking him and her brother-in-law over;  Harriet Smith--the invalid friend--achieving a a sudden miraculous recovery allowing her to trot nimbly down the street with Anne so that she can tell her all about how evil Anne's cousin, Mr. Eliot is;  Captain Wentworth giving Anne her family's estate Kellynch as a wedding gift!  I give it two stars because it looks pretty. If you're a true Jane Austen fan, steer clear. It's funny that people try to change what is already perfect--it never works. Watch the 1995 version [[ASIN:B00003JRCQ Persuasion]] or read the book. [[ASIN:0141439688 Persuasion (Penguin Classics)]]
0061053147|5.0|If you just appreciate Blade Runner like every other movie, this book is not for you. But if you are indeed hooked on it and want to confirm that what you've seen in the movie is for real, get this book!    I had the priviledge to watch Blade Runner in the movie theater when it first came out. I've bought the VHS and watched it over and over with increasing attention to detail, memorized lines, researched Philip K Dick and the whole nine yards. I've once thought of writing it all down so I would not forget.     More than a decade later, I saw this book at Amazon and gave it a shot! Everything that I've deemed interesting is in it: from the \\"mistakes\\" (we actually will never know if they were on purpose or not!) of a relatively inexpensive production (you can see wires that were not supposed to be seen, lips moving that do not match the lines, cheap wigs falling from stunts heads etc.     By the way, the Voigt-Kampff test is here!
B00006CXSS|5.0|Band of Brothers, in my opinion, is one of the greatest productions depicting some of the events that occurred to the 101st Airborne during World War II.  The following of Easy Company beginning with basic training through the end of the war instill thoughts of anger, exhilaration, and sadness as they go through many different trials.  The series gives a name and face to the many faceless soldiers, and how they overcame their paralyzing fears to become an effective soldier.  It even lends an entire episode to the character building of one such soldier though he is killed in the end.  This series shows us that heroes are not only the ones that survive, but also those that give their lives as a normal grunt on the battlefield.    This is an amazing series, and I cannot say enough to truly capture what it is to watch it.  One must see it to experience it.
B000TM1CKQ|5.0|So, I may be a little biased here since How I Met Your Mother (HIMYM) is one of my favorite shows.  But I have found new things to like about the show since purchasing these DVDs.  Each episode has hidden laughs that I missed when it was aired on TV and its nice to see some of the serial episodes back-to-back.  I highly suggest it for anyone that enjoys great writing, creative storylines, good laughs, and little heart, too.
B000TM1CKQ|5.0|I recently got into this show and fell in love with it and I was thrilled to find that it was so cheap on Amazon :) I'm so happy!
B00003CXAA|5.0|First time I've purchased gifts online and glad I started with Amazon.  They got here sooo fast and it was free shipping, you can't beat it!!  My husband has wanted this for severa years....he's very happy.
B00004THAY|5.0|Lots of phantastic guitar-playing and understandable lyrics. You'll be in good company with Erik Claton and B.B. King.[[ASIN:B00004THAY Riding with the King]]
B00102F5WK|2.0|Will this new wave of \\"war on terror\\" movies ever end? Almost none of them work because: they don't change people's opinions, they pretend to be morally superior (self-importance), they give us the wrong impressions and their messages are way too bias--this is Hollywood after all and we all know which side of the political spectrum they're on--to even take any of them seriously. In the end, these movies turn out to be more offensive (even for the Arabs) than anything else. I'm certain that whatever is happening behind the government's curtain is far more dramatic and interesting than boring films like Rendition--heck! At least The Kingdom had action in it. Not only the film is uninspiring, boring and extremely long, the A-class American actors are so lifeless that seem to be \\"pasted\\" into the film. I surrendered to Rendition after an hour and change. The real suffering is watching it.<br /><br />Brief Intro Story:<br />An explosion in North Africa generates an investigation to find out the perpetrators--one American is killed. A little bit after that incident, family man Anwar El-Ibrahimi (Omar Metwally) is kidnapped at the airport by a secret \\"law enforcement\\" agency--He was supposed catch a plane from South Africa to Chicago. Apparently he is now a suspect of terrorism and taken to a secret location for interrogation--He is a legal US resident and apparently innocent. Meanwhile rookie CIA analyst Douglas Freeman (Jake Gyllenhaal) is assigned to observe the brutal interrogation of Anwar by the local law enforcement--he was near that explosion, he wants to do his job, but doesn't like what he sees.<br /><br />After waiting for few days, Isabella (Reese Witherspoon) begins to investigate the disappearance of her husband--she is pregnant, but this doesn't stop her from finding out the truth. As the film continues, Douglas begins to have second thoughts about his job and the real truth behind that explosion appears for all to see.<br /><br />Review:<br />Director Gavin Hood makes a bad mistake by creating two parallel stories with no success in any of them. In one hand we have a \\"Romeo and Juliet\\" soapy Arab love story, and in the other, we get the laid-back and boring CIA agent Douglas who doesn't do much but getting laid, watches poor Anwar being tortured for few days, but all of the sudden, he wants to do the right thing by going against US policy on terror and trying to understand and even help the prisoner--which is not his call. How exciting is that? Even though, these stories are related, the movie jumps from scene to scene lacking the notion of time with fuzzy continuity. This non-chronological approach (done better in other films) unfortunately is not the only editing issue; the film is extremely long (120 minutes). Too long for a film that has virtually no action sequences, but little character development and few forced dramatic moments--for example the torture scenes for the most part, but they are not that shocking.<br /><br />Many of you are wondering why I didn't mention in my introduction that this film has Academy Award-winning Meryl Streep and Academy Award-winning Alan Arkin. What is wrong with this picture? The problem is the way our actors portray their clich&eacute; characters--yes, those evil, heartless government officials in charge of the war on terror (I'm being sarcastic here). In other words, our American actors have very little material--and screen time--to work with. They are nothing but stereotypes that show no emotions even in dire straits situations and at times, seem to be bored to even be in the film. It's an easy paycheck after all. But why is it about Oscar winners that after getting one statue, they get bad roles?<br /><br />The Verdict:<br />Rendition has an agenda and clearly displays it by showing its own view of what's happening to detainees in this messy War on Terror. Of course, you would expect this kind of bias from Hollywood. The real issue here is that the movie is way too slow; ithas cero character development with boring performances and clich&eacute; stereotypes--except for few scenes from the prisoner that are quite dramatic--that doesn't inspire nor entertain us. Please do yourself a favor and watch other far better dramas about this issue like Syriana.and clich stereotypes--except for few scenes from the prisoner that are quite dramatic--that doesn't inspire nor entertain us. Please do yourself a favor and watch other far better dramas about this issue like Syriana.
B00006CXSS|5.0|Shipping was fast and you can't beat the price.  It comes in the nice collectors tin case.  One of the best mini series ever.
B000VWYJ86|5.0|item arrived in perfect condition in a very quick timeframe  i was very pleased
B000F48CD8|3.0|There is no doubt that Jack White of the White Stripes is a musical genius, and with his side project foray into songs featuring actual instruments beyond a drum and bass, he proves it...of course bass lines are still uber important, as anyone who listens to the super catchy opening riff of \\"Steady As She Goes\\" the band's first single can attest.  Basically if you like that song, you'll probably dig the rest of the album.    This is a solid, cohesive album that dabbles in slightly different tunes but doesn't stray too much from one sound, which can make for a *slightly* boring/repetitive album at times, but also a treat for those that really love the sound of the Stripes or the Raconteurs for that matter.    Aside from the aforementioned single, \\"Call It A Day\\" is probably my other favourite track on the album, a plodding study of restraint that doesn't get tired.  The band dabbles in different tempos as well...\\"Blue Veins\\" channels some Amy Winehouse, \\"Yellow Sun\\" has a quirky 60's feel, while \\"Hands\\" has a great riff reminiscent of \\"Fascinating New Thing\\" by Semisonic.    If you're a fan of the White Stripes you'll probably appreciate this veering off by Jack White, also good for fans of slightly ragged indie rock along the lines of The Libertines or Babyshambles.
B000W07EKW|5.0|This is an awesome triology of the Jason Bourne saga.  Of course, I already knew that but I'm thrilled to have all three movies.  The bonus features are absolutely great and I thought it was very interesting to see how they made some of the scenes like the fight and car chase sequences as well as the many wonderful locations they shot in....I highly recommend this DVD collection!
B000VAPZM2|5.0|very wholesome, good values - such a change from most of the movies out there.   The tunes are very catchy.   Even adults will like the movie.
0451205766|4.0|So most people probably saw the films before they even read the book.  That is the case with me and just read the book recently after having seen the films oh probably a dozen times or so.    This book contains the entire plotline for the first film as well as the flashback to Vito Corleone's early life that made up half of the second film.  There is alot of backstory to minor characters such as Lucy Mancini and Al Neri which I didn't mind all that much but some other reviewers apparently did.  Of course some of the characters played bigger roles in the books than they did in the films...which is par for the course when novels are made into movies.      There is alot of graphic material in the book, everything from the vivid details of the various murders to the apparent obsession over the size of Sonny Corleone's manhood to a special surgery performed on Lucy Mancini to allow her to better enjoy sex.  Some of this may have been included to appease Mario Puzo's interest in the subjects as they could have been changed and nothing would have been taken from the overall story.    There were times where I became annoyed as Puzo would drop the main story to go off on a subplot or backstory and all I wanted to do was see what happened next in the story.      I will say that the characters in the book are less glossy than the ones Copola brought to the screen so there was a bit more realism in the books.    Overall, it's entertaining to read and to get more detail on what is seen in the films.  If you loved the films, you should read the book but don't expect to be blown away.  This is one of the few instances where the movies were better than the book.
0142405809|5.0|My children and I love this book. All Julia Donaldson's stuff is great.   This book and \\"Room on the broom\\" are not to miss. Great rhymes, beautiful pictures, kind-hearted story, \\"The whale and the snale\\" has it all.
B000ASDFJU|5.0|The packaging was very pretty and suited the product very well.  The quality of the DVD's were great.  A great overall gift.
0451207521|5.0|A bit of a slow starter, but within a few chapters it really had my attention.      Ken Follet has a knack for creating interesting characters that really draw you in, and Jackdaws is no exception.  What fun to read a story of espionage and war with a great cast of female characters.  At the end of the story I wanted to know what happens to the women who survived their missions.      I'd love to see a post-war sequel to this story.
B000YMBBH0|4.0|I didn't think these movies were gonna be any good, but after watching them all, and experiencing an awesome combination of Hi-def picture and DTS-EX sound, they were great. The music is catchy and the story moves at a rapid pace. Highly recommended.
B00004XMTJ|5.0|This is an incredible show to watch. We saw this production live in Memphis years ago and bought the video at the show. Our kids were small and watched the tape until they wore it out. I bought this DVD because we can never get enough of this show. If you enjoy broadway shows, especially musicals, you will absolutely love this show. It is great!!!!
B000V1Y43W|5.0|This movie was AMAZING on Blu Ray.  The backgrounds and scenery look real!  The movie it's self also has a great story line.  LOVED IT!
B000YXMMAE|5.0|Let me start out by saying that this is the best rock album since Arcade Fire's 'Funeral', perhaps even before that. This album's focus is stunning -  never presenting more or less than is required. That's not to say that the music is average. In fact, it's some of the best music that Radiohead has ever recorded.     The album may be a little too concise... another good track would've served the album well. But every track on here is killer.    If I had to pick one album that summed up Radiohead, this would probably be the one. You can hear elements from every period in Radiohead's history. There are elements of 'OK Computer' in \\"Bodysnatchers\\", 'Amnesiac' in \\"15 Step\\", 'Kid A' in \\"Nude\\", 'The Bends' in \\"Jigsaw Falling Into Place\\"... ect. And some tracks, such as \\"All I Need\\" present something completely new. The aforementioned track sarcastically borders on the edge of funk, accompanied by Thom Yorke at his most forthright lyrically. Introducing the second half of the album is \\"Faust Arp\\", which is seemingly a musical roadblock. It doesn't last for long, but you'll remember it while you're listening to the rest of the album.     When Radiohead hits on this album, they hit hard. The aggressive strings on \\"Jigsaw Falling Into Place\\" seem to pop you in the mouth. A little more than halfway through \\"Nude\\", Yorke lets out a yell that will make you feel all the heartache in the world. From the 'denial' in \\"House of Cards\\" to being eaten by the worms in \\"Weird Fishes/Arpeggi\\", In Rainbows is an album that's hard to forget.
B000ATQYT2|5.0|Great DVD.  My family and I watch it every Christmas Eve.  It is great entertainment for the whole family.
B000IZJZLM|5.0|Il Divo is downloaded to my PC at work so that when the attorneys and others around me begin to invade my space a little too much, I simply put on my headset and drift away with \\"my guys\\" for a while.  The music calms my soul.
B000CNFC76|5.0|We have watched this movie on TV many times. It is a good movie.We just want to own the DVD, so we can watch it without commercial or miss some part of it.
B000O174CM|4.0|I felt so positive after the movie was done. I went through several emotions. I laughed! I got angry! I was saddened. I believed these characters and that's what makes this a wonderful movie. Jennifer Hudson was awe-inspiring as Effie.
B000NA2BEU|5.0|This is a great series and I have watched the entire season two times already. I love the honesty of the show. If you love detective movies you will love this one. Kristen Bell is a great actress.
B000WCDI64|5.0|I really enjoy this DVD.  Part of it is a concert, so you kind of get the live-show thing going, and part of it is a documentary with interviews (including one with her father as he's driving around London in his taxi) and behind-the-scenes action.  I'm a huge fan of Amy Winehouse so she can just do no wrong in my opinion.  I'm waiting for some more DVD's!
B00006CXSS|5.0|We traveled to Normandy after and during the watching of this movie. It as a great movie experience and even more fulfilling if you plan on visiting Normandy. We borrowed this movie from friends the first time and shortly realized we had to have it for ourselves also. A must buy for anyone interested in learning about WWII.
B00005JOHC|5.0|I purchased this as a Christmas gift and it was perfect, fast shipping, care was giving in packaging.  This was a great purchase and gift, Thanks.
B000I5X81K|2.0|A very disappointing offering from Josh Groban. I enjoyed his first two CD's very much, but this one made me sorry that I did ordered it based upon the ones I already have.
B00005JNEW|5.0|Great movie, especially for those football buffs.  Billy Bob is excellent.  Realistic and heartwarming movie.
0767811070|4.0|Amazon had this movie listed as a widescreen with 5.1 when it was really only a full screen version with dolby 2.0 only. Still a good movie though.
B000WCDI64|5.0|I ordered this dvd for my husband who is a big Amy Winehouse fan.  I watched it with him and it is a truly great concert dvd.  The music is awesome.  She has a lot of commentary in it (during her performance) which is funny.  Loved it!
0307387178|5.0|I really liked this book. I felt that Krakauer really researched this and let you in on the type of person that would do this. He was especially transparent with his own obsessions and life. He researches other wild men who did exactly what Chris did.     Good read!
B000MRAAJM|5.0|What an amazing DVD series.  The photography is outstanding-you feel like you are there.  The program is extremely informative.  You come away with a different perspective of our world and the wonders that are in it.
0375812024|5.0|Find Lowly Worm on every page!  This is a game we play when we read any of Richard Scarry's books.  Scarry illustrates his books with so many interesting things so that teaching new vocabulary words to a baby or toddler is easy and fun.   Entertaining and educational - you can't go wrong with Richard Scarry and Lowly Worm!
B000EMGAOY|5.0|Great album. I have listened to it often since I bought it a month ago. Each time I play it I like it better and better. Good for listening to every word or for playing in the background.
B00008EY9G|5.0|Excellent! It's one you must own. I own this but got it for a gift. They loved it.
B000WGZGNS|5.0|As an older customer, I have always admired Beyonce' but never attended her concerts or purchased her music. When I saw the BET presentation of this concert I had to have a DVD for my collection. She was fantastic. It is obvious that she is an entertainer who really loves doing what the Lord has blessed her to do and that is \\"ENTERTAIN\\". God Bless you Beyonce' on future endeavors.
1582701709|3.0|This book is very well produced and is full of interesting ideas but overall I feel that it was slightly disappointing. Its message is a mixture of materialism and spirituality - and the spirituality seems compromised by the concept of wish fulfillment and satisfying limitless desires. True spirituality lies in being content within yourself, and overcoming unnecessary desires.         Comment   Permalink   Was this review helpful to you?  (Report this)
B0010ZR160|4.0|\\"Gone Baby Gone\\" is a film that has shown up on a couple of top ten lists for the year (it clocks in at a respectable number six on Richard Roeper's).  The big surprise is that Ben Affleck, of all people, directed.  His brother Casey stars and is quite charasmatic in a role that would seem to work against type.  He plays Patrick Kenzie, a private detective who, with his girlfriend (and partner), specializes in missing persons cases, and is a textbook case of what the critics like to call the \\"moral center\\" of the film.  Not that the morality of the decision he has to make at the end of the film is all that debatable.  Apart from some mumbling and a couple of incoherencies in the plot, the story of the kidnapping of a little girl managed to hold my attention for two hours.  Affleck is a genuinely watchable presence (he barely registered for me in \\"Gerry,\\" the only other film I'm aware of him from), and Morgan Freeman phones in his usual charasmatic fifteen minutes.  Off-screen couple Ed Harris and Amy Madigan are both welcome additions to the cast, although Madigan (as Aunt \\"Bea\\") disappears all too early in the film.  I also liked seeing John (\\"Beverly Hills Cop\\") Ashton back on the screen. Some of the supporting characters redefine \\"white trash\\"--it's not just for cinematic Southerners anymore--but the film generally manages to rise above chiches and is well worth a matinee ticket or a DVD rental.
0618918248|4.0|Dawkins is excellent at exposing the absurdity of many religious beliefs and at how easily they crumble when exposed to reason. But where I feel the book is a little disappointing is in Dawkins' attempts to explain why religious beliefs are so powerful and so ubiquitous. In my view, he doesn't understand the full implications of the `consoling' aspect of religion, or understand the psychological need that many human beings have for the sense of purpose, meaning and security which religion provides (even though based on an illusion). Religions developed in times when human life was incredibly difficult - usually very short and full of disease, violence, hunger and poverty. Life is still like this for many people in the world -and the function of religion is to provide some consolation for this suffering, and the illusion that a `higher power' has control over the random chaos of our lives. There is a very enlightening view of the psychological origins of religion in a great book called The Fall by Steve Taylor. It has a chapter called `The Origins of God' which is one of the most convincing explanations of religion I have read.
B000002QWD|5.0|By far, one of my favorite Christmas singers & actors. This album was what I expected.  It's a great remastered version.
078322737X|5.0|It was great to watch this classic again.  There are so many stars to be in this movie it was great to see them again when they were so young.  Richard Dreyfus, Harrison Ford and future director to be Ron Howard, with lots of hair just to mention a few.  If you enjoy classic hot rods from the late 50's and early 60's this movie is loaded with them.    The story line fits todays'time as much as it did when the movie was originally made.
044024238X|5.0|This is the first Sophie Kinsella book I have read.  I was drawn to it by the main character's initial job.  The author has the frantic pace of contract negotiations spot on.  I, too, did that job for over twenty years and have chucked it for the life of a real domestic goddess (just ask my husband!) While I did have some of the basics down, for the most part I had to learn or relearn a lot of the things that Samantha does in this book.<br /><br />Funny, funny, funny.  I kept laughing out loud while I was reading - so much so my DH has nabbed the book for his next read.  I will certainly be purchasing more of Ms. Kinsella's books in very short order.  It is always wonderful to find a new author to enjoy.
B000FP2Z0S|5.0|These guys rock. I love this cd. I can't stop playing it. The guitar riffs are freaking sweet. These guys have become one of my favorites. I'm shocked they aren't as well known as a band like Green Day. In my opinion these guys are better than Green Day. I can get sick of Green Day but not this. I think these guys are alot like Fuel. One of the most under rated bands out there. They deserve so much credit.
B000PTYUQG|5.0|When Columbia (CBS) decided to record all the works of Stravinsky conducted by the composer, it became one of the most spoken about ventures during the 60s and 70s. I remember the vinyl box set and how I wished I had the extra money to acquire this set. Now Sony has remastered the sessions on CD. These are awesome performances of some of the greatest music written in the 20th Century.
B000W4KT64|5.0|This show was laugh out loud funny. The cast is great. If you like a good musical this one is up there. Amanda Bynes was perfect. She is smoking hot and knows hot to deliver the laughs. She showed some real talent in this movie. John Travolta was was alot of fun to watch. He knows how to do a musical.
630349255X|5.0|It's probably okay to think when viewing this film, but I have found it more rewarding to just sit back, let it wash over you, and soak it up like a sponge...stopping to think along the way will cause you to miss whatever comes next...the time for thinking is AFTER viewing Baraka, one of the most visually stunning films made.  Then watch Kurosawa's Dreams for some more visual stimulation w/ a few tricks thrown in.
B000001ELD|1.0|This is not the worst, but it comes close. I really think the only good one was Ace Frehley.    Only RadioActive is any good. It is not a heavy album. People wishing for heavy metal are going to be very dissapointing.    Gene hired a lot of help, and it still sucks. I think this is his worst material ever written. This set the road for the Elder, that is when Kiss's popularity sunk to an all time low.
B000XUUQQK|3.0|A slasher diguised as a supernatural flick that works as a standalone, but fails as a sequel. Decent deaths and a suprising amount of gore keeps the viewer watching. Worth a check if you're looking for a watchable straight to DVD slasher.
B000YXMMAE|5.0|With In rainbows Radiohead return to a more melodic and mature sound.  In this album radiohead feel more comfortable with themselves and the music sounds more warm and heartfelt than ever.
B000P6YNSE|4.0|I have LOST 1st and 2nd episodes as well and this one is as good as the other sets. It's always good to watch full episodes without the commercial breaks and to rehash what happened last season to get ready for this season. The extras gave enough info to satisfy the need to watch the next season. Can't wait until Jan 31!! SEASON 4!!
B000K15VSA|5.0|[[ASIN:B000K15VSA Blade Runner (Five-Disc Ultimate Collector's Edition)]]    If you want it all, this is it!  Well packaged arrangement.  I wanted all 5 discs, and this is the only way to get them.  I'm not sure of the value of all the little extras (Unicorn, Spinner Car model, etc.), but there they are.
B000VWYJ86|4.0|The title says it all.  The first one was the best but this one is a close 2nd.  Recommended.
B000A3DFZE|1.0|The lyrics might as well of come from a pleasant housewife shortly after digesting a particularly interesting issue of People magazine. This album is squarely for people who enjoy pasteurized reggae, Pat Boone soul and musak blues. The production is glossy, unbearably plastic impersonations of lively musicianship.  In short, the album has no soul. This music is best enjoyed while chatting with your elderly aunts and uncles over crackers and cheap, imitation cheese.  Avoid at all costs and enjoy your shopping experience.
0743289684|5.0|Terrific cover: Ayaan Hirsi Ali resolutely looks straight at the camera, defiant. Refusing to avert her eyes or show the necessary submission. She is an apostate; a very brave woman.<br /><br />And a great writer: there are many remarkable things about Infidel but none more so than that it's written by a self-declared thick kid (methinks she doth protest too much) in a third (or even fourth) language. Yet is still as gripping and beautifully executed as many ghost-written memoirs. I picked this up on holiday when my wife finished it and was curiously flipping through the first few pages - it's not my kind of book, really - but was immediately drawn in, and raced through the rest of the book in less than a week. Along the way I learned a lot of recent African history and some good information on how Islamic societies are set up - perhaps based on a jaundiced view, given her conclusions, but still, I thought, a fairly and clearly represented one.<br /><br />I have two remarks - not intended as criticisms, but rather as observations: First, to state the obvious, Ali has re-constructed her life story through the prism of, and with the benefit of, a subsequently gained appreciation of the Western enlightenment tradition. This perspective, when she navigated her childhood in Mogadishu, Mecca, and Nairobi was simply not available to her, on her own account. But it surely casts a different shadow; by dint of the hindsight it affords, Ali inevitably renders images and draws conclusions which differ from those she must have held at the time. I couldn't help feeling that the early history - perhaps while cataloguing dates and events accurately, must contain a large element of revision in its complexion. Only this can explain the apparent disconnect between her political thesis (that the principal victims of the Muslim socialisation are, principally, women) and her observation that the dominant female characters of her youth were the most unyielding enforcers of oppressive disciplines (including genital mutilation) and themselves remained sincerely and unresentfully devoted to principles Ali (subsequently) deemed beyond the pale. Ali doesn't seriously explore this anomaly, but I think it is in need of discussion for her case to be made out.<br /><br />Secondly, and like most of the combatants in the jousts over religion that play in literary circles these days, she renounces Islam but not the religious disposition, which she takes up just as assiduously (as proselytes tend to) for the cause of atheism. So Islam isn't true; instead, she argues, libertarianism is. But this strikes me as a leap from the frying pan into the fire. Ali's faith in the enlightenment and dismissal of cultural  relativism (which frequent readers may know I happen to quite like) - and its evil spawn, multiculturalism - strike me as glib, thinly argued and somewhat dogmatic in their bearing. Neither relativism not multiculturalism demands submission to foreign cultures for the sake of it, and if the social exclusion of muslim refugee communities that Ali describes in Holland is a result of truly multicultural policies, then they've been pretty poorly implemented. There may have been some rather feeble liberal hand-wringing going on, but I don't think that can be laid at Multiculturalism's door.<br /><br />New York, where I gather she now lives, is a multicultural centre with the sort of robust disposition she clearly approves of. So is London. Perhaps it was her misfortune to land in Holland first.<br /><br />These quibbles aside, this is a thoughtful and stimulating read.<br /><br />Olly Buxtonng genital mutilation) and themselves remained sincerely and unresentfully devoted to principles Ali (subsequently) deemed beyond the pale. Ali doesn't seriously explore this anomaly, but I think it is in need of discussion for her case to be made out.    Secondly, and like most of the combatants in the jousts over religion that play in literary circles these days, she renounces Islam but not the religious disposition, which she takes up just as assiduously (as proselytes tend to) for the cause of atheism. So Islam isn't true; instead, she argues, libertarianism is. But this strikes me as a leap from the frying pan into the fire. Ali's faith in the enlightenment and dismissal of cultural  relativism (which frequent readers may know I happen to quite like) - and its evil spawn, multiculturalism - strike me as glib, thinly argued and somewhat dogmatic in their bearing. Neither relativism not multiculturalism demands submission to foreign cultures for the sake of it, and if the social exclusion of muslim refugee communities that Ali describes in Holland is a result of truly multicultural policies, then they've been pretty poorly implemented. There may have been some rather feeble liberal hand-wringing going on, but I don't think that can be laid at Multiculturalism's door.    New York, where I gather she now lives, is a multicultural centre with the sort of robust disposition she clearly approves of. So is London. Perhaps it was her misfortune to land in Holland first.    These quibbles aside, this is a thoughtful and stimulating read.    Olly Buxton
B000YMBBH0|4.0|Cool.  They look great in HD.  I actually preordered the trilogy before I had an HDDVD player (I now have the Xbox 360 add-on) Since Ultimatum was in HD and standard DVD I was worth the upgrade to get them all.     They look amazing on my 42\\" 1008p LCD.  Shipping was a little late, but I guess you can expect that from a preorder.  (3 or 4 days after the \\"expected\\" ship date)
B00026WU3M|5.0|Despite what I constantly read about how barren Dylan's work was during the 1980's, it remains my favorite era of his. \\"Oh Mercy\\" was a perfect end to a terribly misunderstood but creatively brilliant period. Definitely a masterpiece.
158270208X|5.0|Everything that I saw on the internet advertising this journal was exactly what I recieved. I am so delighted with my purchase!
B0002858YS|5.0|I am loving this cd!  I bought this for my husband but keep taking it out of his car so that I can listen to it!  :)
159562015X|4.0|We used this book for our monthly meeting; each of our employees did the online quiz to find their top five strengths; It was amazing how accurate the strengths were.  It helped you learn and understand each person; also it helps to know their potential at work, how to manage them according to their strengths.  This is a great book!
0375842209|5.0|Do not read this book at work or in a public setting.  That's what I've done and I've had to fight back so many tears provoked by the sadness, the beauty, and the utter wonder of this novel that has touched me in so many ways.  I read a great deal and can honestly say that this is without a doubt one of the best books I've ever read.  It's so good that when I try to explain it to others I find that I inevitably fail.  How can I possibly paraphrase this simply incredible masterpiece?  This book has won many awards and, in fact, deserves to win every award that exists.  It's breathtakingly, unbelievably outstanding and Markus Zusak is an author of boundless talent.  This book has so many layers to it and I will do my best to touch upon a few.    As a coming of age tale, this book is outstanding.  Its sensitive portrayal of Liesel is very affecting and moving.  The story begins with her arrival, at age ten, at the doorstep of the Hubermanns, who will foster her in exchange for a stipend from the government.  Though the first part is perhaps slower than the rest of the book, it is nonetheless beautifully written.  Liesel's slow unfurling is a pleasure to read and the author treats her with a very loving touch.  The unconventional narrator follows her throughout her life and had this book been nothing more than the story of four years of Liesel's life, it would still have been an outstanding work.  Her trials and tribulations, her triumphs and her setbacks are felt deeply by the reader.  She is a character about whom is it impossible not to care.  What's more, she is surrounded by a cast of colorful and equally lovable characters.  Though they are flawed and sometimes downright awful, Zusak writes them in such a non judgmental way that it's easy to see that his characters are all of us, that we all have the capacity to be mean-spirited or noble, depending on our mood and the situation.    It is also a tale of one German family's decision to put their own lives on the line in order to help a Jewish man.  The humanity of their actions speaks volumes and brings to mind all of those who actually did their utmost to help the Jewish people as an evil, fascist regime sought to erase their existence from the face of the Earth.  It is extraordinary to watch how Max gradually moves from being a mere shell to becoming human again in the face of the kindesses he is shown by Liesel and her family.  It is this dehumanization that helps to make the novel so visceral.  It's stomach churning to imagine it's possible for human beings to treat other human beings like nothing more than filth.      An equally moving aspect of this book is its portrayal of the everyday German people living under the Nazi regime.  Zusak does an amazing job of showing how many of them struggled in the face of the ferver sweeping their nation and he gives an excellent sense of the helplessness that many of them must have felt.  The smallest acts of human kindness, such as giving a bit of bread to a starving Jewish man marching back to Dachau, leads to severe repercussions for a German citizen.  Those who do not immediately join the Nazi party are subject to ostracism and even poverty.  The book speaks volumes about the struggle to survive on both sides of the fence.    Zusak's use of Death as narrator is unusual and engaging.  Death is nothing like an impartial observer and his stark observations about the things he witnesses are chilling and every bit as effective as more explicit descriptions.  Even he is bewildered by the capacity human beings have to harm one another and also to help one another.  He has a sort of reverence for the human race.    Lastly, something must be said about the great beauty of Zusak's prose.  He writes in such an innovative manner and his descriptions are spell-binding and so real they can practically be tasted.  It's rare to come across an author who can use language in such a beautiful manner and it is truly a gift.  Zusak could write a string of nonsense and write it in such a gorgeous manner that it would be a pleasure to read.  This is an author limitless potential who posseses a phenomenal amount of talent.  Everyone should read this book.  I plan on making a gift of it to many family members and friends.
0783230079|5.0|I grew up in the 80's-90's and this was a movie from my childhood. It was just as I rememebred. Terrific. It's romantic and funny.
0439882826|5.0|We bought this for our son, age 5, for Christmas and he loves it!  We pick a book every night at bedtime to read and so far this is his choice every night!
B000WZAE1I|5.0|I think that Stardust is one of the best fantastic movies in this year.  Especially Michelle Pfeiffer as a wicked witch in this movie was very impressive for me. She is very attractive. Highly recommended.
B00005JKGZ|5.0|This movie is a must see classic. They don't do them like this anymore. The golden age of Hollywood.
B000VNMMQG|5.0|I bought this movie as a Christmas present for my husband. The movie is exellent. Actors are SO believable! Video quality is good too. Price is much better than in stores.
B0000549B0|5.0|[[ASIN:B0000549B0 Harvey]]  Great classic!  Nice to have it on DVD.  Thanks for making these old films available!
0142004235|4.0|In Steinbeck's masterful retelling of the biblical story of Cain and Abel, he explores the meaning behind the idea behind the meaning of his interpretation of timshel and the passing of the original sin through the experiences of the Trask and Hamilton family.     Writing as the descendant of the third generation descendant of the Hamiltons, Steinbeck weaves the two families together that are drawn towards the rich and fertile farmlands in California. Steinbeck's book is divided into a series of four parts, each focusing on the different characters in the book. The first part tells of Adam and Charles Trask growing up under the care of their father Cyrus, a swindler and a liar who at his death wills a large sum of money to be divided into half to each of his sons. The money, gained from shady dealings, would represent the passing of sin from father to son, much like that of the biblical Adam to his offspring, Cain and Abel. Furthermore, much like how God favors Abel over Cain in the biblical story, Steinbeck applies the same parallels and character traits to Adam and Charles.    Steinbeck's most prevailing focus would be on Adam's children, Aron, who is basically a happy-go-lucky kind of person and Cal, who is dark, brooding, and manipulative, much like his mother... and this you will need to read out for yourself! As the story progresses, it is Cal, who the story centers on the most and it is revealed that he has a sensitive and intimate side and wishes to be more like his brother. It is through him, that Steinbeck is able to convey his interpretation of his prevalent theme, timshel that thou mayest, that people have the will to choose their life. Although at the story's conclusion, the same chain of events occur as in the biblical story, Steinbeck offers deeper insight with his story as it is in fact the characters of the story that changed, which made this one wholesome ending.    Don't get intimidated by the book's hefty size, although it starts off rather slowand may at times be quite boring due to Steinbeck's sometimes rather simplistic details in his prose, but if one has the will to toil on, he or she can find himself in a position where it his two hours past midnight and still want to read more because of the interesting character development and come to admire Steinbeck's simple, yet powerful use of language.    Though initially I thought that this book would be long and tedious and only read the book because of it was an assignment, I finished the book with a sense of contentment and satisfaction that had long been extinct from previous experiences with some of the \\"required\\" literature.
0316067598|2.0|The combat story is gripping and provides some insights into what our front-line troops must face in Afghanistan. The author's repetitive bashing of the \\"liberal media\\" for somehow making his combat mission more difficult is a needless distraction and really degrades the story. I appreciate the author's heroism in combat and his service to the country. He dishonors himself with the blame game, however.
0345350499|2.0|Although The New York Times Book Review calls it \\"A monumental reimagining of the Arthurian legends\\", it is only that as Marion Bradley's writing is superficial at most with barely any character development as most of the characters remained static from beginning to end. At most, the only thing I found interesting behind her story was the fact that it provided a unique perspective from the eyes of the female protagonist Morgaine, whereas she is portrayed as the antagonist in most other Arthurian legends.    I began this book as a summer reading assignment and chose to read it on a plane. Needless to say, the nine-hundred page book toiled on and on and I think it actually made time seem to freeze in that plane as it was that boring.    Bradley placed too much emphasis on making the plot stay consistent with the Arthurian tales of old and placed too little on the enormous amounts of characters packed within the book, which made it seem uninteresting to read. For me, reading this book was pretty repetitive, as in every incident Bradley focuses the spotlight on Morgaine and attempts to justify her actions.    Don't get me wrong, by the end of the book, which took me a long, long, long time to get there, I was fully convinced that Morgaine was actually a good character. Maybe it's because of this book being my first Arthurian literature before reading the other works, which altered my views of Morgaine... but anyways her interpretation of the story was plausible in that the Christian views were slowly taking over paganism, which resulted in a last resort move by the Old Religion, this motive is understandable.    Don't buy this book thinking that it would be filled with battles between dragons and magic flying around. It heavily relies on dialogue on politics and love as the causes for many of the outcomes in the story. I would not advise kids to read it because I feel that its content may be a bit too explicit sometimes.
B00006CXSS|5.0|One of the best mini-series ever created.  Acting, production, emotional impact, are all outstanding.
0679601686|5.0|I have read a lot of different books.  This is my all time favorite, I have read it several times in just a few months.
B000AP04OM|5.0|I ordered The Sound of Music for my granddaughter.  We watched it together over Christmas.  It was delivered promptly and in excellent condition.  I was very pleased and will order again the next time I need a hard to find gift.  C. Rogers, Auburn, AL
B00005JMFQ|5.0|This is by far the best movie for the holidays ever enjoyed in my 61 years on this earth!
B0001FUHV6|2.0|You would think that a CD about the film The Piano would feature, (dare I suggest it!)um, piano music but instead, this CD featured some wierd chamber music that really should stay there--in a chamber.  Discordant, directionless and eerie, I was very dissapointed. The film was terrific but the CD was not.
0307387151|3.0|I hear that this writer is terrific, yet I can't seem to engage in his books. After trying to get into it three times, I basically sped-read through the first half, got to the core issue of the book, and read it from there, while still skimming and skipping. It's very tedious. I'm looking forward to the movie.
B000W04S6U|5.0|If you played Halo 3, you known that the soundtrack really sets the mood. There's not much to say otherwise. It's perfect, and you can tell there is no corners cut making it. Just pure beautiful music.
B000ATQYT2|5.0|I had this movie on VHS and wanted to get on DVD as well.  The kids and I love watching this every Christmas.  It has a nice blend of real people and Muppets to keep everyone entertained.  Brian Henson did a great job!
0375823360|4.0|His Dark Materials trilogy was a fun series of books to read.  Unfortunately the movie didnt do as well when it released in the US since the producers decided to dance around the Church references and trying to create a movie for all to see.  Personally if they stayed true to the book I would have liked it better.   I guess if Star Wars were to come out today they would have to rethink the use of the Force and what the Force was.  The books themselves I liked because they were a compromise between paperback and hardcovers... A softcover with larger text than in paperbacks.  The story is a fast read and I would imagine that all the people who liked the Harry Potter series would also enjoy this one.
B000W9EOEC|5.0|Besides the occasional cheering from the crowd in the background you cannot deny this album; Daft Punk is unstoppable. This live Daft Punk album takes everything you've heard from them and paints a very different and varied sound scape that you can listen to over and over.
0226264211|5.0|I was just re-reading this book and find Friedman's arguments to be rigorous and logical. Friedman mercilessly questions the assumptions of the rigid ideologues of the left and of progressive-liberalism, and offers a program for change.  When Friedman wrote this book in the 1960s, his ideas were ridiculed.  Today, they are widely known and respected, but sadly still ignored by both major political parties.  Were every prescription Friedman offers adopted, there would be much less income inequality; the country would be several times wealthier; there would be much more innovation; and the country have much greater economic stability. There would be far more job opportunities for the young, and far greater economic security for the old.  It is truly a tragedy that Friedman's ideas have been read, misunderstood and largely ignored in favor of the rigidly ideological opinions of our reactionary progressive-liberals.
B000002J1X|4.0|This is a good addition to your collection if you like early Yes.  It is better than the debut album, but not as good as The Yes Album that followed it.  I would get The Yes Album, Fragile and Close to the Edge first if you are building your collection.
B000021Y77|5.0|A T.S. Eliot quote. A swinging pendulum and spinning hands on a monstrous clock. Countless faded figures moving quickly by.<br /><br />And in the center of the crush, a man in a cop uniform says (in German), \\"The ball is round. The game lasts 90 minutes. That's a fact. Everything else is pure theory.\\" He kicks it into the sky.<br /><br />Well, Tom Tykwer certainly knows how to get our attention. And it's only a few minutes in the kinetic, high-octane, colourful world of \\"Run Lola Run\\" -- a wild action/romance that studies the ripple effect of our lives, and the changes we can make in the name of love.<br /><br />Lola (Franka Potente) receives a call from her boyfriend Manni (Moritz Bleibtreu), a drug courier. Because Lola's moped was stolen, Manni had to take the subway home -- and he accidentally left behind a bag of money. Now he has twenty minutes to somehow get 100,000 marks, or his boss Ronnie is going to kill him.<br /><br />Lola races across Berlin to her father's bank -- only to find him with his mistress, and hear that he's leaving his other family. Desperate, she runs to where Manni is waiting, and helps him rob a convenience store. But as they flee, the police catch up to them -- and Lola is shot.<br /><br />\\"But I don't want to. I don't want to leave,\\" she mutters. And time rewinds to where she left her apartment -- and this time, Lola's determined to do things differently. As she runs from one end of Berlin to another, she sends ripples through the lives of those she passes -- and she'll keep running until she finds a hundred thousand marks to save herself and Manni.<br /><br />\\"Run Lola Run (Lola Rennt)\\" was what propelled Tom Tykwer to international fame. And given that his other movies tend to be slower and more dreamlike -- though no less striking visually -- this movie is striking not only for its speed, but the sweet romance and the lesson about the old \\"butterfly's wings\\" adage. (Also see: \\"Happenstance\\")<br /><br />Admittedly, a woman running through Berlin is not terribly interesting in itself. But the world of Lola is filled with brilliant rave colours -- Lola's blazing red hair, colourful room, the sights of Berlin -- and her race against the clock is punctuated by little vignettes of the future lives of various people she bumps into. That momentary contact is enough to change their lives -- sometimes for better, or worse.<br /><br />And Tykwer's style is a spicy mix -- arty shots (going through a clock mouth or  an apartment building?), German techno, cartoon interludes with an animated Lola running for it, Lola changing reality with her screeches, and the snapshots of people's futures, seen only for a second -- but very revealing. Not to mention the equally colourful, MTVesque cartoons of Lola running down stairs, evading dogs, et cetera.<br /><br />But even aside from Tykwer's artistic flair, it's a great movie -- the atmosphere is painful and taut during the scenes in the bank, including Lola's robbery. And periodically, we see some sweet red-tinted interludes of Manni and Lola in bed, discussing their feelings for each other. They're little oases of calm and love, in the middle of all the running.<br /><br />Franka Potente does a solid job as Lola, an ordinary punky girl who loves Manni more than anything, and must find the RIGHT way out of their shared dilemma. She gets some nasty surprises from her uptight, adulterous dad, though. And Bleibtreu does magnificently as Manni, who is overcome with fear, frustration and anguish because he knows that his boss is going to kill him.<br /><br />\\"Run Lola Run\\" is a kinetic, vibrant, and a romantic little look at how a moment can change your life. Everything else is pure theory.rough Berlin is not terribly interesting in itself. But the world of Lola is filled with brilliant rave colours -- Lola's blazing red hair, colourful room, the sights of Berlin -- and her race against the clock is punctuated by little vignettes of the future lives of various people she bumps into. That momentary contact is enough to change their lives -- sometimes for better, or worse.<br /><br />And Tykwer's style is a spicy mix -- arty shots (going through a clock mouth or  an apartment building?), German techno, cartoon interludes with an animated Lola running for it, Lola changing reality with her screeches, and the snapshots of people's futures, seen only for a second -- but very revealing. Not to mention the equally colourful, MTVesque cartoons of Lola running down stairs, evading dogs, et cetera.<br /><br />But even aside from Tykwer's artistic flair, it's a great movie -- the atmosphere is painful and taut during the scenes in the bank, including Lola's robbery. And periodically, we see some sweet red-tinted interludes of Manni and Lola in bed, discussing their feelings for each other. They're little oases of calm and love, in the middle of all the running.<br /><br />Franka Potente does a solid job as Lola, an ordinary punky girl who loves Manni more than anything, and must find the RIGHT way out of their shared dilemma. She gets some nasty surprises from her uptight, adulterous dad, though. And Bleibtreu does magnificently as Manni, who is overcome with fear, frustration and anguish because he knows that his boss is going to kill him.<br /><br />\\"Run Lola Run\\" is a kinetic, vibrant, and a romantic little look at how a moment can change your life. Everything else is pure theory.
B00009Z576|4.0|This album is better than I remembered.  Not the best Yes album, but it like it and recommend it.  It is more like 90125 than Close to the Edge or Relayer.
