630233683X|5.0|This was the second Gene Kelly film I ever saw, and it has remained my favorite. I never realized what a great actor/dancer/singer Donald O'Conner was, either! (He literaly runs up walls on &quot;Make 'Em Laugh&quot;, a  hilarious song using every classic comedy routine ever) &quot;Moses  Supposes&quot; is one of the films best numbers (the choreography on it is  exceptional, not to mention funny), along with &quot;Good Morning&quot;  and, of course, &quot;Singin' in the Rain&quot; (Kelly's voice on this is  one of the best I've ever heard.) Another great one, although having  nothing to actually do with the plot of the movie besides the fact that  it's in the movie within the movie - you get what I mean - is &quot;The  Broadway Melody&quot;. The music, the dancing, the acting... I can't stress  how wonderful this movie is. If you love Gene Kelly, Donald O'Connor,  Debbie Reynolds, or if you just apreciate song and dance, you must see this  movie.
B00003RQNJ|4.0|I, along with 100 godzillion others, saw this movie when it first came out.  &quot;Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid&quot; was the ultimate date movie--romance for the women, action for the men, and a most curious (and  satisfying) blend of dramatic and comic dialogue that had everybody talking  about it.  Interesting, too, how popular the film was despite its downbeat  ending.  Would the film end a different way if made today? The DVD version  is beautiful to watch.  Movies made in and about the American West have to  be seen in widescreen format to appreciate the gorgeous vistas.  This film  is no exception. Great teams are a stroke of luck, in sports and in movies.   The history of the star search to fill the principle roles of Butch and  Sundance says a lot about how capricious the casting of films must be.   Impossible to imagine our pop culture today if anyone else had played the  Sundance Kid.  It's unfortunate that Katherine Ross did not enjoy the same  follow-on success that Redford did.  Her interview on DVD was the most  enlightening, perhaps because the rest has become part of the Butch and  Sundance movie folklore. I, like many others, do not enjoy the Bacharach  soundtrack.  But, it is a great part of why the movie is so unique.  It is  a departure from the western genre, like the script.  No one had heard a  bouncy latin beat in an American western soundtrack before, just as nobody  had ever seen a cowboy hero kick someone in the balls.  Audiences walked  away from theaters whistling &quot;Raindrops..&quot; despite themselves.  The film has aged well because it is a timeless story.  These were turn of  the century people who hadn't kept up with the changes.  Staying in the  United States where change was coming fastest meant imminent death.  So,  they denied the future and tried to escape to a place where change was  coming a little slower, where their outdated bankrobbing methodologies  still worked.  And, ironically, they died young but in the oldfashioned  way.<br />The dialogue between Butch and Sundance hasn't lost its snap.  The  energy that radiates from Newman, Redford and Ross still seems genuine.   The photography is flawless. Last, but not least, this film has the best  western shoot out ever filmed.
6305426651|5.0|A beautifully told story of an Italian Jewish man who is taken to a  concentration camp with his son and wife.  While there he tries to make his  son's and his wife's life better.  A powerful and moving story of love and  devotion.  Roberto Begnini plays the part wonderfully, and deserved the  Academy Awards he won for the movie.
0451160916|5.0|This is by far Stephen King's best work and one of the best novels I've ever read.  It is not about a haunted hotel, a psychic child, or even madness and alcoholism, though it contains all of those elements.  It is,  simply put, about a father's love for his son.  The motion picture, while  scary in its own right, did not do justice to the story; conversely King's  adaptation for ABC was truer and scarier.  He even tweaked the ending a  little, resulting in a powerful tug at any father's heartstrings.  If you  only read one King book, this is the one.
B000003TA4|3.0|Like &quot;Never Mind the Bollocks&quot;, this is a handful of world-beating singles packaged with a boatload of abrasive filler.  How any band regurgitating 1983-vintage Replacements (with heroin substituted for  alcohol) got credited with a musical revolution (which lasted all of four  years) is beyond me.  Don't get me wrong - I own it, along with forty or  fifty records it parrots.
630587493X|5.0|Someone new has joined the Martin family:  a robot named Andrew.  As his service with the family progressed over 200 years Andrew yearns to become a real human being.
B00004ST9P|4.0|I have to say that I am impressed with the DVD sound and her videos.  I am dissappointed because the videos to &quot;Miracle&quot;, &quot;Love Will Save the Day&quot;, &quot;My Name is not Susan&quot; are missing as well as  the top 10 singles &quot;Exhale Shoop Shoop&quot; and &quot;I Believe in  You and Me&quot; and my favorite &quot;Count on Me&quot; They did include  &quot;Queen of the Night&quot; which was never a single.  All in all I  think it is a good collection.
B0000029LG|5.0|This collection is what I call Evergreen Music. It defies time and genres. This collection is Michael Jackson's lesser known but one of the most original (jackson like). This artist has given a unique identity to pop and  this is where it all started. One of my all time favorite collection.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I'm 19. Male. Jaded. I've heard it all (most of it) before, and have come to love such high-concept masterpieces as Dark Side of the Moon, mind-opening acts like The Doors, as well as the classics of contemporary  music, namely PJ Harvey's To Bring You My Love, Nirvana's Nevermind, and...  say... Bjork's Debut. <br />But I have never heard anything as atmospheric,  sophisticated, and musically rewarding as Radiohead's undeniable  masterpiece, OK COMPUTER. Every song on it is perfect. Thom Yorke and the  boys create dimensions and soundscapes that haven't been touched before,  and they do it on every track. From the unusual time signature of the  opening track Airbag, to the lush harmonies of the sweeping epic Paranoid  Android, to the band's haunting ode to the boomerang of disappointment,  Karma Police, to the stark sonic landscapes of The Tourist, the album  simply blooms. Radiohead has made more than a contribution to music; they  have laid down the law of where music has been, where it is, and where it  will go. There are sounds on this record that will be embedded into your  memory on the very first listen, and some songs that will elude you until  you are ready to receive them, and trust me, you will. If you listen  carefully.<br />Do not presume to judge this record on its critical raves  alone, or by your own comparative analysis. They did not make an easy, or  easily definable, record. Instead, they chose the more difficult, and  infinitely more rewarding road of making a moody, dark, sad concept album.  <br />And the concept should at least be clear: Radiohead seek to dislodge all  your utopian ideas of freedom and control in a world of fast-paced,  internet-obsessed culture. Obviously, there is little joy here, but OK  Computer does not pretend to be anything it is not. An aural 1984, OK  Computer celebrates nothing, but for all its Orwellian anxiety, it still  comes off as a beautiful, and eloquent, journey. Please do not let yourself  be too close-minded, or scared, to take it.<br />Please feel free to respond.  As Ok Computer demonstrates so beautifully, this world is nothing without a  little scrutiny.
0688170528|5.0|This is THE best book I have ever read!    I have never felt in the skin of charactors like I was in this book.  There are scenes in this book that come back days, weeks and even months after I read this book. There are so  many layers in this book.  So many questions to ponder so many what  if's--just like real life. Jodi Picoult is one of the best writers out  there today and she deserves to be read.
B000001ABD|5.0|I never knew Steve Wonder had that many hits. I didnt know so many people took his words and music. He really is a genius. I now understand why he is always at award shows and getting awards too. I was born in 1980 and didnt  recognize good music until I started to buy old school stuff like Earth  Wind and Fire, Cameo, Prince and Micheal Jackson(the black Mike)
B00003CX96|5.0|Like most of the other reviewers, I loved this movie since I first saw it. It was recommended by a friend years ago when first came out in the theaters--a &quot;little&quot; picture that touches your heart and reminds  you of all the dreams you had before you grew up, became cynical and world  wise. What happened to all that? At the end of the movie, you hope Dave is  able to keep at least a bit of that feeling of optimism, triumph and  invincibility in the future. This is what more movies should do--celebrate  the human spirit in both large and small ways.
B000062YAZ|5.0|Slayer's \\"Reign in Blood\\" stands as one of the best and most influential thrash metal albums of all time, not to mention one of the most intense.  This entire album is about nothing more than shoving white-hot waves of uncompromising sound right down your throat.  However, in the process, they also manage to make an album that is well-thought-out and musically interesting, with tons of riffs and rhythm changes to keep you on your toes.<br /><br />Furthermore, do not be deterred by this album's short length.  I like to think of it as a 60-minute album compacted into 30.  There are so many different things going on here, you won't be able to believe the songs aren't longer than they are.  It's like an album of regular length, played at twice the speed, while losing nothing in the process.  That, to me, is what makes this album so amazing.<br /><br />When it comes to straight-up, in your face, take no prisoners thrash, this album is hands-down one of the best.  There's nothing else like it, and there never will be.
0767903854|5.0|Bill Bryson's &quot;Sunburned Country&quot; is an incredibly funny and informative account of Australia. &quot;The Great Barrier Reef contains at least 1500 species of fish, 400 types of coral and 4000 varieties of  molluscs, but those are essentially just guesses&quot; says Mr Bryson. He  then goes on to say that no one has ever attempted a comprehensive survey  because the Great Barrier Reef is just &quot;too big a job&quot;.<br />Like  all his other accounts of travel around the world, the narrator's sarcasm  is very evident and this leaves the reader in stitches. &quot;Sunburned  Country&quot;is an extremely enjoyable and fascinating read. I also  recommend Mr Bryson's other books such as &quot;Notes from a Small  Island&quot; and &quot;The Lost Continent&quot;.
B000002H3E|5.0|As other reviewers have already stated, this is Dokken at their best.  While some of the songs on Under Lock &amp; Key border on &quot;typical&quot; sappy hair metal (&quot;Don't Lie To Me&quot; and  &quot;Jaded Heart&quot;), you still have plenty of songs with a metal edge  to choose from like the brilliant &quot;Unchain the Night&quot;, the  powerful &quot;It's Not Love&quot; and the dark &quot;Lightning  Strikes&quot;.  And, unlike many other hair metal bands, Dokken's ballads  don't whine and moan but, rather, they soar.<br />I don't know which bands to  compare Dokken to musically.  The Scorpions and White Lion have somewhat  similiar sounds.  I think that Dokken may have been influenced by the  Scorpions and, for that matter, Van Halen while White Lion sounds like they  were, in turn, influenced by Dokken.  Either way, Dokken was a pretty good  band and Under Lock &amp; Key is their best work.  In my opinion, Dokken  never did another album after this one that was as good.  But Dokken's  guitarist, George Lynch, did with Lynch Mob's first release, Wicked  Sensation.<br />Good music and not a bad song on the album.
0786915749|5.0|I thought this was a great book, I have not read it in about three or four years, but I still can remember it as if I read it yesterday.  I grew fond of Sturm and the knighthood.  I was (literly) heartbroken by his death, as  I was with the others.  I don't really know about everyone else, but I am  sure you laughed when they laughed, you cried when they cried, and you  loved when they loved.  Weis and Hickman didn't just introduce the world of  Krynn to readers, it brought us into the world.
B000002H97|5.0|Though the aggressive edge of their earlier work is present, this is a more refined album as Metallica streamlines their approach and boils away some of the excess that was present on ...And Justice For All (I love Justice but the band was in machine gun-mode on that album and they were often excessive and seemed too worried about technique).<br />This album retains the heaviness of earlier releases yet slows down a bit and gives us some of the band's best songwriting to date.<br />Some of my favorite songs include the grinding \\"Wherever I  May Roam\\", the heavy riffing of \\"Of Wolf and Man\\" and the  powerful \\"The Unforgiven\\".  \\"My Friend of Misery\\" ranks among Metallica's best songs.<br />After the frenzied excess of ...And Justice For All (my favorite Metallica album), the streamlined song-focused \\"Black Album\\" was--and still is--a breath of fresh air.  Metallica doesn't repeat themselves--not then, not now--and I'm glad.
0783117388|5.0|I'll start off by saying that I am not a huge fan of Sarah Jessica Parker, but this series can change even the most cynical viewer into a believer.<br />In this collection you get a dozen episodes of some of the  greatest television ever produced.  The characters are very into themselves  and there isn't a lot to know about them that can't be found on the  service.  In short, they are perfect for 90's icons.<br />If you're not into  adult oriented humor or in your face verbage then you definitely should  stay away from this one.  If that type of thing doesn't bother you, then  nothing should keep you from buying it.<br />This is one of those shows that  you will find yourself watching over and over again.  If it doesn't make  you laugh, you probably need to reevaluate your priorities, or put your  habit back on.
0375501851|5.0|I cannot remember when I last read a book at lightning speed, such is the effect of &quot;White Teeth.&quot; When I am sending e-mails to friends, raving about particular insights and passages from a novel, it's nothing  short of true love. Zadie Smith's intellect, range (as far as her ability  to appeal to the high-brow and low-brow with her diction and prose and her  ability to weave the poignant tales that represent so many different races  and cultures. . .) is mind-boggling as in &quot;I  -can't-believe-she's-(Smith)-only-24-years-old.&quot; Somehow, I think this  excitement is only matched by the time when I first introduced to the work  of  E. Danticat. Like Danticat, Smith has only given us a slight taste of  what she can do. She is a novelist that we're bound to hear so much more  about throughout her lifetime as her first novel accomplishes what more  experienced writers have failed to do:  offer a compelling, &quot;good  read&quot; that will make you laugh out loud, cry and say, &quot;Wow. What  a brilliant insight. . .&quot; Read it and spread the word. I know I have  (&amp; I just got the book in the mail yesterday! I only speed-read books  that I simply can't wait to finish!).
B000000WHX|3.0|I think every other MA fan out there will disagree w/ me, but Massive has gotten progressively better w/ each album.  Blue Lines is very good, especially in relation to the majority of music that is formulaically  churned out by so many bands, but it still doesn't compare to the brooding,  detached smolder of Mezzanine, and, in comparison, can't get the five stars  from me that so many other have given it.
B000001GK9|4.0|This is generally regarded as the great recording of the Mahler 9th, and it is very good, beautifully played and well-recorded in concert.  It's not perfect, though.  There is a clear division between the first two movements  and the last two, which are the ones that really make this outstanding.  While the first two movements are not bad in any way, there is a sense of  detachment, as if Karajan and the musicians had not quite been absorbed  into the music.  This is especially true in the opening bars of the  symphony, which seem to make or break every performance.  There is a bit of  a rush and a feeling of inflexibility, when this part should ease into life  as naturally and spontaneously as breathing in and out.  However, once the  third movement begins the group really catches fire and bring this awesome  music to a close like no one else.  This is absolutely worth having, but if  you love the piece, you'll want another as well; Barbirolli, Walter,  Bernstein, the new Zander are several fine recordings.
B00004TH6O|1.0|I can't believe this is the same guitarist that shook the earth with those thunderous riffs in Kyuss. This sounds like my worst grundge nightmare come true! There is absolutely nothing baring any resemblance to his former band  here whatsoever, so for all the Kyuss fans out there that are interested in  hearing this, save your money and borrow it from some fool(like me) who  went out and bought the blasted thing.
6305364648|4.0|I really enjoyed this movie.  While I don't think it is Cameron's best (T2 still holds that spot), it is quite good.  Be warned though, a third of the movie deals with marital issues and contains no real action during that  part.  It is not a regular action movie, particularly since it has a  plot!<br />The acting is great, and the action scenes are top notch.  Be  prepared for a thrilling movie.<br />The DVD itself is the only chink in an  otherwise perfect chain.  The image quality is excellent, and the DD5.1  soundtrack is one of the best I've heard on DVD.  My problem?  - No Extras!   It has a trailer, but I want more!  A commentary track by Cameron  (unlikely since he has yet to do one for any of his movies), a making-of  documentary, deleted scenes, etc. would have made this a great DVD.    Luckily there is talk of a Special Edition of the movie coming to DVD  sometime next year.  If it does, I won't hesitate to buy it.<br />Bottom Line:   Buy this DVD and watch a great movie.  Don't buy this DVD to find out  about the film.
B000002KIT|5.0|This is definitely Thin Lizzy's best live album. The ongoing banter from Phil is as entertaining as the music and if you listen carefully to the lyrics of the songs you might notice some funny changes(The Boys Are Back  In Town). The lead guitars are played by the best duo Thin Lizzy had during  its career- Scott Gorham and Brian Robertson- and they are amazing. And  Phil's voice is as sexy as ever. Guaranteed to make anyone fall in love  with the original rockers!
630512762X|4.0|Getting beyond the utter implausibility of the plot (Travolta could never ever ever pass for Cage, and vice versa), you'll find an entertaining movie.  The acting is decent and the gun battles are thrilling.  This isn't  one of the best movies made, but is still a good movie.  John Woo does a  better job here, than his first US movie Broken Arrow.     The DVD,  unfortunately, is disappointing.  The only extra is a single theatrical  trailer.  The DVD format is a great way to enhance the movie watching  experience, but the studio apparently didn't feel Face/Off was worth it.   Luckily the transfer is clean and crisp.  If you have the equiptment,  you'll find the Dolby Digital 5.1 track to be a great demo disc for  friends.  The bullets go flying around your head!     Bottom Line:    Despite the mediocre DVD, this film still manages to be very enjoyable.
B00000J6AG|5.0|before Moby I considered techno only music to dance to late into the night, but not to listen to on my stereo.  This disc changed that.  Stunning.  I dig porcelain, southside, run on, bodyrock and my weakness the  most.  Go Moby go.
B00001QEE9|4.0|First the movie:  Wonderful musical that is something I'll always love.  The story isn't very deep (do good things, and good things happen to you), but it comes off as fresh even 60 years after it was made.  This is one of  the better Disney movies, putting many of their movies from the 1990s to  shame (such as Pocohantas and Hercules).<br />The DVD:  Image quality is the  best I've seen it.  At first viewing, it seems too washed out, but this is  a movie from 1940, that is the way it originally looked.  And yes, it is  supposed to fill the screen.  Just like the Wizard of Oz, it was not a  widescreen movie.  Audio wise, the soundtrack has been remixed to 4 channel  audio.  It sounds okay, but won't blow you away.  <br />Supplements on the DVD  are very lacking.  Specifically you get a trailer for the movie.  The VHS  edition got a documentary about the making of this film, but that wasn't  included on the DVD.  That is disappointing.  Hopefully more extras could  be discovered and a new edition released sometime in the next few  years.<br />Bottom Line:  One of the best movies available on DVD, not one of  the best DVDs available.
B000001DYY|5.0|<br />There must have been quite a bit of growth in my life in 1993. It had taken years for me to buy Songs From the Big Chair, and I have yet to buy Sowing the Seeds of Love despite loving several of the songs. But after  hearing the first single &quot;Break It Down&quot; off of Elemental, I  rushed out and bought the release, and I loved it from the first listen. A  fantastic, serious, and mature composition, Elemental is an amazing melding  of insightful and thought-provoking lyrics with layered, unique and  wondrous orchestrations. It's still Tears for Fears, but this release took  them to a new, fantastic plane beyond where they had been before -- after  all, it's Elemental. <br />Roland Orzabal's first release without long-time  partner Curt Smith starts with the title track &quot;Elemental,&quot; a  powerful piece of truth and power that gradually grows in intensity, depth  and understanding. &quot;Cold&quot; is a deep power strum tune with lyrics  to yell along with to release the angst. Released as a single, &quot;Break  It Down Again&quot; is an anthemic piece of Tears for Fears fare that makes  you want to move and sing along with a smile on your face and a strut in  your stride. &quot;Mr. Pessimist&quot; is a silky groove with a piano riff  running through it that courses through your body as the lyrics call one to  perhaps rethink one's past given the present. A rockin' attitude song,  &quot;Dog's a Best Friend Dog&quot; seems to be telling the audience to  realize that you really are your best friend and to like yourself before  latching on to someone else for companionship. &quot;Fish Out of  Water&quot; is a powerful groove juxtaposed ethereal backing orchestrations  (likes waves on the sand) and lyrics that reminds us that &quot;You're  dreaming your life away&quot; and to wake up before we're &quot;food for  killer whales.&quot; More of a sensual piece of orchestration with very  limited lyrics, &quot;Gas Giants&quot; is slow and percolates in yourmind,  the sounds folding over themselves into a mesmerizing aural soundscape.  Starting off with ambient techno elements, &quot;Power&quot; grows with  intensity as the lyrics call out for the &quot;Power now, power wow!&quot;  within you. &quot;Brian Wilson Said&quot; is a happier up-beat homage to  the Beach Boys and old California beach rock that puts you in a  retro-sunshiny-happy-day mood, but then interludes with a smooth jazzy riff  that mellows you back out again. Elemental ends with &quot;Goodnight  Song&quot; that is a classic Tears for Fears strumming guitar power ballad  to send one off to rest, relax, and perchance to dream. <br />What is it about  Elemental that makes me give it a strong 5 star rating? Well, first and  foremost, this is a release like no other. Tears for Fears cannot be  classified -- they are who they are and sound like they sound. This release  really made me rethink music orchestration and sound as both a canvas and a  texture. The lyrics were written thoughtfully in a manner that was deep and  made one really listen, yet not so deep as to lose the overall message,  and, even better yet, they allow for individual interpretation. Not a  happy, upbeat release per se; this is a serious listen that is uplifting,  empowering, and engaging while keeping me rooted to the ground and  centered. <br />And to whom would I recommend Elemental? Well, obviously Tears  for Fears fans for one. This is a nice progression and maturing of their  sound without taking too great of a leap. I'd also urge anyone who loves to  read and interpret poetry to purchase this CD and really experience the  music and the lyrics. And for fans of good, mature euro-alt-pop that really  doesn't fit in a category, put this CD high on your must-have list.  <br />While the title may be Elemental, that isn't referring to it being basic  -- it is anything but. Elemental takes you amid the various planes of  existence and is a journey of maturing and self-actualization that, while  serious, is a pleasure to experience over and over.
6305181772|4.0|It has been four years later since the first movie with the second movie now out in theaters.  The first movie is available via DVD through Paramount and it is still overpriced compared to other DVD's.<br />I must  admit that DVD buyers will spend a lot of money but this is one time where  I just didn't buy it immediately because I'm hooked on a DVD being a full  package.  This DVD is not.  No extras at all.  In fact, I should give this  DVD an F for extra's but it did have the trailer and although I usually  don't count trailers as extra's, in this case I did because without it, it  would be bare bones for a DVD.<br />If you watched the movie, you either liked  the old series or you liked the new movie with Tom Cruise.  Personally, I  don't mind both and I enjoyed the movie, maybe not tremendously but I'm  still disappointed this DVD is lacking.  I'm sure that Paramount could of  released an awesome DVD but they didn't.  No deleted  scenes...nothing.<br />This DVD was also not 16:9 enhanced but the video  colors were very good.  The thing is, I have to be truthful about this, I  didn't hear so much from my 5.1 system in terms of great, outstanding  sound.  The sound is good but nothing in terms of hearing great sound ala  &quot;The Fifth Element&quot; or &quot;Godzilla&quot;. In fact, the final  scene, I was hoping to feel that blast all around me and I didn't.  I don't  know, perhaps someone else may have experienced something different.  The  reviews I read talked about great sound, obviously I'm missing it.<br />The  movie is good and yes, it's on DVD, so of course, I'm going to say get the  DVD instead of the video but the thing is this DVD deserves a special  edition re-release.  Perhaps when the second movie is released on DVD, they  will re-release this as a special edition and DVD fans will get what they  want.  Again, I'm not dissing on the movie.  The movie is very interesting  and keeps you thinking and that action does keep you glued to the set.  But  to score the DVD as a whole, I'm not dissing on the movie, I'm dissing the  DVD for having hardly anything.to score the DVD as a whole, I'm not dissing on the movie, I'm dissing the  DVD for having hardly anything.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie is, simply speaking, the best cyberpunk-like production performed so far. It's exquisitely executed. I've watched it and as much of the DVD as I can so far and it stands up to viewing after viewing. New aspects keep popping up. Detail keeps unfolding further. The bare story is pretty darn good too.<br />The premise is believable, the acting is superb, we get to watch Carrie-Anne Moss in tight latex (or whatever), and the effects are just unreal. If you haven't seen this movie yet, do so as soon as you can. It's just a really wild story.
6305657947|5.0|I've never watched the original movie from 1968 but after watching the 1999 version of &quot;The Thomas Crown Affair&quot;, I wanted to see more.  I must admit that the main motivator from watching this movie was an  interview in Los Angeles Magazine with Rene Russo.  The article was quite  interesting and shedding more on the life of the beautiful Rene Russo of  Lethal Weapon fame.  In this movie, she was absolutely...delicious.  Brosnan as Thomas Crown does a pretty good job.  The hot love scenes in  this movie is very hot!  Denis Leary's presence in this movie is actually  not that bad in this movie.<br />After reading the special booklet that  accompanied the DVD (Btw, I urge companies that include the books to please  add them to the actual DVD), you do read about the differences between the  two movies.  One marked by betrayal and one marked by romance.  Which do  you prefer depends on the viewer.  The cat and mouse storyline was very  interesting but I felt the cat gave up to easily.  It is a very good movie  nevertheless and the movie is worth purchasing on DVD.  It was nice to see  the two trailers for both movies and although it doesn't carry the many  extras that other DVD's may have these days, the DVD gets a B- in the  extras department..<br />The DVD gives you a choice of widescreen or  standard.  The video is very good with some noticeable artifacts during the  airplane scene during the middle of the film. But that wasn't so  distracting to me at all.  The audio is very well done and I liked the  musical score for the film.<br />This is a more of a dialogue movie but if you  are looking for some deep audio using your equipment capability, you will  find a few moments.  As for the characters, sometimes watching Pierce  Brosnan and Thomas Crown feels like your watching James Bond.  Rene  Russo...definitely sexy and beautiful!  A great actress.<br />I'm not sure  how this movie did in the box office, but if this is one of the movies that  bombed in the box office, as a movie aficionado, this movie is pretty good  (not great) and worth viewing.<br />Anyway, it's a beautiful DVD and I think  fans of the celebrities or the movie will enjoy this movie.  Just bare in  mind that the two movies are different and it was meant to be that way.  Second, don't read the book first, read it after the movie.  Third, buy the  DVD...it's definitely a steal!d in the box office, as a movie aficionado, this movie is pretty good  (not great) and worth viewing.<br />Anyway, it's a beautiful DVD and I think  fans of the celebrities or the movie will enjoy this movie.  Just bare in  mind that the two movies are different and it was meant to be that way.   Second, don't read the book first, read it after the movie.  Third, buy the  DVD...it's definitely a steal!
6305627347|5.0|This movie is about as anti-Politically Correct as it can get.  It parodies and inflicts damage on every sacred horse the writers had time for.  It's so funny I saw it three times in the theaters and then bought  the DVD, which is pretty well done.  The only flaw I found with this DVD is  that, while it starts up with the menu, which is good, it requires you to  go through legal notices in two or three languages first.  Once you're  through those, though, the DVD allows you to select chapters and contains  the trailers.  No commentary here, so don't look for it.  Also, no  &quot;making of&quot;, but honestly I don't miss that with this movie.<br />In  only one sense is this movie serious: it's a strong voice in favor of Free  Speech.  It says that many times in different ways.  I think Voltaire would  appreciate this film.
0767821629|4.0|I have watched so many DVD's that didn't do well in the box office and found quite a few of those movies actually turning out to be very good.<br />What about &quot;The Thirteenth Floor&quot;?  Believe it or not...I  really liked it!<br />It puts another spin to movies like the MATRIX (Note:  This movie shouldn't be compared to the MATRIX) in which it covers  high-tech, alternate worlds and the movie was done very well.  Although it  had some sections that were loose in the movie, the movie all in all was  pretty good.  I'm not sure how much it cost them to make this movie but the  way they made the high-tech and the 1930 scenes were visually pleasing.<br />The video was very good in this drama but what I enjoyed the most for  this DVD is the sound. Whoah! A scene with a gun shot and the glass  breaking...one of my favorite demo segments to show friends of the  capabilities of good 5.1 digital surround.  I love it!<br />Now, the extra's.  I wish their was deleted scenes included with the extra's but you get quite  a bit of extras, not as many as I wanted though.  I wanted to see more  after the movie was done.  The music video by the Cardigans was a nice  extra and the theatrical trailer to test the sound on your 5.1 surround  sound system with Godzilla is nice.  I don't have a DVD-rom, so I can't  comment on that.  The galleries were short but you see what kind of plans  they had for the movie and they did a good job with the scenery.<br />All in  all, this is a DVD worth buying (if it's on sale).  Many movie buyers who  are fiscally conservative will skimp on this movie because they want the  Matrix or a movie with major big major name actors.  It's a shame because  this movie is good and worth watching.  The movie is worth taking a look  because it's pretty good.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is Fincher at his best. Even in Alien 3 you could see the man has more talent than the rest of Hollywood combined. Every movie keep getting better. Seven and The Games hinted at what we see in Fight Club. Imagine  what is next.<br />A Brilliant movie by a brilliant director. A must buy on  DVD
B00002E233|4.0|I can still remember when &quot;JAWS&quot; was released and each movie I was scared as hell.  I swore that I hate sharks and even though I surf, I still don't like going far deep because of my fear of sharks.<br />It has been  25 years later and &quot;DEEP BLUE SEA&quot; has been released.  I wanted  and I didn't want to see the movie because sharks scare me.  Even hearing  the ghost shark stories in Hawaii...scary!<br />The colors were cool and the  5.1 sound is very nice.  I guess what was most shocking is who lived and  who got killed.  Some scenes were well done and a good shock value  especially the Samuel L. Jackson scene.<br />They did a good job with this  film and to make the sharks terrifying was made believable by the hard work  they put into this movie.  You can see the work in the filmography.  The  documentary was very insightful with the director and Samuel L. Jackson  giving their commentary on the movie.<br />All in all this movie will freak  you out, scare you and for a group of not-so-popular actors (aside from  Samuel L. Jackson), they did a good job including LL Cool J.<br />If you have  a craving for another cool shark movie, &quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; would be  perfect for you.
0446677450|5.0|I thought this book was fantastic. Obviously, the reviewer from Dallas didn't read this book thoroughly and just sat there getting angry at Kiyosaki for describing the situation they were in. He mentions how most  businesses go under, but incorporating is better than not. People who are  allowed to write reviews should actually read the entire book first (and  try not to take it personally when Kiyosaki accurately describes you).
0790733226|5.0|This film was very important for me to watch.  I don't know too much about Carl Sagan but I've listened to enough Art Bell that I am interested in SETI and the pursuit to find out the truth of life outside our  universe.<br />This movie focuses on several topics such as extra-terrestrial  life and also the battle between science and religion.  I for one am a  person who thinks scientifically but at the same time a God believing  person and for others they can't compare the two, both are at opposite ends  of the spectrum and this movie is really good at showing that.<br />Also,  the involvement of the US government.  Very interesting.  Also, the movie  uses a lot of major newscasters from CNN and President Bill Clinton.  Also,  very interesting.<br />This DVD is one of the best intelligent movies and the  whole story including the special effects are wonderful.  The video is nice  and clear and the use of many colors in the film are brilliant.  The sound  on digital 5.1 is also very nice.<br />As for the DVD extras, I have to give  Warner Bros. an applause for doing this movie justice by including three  feature length commentaries by Jodie Foster, the director and producer  Robert Zeickis and Steve Starkey and another group being Ken Ralston and  Stephen Rosebaum.  Also, it was nice to see the computer animation concepts  and tests, special effects designs and more.  I'm not sure if there were  many deleted or cut scenes but I wish they included them but I can't expect  much, they did a great job and by including three commentaries, that's  really awesome!<br />I'm sure some people will love or hate this film due to  the science vs. religion overtone but I know what my heart believes and I  can only say that this DVD is highly recommended!
B000002NIW|5.0|This is my favorite c.d. of all time! Chino really pours his heart out with eerie vocals and absurdly sad lyrics. It is genius. You don't have to a hard-core fan to appreciate and respect them. One of my favorite songs is  m.x where he sings about the shallow things even a deep musician is drawn  to: girls, money and new clothes! But in Dai the Flu he thanks his wife for  loving him while screaming, it fills me with motivation, and I want to  scream and mosh!
B00003Q438|5.0|I know this movie is OLD. But still when you're watching the DVD version you don't believe it from what you see and what you hear. The picture quality is almost perfect. I know it must have been hard task to convert  the picture in mpeg2 format, especially when almost entire movie is  underwater. Still you won't notice any distortion or age wearing on the  film. The soundtrack is truly amazing. Especially the Dolby Digital 5.1  track. It creates one of the best spatial effects that i've heard in any  DVD movie mixed in Dolby Digital 5.1. You really can feel the action and  suspense. What about the movie itself, well if you've already seen abyss  then buy the DVD and see it again, if you haven't, you should be going to  nearest video store faster you can say &quot;Cheesy poof&quot;.
B000002WNP|5.0|The 50's box set had little to prove; even the nonbelievers would acknowledge the ferocity of Elvis' sides in that tumultous decade. This fantastic collection, however, has to make a case for the post-Army Elvis,  and boy does it ever. Despite the mediocre soundtrack ditties (not included  here), Mr. Presley knocked out some damn fine music in the decade of  British Invasion/Beach Boys/Summer of Love, etc. thanks especially to  songwriters like Pomus/Shuman. The real treat are the late 60's sides  recorded in Memphis that appear on disks 4 and 5. Vocals so impassioned and  fiery your eardrums just might ignite...
B00003ETJQ|1.0|The sole reason for existance for a film such as Baraka is the stunning cinematography. Unfortunately these stunning visuals did not make it's way onto this DVD edition.<br />What you might have seen in stunning  70mm in the  theaters is reduced to a soft, low resolution, NON ANAMORPHIC(! ) DVD with  plenty of edge artifacts.  It is unviewable on my calibrated 9 ft  projection system.<br />May look okay on 27inch or smaller TV.<br />What a shame  to do this to a film like Baraka.
B000003AEB|5.0|No one can record an album as did Snoop Doggy Dogg in L.A. Pure gangsta rap, with a touch of old skool, couldn't be better. People in los angeles are still bumpin' to his cd, as with Tupac's All Eyez on Me, this cd will  never be forgotten.
B00003W8NM|1.0|Fight Club starts off great.  Fincher loads on the music, the witty voice-over and superbly placed visuals.  Ten minutes into the film it appears as if the viewer is in for a wry, dark trip.  But that potential  never comes to fruition.  Rather than continuing to build the movie begins  a gradual descent into mediocrity and ridiculousness.  By the last twenty  minutes Fincher has gone into a nosedive, leaving viewers with two choices:  hitting the stop button or sitting through this teenage angst-ridden bilge.   What started off as a promising commentary on the loneliness and  powerlessness of an individual in today's society quickly turns into some  nihilistic hokum.  Ludicrous plot \\"twists\\" (which are obvious to even a  five year old) are piled on top of one another to explain the proceedings  as the movie becomes more and more silly.  By the end, you're wishing Finch  were at a Fight Club you frequent so you could have a chance to beat him  senseless for making this monstrosity.  Not even Ed Norton could save this  movie.  Brad Pitt's one contribution would be his chiseled form and as  we've seen with all his other work, looks don't make a movie.  All in all,  Fight Club is possibly one of the most inane, childish films I've ever had  the misfortune to sit through.
B000002H70|5.0|This CD alone made me aware of life outside classic rock, way back upon its release in 1989 (or so).  It was circulating around my college at the time;  I thought it was amazing then, and it continues to be my  most-listened to music item ever.  Disintegration definitely is one of  those rare gems where you can listen to the CD in its entirety and not lose  interest one bit (in fact, the last two tracks are among my favorites).  I  would actually recommend listening to this as an album altogether, as  opposed to as a collection of singles- the whole is so much more than the  sum of its parts.<br />I remember this CD being pitched as a  &quot;make-out&quot; album back in the day, because of the intimate mood it  sets.  I suppose that is accurate, though to put any label on it would be  to unfairly categorize it, and, dare I say, the album is so good as to  transcend classification.  The music is dark, intimate, ethereal, and just  plain excellent, regardless of the words used to describe it.
B000001FY9|5.0|Bob Marley is the standard that all Reggae music must be judged by, I pity the poor sods who follow in his wake!  Although there are worthy artists out there none compare to the genius that is BOB MARLEY! <br />OH the  music!  OH the voice!  OH the lyrics, who could not fall in love with  this Man, he weilds music like a master painter giving us a work of art!   No woman no cry, Redemption Song (my personal favourite!) are 2 examples of  wonderful songwriting performed by the Master!  <br />For first timers out  there who have never delved into the Reggae world of Bob Marley then get  yourself this excellent compilation of brilliant music!  YOU WONT REGRET  IT! <br />Thankyou Lord for giving us BOB MARLEY!  Easily the greatest  Reggae Artist that EVER LIVED!
0887307280|5.0|I've often wondered how a company can open stores all over the place and have them function while my own business would certainly fail if i were not there to grind it out every day.  This amazing little book finally showed  me that it CAN be done ... If your business is running you .... then you  will not believe the insight Mr. Gerber has .  I would have sworn that he  had followed me around with a video camera before writing it.  Get this  book and be the boss instead of your best employee.
6304466498|4.0|Spaceballs is bred from various sources including The Star Wars Trilogy, Star Trek, Alien, and Planet of the Apes, among other films of the past few decades. Not everyone of the jokes are all that incredibly original or  entirely hilarious but the one-liners are just to funny not to bust out a  belly laugh even after many viewings. I can't count how many times I've  seen this on television and I don't tire of it. Lines like,&quot;Only one  man would give me the rasberry, Lonestar! Lonestar!&quot; The whole  substitution of the Schwartz for the Force was hilarity from start to  finish. &quot;I see your Schwartz is as big as mine. Let's see how well you  handle it.&quot; That line in a nutshell(pun intended) is the epitome of  what to expect from Spaceballs. I'm steadfast to praise anyone with the  balls to poke fun at Star Wars.(Mel Brooks) I do love Star Wars but for the  love of all things sacred and holy in the world its not scripture or  scientific fact. I do refute with a Hail President Scrube and an order of  Ludicrous Speed ahead! Spaceballs is a must see if you haven't seen it  already.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem has outdone himself, creating a nearly 100% original album with very little &quot;guest&quot; use, a great album where you don't have to search through the tracks to see which one is good. I can count 5 great  tracks off the top of my head, but there are many more. For the eminem fan  and general hip-hop fan a good cd.
6305842442|1.0|ITS A PITY THAT THE DVD EDITION ONLY HAS THE DIRECTORS CUT. LOTS OF PEOPLE PREFERE THE ORIGINAL VERSION (ONLY ON VIDEO). PERHAPS THEY COULD DO THE TWO VERSIONS ON ONE DVD. THEN WE BLADE RUNNER FANS CAN SAY WE HAVE A REAL  COLLECTORS EDITION.
6304078145|4.0|Tim Roth is absolutely hilarious in this movie. Nobody could've done it better! Clever concept, very funny, rent it first, though - I did, I loved it, but not everyone will. Enjoy!
0446310786|4.0|The book, To Kill a Mockingbird was an easy and very enjoyable book to read.  It was not complicated, although it had an intricate and deep meaning.  It was also a book that you could read for hours, because it is  very hard to tear yourself away from.  It was fun and enjoyable but also a  point to get across.         The most memorable moment in the book, and my  favorite, is when the main character, Scout, realizes the truth about a  character she has had a false opinion of for a long time.  She comes to the  conclusion that this character is really just there to help and care for  her, when for a long time she thought he was a danger to her.  It is a  heartwarming part and teaches everyone to take a closer look at those  around them.       All in all, this book is a good teacher and a fun book  to read.  I would recommend it to anyone. TKAM was a book that I would  recommend for any age group.  Although it is a fairly easy read, I think  any adult who hasn't read this book is missing out.  Also, because it is  easy and uncomplicated to read, younger readers are able to enjoy it.
B00003W8NM|5.0|David Fincher's Fight Club didn't exactly make a big name for itself upon its initial release last year(its box office gross was a mere 36 million dollars), but as nearly every Hollywood Exec. knows, video changes  everything. It saddens me a little to think that this film was so easily  overlooked by the people who now rush to rent, buy, and review it,  but(pardon the cliche)better late than never. Fight Club is a brutal and  dirty film(no, not in a sexual sense, but in its grainy stock and the  unhygenic characters who love nothing more than to befoul any corporatized  or mainstream institution)that lends the viewer a feeling of empathy for  the struggling men of Fight Club and their search for individuality in a  society more concerned with brand names and fashion labels.  I couldn't  help but laugh when Tyler and The Narrator(Yes, I know what you're  thinking, but let's not spoil the end for those who haven't seen the film  or read the book)lured a large number of diarrheic pigeons to a rooftop  near a BMW dealership with bird feed, or when an unnamed character placed a  &quot;new and improved&quot; version of an airline's safety and evacuation  guidelines in all of the plane's seatbacks.  I think most of us smile at  things like this because we all realize just how dumb &quot;yes men&quot;  think we are and its nice to see them squirm once in awhile.  Who hasn't,  at one time or another, wanted to shake the people around them and wake  them up to some sad truth.  It's a fact: Corporations think we're stupid.   Tyler knows this.  And it pisses him off. Fincher does an excellent job of  keeping to the heart of the book and each actor, not a single exception,  does an incredible job of fleshing out their character's dramatic and  humorous potential. This is one of the truly good films of the Nineties.  I  have yet to meet a person, man or woman, who thinks differently. Run ,if  need be, to your local video store. Better yet, just buy it.  You'll be  glad you did.
B00003CX5A|3.0|I had high hopes... I love Tim Burton's work, but THIS one- despite the visual beauty, impressive special effects, and a campy Depp performance, fell by the wayside.  I think it was the plot- too far fetched, too off the  wall.  I didn't buy it because of that.
6305842442|1.0|ITS A PITY THAT THE DVD EDITION ONLY HAS THE DIRECTORS CUT. LOTS OF PEOPLE PREFERE THE ORIGINAL VERSION (ONLY ON VIDEO). PERHAPS THEY COULD DO THE TWO VERSIONS ON ONE DVD. THEN WE BLADE RUNNER FANS CAN SAY WE HAVE A REAL  COLLECTORS EDITION.
B00004SYWZ|4.0|I've been a long term a-ha fan and have really enjoyed their transition from electronic pop to acoustic/electronic/not-yet rock/pop.  At first when I got this album, I did not really like it...thinking that this could be  very much like 'East of the Sun' album where there's lots of catchy melody.   Instead, this album is kind of laid back in a sense...but it did grow on  me.  It's not packed with hits, but it's a good listening CD.  It's very  contemorary with grooves and samples...if you hear Savoy's solo album,  you'll see it's quite similar to that, except with lots of electronic  soundscapes (not overly done).  Morten's vocal ability is very similar to  where he left off on 'Memorial Beach'...no new singing technical surprises.   My favorite song on the album is 'Summer Moves On'...well, the is their  1st single cut.
B00001OH7P|5.0|It's sexy, it's strange, and it's a prayer for the wild at heart in chains. If you don't buy this album- or don't already own it- you are deeply, deeply disturbed.
B00003CWTI|1.0|I've looked through 76 onlines reviews here, and only a handful of them rated it less than 5 stars.  This was the most complete waste of time I have ever spent in a movie theater, and the stupidest movie since Meatballs  2.<br />Spare me the &quot;I went to film school and this is how to make a  film&quot; garbage.  I couldn't wait for the old guy to die, and the only  reason I stuck around for the end was to see what I was sure HAD to be an  incredible cliffhanging ending.  It was so disappointing. Sure the acting  was great, but these actors are always good.  The story was TERRIBLE!  <br />I  read in many reviews how the movie was so &quot;beautiful&quot;.  Tell me  how dead frogs and drug addiction are beautiful. <br />Actually I lost respect  for the academy for even thinking this was a good screenplay when so many  other GREAT films were out last year.  If you want to see a good movie, go  see The Insider, or Cider House, or The Green Mile. Anything but this!
6305622930|5.0|Audio Merits:8/10; Video Merits:10/10; Scenario Merits:8/10; Cinematographic Merits:9/10;Musical Merits:8/10; Overall Artistic Performance:8/10; DVD Extras:10/10; Recording Total Quality:9/10.  Professor's Comment:Beyond all its peak properties this film emphasizes the  ultimate  performance of D.D. Eisenhower as the supreme commander of Allied  Forces on D-Day.
B000002KH3|2.0|With songs like &quot;Runnin' With The Devil&quot;, &quot;You Really Got Me&quot;, and &quot;Jamie's Cryin'&quot;, you have to acknowledge Van Halen's self-titled debut album, as one of the best debut albums of the the  70's. &quot;Runnin' With The Devil&quot;, arguably Van Halen's best song,  and &quot;You Really Got Me&quot;, arguably one of the best cover songs of  all time, were the hits that propelled not only this particular album, but  also Van Halen's career to success.
B000002UTI|3.0|I obtained this album when I was eleven and I already owned most of the Beatles songs. At the time, this album was worth it for the Beatles track I didn't own, &quot;Give Peace a Chance&quot; as well as the acoustic version  of &quot;Real Love&quot; (acoustic versions are always fun) but, in my old  age I've really, really come to appreciate &quot;God&quot; and  &quot;Mother.&quot; I feel like Lennon could have really taken off in the  direction towards which these songs pointed- these songs are personal, raw,  and defiantly uncatchy. Not that &quot;Imagine&quot; isn't an amazing song  that illustrates his genius for blending the personal with the commercial,  but in general, I think he could have taken more risks in his post- Plastic  Ono Band career. And, you know, I could really do without  &quot;Woman,&quot; &quot;Beautiful Boy,&quot; and &quot;(Just Like)  Starting Over.&quot; But the live version of &quot;Mother&quot; really does  make the whole thing worth it.
0684867621|4.0|Stephen Kings never stops to amaze. This book was a great tale about courage, struggle, and love. I don't want to tell to much about the story, but I can tell you - this book can make you think. My heart went out for  little Trisha McFarland, as she is lost in the woods, her only hope for  survival a walkman - so she can here the baseball games. I give this a big  thumbs up - as it makes human life and the relationships we have seem very  real.
B00003CWN3|5.0|You don't have to be middle-class or trailer trash to relate to Brandon Teena's story. His horrific experience, so masterfully captured by Kimberly Pierce, transcends class and gender. It's a story of finding oneself,  finding one's second half (Lana, in Brandon's case), and being at peace  with one's self in the face of ignorance and bigotry. It's dark, brooding,  tense, but the sad events in everyone's lives demand no less than a  realistic and gritty treatment. In addition to Swank and Sevigny's  exceptional performance, I commend the two actors who bravely took on the  roles of Brandon's killers. They've done as good a job as the women, and I  find it a shame that they weren't acknowledged in any of the past film  awards.<br />One doesn't watch this movie to relate to the characters in class  or other background, but rather to understand or to be enlightened by their  experiences. One doesn't have to be someone outside of a private school for  rich, brainy girls in Connecticut to feel for Brandon. And one certainly  doesn't have to expect European actresses of classic beauty to give life to  Brandon's character. Such a way of thinking is so absurdly elitist and  certainly has no place in judging a film as terribly moving as Boys Don't  Cry. Beter save it for an artsy, snotty foreign film instead.
B000000OQF|3.0|&quot;Appetite For Destruction&quot; is one of the biggest selling debut albums of all time, with 15 million copies sold, and in my opinion, is one of the best albums of the 80's. With this album, and the hit single  &quot;Sweet Child O' Mine&quot;, Guns N' Roses began the success of whom  many people consider the best rock band of the 80's and 90's. The highlight  of the album is clearly &quot;Sweet Child O' Mine&quot;, but &quot;Welcome  To The Jungle&quot; is also a great song.
B000002KBH|5.0|I was 21 years old before I FINALLY understood how incredible this band really was. Don't make the same mistake. This was one of the 1st Dead albums I owned. 3 years later I now have about every studio and more live  shows than I can count. Be careful...they'll change your life...
B00000633U|5.0|I really really like this cd.
0805047905|5.0|We've gotten this from the library times so many times I have it memorized, my 11, 6, and 3 year olds all have it memorized, and hubby has it memorized! I recite it to my newborn while chagning her, buckling her  into her car seat, etc. My 3 year old and I recite as we wash her hair to  keep her still and no soap in her eyes! Its really a terrific book! The  rhythm is wonderful, the pictures are so colorful and fun, and it even  comes in the destruction resistant board book! Its right up there with Dr  Suess!
6305807086|1.0|This movie came recommended. However, sadly enough - I must say that I don't agree with those who recommended it. It was different, yes. Fascinating, even, at times - the puppetry scenes were captivating.  However, the movie left me wanting.<br />I give this movie full points for  creativity and novelty. However, I dock it just as many for being hard to  follow, with lifeless characters who only make me want to hate them the  whole way through. Apparently, according to this movie, if you seek to  discover life, all you find is lust and hatred.   Frankly, I find it a  wonder I watched it all the way through.
B00004RJ71|5.0|Simply the best movie I have ever seen. I have seen it 23 times now, and love it more each time. It is all about friendhship, values, loyalty. An epic saga, with incredible directory work. Even though it is a 3 hour  movie, it is just too short. &quot;Vatos Locos for Life&quot; is my  favourite,  sentence, followed by &quot; Money knows no color carnal&quot;,  and then  there is the &quot; He puss, there's a can of XXXXX why not help  yourself&quot;  but then again... there are many more
020530902X|5.0|This is, of course, a classic, but it should be noted that some of the examples in the book have  been updated.  The revisions are subtle and pleasing. They don't change the book radically, but make it just slightly  more interesting. Toni Morrison is mentioned, for instance. The book is  essentially still the same firm, friendly, concise Strunk and White most of  us grew up with.
0783240287|5.0|Last weekend I rented this DVD from our local library. My children ( 3 1/2  and 1 1/2) and I enjoyed it so much that we just had to buy it ; from  Amazon of course :-). We watched it both days  and each time it ended they  wanted to see it again.  Although a lot of the plot went over their heads  there are a few items that need explaining to small children. Especially,  the part where Joseph is sold as a slave and the brothers smear goat blood  (they use a stuffed animal not a real goat)over his &quot;dreamcoat&quot;  and the scene with Potipher's wife (rather risque).  However, I found that  by making sure that I watched the production with my kids and singing along  to the songs with them more than made up for these minor glitches.<br />In  closing, this is a must see for any family that loves music and an  excellent introduction to musical theater.<br />PS. the DTS track is a nice  plus
B0000399WI|1.0|I reviewed this DVD on June 1, 2000 and wish to clarify myself. The black bars at the top and bottom have ERASED the top and bottom of the movie. In effect, take a full screen movie, cover up the top and bottom with black  bars, and the unwary will perceive it as a widescreen film. However, you  get less movie for your money!
B00000JCOV|4.0|It's very hard to find a heavy metal band with talent anymore. Either you get a bunch of guys that whine about their bad childhoods through Britney Spears-like lyrics (KoRn, Sevendust, Staind, etc.), or you get a bunch of  unintelligible white noise and a guys that sounds like he's barfing  (Cannibal Corpse, etc.)..... but these guys are amazing! They actually have  rhythm, a beat, and they sing AND scream. All metal fans must buy this!
B00000292K|4.0|Another intriguing logical progression, and, given the similar approaches on later albums like Dark Magus, Pangaea and Agharta, it's certainly not deserving of the universally negative criticism it received back in 1972  (or receives now). After Live-Evil got Miles' foot in the door of the funk  revolution, it's not at all surprising that he should carry the experiment  further and deeper, into a looser, more tribal, much more African (and  occasionally Indian) sound. There is perhaps greater rhythmic complexity  here than on any of Miles' other albums, utilizing multiple layered  percussive instruments simultaneously. In fact, in many ways, this is  Miles' most sophicated album, as it embraces the avant garde more than any  of Miles' other albums (except perhaps Black Beauty). The fact that the  album has eight tracks (a record number for an album at this stage in his  career) is deceptive, as most of the tracks flow seamlessly into one  another, forming one long extended jam that effectively changes quite  dramatically from one end to the other. Miles had hoped to attract a young,  black audience with this album, hence the ghetto-inspired, sadly dated,  cartoon caricatures that adorn the cover. Unfortunately, the whole bid for  the &quot;James Brown audience&quot; failed, and, consequently, the album  flopped. It's a real shame too, as this much maligned but fun album  deserves much better. Essential for those with open minds.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I bought This CD the first day it came out &amp; I haven't stopped listening to it!  Brave New World is the best thing I have heard since 7th son maybe even Somewhere in time. Now don't get me wrong I love X factor  &amp; Virtual 11 for the music mostly I like blaze but lets face it he's no  Bruce. Maiden is here! Metal 2000! if your not a maiden fan give this a  listen &amp; if you are a Maiden fan you must already have this cd right!  UP THE IRONS!
0790731894|1.0|&quot;Executive Decision&quot; promises to be a fast and glossy big-budget aerial adventure. However, even the special effects were not as impressive as expected. The last reel was a disappointing misfire. The script was poor  and unmemorable. The performances were appalling and the plot was tedious  and unsuspenseful, not to mention implausible. The impregnation of the  jumbo jet by the stealth is strictly fantastic. And why should the  terrorists go through all the trouble of hijacking a plane in order to  detonate the DZ-5 over Washington? Shouldn't they have quietly shipped it  in a crate and and activated it, thus taking the Americans by surprise? And  the scene at the beginning, showing Kurt Russell taking flying lessons  anticipates the ending oh-so-predictably! But there is one major plot  twist, in the first twenty minutes, that will jolt unsuspecting viewers out  of their seats...
B00004NRWH|5.0|I went to best buy to look for a cd from sevendust. They were out. I saw nickelback on the shelf. I had herd of them and know they were on roadrunner. I figured why not? I tossed it in my cd player and loved it  instantly. I have never herd such pure great, guitar rock in my life though  3 doors down comes very close. I recommen this CD to ANYONE. IT IS  FABULOUS. There is not a song on here that isn't radio worthy!
6304383827|5.0|If you are a fan of a good love story with light comedy, Emma was made for you.  <br />Paltrow shines as the good-intentioned matchmaker Emma, whose success with one couple inspires her to try again with her best friend.   When all goes wrong, Emma simply brushes herself off and tries again...with  complicated results.<br />This is a charming and wonderful tale of love,  friendship, and life.  I highly recommend it!
B00000DHRZ|4.0|I bought this CD about a year ago.  Pretty Fly (for a white guy) is really cool.  You know what's weird?  On Walla Walla, it has a polka beat!  Why Don't You Get a Job? has kind-of Calypso beat.  This entire CD is an mix of  all kinds of music.  Americana is a step down from heavy metal...kind of a  mix between Smashmouth and Nirvana.  A ggod buy if you like either one of  those bands.  The reason I gave this CD a four is because it has some cuss  words.
B00000DCHI|5.0|I can see every original album with every song I'm playing on this collection.  I replaced my double vinyl album and I'm so glad I did...<br />He has continued to grow as a performer WITH the ever-fast music scene.  He  has adapted to the styles of the day, and still keeps his own uniqueness as  the quintessential piano man of our time.  Bravo, Billy!
0446310786|3.0|This book was very interesting, yet hard to follow at times.  I didn't give it a higher score because it lost my interest a lot because there were too many dufferent characters and stories going on to remeber, so it was  very hard to want to keep reading.  Since I didn't enjoy reading it, it was  hard to remeber all the important events.  A plus in favor for the book was  that it showed how life was back in the early 1900's.  The situation in the  book that stuck out the most was when Tom Robinson was killed for  practically no reason.  I couldn't believe that someone could just kill  another person without a good reason.  I think mostly adults to young  adults would enjoy reading this book, because they can comprehend the  discrimination that is mentioned.  I highly do not suggest that younger  children read it, because it would be hard for them to understand many  points.  Overall this book is very interesting, but I suggest you give you  a good amount of time to read it.
B00000F12O|5.0|i love this movie.usually most films that are over three hours long,often get boring.not this one.this one isnt too scary,but there's a few scary parts
0385486804|5.0|Into The Wild it's much more than the simple biography of a young and brave/crazy man and his lonely death in the woods. It's the story of an unsatisfied human being looking for meaning and direction of life, told in  a respectful, sensible and professional way by Jon Krakauer. It's a must  for wilderness enthusiasts and a good lesson of what not to do if you wish  to stay alive in the thundra. And oh yes, most mexicans, as told by Chris  Macandless in his diary, are generally warm and kind with tourists and  visitors, I saved that commentary deep in my heart.
B00004STPT|4.0|prettygood.  needs some dialogue or justa little somethimg extra. With some dialogue from the movie, this could be one of the all time greats
B00000J7JO|5.0|I first bought this cd because of Around the World, Scar Tissue, and Otherside.  After listening to it though, I quickly became obsessed with it and listen to every song.  If you like fast paced songs mixed with not-so  fast songs and great guitar rhythms, that this is the cd for u.
B00004SCX6|5.0|This cd is just amazing. Ok, so it's slightly repetitive in parts, but even that can't knock down this masterpiece! This is my review for the British version..<br />1. Oops I did it again- If you don't like this song,  don't even bother reading the rest of this review. It is, in my opinion one  of the best songs this year. I know, I know, she may as well have called it  `Oops..i made a complete copy of Baby one more time',  but it's like a more  mature version, don't you think? 10/10<br />2. Stronger-  Now this is what's  going to light up the charts in months to come. It is the sequel to `Baby  one more..' just  check out the lyrics `My loneliness ain't killing me no  more'!   I know people are thinking it's a clone of `Oops' but it really  isn't once you've heard it a few times. It has to be a strong contender for  best song on the album! 10/10<br />3. Don't go knockin' on my door- Attitude  MAN!  Ok, I admit she's going a bit over the top with copying `Oops' now,  but I love the way she adds r'n'b flava  to it, MAN!  Brilliantly catchy   9 and a (very generous) half /10<br />4. (I can't get no) Satisfaction-  Brilliant!   A great cover, ok so she did change it quite a lot, but I  think her vocals make it sound erm, cute? Well, that's what I think  anyhow..... 10/10<br />5. Don't let me be the last to know- I really wanted to  make this sound like a good album so er, no comment .<br />6. What u see (is  what u get) Another `Oops', a very good `Oops' though. Except it's not a  good idea to overplay this song , not a good idea at all. 9/10<br />7. Lucky   Aah now, this is another top class, 5 star rating job from Britters,  untouchable. It actually isn't a clone of  `Oops'........OH MY GOD!  11/10  anyday<br />8. One kiss from you -Note how this song has the same sound  affects as `Soda pop', well sort of, anyway.  It's not my fave song on the  album, but that wouldn't stop it being one damn fine choon, would it?  9/10<br />9. Where are you now- Now this is what Britney tried to achieve with   `From the bottom of my broken heart', but failed drastically. You will  definetly have to give it a while to grow on you, but she's taking the  first step to Mariah Carey type-ballad quality. 10/10<br />10 Can't make you  love me- This is `Baby' and `the O song' rolled into one, resulting in  sheer brilliance! Nothing more to say 10/10<br />11. When your eyes say it-  Instantly loved this one, it really is that damn, good! It's basically a  nice relaxing ballad-y type song with lots of talking,  (WARNING! this is  not going to be everyone's scene, especially if all you wanna do is shake  your thang one the dancefloor, baby!) 9/10<br />12. Girl in the mirror- You  probably don't own this song if u live in the US, which is a great pity, I  REALLY, REALLY love this one, I can't explain the way it makes you feel,  esp if you can relate to it. If you buy the album, please import the  British one,  it is soooo worth it, I swear! 100,000/10<br />13. Dear Diary-  This is Britney's song!  It's nice and calming, it's actually quite good,  which I wasn't expecting to be truthful! Perhaps not one for the more  masculine Britney fans! 10/10<br />Basically one of the best albums you're  gonna here this year. Also, if you really like pop, PLEASE try out  Whigfield, because I feel she is totally underrated, hope this helps you!
B00000K0E5|3.0|&quot;GoldenEye&quot; is a good James Bond movie, but it is not a great one.  This was the first film to be made after the six-year hiatus since &quot;Licence To Kill&quot; and it had the hard task of updating the  character for the politically correct 90's.  It also gave the series itself  a bit of a makeover, and this comes with mixed results.  First of all, the  film introduced Pierce Brosnan as the new Bond, and even though he has  gotten better over the years, his debut here is a good one.  The casting of  Judi Dench as Bond's boss came as a surprise to many at the time, but the  results are wonderful.  The Bond girl (Izabella Scorupco) this time around  is a good one, both in the looks and intelligence departments.  However,  the film's real standout is Famke Janssen as a sadistic Russian assassin  with killer thighs (literally!).  She definitely belongs in Bond's hall of  fame.  Unfortunately, the head villain, though interesting in premise,  doesn't live up to his initial promise.  The film itself drags in some  moments. Boris, the Russian computer geek is a truly annoying character,  and Bond's new BMW Roadster isn't used at all in the way we expect.  The  score by Eric Serra is also highly ineffective.  On a positive note though,  Robbie Coltrane is a welcome addition to the series, and most of the  stunts, particularly the ones in the opening, as well as the tank chase  through St. Petersburg, are indeed superb.
B000002GYR|5.0|I have bought this album twice and given it away twice.  It is a beautiful piece of music from start to finish.  This album plays to his absolute strength which is his earnest songwriting.  Later in his career he would  put on several different masks and assume the role of many different  characters, but this album is probably my favorite .  If you are not a Tom  Waits fan this is a wonderful place to start.  If you are then I don't need  to tell you to buy this album.
B00003RQNJ|5.0|Why I love that movie? Because it has a lot of things the modern box-office hits lack. What we see now are some undereducated &quot;geniuses&quot; showering us with their half-baked revelations,  speculative, pretentious, simply not professional, telling their stupid  &quot;truth&quot;, relying on gimmicks. Watching all these Matrixes, Fight  Clubs and Magnolias I feel cheated, violated. It seems the directors are  high all the time on their ambitions, intoxicated by self-imposed ideas of  their greatness.<br />No, you guessed wrong, I am not 70 year old and I enjoy  a mindless flick from time to time. But a modern fairy-tale roller-coaster  like Face/Off is one thing and the sickeningly pretentious, imbecile Matrix  is quite another. <br />Someone here called Butch an old film. That's not  correct. And after that THX mastering the visuals do not smell of archive a  bit. John Wayne is old, Unforgiven is new. Butch is somewhere between the  classic Westerns and revisionist Eastwood's Oscar-winner. There are no  duels at sunset, no courageos sheriffs,no cattle ranges are visible. But  the main characters still look great, though they are a way more eloquent.  There is a schoolteacher, but not a blonde of the great tradition and her  sex appeal is anything but subdued. <br />I like the director/actors and  viewers relationship of that film. The creators do their thing  professionally, and we respect them for that. And they show their respect  by being smart, endearing in the restrained way, entertaining without  begging for cheap laughs.<br />As for the music there is only piece I find  intolerably dated - the weird accompainment to Bolivian bank robbing\being  chased by police sequence. When I hear that la-la-la-la-la I push Sound Off  button. The rest is quite appropriate. And one song is great.<br />That DVD is  the perfect investment. The movie is very unlikely to bore you even with  multiple viewings, there are loads of a very helpful extras - watching the  actorsinterviews of 25 years later is a very memorable experience.<br />-  They do not shoot the films these days. They shoot budgets, they shoot  schedules. Not the films. - said Paul Newman in his DVD interview.<br />If you  agree buy the disc. Invest in good cinema. Vote with your dollar. The guys  will not let you down.
0380789019|5.0|A dark, yet humorous story, fast paced and wonderfully told.  Better known for his \\"Sandman\\" graphic novels and horrifying short stories, this is Gaiman's first, full length, novel.  A much brighter and funnier work than  anything else he has done.  I hope to see more in this style in the  future!<br />Our hero, a mild mannered, extremely average bloke, finds that  doing a good deed can be quite dangerous.  In this case the good deed is  saving the life of a young homeless girl.  Or at least what he thinks is  just a homeless girl.  He soon finds out she is a princess of the  \\"forgotten people\\" and the assassins that tried to kill her are now trying  to kill him as well.  But, when he tries to get help, it seems his world  has \\"forgotten\\" him as well.  All he wants is to go back to his old life,  yet to get it back he must venture further on into the London Below, into  this mysterious magical shadow world.
B00004SCX6|1.0|I normally love pop music but she just ruins it! forget about girl power here. All her song ever on both albums are about her whining over some dumb boy she lost. &quot;Baby one more time...&quot;, &quot;Crazy&quot;,  &quot;Lucky&quot;, &quot;from the Bottom of my Broken Heart&quot;,  &quot;Oops I did it again&quot;, the list goes on and on.
B000002VCQ|5.0|Hearing Whitney Houston's first solo single, &quot;You Give Good Love&quot; in 1985 was a pop music watershed event: here was (1)a gorgeous voice, and (2) a  soul record in the midst of the synth-laden 1980s! And  the successive singles (&quot;Saving All My Love for You&quot;, &quot;How  Will I Know&quot;, and &quot;Greatest Love of All&quot;) were even better,  as were many of the tracks on this dazzling album, which, despite the use  of four producers, has an incredibly unified sound: that of an intimate and  very special set by a singular talent.<br />This is my all-time fave debut  album from any artist. My special faves from this album are &quot;Greatest  Love of All&quot;, the duets with Jermaine Jackson and Teddy Pendergrass,  and &quot;How Will I Know&quot;, but I prefer listening to them in context  of the entire album: had even any one of  the ten tracks been excluded, it  would change the magic.
6303422020|1.0|Only good scene is where we get a glimpse of Lois Chiles half-naked hot bod!
B000002VSN|5.0|This, along with her debut, is my favorite of  Whitney's albums. Whereas the latter displays her command of the theatrical, dramatic middle-of-the road material that helped propel her to mega-stardom, this album finds her  in the rawer and more spontaneous world of gospel (her home; she once  remarked &quot;My root is not black or white. It's not R &amp; B. My root  is in gospel.&quot;) But it isn't just &quot;going back to church&quot;;  she's singing about the very People she thanks and proclaims her love for  at every one of the many awards shows she's been on: God and Jesus . And  this love shows, especially on &quot;I Love the Lord&quot;, which isn't  just a great performance (the New York Times called it &quot;the most  bravaura vocal performance of [the year]); this is a recording of a genuine  and intimate Spiritual experience.<br />The inspiration in this album is not  only found in her religious material [which varies from the shouts of  &quot;Hold On, Help is on the Way&quot;, to the lullaby of &quot;Who Would  Imagine a King&quot; (oooh, how beautiful her voice is when she sings in  hushed tones!), to the funk re-working of &quot;Somebody Bigger Than You  and I&quot;(I would love to hear her and her collaborators record an entire  contemporary gospel album in the vein of this track!)], but also in the  non-specifically religious (but still Spiritual) cuts (&quot;My Heart is  Calling&quot; being the only exception; I think I'm the only one who likes  this track).<br />Whitney gets incredible support in the Georgia<br />Mass Choir  on six of the songs, and from gospel music's first lady, Shirley Caesar(in  the roof-raising &quot;He's All Over Me&quot;).<br />This album, along with  her debut and her tracks on &quot;The Bodyguard&quot; and &quot;Waiting to  Exhale&quot; soundtracks, are indispensible for ANY and EVERY lover of good  music.
6302054982|5.0|This is the best mob film ever!A true standout among the genre(maybe better than GODFATHER).Soundtrack kicks! Joe Pesci steals every scene.Brenda Vacarro and Ray Liotta are perfect!Paul Sorvino's performance  is so convincing it is scary! Outstanding in every way!
6305776369|4.0|SUPERSTAR is another movie based on a &quot;Saturday Night Live&quot; comic character--which in this case happens to be Mary Katherine Galleger (played by the halarious and sexy Molly Shannon).<br />Mary is a Catholic high  school student who is constantly dreaming of becoming a famous superstar,  so she will get a kiss from the high school jock (played by Will  Ferrell).<br />This movie is better than some of the past &quot;SNL&quot;  films like IT'S PAT, and manages to throw in some laughs as well.<br />MTV  comedian Tom Green (&quot;V.D. rules!&quot;) has a cameo, which makes this  his first feature film.
6302638771|5.0|Not to be confused for a documentary, JFK is a brilliant technical achievement for Stone.Music by John Williams is powerful, tense and exciting.Acting by a cast-of-a thousands works on all thrusters!This film  also won a well-deserved oscar for editing and cinematography.
B00004R99L|5.0|The film is excellent, I'm sure you know that already.  I'd just like to  say though that I've seen it billed a couple of times as 'first time on  DVD'.  This isn't true however since, like Dumbo, it's been available in  Europe (DVD region 2) since 1999.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Excellent acting and even better directing make this movie a masterpiece.   I must admit, I was quite surprised with the outcome.  Without giving too  much away, all I can say is don't read any other reviews because some of  them give away too much info.  <br />Ok, that does sound very self-righteous,  but I mean it.  If you haven't seen this movie yet, STOP at this review and  see the flick.  It is WELL WORTH your 2 hours and 20 minutes.  <br />This  movie was so misrepresented with it's trailers, I (A bigtime action and  fighting-genre fan) didn't even have the desire to see it on the big  screen.  I expected a movie about continuous and pointless blood-spilling  fights -- what I saw, was a movie that I will never forget.  A materpiece  of society's woes.  I would reccommend that ANY adult (for the violence and  adult themes) movie fan should see this movie, and I can almost guarantee  that after one viewing you will wish to see it again.<br />Trust me, I'm not a  Brad Pitt fan, and I didn't even know who Edward Norton was before I saw  this flick (I do have a life, and I have seen his face, I just couldn't  remember him in any film), but the duo are absolutely DYNAMIC !!  This  movie gets 5 STARS !!!
0767903854|2.0|I'm a huge Bill Bryson fan, so I preordered his latest book and was pretty disappointed.  The research, as always, is meticulous, but there wasn't one page that had any big roaring laughs on it, which is what makes his other  books such standouts among travel literature.  No weird encounters with  sheep shearers or people at laundrymats or anything.  I really felt that  Mr. Bryson was just plodding through a pretty boring writing  assignment--either that, or he has truly become very middle-aged.  Next  time, I hope he brings along Steve Katz or maybe one of his own children to  lighten things up again.  Read this book if you want to learn a lot about  Australia's explorers, Aborigines, minerals, plant and animal life, but if  you want to really have fun, read any of his other travel books instead.
B000004727|5.0|In my opinion, this is the best of Paco's albums.  Paco shows how to update the traditional forms without losing any of the discipline.  It's beautifully sparse, inventive, aggressive.  Bass and other instruments are  kept to a minimum.  And Paco's playing is superlative.  This is the album  that has set the standard for flamenco guitar.
B00000IPAX|4.0|Mark Hoppus and Tom Delonge wrote great lyrics for this CD.  The worst is the Party Song because its really too fast.  I really couldn't follow the lyrics and the parts I picked up were not too good.  The second worst was  All The Small Things 'cause the lyrics made almost no sense, but it wasn't  that bad.  Besides these two tracks the rest rocked!  Some of the best  were: Anthem, What's My Age Again and Dumpweed.
0679416781|5.0|I have not seen the film.  This is one of the best books I have had the pleasure of reading.  I laid aside the &quot;Who done its&quot; as I could not put it down.  I usually read several books at a time. It appears the  author was indeed in these places at these times. I could feel with the  subjects. I highly recommend it to those who love literature as well as  good detective stories. Thank you.   HJS Clark
B000002UA0|5.0|Althought not the first cd Floyd appeared in,(London 66-67) this is one of their best. Listen to the ltrics of Barret and you all will know what I'm talking about. Bike is a good tune but is the only song that the lyrics  kinda go downhill. I recommend Matilda Mother and Flaming. All in all good  songs. Buy it
B000002KD5|5.0|Pay attention to the depths of sounds, the varied instrumentation in the backround as you listen to &quot;Crystal&quot;. This is a very mellow F Mac song from their first album in the incarnation that everyone is so familiar  with (Mick Fleetwood, John and Christine McVie, Lindsey Buckingham and  Stevie Nicks)...called &quot;Fleetwood Mac&quot;, the album was largely  ignored by critics until &quot;Rhiannon&quot; became popular. (Later, of  course, the wildly popular &quot;Rumours&quot; went on to set many records  which still stand today.)     There were ten other songs on the  &quot;Fleetwood Mac&quot; LP besides &quot;Rhiannon&quot; (a classic in its  own right), songs that were never given the respect that they deserved.  &quot;Say You Love Me&quot; and &quot;Monday Morning&quot; got some rather  frequent airplay ... &quot;Landslide&quot; became a hit years after the  album's 1975 release and was eventually covered by a bland and faceless  90's band. &quot;World Turning&quot; is a bit of a sleeper, with a funky  beat that is both disturbing yet infectious, and drum tracks from Mick  Fleetwood which show his true genius with the tubs and hats. In that same  vein is &quot;I'm So Afraid&quot;, with its wild minor-keyed sound and  despairing lyrics. &quot;Warm Ways&quot; will take you to the tropics with  its &quot;steel guitar&quot; sound sliding in and out of your ears.    But  &quot;Crystal&quot; speaks to me. It talks of a lifetime of aloneness (as  opposed to loneliness) that is eased by a comfortable-feeling relationship  - a relationship that was recognized instantly for the life-changing event  that it is - and the enduring steadfastness of that love. Lyrically simple  yet powerful, this song combines a meaningful message with some of the  richest tapestries of music this talented band ever created. It also  typifies the band that exemplifies and epitomizes the 70's music scene -  the multi-talented, multi-faceted Fleetwood Mac.
B00004OCRN|2.0|The domestic version is the same as the CD3.  The solo in &quot;Tougher than the Rest&quot; is edited out and the intro to &quot;Chimes of Freedom&quot; is gone.  Buy the import, which is the same as the LP and is  unedited.
B000002ADT|5.0|Joseph Machlis, the eminent music historian, once said of the music of Mozart something to the effect of &quot;at one time in the world, all pain was relieved, all tensions released...&quot;  Miles' KIND OF BLUE is that  for our century, for our world, for our time.  And this new remaster makes  it such for the next century for even die hard jazz fans and musicians who  have a few copies already.<br />You may never hear in life such hyperbole like  jazz musicians thinking with one mind and letting God in to play be  redeemed as in this CD.  Each piece calls to mind an unexpected comingling  of emotions like joy, melancholy, anxiety, humor... the soul of jazz is on  this CD- and really the soul of all American Music, at it's most  introspective and yet not solipsistic or arrogant.  Cannonball Adderly said  that God made this CD.  He was right.  And the alternate take of Flamenco  Sketches, which I first wanted to avoid as if I were a fundamentalist  preacher being handed the Nag Hammadi Library, is actually one of the best  things on it.<br />If you are interested enough to read a review on it, you  must own it.
B000008H1R|5.0|This elegant, subtle and sophisticated album somehow avoided the hype of other releases of the time and clearly avoided the bombast of later Tull releases. This is early Tull (I believe this to be their their third album)  but there is an inflection point here which would characterize later works.  Benefit is where Ian Anderson finally discovered his &quot;voice&quot;.  This is a personal favorite of mine; the songwriting is wondrous, the  album's production values are advanced, especially for 1970, the  combinbation of Martin Barre's Les Paul crunch with Ian's acoustic  strumming makes for a delightful contrast. Also, the flute arrangements fit  nicely within the fabric of the songs, moreso than with previous releases.  There seems to be a wonderful logic to the arrangement of the songs as they  nicely complement each other.  Personal favorites, With you there to help  me, Nothing to say, Sossity (absolutely magnificent!), Time for everything  and, of course, Teacher.
B000002E5J|4.0|Pies Descalzos Shakira's first album ( world wide ) Makes her off to a great start. Her voice on a scale from 1 to 10 is a 100! She has tunes that will keep you rocking out. Pies Descalzos her main hit is a rock song. Un  poco de Amor is more of a rap song. Her music is also teriffic. If you get  this Cd ( and all her others) you won't be disappointed.
0767903854|5.0|Thank you, thank you, thank you, Bill.  As a proud Australian, it has been a never-ending source of irritation that Australia is forever portrayed as a land of beer-swilling &quot;yobbos&quot; who say &quot;cobber&quot; and  &quot;fair dinkum&quot; rather a lot.  For instance, 'The Simpsons' -  usually such a witty, clever and insightful show - completely missed the  point in their Australian episode.  Finally, someone has managed to capture  a bit of the character of this great country.  He releases it from the  shackles of the Paul Hogan stereotype.<br />This is a terrific read.  Bryson  has, mercifully, gone well and truly off the beaten track to explore many  different parts of Australia - the cities, the outback, the tropics, and  everything else in between.  But as ever with a Bill Bryson book, more than  the destination itself, the pleasure is in getting there.  Laugh-out-loud  moments abound, though perhaps more in the restrained way of &quot;A Walk  in the Woods&quot;, as opposed to the guffaw-fest that is &quot;Neither  Here Nor There&quot;.<br />You don't have to be at all familiar with Australia  to appreciate and enjoy this book.  I am, sadly, one of those Australians  to which Bryson refers that has never seen Ayers Rock / Uluru myself.  In  fact, I have never been to the majority of places Bryson visits.  It was a  revelation for me, too.<br />Bryson once again recounts numerous historical  and trivial anecdotes which, together with his unique view of the world,  elevate this book well above the mere travel genre.  This is insightful,  this is informative, this is FUNNY.<br />Perversely, my only criticism is  perhaps that he likes Australia a little too much.  God knows, I'm so  pleased that he does.  However, he is, I believe, at his best when  distressed.  Dull and drab places, and stupid, mindless people bring out  the devil in Bill Bryson, and have always proven to be useful comic fair.   There are elements of that here - his body boarding experience, his views  on Canberra, and his trials and tribulations with hotel receptionists in  Darwin - but at the end of the day, opportunities to vent his sarcastic wit  are somewhat limited.<br />Being an enthusiastic and devoted fan of the great  Stephen Katz, I would also have loved to have seen him deal with the  hardships of outback Australia.  He would have absolutely LOATHED  it.<br />Read this book.  It is a treat.
0812567110|5.0|This is an absorbing book, that brings you into a different world from ours but still brings up important issues to us.  It can be funny, but also criticizes wanting to be young forever.  Dorian's change from being normal  to being without feeling is interesting but creepy, since it could happen  to us as well.  This is an important book to read, and is also  entertaining.
B000020617|5.0|I'll be short as I can. This album rocks! It's one of the only albums I have that I can listen to entirely from first to last song. One of the greatest albums of 1999 &amp; 2000 so far. I had no idea Dave Grohl knew  how to right such melodic yet still rough songs. They rule!
B00004SYWZ|5.0|It's been seven long years since the Norwegian  trio released new music under the a-ha moniker, and their latest release, &quot;Minor Earth, Major Sky&quot; is a triumphant return for a group best known for &quot;Take on  Me&quot;. This release can best be described as gorgeous, melancholy pop.  &quot;Summer Moved On&quot;, the first single, is a stirring yet haunting  song that gets addictive with every listen. The remainder of the album is a  much stripped down version of their 80's synth-pop, a fresh vision of a-ha  for the new millennium. Overall, a very refreshing musical journey. Best  tracks: Summer Moved On, Minor Earth, Major Sky, The Sun Never Shone That  Day.
B00003W8NM|1.0|An interesting beginning gives way to pointless violence, childish pranks and plot twists for the sake of plot twists.  I could kick myself for sitting through the entire mess.  I hated this movie.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I have to say that I loved this movie!  It is funny,exciting, and filled with fights. This movie is my favorite. Brad Pitt and Edward Norton are awesome. I think you will like this movie!
0440219078|5.0|Lowis Lowry is magnificent. She makes her world really come true. She makes you think about the possibilities of genetic engineering. This  is definitly worth a read at 180 pgs. It's fast and interesting.
0553473328|5.0|This book entralled me from the first word at the beginning to the last word on the last page. This author has a rare gift for giving us what our hearts desire: Hope for love everlasting, Oneness with our mates and the  sense that love can survive anything if the two people are well matched.  The story heightened all my senses as I read. She took me there, I could  see and feel what was going on, my emotions were on red alert. Seldom has  an author taken me to such heights. This wasn't just a pretty love story,  the historical aspects cried out to my scots blood and entwined with my  intimate imagination.  I thank the author for her research and power to  take me on a trip that I'll want to experience over and over. I look  forward to the rest of the series and rereading the whole series in years  to come!
B000009EAD|5.0|Iced Earth is a bizzare mix of thrash and power metal that's sure to please fans of Iron Maiden, Testament, Anthrax, and Pantera. Something Wicked This Way Comes might just be their best record yet. Opening with the  throbbing &quot;Burning Times&quot; (very reminescent of Slayer's  &quot;Postmortem&quot;), SWTWC quickly turns soft. &quot;Melancholy&quot;  is one of the most 'accessible', poppy tunes on the album. This pattern  (heavy song, soft song) continues throughout--providing for a unique  listen. The best songs are: Disciples of the Lie, The Reaping Stone  (Danzigy, with a similar riff to Metallica's &quot;The Thing That Should  Not Be&quot;), 1776 (the best instrumental ever), Burning Times,  Consequences (close to Testament's &quot;The Ballad&quot;), and Watching  Over Me---which is one of the best songs ever written (about Jon Schaffer,  rythm guitarist's, friend, killed in a motorcycle crash). WOM is worth the  price of Something Wicked althogether.<br />Also, as an added bonus, the last  three songs are concept tunes, about Jon's fictional character, that flow  into one another nicely. IE is slated to release a concept album about him  later on. <br />Matt Barlow's a great vocalist, whose voice is strange and  unique... drums are good, and Schaffer's rythm playing is the best since  Scott Ian. IF you like metal, pick this up NOOOOOW!
B0000296SI|4.0|the mere existence of this album proves how much blink 182 have changed since the earlier albums. the point of an edited album is silly. also, the sound has changed soooooo much, it seems that as theyve grown up, they r  writin bout more teenage situations, just cos thats what sells. newayz, if  u want sum good pop/punk, check out the earlier albums cos they rock!
B00004TH7Z|4.0|Brave New World marks Iron Maiden's return to a scene saturated with bands they are responsible for creating....  and this album is more than enough to prove that Maiden is back! After ten years of spotty, boring albums, and the unceremonial exit of Bruce Dickinson and Adrian Smith, the classic lineup is back. Brave New World is a resounding statement from metal's finest, and should stand the test of time for years to come.<br />\\"The Wicker Man\\" opens off with a trademark Maiden riff, and proves to be one of the most memorable metal songs in recent history. The first 4 tracks alone eclipse much of Maiden's 90s material. Bruce's voice is in prime form, which is none more apparent than on \\"Blood Brothers\\", an Steve Harris epic that moves from start to finish.<br />Of course, it is far from perfect... some of the songs stretch on too long, weighed down by repetitive vocal lines, and there is the odd dud here are there (Nomad, anyone..). But all gripes aside, Brave New World is a terrific return to form from a legendary band. Up the Irons!
B00004TRD8|5.0|This is the sequel to Terminator, James Cameron's first majr blockbster.  The basic story of T2 is two cyborgs(Arnold Schwartzenegger and Robert  Patrick) are sent back in time. One to kill the future leader of the human  resistance in the war with super intelligent machines(John Connor AKA  Edward Furlong), the other to protect him. Unlike the first Terminator,  Schwartzenegger plays the role of the hero and is more humane in his  actions. Like most of James Cameron's movies, special effects are  outstanding, as is the action. However, there has always been one thing  that has always bugged me about Cameron's movies. The theatrical releases  are often cut to shorten the experience and take away from the actual story  being presented. Examples of this are &quot;The Abyss&quot; and  &quot;Aliens&quot;. There is more action, with a better symbolisation of  motherhood in Aliens with lost footage intact. In the Abyss, characters are  given more depth with the alien encounter becoming all the more profound in  the special edition. And just like those two movies, Terminator 2 is a far  more superior film when presented in it's complete form compared to its  theatrical doppleganger. Charcaters are given more life, especially Arnie  in his interactions with Furlong which go a long way to explaining Arnies  more cuddly side, as well Sarah Connor's(Linda Hamilton) concerns over the  machine which is watching over her son. Highlights of the new footage are  the scene where Furlong opens up Arnies's head to reprogramme him, and the  Sarah's dream where Kyle Reese(Michael Biehn, the hero from the first  movie) forewarns her about the impending danger that their son is about to  face. This is by far a superior edition. Forget the theatrical edition.  This is the way the movie should have been. (I've heard rumors that Titanic  is missing twenty minutes of footage. Could Cameron's record with special  editions continue? We'll have to wait and see. ^_^)
B00004T9UF|5.0|Well, he's back, crazier then ever and pushing his 1st amendment rights to the limit. Favorites were Kill you, Stan, The Real Slim, Marshall Mathers, B**** Please II and Criminal. I didn't really like the guest rappers except  Dre and co, seems like they just couldn't keep up. For the strangest  reason, this CD helps me relax when I'm angry, weird huh? Don't have the  Shady lp, but looks like I might get it now. This is a really good  CD.<br />WARNING: ... This is ... NOT a CD for people who take thing seriously.  ...o, please wear rubber gloves.ul.<br />5.)  Who Knew - This one is about how he didn't know that kids would do what he  says.<br />6.) Steve Berman (skit) - A skit about a meeting with record  executive Steve Berman.<br />7.) The Way I Am - Explains why he acts how he  acts.<br />8.) The Real Slim Shady - The first single off the album.  Says he  is the true Slim Shady and everyone who claims to be are just  imitating.<br />9.) Remember Me? (ft. RBX &amp; Sticky Fingaz) - The first  track to include guest rappers.  About how he is still rapping and won't  leave.<br />10.) I'm Back - One of my favorites, a song that proves he's back  for more dissing.<br />11.) Marshall Mathers - The track that is flourishing  with dirty comments about 'NSYNC, Britney Spears, ICP and others.<br />12.)  Ken Kaniff (skit) - The nastiest, most obscence track on the LP.  A  encounter with the oral pleasures between Ken Kaniff and the Insane Clown  Posse.<br />13.) Drug Ballad - About how the press is all up in his  face.<br />14.) Amityville (ft. Bizarre) - The ode to his hometown,  Detroit.<br />15.) Bitch Please II (ft. Dre, Snoop, Xzibit &amp; Nate Dogg) -  The sequel to the original track on Snoop Dogg's &quot;Top Dogg.&quot;   Features blazing appearances by Dre &amp; Snoop.<br />16.) Kim - The most  disturbing track on the album.  This one is about killing his girlfriend  (now wife) Kim Scott.  This was originally titled &quot;Bitch So  Wrong.&quot;<br />17.) Under theInfluence - The catchiest hook provides that  if you don't his music, you can suck his d##k.<br />18.) Criminal - The final  track is about when he says he wants to kill someone, everyone thinks he  will.<br />Well, this has been a brief breakdown of the latest release from  Eminem, &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP.&quot;  If you love rap, you should  definitely cop this.  But if you like all that teeny bopper s##t, DON'T BUY  IT!
044022165X|4.0|After 'A Time to Kill', and 'The Runaway Jury', 'The Rainmaker', is my third favourite John Grisham novel.  These particular Grisham books all have one thing in common:  courtroom drama.<br />There's nothing I like better  than a David and Goliath story and that's just what Grisham delivers in  'The Rainmaker', in which he pits Rudy Baylor, a lawyer fresh out of law  school, against Great Benefit Insurance and its lawyer Leo Drummond in a  bad-faith claim lawsuit.  What really made this book is the Black vs. Great  Benefit case, and how an insurance company would bend over backwards to not  get caught in its own lies.<br />Prior to the court case, the book goes into  some detail about the life of Rudy Baylor, law student, and his struggles  to get himself through school and into the labour market.  However, this  insight isn't really necessary and the book could've easily lost 50 pages  without the reader noticing a difference.<br />The movie 'The Rainmaker', with  Matt Damon as Rudy Baylor and Danny DeVito as Deck and John Voight as Leo  Drummond, does an excellent condensed version of the book.  It's time well  spent on either reading the book or watching the movie.
6305807043|4.0|Okay, if you've seen the movie then that title should be somewhat amusing. If you haven't go and rent it/buy it so you know what I'm talking about!  I've seen a lot of weird things in my life but this movie outdoes nearly   everything I have ever seen/heard of. If you can get past the kinky sex  (there is quite a bit of this... it was somewhat unecessary and very  disturbing, and my only problem with the movie), and enjoy the movie then  you are in for a good time. This movie is clever, witty, raised some  interesting questions and above all is the most bizarre movie that you will  ever come across. If you're looking for something entertaining and off the  beaten track then this is it.
B000002JSN|5.0|Physical Graffiti is among Led Zeppelin's best albums. It's a very ambitious album, containing a little bit of everything that Zep ever experimented with. The first CD is pretty much just straight-forward hard  rock, but the second CD has much more variety. The most notable songs here  are Custard Pie, Trampled Under Foot, Ten Years Gone, Houses Of The Holy,  Down By The Seaside, and of course the indelible Zeppelin classic, Kashmir.  Every track is great, however. Every rock fan should own this.
0441172717|5.0|Power! imagination! drama! a masterpiece!<br />Those are but a few of the superlatives that describe this book. Saying the least, Dune is the best si-fi book of all times. An unparalleled saga painted on the vast canvas of  Herbert's imagination in vivid colors, but that metaphor is only a  two-dimensional view of a manifold work. It's a complete Herbertian  Universe with all the detail and intricacy of reality. No si-fi author gets  close to the perfection he achieved here. The plot, or should I say plots,  twist and turn in completely unpredictable ways, like the non-rhythmic  dance of the Fremen. I am yet to see another author that eludes  anticipation like Herbert. <br />The intrigue! The sophistication! So  exquisite! The cast of larger-then-life figures in classical rolls, the  Hero and the Villain, the Tragic and the Noble, Arch-typical yet not  stereotypical. A unique writing style combining the broad objective view  point of third person account, with the subjective &quot;thoughts&quot; of  first person. <br />Not to mention the scope and the breath, Herbert plays out  philosophical and political, environmental and religious themes with  unmatched canny. He was a thinker way ahead of his time, way ahead of OUR  time! Maybe future generations will appreciate his full genius. I can not  think of any other Si-Fi book that surpasses Dune, with the possible  exception of &quot;God Emperor of Dune&quot; on greater philosophical and  political depth. <br />No si-fi fan that respects himself could miss reading  this book, but it really is a classic for all to read. <br />&quot;The truth  carries the ambiguity of the word used to express it&quot; (Frank Herbert  -- 'God Emperor of Dune')
630245333X|5.0|Ok, i was a fan of the original and i am also a great fan of this version. I don't know why it took so long for me to buy the video.  I saw it when it 1st came out, but as i say, YOU gotta get this one!   Also, my wife and I  note that Kevin Dillon in this version looks like my brother did at the the  time the movie was made. Its funnny, we always joke about it. Get the  Movie!
B00003W8NM|4.0|Fight Club is a movie that I very much wanted to like without reservation. There was so much going for it: Every actor fit their role; the script was an almost perfect transliteration of Palahniuk's novel, in that it  maintained his dark comedy and retained the book's best lines (like a good  adapted screenplay should, Fight Club distilled the source novel: The  visuals seemed the ideal extension of Palahnuik's words, as though the  viewer might be imagining the images on their own); plus the Dust Brothers'  score was energetic and the editing and lighting so appropriate to the  film's tone that they seemed to tie everything up into a neat and seamless  bundle. Combine this with the overall intensity of the movie and a handful  of ingenious and clever effects and there doesn't seem to be much wrong  with Fight Club.<br />But it stumbled for me. Just about precisely at the  midpoint of the movie, everything fell apart. The personal  anti-consumerist, self-discovery-through-descent focus of the first half  (&quot;self-improvement is masturbation&quot;) gives way to a more overtly  philosophical assault on the world at large. The most inventive angle of  the movie (and the book) was the internal focus of Fight Club: How people  (men) fight to define themselves given a lack of wars or depressions or  other external stimuli. When this gives way to the more cliched &quot;man  against the machine&quot; (or guerrilla cell against the machine) plot of  Operation Mayhem, the movie loses it's real edge.<br />But in spite of this,  it still manages one of the best twists of the year.<br />All in all, Fight  Club remains a very very good movie, but not a great movie.
B00000JS1M|5.0|THere are eight tracks that will take you into Engalnd in the 80s full metal, great lyrics, amazing riffs, an astonishing lead singer, a fast drummer, everything!
B000001F6T|5.0|Stonedhenge is a good TYA album. It includes six great blues-rock songs with four short solo songs from each of the band members. This was their first studio album so I believe the band was just having fun with all the  studio effects that were available at the time. Alvin Lee himself mentioned  this in the liner notes to &quot;Sssh&quot;. There is good guitar and  keyboard work on this album, especially on &quot;No Title&quot; and  &quot;Woman Trouble&quot;. On &quot;A Sad Song&quot; the cymbal is miked so  closely that it sounds &quot;heavy&quot;. There are lots of special effects  on the songs and you can have fun reading the album notes trying to figure  out who does what. So put on your headphones and turn it up!
B00004TH7Z|2.0|I love Maiden, but this is yet another cheap attempt to make money by this band. The drums are better, Dickinson is amazing as always, but as long as Janick Gers stays on board, nothing will change from the bombs  &quot;X-FACTOR&quot;  and &quot;VITURAL ELEVEN&quot;. His solos are  horrible, and theres no room for his guitar playing along Murray and  Smith, one of the more charismatic guitar duo of all times (They play  together since they were fifteen!) ANyway, it is better than the last  albuns.
0767903854|4.0|Bill Bryson makes several trips around and across Australia by train, plane and car.  He goes boogie boarding and snorkling - he drives across the desert and finds interesting facts about each place he visits.  He has  done his homework - his facts are spot on.  Funny and a really good read.
B000023X9W|5.0|This has to be the best CD by far since his classic work Harvest Moon. The songs are inspirational and the text flows along perfectly with the mellow themes. I have been an avid fan of Neil Young since the good ol' days of  Buffalo Springfield, and I cannot get enough of this great stuff.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|When I bought this video I did have high expectations, but NOTHING could have been as high as what I was about to see. This is a true 21st. century masterpiece, not only because of the shockingly realistic violence, but  also because of it's philosophy etc. It actually features many of the best  sides of my favorite movies; the society critization of &quot;Falling  Down&quot;, the violent descriptions of &quot;Clockwork Orange&quot;, the  psychologic elements of &quot;The Shining&quot; of &quot;One Fllew Over The  Cuckoo's Nest&quot;, the negative effects of power from &quot;Citizen  Kane&quot; and the stunningly brilliant humor of the Coen bros. movies.  This is a true masterpiece, wich should be rated as one of the most  important social movies to date. Plus; the soundtrack is excellent, Edward  Norton and Helena Bonham Carter are especially impressive, and the  photography is high quality. You don't bump into many of these in your  life, I got to tell you...
B00000K0T8|5.0|This album is outstanding! The production quality is top notch. I purchased this album after listening to Ghostfaces &quot;Supreme Clientele&quot;, hoping to find something just as good. What i heard blew  &quot;Clientele&quot; out of the water. Ghosts style couldn't get any  hotter. The samples and cadence of the beats are perfect. The song  &quot;After the Smoke....&quot; gets play in my car every day. not to  mention the heartfelt &quot;All that I Need Is You&quot;. Ghost and Mary  intertwine the rugged w/ the velvety soft in an unlikely duo. I'm not  usually a fan of skits on albums, actually I'm vehemently against them.  Ghost's skits dont bug me though, they actually sort of help the album  progress in a way. The album is off the hook, so if you don't have it you  should grab it.
0448060191|5.0|Alcott's novel recounting the lives of the March family is aremarkable book reflective of her own unusual upbringing (the Marchesare all modeled after her real-life family, from her artistic sister May to her scholarly father).  The story is written episodically, making for ideal bedtime reading, and is filled with lessons of early feminism, transcendtal theories, and the advanced ideas of the Civil War era that Alcott absorbed from her father.<br />I've read this book for a decade, and only recently made a trip to the Alcott house in Boston.  What a wonderful way to come back to a book that shaped my life and ideas of independence.
B000005H4H|5.0|with this album boggles my mind.  It is one of the best jazz records ever made, and still sounds fresh and hip nearly 40 years after it was recorded.<br />If for nothing else, listen to Tony Williams on the  drums-amazing playing that ushered in a whole new era of jazz drumming.
079073463X|3.0|I remember absolutely loving Ladyhawke when I first saw it in my teens. I caught it on cable the othe rnight however and realised that it hasn't really aged that well... Whereas the storytelling is not remarkable it is  nevertheless an enjoyable film if you're a bit of a romanticist. The cast  is well put together although Mouse may occasionally come across as too  much of a cynical and fast talking 90's teen for my liking. Pfeiffer and  Hauer gel well and the supporting cast do what is expected of them.  <br />Unfortunately this flick also features the worst music score I can think  of and it is difficult to actually watch the movie without constantly  getting annoyed by the soundtrack. In fact, when I think about is this  atrociousness may be a reason in itself to watch the movie!
B000002IQ9|5.0|...Uh, excuse me, I have to get this album on CD!
0780622545|5.0|&quot;Dark City&quot; is the intellectual sibling of the action oriented &quot;The Matrix.&quot;  The film deals with similar subject matter (just what IS reality, anyway?) and has an even gloomier visual style than  &quot;The Matrix.&quot;  There the similarity ends as &quot;Dark City&quot;  explores the darkest depths of the imagination.  The visuals are stunning,  the acting is superb (biggest revelation, Kiefer Sutherlan CAN act) and the  ending is quite satisfying.  This is a sci-fi film for those who spend  their time reading serious sci-fi novels rather than &quot;Star Wars&quot;  serials.
B00003CX7L|5.0|This is the movie that will take you to another world as you feel for each of the characters.  You become involved with their adventures, cheering them on and when the movie comes to an end, you will be asking for more.  I  felt that this movie was better than the first.  It has a better story than  the first and the fact that there is no evil little boy trying to blow them  up made it quite nice.  Don't get me wrong, I also really enjoyed the first  one; however, the second seems to have more to it in every aspect.  They  took something great and made it better.<br />Overall, an absolutely wonderful  show for all in your family.  A must own!
0684872153|4.0|I'm a huge fiction buff, but , hearing about Angela this and Angela that, I approached the book with a desire  to appreciate more non-fiction.  To be absolutely frank, I found the style of writing very charming and  inquisitively innocent, yet about halfway through the book, I found it a  little pretentious because the style was always like that, never changing.   I suppose I opened the book with a fiction lover's mind.  About  three-quarters through, my interest came back and peaked, and I rushed   helter skelter into the novel, plowing through the rest of it in a mere  hour.  I'm giving it four stars for several reasons: 1) some people may not  appreciate the charming style; it's a most interesting style, but I had  friends who thought it was too much of the same thing, 2) for some people,  the story seems to lack a definitive goal, a definitive plot.  Personally,  I found the book at times amazing.  My interest in it was greatly  unbalanced, but even now, I do conclude that people should read this.  Not  only for the fun of it, but for the experience of it; it is a really  harrowing, hilarious, and uplifting account what some of us don't  experience.
6305842442|5.0|If one were to name the top ten movies to get on DVD, Blade Runner would be there. I also like the original better, but I think it is because I saw it first. (on to the point of my title)- WHY do I have to choose when DVDs  can have BOTH the original and new versions- I should be making these  things, it's not rocket science-- where are the xtras? If the studios would  stop slappin em together to get em out the door we might actually get DVDs  as they were meant to be!
B000002GJH|5.0|This is classic album and a fitting tribute to Andrew Wood!
B0000027I6|1.0|Ok, I think Roger Waters is great and what he did with the floyd is beyond amazing, but, seriously, what the hell has he done lately? I'm gonna write on a few points which will show why I don't like this record.  : what  happened to the Roger who, way back,  sang &quot;shine on...&quot;  His  voice was amazing on that song. When I first heard it i didn't even think  it was him, I really thought it was Dave Gilmour for a while. Anyway, I  think Rogers singing voice has been used to death. He wasn't the best  vocalist in floyd,(that would be Gilmour), but even with the floyd, his  voice sounded 100 times better than on Amused to death. Even on his other  solo albums his vocals were stronger than 'Amused.....' On this record it  sounds like he's moaning or something half the time. Ok, this album has  crossed the fine line of brilliance and cheese. I cannot like this record  for some reason, and I liked &quot;pros and cons&quot; and  even &quot;the  final cut&quot;. Roger has gone to far and needs to step back into reality,  or stop recording all together, cause this record is an audio disaster.  Just to tell you how much I didn't like this record, Upon many dissatisfied  listenings, I literally threw it in the trash, sparing someone else from  possibly hearing that copy. So,  my copy of &quot;Amused to Death, is  hopefuly buried deep in a land fill somewhere decomposing, and I've never  been happier.
0671027344|5.0|This book takes the reader inside a teen's mind, being a teen myself I found myself relating to various aspects of the main character. The story is powerful and will leave you wanting more. I didn't want the story to be over. The novel shows what it is truly like to grow up in this day and age.  It expresses all of the many things we as teens are faced with. I was over  joyed that finally an author has captured the true nature of the American  Teenager. I was amazed at how much of the book I related too and how much  of it was just outstanding. I found myself laughing and almost crying. It  well worth your time and energy. This book will change you forever, I  promise you that.
0964385619|4.0|I really enjoyed reading this book.  It was an easy read with a lot of substance. I have always said &quot;I need more money.&quot; What I need is a finacial education. Reading this book has helped me change my way of  thinking about money and just getting more jobs. I have always wanted to  have my own business, but thought it was impossible unless you have lots of  money or loans. Robert does mention that 9 out of 10 businesses fail in the  1st year and 9 out of 10 that succeed fail in the 1st 5 years.  I knew this  already and figured I would never be able to do it, but he points out that  the main reason for this is because we have not been taught about money and  most people to not know how to successfully manage finacially.  I thought  there would be more &quot;how to's&quot; included in this book, and what it  left me with is wanting more information and more of his books. What a  great marketing technique! I would love to attend one of his  classes/seminars.
B00003Q438|4.0|First of all, this Special Edition DVD set is BEYOND excellent, and worthy of at least twice the maximum 5-star Amazon rating.  It will take you DAYS to go through all the special features!  As far as the film itself goes, I  would give it no more than 3 stars.  I found it to be long, tedious, and  exhausting.  I felt like I was underwater, too, and was sort of relieved  when the movie ended.  The characters are likable (even the so-called  \\"Queen B---- of the Universe\\").  The acting is good.  The cinematography is  spectacular.  But the action is hard to follow, and the dialogue consists  mostly of expletives.  Don't make the mistake (as I did) of watching the  \\"theatrical version\\" first.  The first two hours or so of this version are  spent building up to an encounter with the mysterious ocean-dwelling  aliens, then a good chunk of the long-awaited payoff scene is lost to the  cutting room floor!  Thankfully, this critical ending sequence has been  restored for the Special Edition version, making the plot significantly  less mindboggling, but (regrettably) a half hour or so longer.  Still, even  if you are a little bored buy The Abyss, this disc is worth buying -- if  only to see what a REAL \\"Special Edition\\" DVD is supposed to look like.
B00002R0MC|5.0|Cause all I ever had, redemption song.             These songs of freedom.
0451169514|4.0|King's old '50-esque curse of the mummy, teenage werewolf, vampire, creature from the black lagoon thing was really starting to get on my nerves, but I have to say, it all works very well in this book (he even  ties in It Came From Outer Space!).  This book could be described as King's  opus, and I enjoyed it more so than The Stand (although that's largely  because of The Stand's ending, but that's another story).  The  characterization of the children in this story was very well done, and  their transformation into adulthood (as well as the effects of their shared  trauma) completely worked for me.  The ending was the only reason I didn't  give it 5 stars...I find King typically falters a bit at the end of his  stories, but this time I don't think it was so much a problem of how to end  the book as it was how do you live up to the ending you've built up to?  Don't base your opinions on the TV movie, if you saw it - check out the  book and find out why It's so scary!
B00001ZWTT|1.0|If you think Will Smith is a good actor then the movie is for you. The movie is very bad, there is neither acting nor plot in it. The special effets are very weak, when you see the movie you see the blue screen  process used for the scenes. If you want to begin a therapy for depression  you can watch it.
B00003W8NM|5.0|OK, we all know that Fight Club is a great movie. The DVD, however, is incredible. This is what DVD's should be. From the funky packaging, to FOUR commentary tracks, from tons of behind the scenes vignettes, a kicka**  soundtrack and deleted scenes(the mythical musical number and alternate  ending are NOT on the DVD as had been rumored), this is what DVD buyers  dream of. The audio is outstanding and will make anyone with a surround  sound system go insane. It was worth a couple of delays to get to this  finished product. I think that Fight Club will set a standard for what  DVD's SHOULD be and we will all be the lucky recipients!
6305903182|1.0|This movie is representative of today Hollywood standards, that is to say  a movie with no plot nor acting. The movie is very stupid with a lot of  involuntary humor. It is not scary at all, when i see it i fell asleep.  This movie is only a product for teenagers. If i could i would give 0 star  for the movie. The movie will bee forgot after 1 month, it is like eating  an hamburger at Mac-Donald.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem has definitely topped his also-spectacular Slim Shady LP.  The new disc is much more musical and much more lyrically challenging, and it reflects the expanded experience that Eminem has gone through since Slim  Shady came out.  The second track, &quot;Kill You,&quot; is hilarious, and  his versatility and tongue-twisting lyrical style makes me listen to  certain passages over and over again---even though I understood what he  said the first time---just marveling at his ability to compile and deliver  such a torrent of words with such speed, precision, inflection, and  meaning.  The only bad track on the disc is #3, &quot;Stan,&quot; but maybe  it will grow on me in time.  &quot;Kim&quot; is, as MTV's Kurt Loder said,  &quot;the most disturbing thing I've ever heard,&quot; ...
0684843749|5.0|I am a personal trainer with 3 certifications, 2 from ACE and one from the Baylor Institute of Medicine.  I beleive this book is worth every penny and then some. It is written in a nice and easy to read style.  If you are well  read on the body and enjoy exploring new techniques or need to master old  ones, this is the book.  I loved learning about who he was and how he faced  his challenges in his career and how used his mind to focus his energy for  his success in building an awesome body.  You will learn so much from the  book, from how to be focused,picking a gym,a partner,diet,nutrition and of  course how to buil the altimate body.  I do not do steroids and I strongly  believe that wheather you are trying to learn some basic techniques or  trying to compete in body building this book is by far the best one. I have  read a lot of books I gaurantee you that if you read this you will learn,  grow(metally and physically) and enjoy the stories of how body building and  how lifting weights came to life. He does not spend to much time on the  history of body building but he does educate you a bit on it in the  beggining.I think it is nice to know s little history on the subject. Last  Note: Get the hardcover book (it is very nice) and read this book before  you decide to go the Frank Zane route.
B000002J1O|5.0|&quot;Selling England...&quot; is in many ways more silent and beautiful than the earlier Genesis albums, and therefore it is an obvious place to start for fans knowing their newer albums.<br />The album is highly succesful,  and nearly all of the tracks stand as masterpieces. The one weak point is  Peter's voice on especially &quot;Firth of Fifth&quot; bur also  &quot;Cinema Show&quot; - I think these songs sound much better with Phil  on vocals (get &quot;Seconds Out&quot;. On the other hand, Peter is  marvelous on &quot;Battle Of Epping Forest&quot; and &quot;Dancing With A  Moonlit Knight&quot;.<br />But &quot;Selling England...&quot; lives on it's  music. The musical solos on &quot;Firth of Fith&quot;, &quot;Cinema  Show&quot; and &quot;After The Ordeal&quot; are more than super -  especially &quot;Firth of Fifth&quot; is absolutely fantastic.  &quot;Dancing With A Moonlit Knight&quot; is very intense and beautiful,  but the afterplay is too long. The music and lyrics of &quot;Battle of  Epping Forests&quot; are fantastic and the lyrics very funny.<br />Phil makes  his second appearance on vocals in &quot;More Fool Me&quot; - he sounds  very vulnerable and weak, which makes the song quite strong, even though  the only instrument is an acustic guitar.<br />&quot;I Know What I Like&quot;  does in many ways not fit in on this album, but it is still a nice song. So  &quot;Selling England&quot; is deffenitely one of the great Genesis albums,  and a great place to start.
0688170528|1.0|Shallow shallow shallow!  This is the kind of book that seems to have been written with either the movie deal or Oprah's book club in mind.  The NY Times review is right: the characters are one-dimensional, the plot  predictable.  If you have ever read one legal thriller, or have even a high  school education, you can easily figure out what &quot;plot twist&quot; or  &quot;emotional turmoil&quot; will come next.  What's worse, the paperback  version of the book comes with discussion points, as if the themes of  incest, social class, career, and showing of emotions were not obvious  enough.  This book is truly an example of the dumbing down of America.
B0000024JN|5.0|If you don't have this album you are a weakhouse.  Get this album, get a subwoofer, get some budweiser, and enjoy them all at the same time.  Get a hooker and some Brass Monkey if you have the time, it will add to the  atmosphere that is License To Ill.
0060194995|5.0|I like how the book talked about relationships between different races, particularly blacks and whites, as well as social classes and educational issues. The book gave good historical information about the way things used  to be bacl in the day by putting the story into a real life situation in a  book. Every facet of the racial factors discussed in the book produced a  good moral to learn from. The author did a fantastic job of developing the  characters to portray how people really acted during that time period. I  would recommend this book to teenagers who want a good book to read and  also for those who are doing book reports because it's a timely book with  so many issues in society about diversity that also has lots of revelant  information about racism.
0800141628|4.0|Stand By Me is the big-screen retelling of Stephen King's novella &quot;The Body.&quot;  If you have read the &quot;The Body&quot; you will instantly realize how true to the book this movie really is... right down  to every word in the dialog.<br />While Wil Wheaton is obviously the  &quot;main character&quot; in the movie, River Phoenix is the true star,  delivering a superb performance as the peacemaker in tough kid's clothes.  Jerry O'Connell and Cory Feldman round out the troupe in search of  overnight fame. (I still laugh when I hear &quot;I cherish these  moments&quot; as delivered by Feldman.)<br />The movie itself is a fantastic  tale, a book that was wonderfully transported to the big screen.  I highly  recommend the movie. The DVD, however, was greatly less than expected.<br />  When I get a DVD, I expect crystal clear sound and a big-theater quality  image...  This is not to be had here. If you need Spanish dialog or  subtitles, go ahead and get the DVD.  If not, don't waste the extra money:  just get the VHS tape.
6304698798|5.0|I finally started to get an idea about why I liked this movie since childhood. It has got its roots deeply in the great classical Italian operas. But it brings a new dimension to them; the capabilities of cinema.  It puts together the musical score and the screenplay so good that they  become one. Only a movie like this one gives you a taste of the power of  cinema and it brings cinema to its deserved place; the highest form of art.
6304765231|5.0|For those of you don't know this movie is Brandon Lee's last.  Tragically, he died during the last days of filming.  This film would have catapulted Brandon Lee into major-stardom.<br />Knowing this only makes the movie darker,  sadder, and more heart-wrenching.<br />Based on the comic book series of the  same name by James O'Barr, the movie stays close to its comic book roots.  Dark imagery, up-close shots, and stark contrasts add to the comic book  feel and gothic look of the movie.  The music in the film, both soundtrack  and songs, convey thoughts and imagery.<br />The Crow is a story of love and  revenge, loss and retribution.  It is a portrait of the struggle between  the pain of seeing the past, and the peace of gaining closure. Director  Alex Proyas did a wonderful job of capturing this struggle on film.<br />While  the bulk of the supporting cast is at the very least believable, Michael  Wincott is disturbingly creepy as the main antagonist &quot;Top  Dollar.&quot;  Ernie Hudson, here playing a cop who thinks he's seeing a  ghost, delivers an even performance.<br /> But the movie is ALL Brandon Lee.  He brought his martial arts background and talent to this film and gave  200%. He was also the movie's fight choreographer.  This means: sit up and  watch!<br />This movie is 80% action, 5% comedy, and 15% heart-wrenching,  tear-jerking tragedy.  Be prepared to sit on the edge of your seat, and use  up a box of kleenex.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I just love this cd I cant stop playing it. Thank God Bruce and Adrian are back and there presence is definately felt throughout the cd.  Having three guitar players is pure genius because they all have distictive styles and  by letting them shine instead of the Bass gives the cd the best sound.  Along with the time changes and harmonies missing from some works it is all  here.  And by having Bruce back makes it better. I thought Chemical Wedding  was awesome I cant beleive he outdid that. It is good to see he hasnt  missed a beat at all i swear you would think he never left. I love all the  songs but i really cant stop playing Fallen Angel Wicker Man and Nomad they  just stick out and Thin Line Between Love and HAte is like nothing they  have done before. I really hope this cd puts them back on the metal map  because this cd is a new classic.
0767821769|5.0|Here is a movie that probably most people can relate to, as its main plot focuses on relationships--&amp; complicated ones at that. This is a movie about real-life situations that will cause a person to take pause for  thought, for sure. The performances by everyone were OUTSTANDING, even  provoking me to tears, &amp; for me, that's a rare happening! I definitely,  highly recommend this one, &amp; without me revealing the plot or other  juicy details, I'll just say it's worth watching, &amp; I very much enjoyed  this one. I've watched it more than once, &amp; know I'll be watching it  again probably several more times sometime in the future. Isn't one you'll  soon forget, as a lot of movies oftentimes are very forgettable.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is in my opinion, one of the best movies of last year. The acting is superb and so is the writing. Protests of over-the-top violence in this film leave me a bit confused. Yeah, so there is a lot of fist fighting, but  for the exception of one fight, everyone is a good sport whether they win  or lose. I'm sure a fight could be a liberating experience because most of  us go through life trying to avoid confrontation for whatever reason. That  is beside the point, however because there is much more going in in this  film and repeated viewings are almost required. <br />The DVD has some great  features. You can listen to four different commentaries while watching the  film. There are deleted scenes, storyboards, concept art and other cool  stuff. This is the way that all DVD's should be made. All of this can be  purchased for a good price, considering that there are two DVD's in this  edition. Highly Recommended!
0792840461|4.0|THE THOMAS CROWN AFFAIR is the best Steve McQueen movie I have seen so far. I must admit that I still have serious doubts about his acting abilities but his performance or shall we say his presence in this Norman  Jewison movie is one to be remembered.<br />The 1968 label attached upon each  scene of the THOMAS CROWN AFFAIR is, the least one can say, manifest. Split  screens &quot;&agrave; la DePalma&quot;, a GRADUATE-like title song doomed to be a  worldly hit, light critics of the american system and a  pseudo-revolutionary cinematography are the trademark of this film.<br />In  spite of this artificial envelope, the movie still delivers. The seduction  scene between Faye Dunaway and SmQ when playing chess is absolutely  riveting and the hold-ups worthy to be seen several times.<br />Of course, one  has to forget some gaps in the screenplay, for instance I still don't  understand how Faye Dunaway has determined by deduction alone that the  gangsters didn't know each other.<br />Anyway, I liked this movie.<br />A dandy  DVD.
B00000DHRX|5.0|I purchased this cd about a year ago, because I had none of George Michael's albums on cd.  I had the old 33 1/3 lp's, and had to catch up with the times.  I was 10 years old when Wham! hit the radios, and 16 when  I first saw him in concert in MSG in '88.  I've been in love with that  voice forever it seems, and no matter what is said about him, or what is  commented about his personal life, I always think on him so very fondly.   He has colored my music loving life, with such different music, and he's  grown as I was growing.  I think this cd captures all of his best, and  let's you sample it, without trapping you in a sort of  cliche.  I'm sure  he's got more of this stuff hidden in that great voice of his, and I just  can't wait to hear it all!  Everytime I put this cd on, it's like I'm 16  again, and recalling every time I first heard each different song.  I think  he's fantastic (wham! got that one right with their first album), and can't  wait to hear what he's going to bring to our ears next.  A great  compilation.
B00004T8RK|4.0|Growing up listening to Pearl Jam, I have developed a deep sense of respect and passion for their music. Their sound has certainly changed over the years, but I wouldn't say it's gotten worse, just different. Binaural  is a carefully crafted work, but I don't think it's for everyone. The songs  are not catchy, yet they all seem to say something. Each song will speak to  people differently, but I think that everyone will walk away with something  they didn't have before.
B000002ADT|5.0|The Miles Davis CD Kind of blue, is kind of a masterpiece! This CD is timeless and so gracefully put together.... It's a classic! On this CD, Miles(to me...) is at his best. The arrangements are excellent! The  arrangement &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; has to be THE best jazz song out  there! Bar None! &quot;Flamenco Sketches&quot; is another one that is so  awesomely done! This is the way music was meant to be! I find myself  listening to this CD very frequently. And I've had it for years! Everytime  I listen to it, seemingly I hear different things that weren't heard  before. If you've wondered about this CD or even are just trying to find  something to define your Jazz collection. Look no further.... &quot;Kind of  Blue&quot; paints a picture of what Jazz is and how it is so wonderfully  good. It's a wonder why this stuff isn't mainstream....
B00004SCX6|4.0|Taken for what it is- a teeny-bopper singer of questionable musical talent- this disc ain't bad.  Britney is ballsy enough to attempt to cover one of a very few songs that simply cannot be adequately covered-  Satisfaction- and does a passable job of turning it into a dance number  that bears almost no resemblance to the original, a good thing.<br />I've  never listened to her fist album so I don't know how this one stacks up.   All in all, though, I give this one 3 1/2 stars for the music, and a 1/2  star bonus for the photos in the booklet.
6305807086|5.0|You cannot go wrong with this movie  ( as long as you dont need to like the characters to enjoy a movie!  All of the characters are dispicable and selfish, in one way or another. <br />  Kaufman weaves the details together  like a master, one example is the &quot;Jewel thief&quot; movie misnomer  that spreads though several characters and gets back to John  himself. <br />   As for the humour, it is as funny and more intelligent than anything  released in years.
B000001EGA|5.0|In the '70s, Elton John had a habit of releasing albums at an amazingly quick pace.  The result was a catalogue of albums that featured a fair share of brilliant material, but always with hefty dose of filler.  With  &quot;Captain Fantastic,&quot; Elton John finally delivered something that  had previously eluded him--an album that's excellent from start to finish.   Elton's melodies and songwriting skills seem particularly enhanced by  Bernie Taupin's lyrics, which chronicle he and Elton's early days as a  songwriting team.  The album's sole hit &quot;Someone Saved My Life  Tonight&quot; is the obvious standout, though the whole album features both  rockers and ballads written with passion and power.  The string arrangments  also seem more integrated and less &quot;pasted over the top&quot; than  they had on previous Elton albums.  Overall, &quot;Captain Fantastic&quot;  is basically Elton John at his '70s best.  Highly recommened.
0486237664|5.0|This book is an awesome resource/refernece book for drawing almost any animal you wish to draw.  It includes many images of animals in action, which helps as a reference when you don't have the option to see the animal  in the flesh.  Some images include the native scenery of more exotic  creatures.  I use it to help an idea in my head come to life on paper, for  pen &amp; ink, colored pencil, or printmaking designs.  This book is my  first source to draw an animal (if the option of a live model is not  possible!)  The illustrations have more depth and interest than a straight  forward encyclopedia of animals, adding to a more creative treatment of  subjects.  Easily my most often used resource book.
B000000HHE|5.0|This CD is definitely one of the most innovative CDs of all time.  Who would have ever thought that &quot;The D.A.I.S.Y. Age&quot; would have ever been so popular.  I remember, I was 13 when the video for &quot;Potholes In  My Lawn&quot; came out and I loved the song but I didn't know what a whole  CD from De La Soul would sound like.  The whole concept of this CD was and  still is unbelievable.  From the crazy intro and interludes to the well  crafted songs, De La Soul, along with Prince Paul, of Stetsasonic fame,  crafted a classic CD.  The whole CD is tight, it is definitely in my top 10  of best rap CDs of all time.  The best songs in my opinion are &quot;Eye  Know&quot;, &quot;Me, Myself, And I&quot;, &quot;Jenifa Taught Me&quot;,  &quot;Buddy&quot;, &quot;Say No Go&quot;, I could go on and on.  This will  always be De La Soul's best CD.  If you don't have &quot;3 Feet High And  Rising&quot; you're missing a classic.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|For all of us who have been listening to Bruce's Chemical Wedding and saying &quot;Now THAT'S a direction I'd like to see Maiden take&quot;, Brave New World grants your wish, sort of. The albums sits comfortably  somewhere between the sound of Somewhere In Time, Seventh Son and Chemical  Wedding. 67 minutes and not a boring moment to be found. The songwriting is  back (no Angel and The Gambler on this one) in top form and nice orchestral  and acoustic passages firm up what is already an incredibly solid album.  The three-guitar lineup never sounds crowded, and the mix is polished but  raw. Now let's hope John Kalodner-John Kalodner's new Portrait label gets  behind this CD with promo and tour support. I say put Maiden on VH-1's Rock  Show, a perfect show for the target demographic. Can't wait for the tour.  Buy this CD!
B000009QPE|5.0|Well, what can I say that hasn't been said before? Second by second, this is the most brutal, fast &amp; furious METAL album in music's history. With songs like &quot;Altar of sacrifice&quot;, &quot;Postmortem&quot; and  &quot;piece by piece&quot;,you can't go wrong. This is one MEAN album,  kiddies, not for the faint of heart. If you dont have it, BUY it. You won't  be dissapointed. But one thing, this is not for teens, If you're 16 and  will buy this to put on your collection of of CD's right along with the  latest Limp Biskit or Blink 182 CD, don't buy it, you will just won't get  it.
B0000024R8|4.0|A strange, obsessively intense album - raw and desperate. Many songs are sung with a kind of violent energy, which seems to be hovering always over the brink of oblivion. This is the most death-obsessed album Dylan produced  in his heyday, though that fatalisitic streak has more recently surfaced  once again. He seems to want to inhabit the whole tradition of folk and  blues pathos - his rasping, often almost screeching, voice often seems to  rip these songs apart in its desire to possess them. Oddly the weakest  songs are the two by Dylan himself. Both are mildly engaging, but show  nothing which would suggest the creativity of the next few years. They also  seem strangely out of place in this world of broken love and death.
B00000J7A2|4.0|Those people who discovered the Captain on Trout Mask Replica will be surprised as I was to hear Captain Beefheart and His Magic Band before they wrote songs with titles like Neon Meate Dream of an Octafish.  Which is not  to say this album isn't weird, as the linear notes say, the 60's doo-wop of  I'm Glad may be the weirdest thing the Captain has ever done.  Safe as Milk  reminded me a little of The Mothers of Invention's Freak Out, it's Top 40  60's doo-wop as interpreted by freaks.  And if you were one of those people  a bit put off by Trout Mask Replica's &quot;mucus mules&quot; and  &quot;dough eating squid&quot;, then this album may be a little more  approachable.  Mirthful ditties like Yellow Brick Road (which for some  reason always reminds me of HR Puffinstuff) and Zig Zag Wanderer are so  easy to fall in love with.  And changing the subject somewhat, when are  they going to release Lick My Decals Off on CD.  I'm dying here.
B00003CWNR|4.0|&quot;The Cider House Rules&quot; starring Tobey Maguire as Homer Welles, an orphan that is pushed to become a doctor like his seregate father played by Michael Caine is well acted and an interesting character study.  It  involves some touchy topics such as rape and abortion but director Lasse  Hallstrom handles the film with a delicate hand and never undermines the  characters or their emotions.  Homer falls for Charlize Theron's character  (who wouldn't?) and he leaves the only home he has ever known.  He enjoys  his life outside of the New England orphanage and belives he is making  something for himself.  &quot;The Cider House Rules&quot; won Academy  Awards for Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Supporting Actor (Michael  Caine).  For a well written, touching love story try &quot;The Cider House  Rules&quot;.
0440211727|4.0|I do not agree with some of the earlier reviews of &quot;should justice be left in the hands of one person? Should one be able to extract revenge for his own daughter?&quot; YES! I believe it is the human right for anyone to  have their revenge. Especially if their daughter was molested in the way  that Carl's daughter was. <br />I think that John Grisham came with a superb  story of justice. If Carl was punished for his crime, then there would have  been no justice. Unfortunately, real life isn't so easy. Carl was  justified. I also liked the lawyer Jake. He was not some uppity guy, who  hated negros. I give this book, thumbs up!
0321012542|5.0|Bevington's The Complete Works of Shakespeare is an excellent place to start or continue one's study of Shakespeare and the Rennaissance Period.  This is the book we used in my Shakespeare class in college and I found it  extremly helpful in understanding not only Shakespeare, but also  Elizabethan England.  Bevington includes plenty of pictures to help one see  what it looked like in the middle to late 16th Century and early 17th  Century.  Also, Bevington includes indepth introductions to each of the  plays and explanatory notes on words Shakespeare used in a different  context from what we use them today.  I would recommend this book to  anyone who wants to start or continue to study the Bard.
B00001OH7O|5.0|This is an absolutely terrific album-it has great vocals, great accompaniment...&quot;Life on Mars&quot; is one of the best tracks on here, it's just amazing.
B000002I2M|4.0|THIS WAS A CD THAT WAS WAY AHEAD OF IT`S TIME.THIS HAS SOME OF THE BEST SONGS BY THE DOORS ON IT.L.A. WOMAN,ONE OF MY FAVORITE DOORS SONGS IS ALMOST AN 8 MINUTE RIDE.RIDERS ON THE STORM IS ANOTHER CLASSIC FROM THIS  GREAT CD.THIS IS PROBABLY THE DOORS 3RD BEST CD BEHIND ONLY MORRISON HOTEL  AND THE FIRST CD.I THINK THIS CD ROCKS MORE THAN MOST OF THE DOORS  CD`S.THIS IS A MOST HAVE FOR ANY FAN OF 60`S AND 70`S ROCK.
B00001OH7P|5.0|Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful.  terrific music all over, one of the best albums ever...if you've never listened to it, you are seriously missing out.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I saw the preview for this flick a couple of times, no doubt wasting my  money seeing some comparatively worthless movie. It looked so incredibly  stupid. I mean, come on. &quot;Fight Club&quot;? It looked like &quot;The  Matrix&quot; meets &quot;Mortal Kombat&quot;, the former of which is  overrated and the latter is just plain lame. And what was up with that  stupid soap? But when I saw Fight Club for the first time, the soap became  an integral part of my daily life. I was blown away. Edward Norton is  absolutely unstoppable as the narrator, and Brad Pitt combines a certain  sexiness and bad-boy sensitivity to create Tyler. David Fincher has created  a masterpiece, and after Fight Club, you won't look at the world in the  same way. Previews can be decieving! I'm forever thankful that my best  friend forced me to watch it. &quot;My eyes are open.&quot;
B00004SCX6|1.0|Why, oh WHY don't they have a &quot;no stars&quot; category?  I wich people would stop worshipping this girl and realize her for the talentless, manufactured product that she is.  Sure, she's a great singer - if you  think singing consists of the backup and layering that they do in studios.   How dare she sing a Rolling Stones song (I use the word &quot;sing&quot;  loosely).  Oh, but wait!  She DID write a song on here herself...one of the  cheesiest cliched &quot;love ballads&quot;  there ever was. This girl has  not one ounce of self respect left.  I'm not just bashing this CD b/c it's  her, it's b/c there is not one original song worth listening to on it. Go  buy something that has actually had a lot of work put into it by someone  with some remote talent.   All you prepubescent girls who think she's  &quot;the bomb&quot;  and she's got &quot;girl power&quot;, please get over  it.  It's really annoying.
B00001R3GC|5.0|This is the definitive slab of rock, from the greatest rock and roll band in the world.<br />The singles here are instantly recognisable in their own right. 'Brown Sugar' is one of the defining moments of rock, and arguably  one of its greatest anthems.  From the opening riff, played as only Keith  Richards knows how, to the closing &quot;Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Woh&quot; this  track is every inch a classic, and will be around as long as people have  ears and a soul. 'Wild Horses' is simply one of the most beautiful  love-songs the Stones ever blessed us with... beautiful acoustic guitars and  great vocals, set off by Charlie Watts in his prime. It's a great song.  <br />The other tracks here should not be overlooked - the best (though it's  difficult to decide) are 'You Got Me Rocking',  'Sister Morphine', and  'Moonlight Mile'.<br />'You Got Me Rocking' is rock and roll like it should be  - aggressive, raw, strutting, hungry, and angst ridden - blasting the path  for lesser rock bands to follow up on over the next 3 decades. It should  not be forgotten that the Stones basically invented the rock n roll we hear  so much about today... Additionally, the ending of this track is one  fantastic groove-ridden improvised instrumental. Keith, Bill, Charlie and  Mick (Taylor) just rock-out... magic.<br />'Sister Morphine' is one of the most  poignant and emotive postcards from the edge of drug-induced  self-destruction that we are ever likely to hear. We all know how lucky the  Stones were to survive the early Seventies - this song gives us an insight  into how close they got to not getting back again. A very brave, gutsy,  all-too-real song.<br />'Moonlight Mile' is just sublime. Recently resurrected  for the &quot;Bridges To Babylon Tour&quot; (there is an excellent live  version on &quot;No Security&quot;), this is Mick (Jagger) getting subtle  and soulful.<br />Whilst the singles and the key album tracks shine, it's the  overall feel of the album which makes this record so important, and such a  milestone. There's rawness, edginess, arrogance and soul all wrapped up  into 10 fantastic tracks. There's an urgency to the proceedings and an  improvisational feel which (if turned up loud enough) makes you feel part  of what's going on, unlike any other album I know.<br />It should not be  forgotten that the Stones basically invented the rock and roll (both the  music and the lifestyle) we hear so much about today, and they never  sounded better than this. &quot;Exile&quot;, &quot;Bleed&quot; and  &quot;Banquet&quot; are close (and in some ways equal), but this is still  my favourite.  Whenever someone refers to a &quot;great rock album&quot;,  this is the kind of stuff they're talking about. <br />Magnificent - buy it.
0684803356|5.0|I'll be short and sweet.  This is an excellent book that many different kinds of people will enjoy.  The more intelligent the reader is, the more he or she will get out of the book.  At the base, it is a story that will  keep you on the edge of your seat.  From there, there are many little  symbolic happenings and hidden meanings waiting to be seen.  For Whom the  Bell Tolls is a must read book!
0671798154|4.0|A very entertaining book. The central character, an Army Ranger displays many talents. His treck across the countryside to Berlin keeps the Nazis guessing as to his whereabouts and his plan to move on Hitler. His actual  execution of Hitler is quite a piece of work. The book actually makes you  wonder did Hitler really commit suicide? An interesting read.
B00004R99K|5.0|What has stayed with me, all these years later, is the scene where Alice  first encounters the Cheshire Cat, wonderfully rendered in his pink and  purple stripes. The dreamy singing of Sterling Holloway and the fading in  and out of Cheshire Cat combined with flashes of color in the trees made a  very agreeable, lasting impression on me and which still fascinates me  today. I love the supercilious Caterpillar, voiced with distinction by  Richard Hayden (Mr. Trout from radio)with all his little shoes and his  beautiful metamorphosis into an angry butterfly. Jerry Collona's  over-the-top March Hare and of course, the Mad Hatter represented in style  by Ed Wynn are so much fun you want to join the Tea Party. From the opening  sequence, which is breath-taking, to the theatrical entrance of the Queen  of Hearts, this feature is so beautifully drawn and so fantastically  presented it's hard to fasten on just one aspect of what sets this  animation apart from the others. I visit there on a regular basis; I find  it very reassuring...an excursion back to my childhood just waiting to take  me there as often as I want. Add this one to your collection and enjoy the  ride!
B00004R99J|1.0|I have most of Disney's Animation collection and look foward to the re-releases. Pocahontas on DVD is a disappointment. Don't get me wrong, this is a good movie.  However the DVD version is NOT good.  It is a bad  transfer. The DVD version is grainy and the colors bleed. At this poor  level of transfer, I would stick with the VHS version and wait for a better  transfer version to come out.
0767830520|5.0|To some young viewers the footage might look a bit on the low quality side, but I'm young (16) and I rank this film above such critically acclaimed films as , &quot;Wizard of Oz&quot;, &quot;Gone with the  Wind&quot;, &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; and &quot;Casablanca&quot;.I'd say the  only critically acclaimed masterpieces that comes close to this film is,  &quot;The Godfather&quot; and it's sequel not the third one. This film  contained brilliant music by Bernard Hermann which went perfectly with the  beautiful cinematography.        Robert De Niro gave a really good  narrative prformane along with general acting. The movie gives us this  tough talking ex-marine that applies for a taxi driving job. Not long after  our man is driving a taxi, and telling us about disapointments of the big  city. We see this man's habits change, hear his thoughts become more  serious and during all of this his hair gets shorter with each phase.        This is a classic film in which many films copied in some form, like  &quot;The Terminator&quot;. Martin Scorsese, De Niro, and Paul Schraeder  brought us a classic, not to be missed. It should have been in the top 10  of the AFI list.
0790734850|5.0|How often does a movie come along that is this gorgeous, tough, smart, and entertaining?  Not nearly often enough.  This movie is easily one of the best films in recent years and it holds up to repeated viewing more than  just about any film I can think of.  The ensemble cast is perfect, the  dialogue is sharp and nasty, and the story is compelling throughout.  The  &quot;cynicism&quot; in the film feels more like &quot;realism&quot; with  wit and venom sprinkled on top.  A true masterpiece of noir and a must-own  for any movie fan.
6301966015|4.0|If you let yourself believe this movie is a thriller (well there's a murder, a corpse, a witness, almost a car chase...) then you may easily describe it as the most boring action movie ever done. The plot could be  told in one sentence, and yet it takes forever to unfold. If you watch this  movie in unappropriate circumstances, say after a hard day's work, under  the influence of hot milk and herbal tea, you may quite easily be forgiven  for falling asleep before the first photo session is over. But of course  there's more to the movie than the impatient viewer might think. There's a  whole life and a whole lifestyle coming back to life (some say it never  existed and Antonioni actually created the image later generations have of  London's swinging 60s...) and quite an interesting one. <br />You wake up  fashionably late, fashionably hungover, jump in the old Rolls convertible  for a &quot;tour of the boutiques of London town&quot; (as Ray Davies put  it), buying WWI plane propellers in antique shops, you go for a stroll in  the park, everything's grey and damp, you get your Leica and start  shooting, cause that's your job, you're a fashionable photographer; you go  back to the loft and a bevie of models (including a teenage Jane Birkin!)  is waiting for you to shoot at (yeah, baby ,yeah, you've probably seen it  in Austin Powers II) with the old Leica. By the way, when you do find out  there was a murder taking place in that park where you were earlier, you  feel a mild tinge of aesthetic excitation, because that's the only thing  you can feel, you don't really care 'cause you're beyond good and evil,  life's a nonsensical party (my interpretation of the pretty nonsensical  final scene). Well I need another G&amp;T, I'm spent!
B00000J7J4|4.0|Well, I must admit that I do not care for the idea of taking the popular musical acts and adding Santana to them, but really, this turned out quite good.  It is strong from beginning to end with such hits as Love of my  Life, Put Your Lights On, Smooth, and that one with Eric Clapton.  They are  very melodically Spanish (usually harmonic minor or hungarian sounding) but  I would call this album upbeat.  It makes me happy to hear Carlos sounding  so fresh with some actual hits worthy of his famous songs...(cough) Black  Magic Woman... But seriously, it has ups and downs, gritty leads, and  kicking Spanish vocals.  Suprisingly in your face, and at times distant,  but never feelingless.   It clearly stands a listen and remains in my CD  player most of the year.
B0000028W9|5.0|This record is an amazing achievement.. It would be a nightmare to pick &quot;Cohen's Best record&quot;, since each one has its own strengths. ( Like a lot of people I own them all, most of them on twelve inch plastic  frisbees, and I'm  not sure I'd like to get involved in the debate over  which one is the weakest.)  But &quot;The future&quot; is an astonishing  performance from someone who has been writing his own songs and recording  them for over thirty years. There's none of the tiredness that  characterises the recent productions of some of his contemporaries, and  while you could, if you wanted to, trace the development of certain songs  here back to earlier concerns, there's little in the earlier albums that  prepares you for this one. If there's a leap from &quot;Various  Positions&quot; to &quot;I'm your man&quot; then there's an equal leap to  here. No one writes erotic songs with the subtlety, humour or blatant  enjoyment of  sex that Cohen does. And no one makes images the way he does  either. If you want sly humour, poetry, biting social commentary, it's all  here. Someone else might be able to write something as mesmeric and  disturbing as the title song, or as lyrically beautiful as Anthem, but I  doubt there's many people (anybody) who could do both on the one album and  throw in a &quot;closing time&quot; and a 'Waiting for the Miracle&quot;  too. For a man with such a limited vocal range, his songs manage to be  distinct.  And not only that but the rhythms and arrangements that made   &quot;I'm your man&quot; are used here to support the voice and give the  words pride of place. This makes them even more compelling than usual. Like  all Cohen's albums, this one repays endless listening. Muzak it  ain't.<br />Lyrically he must be one of the most interesting songwriters of  the twentieth century. (I'd claim the most interesting but I'm biased)   He's always had the ability to make beautiful, memorable images, that seem  to sum up profound insight and then write glibly with his tongue firmly in  his cheek (or someone else's).   This ability to work on several levels of  meaning and seriousness is elevated to genius on &quot;Closing time' which  sounds at first like a joke, until you realise that like most of Cohen's  jokes, this one song contains enough thought provoking lines to pack any  other writer's life work. &quot;I loved you for your beauty/that doesn't  make a fool of me/you were in it for your beauty too/I loved you for your  body/there's a voice that sounds like god to /declaring that your body's  really you&quot; Those of us who always said Cohen had a sense of humor are  provided with ample evidence on this cd The old sardonic wit is still alive  and kicking: I raise my glass to the awful truth/which you can't reveal to  the ears of youth/except to say it isn't worth a dime&quot;   At the same  time he writes adult love songs like no one else ever has or does, and he  can be bitterly perceptive. The whole of &quot;democracy' is a thought  provoking attack on America, The future with its hideous opening images and  mesmeric arrangements is successfully disturbing  while anthem is simply  beautiful. And the version of &quot;always&quot; is a good joke, that  brings back great memories of  Cohen concerts. The real problem with this  record is that once you've heard it, everything else seems more than a  little inane. It's a painful reminder that you cannot manufacture talent or  produce masterpieces by following formulas.
B00003CX95|5.0|Forget historical accuracy! This movie resonates with viewers because it deals directly with issues that are relevant and vital to us in this time.<br />True, the direction and acting are superb (and is not Catherine  McCormack one of the most radiantly beautiful women you have ever seen?),  the cinematography and score are superlative, but all of that pales beneath  the shining message of liberty and freedom.<br />This movie is a clarion call  to all in whom the flame of individual liberty has guttered and flickered  in the oxygen-poor environment that is America today. Viewing it is as  inspirational an experience as you are likely to have while watching a  movie. If it weren't tyrannical to do so, I'd want to make it mandatory for  anyone wishing to exercise the privilege of citizenship.
B000005JAX|5.0|I totally love this.  It doesn't bother me at all these songs are remakes.  It is beautiful yet haunting.  It is stark yet intricate.  It is cold yet very warm.  Every song paints an incredible emotional picture.  Martin  creates pure listening pleasure with this offering...  <br />My favorites are:   &quot;Compulsion&quot;/&quot;In A Manner Of Speaking&quot;/ &quot;Smile In  The Crowd&quot;/ &quot;Gone&quot;/.<br />This is one to put on while mellowing  out or getting kewl!
0684872153|2.0|After reading this book following a couple of years of hype, I'm left scratching my head.  <br />I found Mr. McCourt's book a slow moving compendium of seemingly unconnected anecdotes.  I'm an experienced reader of memoirs  so I am familiar and comfortable with the format.  Angela's Ashes recounts  nothing exceptional in the three hundred and forty odd pages.  But maybe  that's the whole point.  Maybe there's a Pulitzer lurking in all of our  childhoods, most of which are as unexceptional as Mr. McCourt's.<br />To be  fair, the ending salvaged the book.  I breezed rather than labored through  the final forty pages.  Then again, perhaps I read the final few pages  quickly to bring an end to this boring book.
B00002MZ2T|4.0|I'm 23 (going on 24) and havent heard much on the radio the past few years  that I felt had any heart or effort put into it.  I find myself listening  to the stuff from the &quot;good old days&quot; of rock/pop- you know, like  the Beatles, Beach Boys, Dylan, Clapton, etc.  For some reason though, the  songs on the radio from this album really struck a chord with me and I  bought the cd, to find out the whole cd is just as good and heartfelt as  the songs on the radio!  I'm the last person in the world who would ever  think of buying a Savage Garden cd (havent bought a so called  &quot;pop&quot; album since I was about 16), but I like this album alot!   The production is nice and clean, but not overbearing. Better yet is the  fact that they wrote all their own songs and even (gasp) play some of their  own instruments!!! Thats a rarity in the pop world these days.  I dont know  how it will stand the test of time but for now its currently the disc of  choice on my changer!  Very much recommended for all lovers of good music.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|The new lineup of Iron Maiden is probably the best that they have ever had.  All the members come from eras of where the band was at their most successful.  The talent of this new incarnation is very apparent on  &quot;Brave New World.&quot;<br />Musicly the Album soars.  The tripple  guitars give a full sound.  Bruce Dickenson's operaesque range is coming in  full force.  Nico's Drums are excellent as always, punctuating where it is  needed, absent when needed.  The base sounds like a well tuned harley  davidson roaring down the road, and maintains that melody that completes  the rhytmic backbone of the band.  <br />The songs to really watch out for on  this album are &quot;The Wicker Man,&quot; &quot;The Mercenary,&quot;  &quot;The Fallen Angel,&quot; and &quot;Out of the Silent Planet.&quot;   The rest of the songs are good, but seem to lack somthing these have.   <br />But there are some things that I find very maiden and very missing.  The  first is the presence of the guitar hooks.  I hear the melody, but it seems  like the guitar carrying the melody is kind of submerged.  I think this may  have a lot to do with the producer.  The hooks just don't stand out like  they do in &quot;Run to the Hills&quot; or &quot;The Trooper&quot; or  &quot;Wasted Years&quot; or &quot;The Clairvoyant.&quot;  Even the guitar  hooks from &quot;No Prayer...&quot; and &quot;Fear of the Dark&quot;  have  more presence than the ones here.<br />I guess my only problem with this album  is that the bass needs to be more &quot;bassier&quot; and the guitar  carrying the hook needs to stand out more.  But I think these are things  that will be fixed after a tour or so, fan input, and more studio time.   The triple guitar lineup has a lot of potential, but it will take time and  experimentation to properly tap this one of a kind resource.  While I would  not call it their best, this album over all sounds great, and is definately  a step in the right direction.  Judgeing from their track record these guys  can only get even better.
630575067X|5.0|If you like Star wars buy this movie If you've never seen a star wars film  well then your just crazy<br />JUST BUY THIS MOVIE
B00000JBCP|5.0|For those of you who can't get into Ricky Martin, Jennifer Lopez or any other &quot;Latin Sensation&quot; should give this CD a try.  From the first moment I heard &quot;Rayando El Sol&quot; in a small bar in Ecuador,  I became hooked.  I haven't stopped listening to this CD.  Their use of  many instruments, like strings and horns, to the powerful vocals make it  addictive.  And this comes from someone who doesn't speak any Spanish.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I've just bought and enjoyed Santana's Supernatural. Although it has been heavily exposed I can't hear &quot;Smooth&quot; too often. I also especially enjoyed the track &quot;Love of My Life&quot; which he performs  with Dave Matthews and which I had not heard before.  However, I was  surprised to note in the credits that the song was written by Santana and  Matthews.<br />A large part of it was in fact written by Brahms - the main  theme comes from Brahm's 3rd Symphony.  <br />Come on Carlos, Brahms may be  long dead but give credit where credit is due!
B000000OQY|5.0|all the songs on the album, with the possible exception of youre crazy, rock.  the first four are awesome, especially their cover of the old aerosmith classic mama kin.  the best song on the album is definitely  patience, though im not sure why it is so appealing.  as an acoustic  ballad, it somehow still manages a hard rock sound.  one in a million,  though the lyrics might offend many people, rocks as well.
B00003OSTN|4.0|Mildred Pierce represents a generic twinning of Melodrama and Film Noir that both articulates the misogynistic overtones of Noir and the emotional conflicts, both internal and external, of the`women`s film`.Its success  lies in the fact that it does not implode under the pressure of bridging  two gender opposed categories of narrative.             Joan Crawford won  an oscar for her role as Mildred, the stereotypically idealised housewife,  who is modulated into an ideological challenge to American patriarchal  hegemony when she oversteps the bounds of her subservient role by  challenging her husband(she accuses him of having an affair and of not  doing enough to find work---thus challenging male power on its two most  cherished fronts).This triggers off a set of events that leads to the  eventual reincorporation of Mildred into the patriarchal family unit, via a  rise and fall story whose trajectory is determined by Veda, a superbrat  daughter. Veda serves both as the melodramatic drain on the central  characters emotions and as the femme fatale of the films noir  strand.Zachery Scott is also notable as the louche 2nd husband who  inveigles his way into Mildred`s affections, and purse, whilst betraying  her with Veda.       An interesting, not always comfortable, blending of 2  distinct genres, `Mildred Pierce` is carried through by the superb  performances of its leading cast and some bravura directorial touches,  particularly in the Noir sections of the film.The final image, of woman  restored to her `rightful` place next to her husband matches up both the  emotive element of melodrama with the libidinal power relations of Noir.  Watch it and see.
B00003CWL5|2.0|An American neighborhood, shown for what it really is, by an expert Hollywood eye: the miserable businesswoman putting on a phony, cheery face; the &quot;successful&quot; businessman whose life is collapsing; the  degraded husband suffering an extreme midlife crisis, who fantasizes about  his daughter's girlfriends; the girlfriend, a nymphet who likes to seduce  older men; and best of all, the new neighbors, the family of a retired  Marine Corps colonel. Since the colonel moralizes endlessly about the  abominations he sees around him, he's of course a neo-Nazi, his homophobia  a front for his closet homosexuality. Oh yeah, there are good guys -- the  one gay couple on the block are as sweet, virtuous, decent, tolerant and  well-adjusted as everyone else is screwed up, mean-spirited, and  phony.<br />Bad enough, that Hollywood ignorance and arrogance presumes, in  the persons of director Sam Mendes and screenwiter/co-producer Alan Ball to  be telling &quot;the truth&quot; about suburbia, but they think they're  doing Billy Wilder proud. They said so openly at the Oscars. This is clear,  as well, through the gimmick, copied from Sunset Boulevard, of the dead  protagonist's opening and closing narration. Mendes and Ball aren't fit to  carry Billy Wilder's director's chair.<br />For one thing, Wilder --  considered anything but subtle in his day -- wore silk gloves, in contrast  to the hamhanded doings here. More importantly, as cynical as he often was,  he didn't constantly remind you how superior he (thought he) was to his  characters. Well, at least we know that this picture's creators have  healthy self-esteem.<br />Every character in American Beauty is  one-dimensional, a prop in the filmmakers' anti-morality tale. The latter  apparently have an adolescent notion that people are good, only to the  degree that they do whatever they feel like at any given moment.<br />And yet,  the screenplay does have its funny moments, most of which involve Spacey,  the one character (the gay couple can't be counted: their brief,  superficial presence exists only to emphasize the homophobic colonel's  wickedness) for whom Mendes and Ball feel any sympathy. Much technical  skill is in evidence. And the cast does marvelous work. Kevin Spacey, in  particular, gives a performance for the ages, in this otherwise  conventionally PC, Hollywood concoction.<br />Having spent my entire childhood  in suburbia, I know its problems all too well. But Mendes and Ball don't.  Their movie is jaundiced, without the clear-eyed view typical of Wilder in  his prime. American Beauty is an ignorant, self-righteous exercise in  bigotry. In a just world, suburbanites would be able to make movies mocking  Hollywood hypocrisy, something like, &quot;Hey, I  Spend My Free Time and  Influence Getting Murderers Paroled ... So They Can Kill Again!&quot; Oops,  I forgot. That's not a movie; that's real life in Hollywood.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Wow! This is one of the best rap songs I ahve ever heard. Sure, it has some &quot;Inappropriate&quot; language, but who cares? It's still good! I recommend this C.D to anyone and everyone!
B00003CWLE|5.0|Hey I seen the movie and been on the movie set. I live in Penang and boy have they changed Penang so that it looks like Siam. Well this picture is better than Entrapment the last film shot in Malaysia. You would probably  like to book a ticket to Ipoh, Penang and Langkawi in Malaysia after  watching the video. Anyway the sets are still around in Ipoh and Langkawi.  There are wedding packages to Anna sets in Ipoh !
B000002OTL|5.0|This CD is sheer delight. I don't own the video itself, but the sountrack I love. It is as original as the film itself. All things considered, the film well deserves to be called the best film of 90's, and this soundtrack  is a big part of that. The idea of adding the actual dialogue to the  soundtrack was brilliant. I do not know of any other soundtrack  that was  as creative as this one. I love it!
B0000028RR|5.0|What can be said about this album which album which has not been said before! This is Rage at thier supreme BEST! With Zack at his preaching best, with the likes of Killing In The Name, Know Your Enemy.The anger,  fustration solidarity which zack has felt during his life, just screams and  hits you 'like a bullet in the head' (another stand out track). From  begining to the end the album just is about one man stuggle!<br />As well as  zack at his poetic best you get tom churning out the madest riffs and  sounds form his guitar!<br />Stand out trakcs include, Killing in the name,  Bullet In The Head, Know Your Enemy &amp; Fistful Of Steel!<br />If you  consider yourself a fan of rock, and don't own this album BUY IT NOW!
B00004STPT|3.0|I understand a general need to have music in films. It is especially important to have music in an &quot;epic film&quot;.  In GLADIATOR there are very few lines of meaningful dialogue, so it is even more important.  Zimmer is a wonderful composer, but there is something I do not like about this soundtrack.  It does not sound very &quot;authentic&quot; [as someone else put it].  But, hey, the film did so well commercially that I could be stoned for not liking anything about it...huh-huh
030716327X|5.0|Pat The Bunny is one of my 10-month-old daughter's favorite toys.  She likes to leaf through the pages, and especially likes to play peek-a-boo with Paul and to look in the mirror like Judy does.  The book captures her  interest for relatively long periods of time.  My only concern is that the  plastic binding is somewhat flimsy and my daughter keeps pulling the book  apart.  I can put it back together again, but I wish that Pat The Bunny  came as a standard bound board book that wouldn't fall apart quite so  easily.  It has to endure a lot of baby love and attention!
B00003CX6P|5.0|When I hear that Hollywood is doing a re-make of a French film, I cringe.  I have read the book and seen Rene Clement's fantastic film \\"Purple Noon\\" before, so my only consolation was that Anthony Minghella was the one who made a new version.  I am happy to say that his film turned out to be as interesting, if not more, as the French one.<br />ABOUT THE FILM ITSELF: Minghella took the story, changed it almost entirely, and created his own interpretation of Ripley.  Yet, he also managed not to destroy Patricia Highsmith's original story. The superficial suspence has been removed from Minghella's version: Tom Ripley (Matt Damon) is less vicious and less determined in his plans.  Minghella revealed many psychological layers in Highsmith's story and added his own.  None of the changes he made spoil the story. For example, in the film Dickie Greenleaf plays sax, instead of being an aspiring painter. In both cases, he is not much of a talent.  But thanks to this change, we get to hear a lot of great jazz music that transports us into the 50's. Minghella also introduced some new characters into the story.  <br />If you enjoy Minghella's films and/or psychologically challenging issues, then, you should watch this film.  If you wanted to see this film only because of its suspence angle, you could be disappointed. This film is not as suspenful as the French film or the book itself.<br />Matt Damon made a great appearance in this film. I am glad that he took the \\"risk\\" and accepted the role of Tom Ripley.  He turned out to be an excellent Ripley and showed himself as a worthy artist.  Jude Law should get a big credit for his Dickie Greenleaf.  His Dicki is much more complex and enticing than the one in the book and the \\"Purple Noon\\".  Law even managed American accent quite well.  I only regret that Gwyneth Paltrow's wardrobe and hammed up scenes took too much attention, whereas the true beauty and talent this time (as always) was Cate Blanchett.  Finally, since the film was shot in Italy, most scenes are breathtakingly beautiful and literally musical. <br />Well, enough said, let's go & watch the film!
B00004TH80|2.0|I dunno what all the fuss is about this band and what have you. Sounds like every other loud mouth screaching and yelling out of tune punk rockers. Save you money. Pantera still rules the under-world.
B00003XACV|3.0|the film.  I liked the score and all the songs in the film, but this soundtrack lacks some of the best ones, e.g. \\"American Woman\\" and Annnie Lennox's song.  \\"American Woman\\", in my opinion, was crucial to the film.  I think a good sountrack should include all the important songs and that is why I give this CD three stars.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Once in awhile a person comes along who can make you feel young again and show you what real music is about. I recently saw Diana's concert and never wanted it to end.I was so disappointed when it was over..1:45 min of total  entertainment..We are so lucky to have her music.When I Look In Your Eyes  is a wonderful experience from the first note to the last.I own all of her  cd's and am waiting anxiously for the next. If you haven't bought it  yet,what are you waiting for?
6303073107|5.0|Perhaps one of the greatest films ever made, the truth and beauty it brings to the screen is incredibly moving. With beautiful black and white cinematography, brilliant acting (Toshiro Mifune is amazing !), and a  wonderful, life-affirming ending, this is a must for any collection and one  that you'll never tire of seeing.
B00003CXDV|5.0|I rented this movie on DVD, and now I have to buy it.  My wife and I tend to only get movies on DVD that we know we will watch many times, and for me, this is one of them.  Best scene?  I busted a gut over the Thermian  reaction when Tim Allen tapped one of them in the stomach to make a point  about getting a limo.
B0000399WI|5.0|At the risk of telling you what you already know, The Shawshank Redemption is the finest film of the last decade, and quite possibly one of the finest films ever made.  Seeing as we are all in agreement, I'll be brief.  Frank  Darabont's debut is a masterclass of storytelling.  Nary a single moment is  wasted in the telling of this beautiful story of friendship (Darabont is  good at friendship - see The Green Mile).  Every word, gesture and glance  is ultimately of the greatest importance to the unfolding story, leading to  a totally unforeseen resolution which left the audience I saw it with  gasping.  The friendship portrayed by Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman is  believable and deeply touching, yet somehow avoids the sentiment a lesser  filmmaker would have been unable to resist.  Experience it and spread the  word
B00004SCX6|4.0|Hello people who are thinking about buying B.Spears new album. All I have to say is that its kinda like the old one. She makes no difference really.  Its good dance-pop music. Some slow songs we can do with out because face  it she aint no Mariah. But for songs with a good beat and catchy tunes i  recommend that this is the album for you. I hope I havent took too much of  your time.
B00004RHZU|5.0|This whole CD is so great!  most of the songs make you get up and dance and the two ballads are also excellent.  This is the best CD to come out in a long time! This is the CD of the year for sure!<br />1.)Split Personality-I  really like this song and great lyrics.<br />2.)Hell Wit Ya-A fun song and  very fast paced.<br />3.)Most Girls-This is 1 of my favorites it is so good  and the chorus is so catchy!<br />4.)There You Go-Everybody knows this song.   If you like this song, You will love this whole CD.<br />5.)You Make Me  Sick-Great upbeat song and it has to make you move your booty!<br />6.)Let Me  Let You Know-1st ballad of the album and you really hear her great voice on  this song and it sounds so good!<br />7.)Love Is Such A Crazy Thing-The beats  in this song are so good.<br />8.)Private Show-Upbeat and really good beats.   Just another Great song. This is one of my other favorites.<br />9.)Can't Take  Me Home-The beats are so good and she sounds so cool.  And she cusses(its  blanked out)<br />10.)Stop Falling-The other ballad.  Great voice.  This song  is great but I love her upbeat songs.<br />11.)Do What You Do-Great tune and  her lyrics are great.<br />12.)Hiccup-This sounds so cool.  Her voice sounds  like a hiccup and its sooo good.<br />13.)Is It Love-Great lyrics in this  song.<br />Bottom line: Pink has got it going on! She is gonna be around for a  long time and she is so good and brings some great R&amp;B and hip-hop  flavor to the world! this CD is a must have to your CD collection!
038533348X|5.0|This is one of the funniest, thought-provoking books I have ever read--funny from the first line, thought-provoking weeks after reading it. Vonnegut is very deceptive in his writing. Just when you think you know  what's going on, he turns the story in a completely new direction. I was  kept off-balance throughout the entire book.<br />The book puts you in a  strange quandry: you want others to read the book, but as you read it you  want to share outloud almost every scene. It would be easy for me to post  here my many favorite lines, memorable moments, and insights drawn from  this work. It would also ruin it for every one of you who have not yet read  the book. I would not do that you should experience this story first  hand.<br />There is a stanza from a poem by Lucille Clifton that is strangely  appropriate to &quot;Cat's Cradle&quot; even though it deals with an  entirely different subject matter. In this altered paraphrase of Clifton's  words, Cat's Cradle &quot;is a political story is a war story is a  universal story but it is not about these things this story is about one  human heart this story is the story at the end of the world.&quot;
0345350499|5.0|One of the main mistakes people make is passing over &quot;The Mists of Avalon&quot; because of its length. That is such a major mistake! Once you start reading you are happy it's so long, because it's SO good, you never  want to put it down! The Mists Of Avalon puts a very new spin on the King  Arthur legends- this time from the women's perspective. The story is told  mostly from Morgain's point-of-view. This is definatley a girl's book- guys  are free to go ahead, but I'm not sure if they'd like it as much. When my  friend recommened it, I was a little wary of another King Arthur book,(I  had just finished Once and Future King)but decided to try it anyway. It is  so utterly different from The Once and Future King! You may have some of  the same events, but they are told with totally different circumstances.  The characters also have very different personalites. In Once and Future  King, Morgain is Morgain LeFay, the evil fairy, but in this book she's the  protaganist. If you have any doubts just read 10 pages, and then try to put  this book down- that's a challenge!
0930289455|5.0|I've had this story for about two weeks and I've already read it three times. It surprised me how well written it was. The characterization of the Joker is incredible. I especially liked the Joker's insight into his and  Batman's motivations--everyone being &quot;Just one bad day away&quot; from  slipping off the edge. Unlike other graphic novels that tend to drop the  ball with the conclusion, &quot;The Killing Joke&quot; ends on a very  satisfying note.<br />This story is poignant, well-written, and an absolute  must for any reader of Batman.
B000002LEE|5.0|This is Jane's Addiction's best CD, and the one to start with if you don't own any of their stuff.  The songwriting rocks hard and is better than &quot;Ritual&quot;.  &quot;Ritual&quot; has 3 of Jane's Best songs on it,  but as an album it doesn't work as well as &quot;Nothing's Shocking&quot;.
6304057709|4.0|Hats off of Emma Thompson for her wonderful screenplay.  She did a superb job of putting this story together.  Even though she's a little too old for Elinor's nineteen, she played the part very well indeed.  The Dashwoods,  under the recent loss of the father, lose their beloved Norland to the  half-brother, John.  John and his selfish wife, Fanny quickly take over.   While still in residence, the Dashwoods are introduced to Fanny's visiting  brother, Edward.  He is shy, but witty.  Hugh Grant plays the part well.   Edward and Elinor form an attachment, but Fanny does not approve.  Her only  wish is to get the Dashwoods out of her house and separate ther brother  from Miss Dashwood.   Recieving a cottage by Mrs. Dashwood's cousin, the  family depart Norland to take up residence in the more affordable home,   surrounded by beautiful countryside and sea side.  Elinor we know is  saddened, but she doesn't show it.  Their landlord, Middleton and his  mother-in-law Mrs. Jennings are overly friendly.  Mrs. Jennings is an  annoying busy body who would be better off learning to mind her own  business.  Sometimes I just wanted to slap her and tell her to shut up!   The best thing to come out of the too-friendly landlord is that the  Dashwoods become aquainted with Colonel Brandon.  Marianne's infatutation  with Willoughby, after he rescues her and carries her home after a tumble  developes into an intense love.  Willoughby  appears to feel the same, but  I got the impression while watching that he didn't care for Marianne as  much as he acted.  Willoughby receives some news and must away, in essence  deserting Marianne.  Her hurt at this terrible loss is touching.  And it  takes her a long time to get over it.   I won't go on and summarize ALL of  the events.  Just watch it yourself.   And forget about Elinor and Edward.   Theirs is a nice little story, but I was far more moved by the storyline  involving Marianne and Colonel Brandon (Alan Rickman, playing the Colonel  to perfection).  His love for her is amazing.  He is so patient, unselfish,  quietly loving her as she herself is indifferent to him.  Though not as  dashingly handsome as Willoughby, he has more character and is by far the  better man.  I found him much more likeable.     I loved the moment at  Marianne's sickbed when after Colonel Brandon fetches Mrs. Dashwood,  Marianne says &quot;thank you&quot; to him. Anyone who watches this movie  will guess the outcome.  Jane Austen was all about happy endings and having  the right couples get together.  Love conquers all, it's said, and it  certainly does is this film.  And since &quot;Marianne could never love by  halves&quot;, I was very happy with the ending. This is a must see for  anyone in the mood for a romantic film, and especially for Jane Austen  fans.
B000002H70|5.0|I find The Cure's records pretty average - uninspiring even.  Which is why I'm pleased to report that &quot;Disintegraion&quot; is one of the greatest records ever made. I don't know why I love this CD so much and not like  most of their other work, but I must say that this is THE Cure CD to own.   This is the height of their artistic skill.
B00004SST6|3.0|The first two cuts on this CD have nothing to do with the make-up of this Benson revival.  It seems as though Vega's influence in the production of these two cuts was an attempt to tap in to Santana's recent celebrity.   &quot;The Ghetto&quot; and &quot;El Barrio&quot; ruin the continuity of the  CD.  I copied the CD and edited out the first two cuts.  What a difference  ... much better!
0783230664|3.0|What the hell were they thinking? The DTS sounds fine, but not really neccesary with this title. Giving only the &quot;pan&amp;scan&quot; version is a crime.<br />5 Stars for the movie and DTS<br />1 Star for the lack of  features and no widescreen.
B00004T1HK|2.0|In a world of constantly evolving teens into a more and more sexually active and violent society it seems that Britney has added her own ideal of what the typical teenie bopper should be.  Grotesque and ultimately too  revealing, her fashion sense gives the American teenager the idea that  dressing less is acceptable.  I'm not saying that long skirts and long  sleeve shirts are correct, but where are the days when not showing skin was  MORE provactive?  These days nothing is left to the imagination, what a  shame since imagination can often be more stimulating.  Britney tells the  teenage girls of today that sex sells, and boy does she use it to sell her  album.  Her voice is like a nasal piccolo.  The songs have no substance and  the believability that Britney has acutally experienced any of the lyrics  is laughable.  My suggestion, if you have an IQ of 2, buy this album, since  you're probably in a vegetative state anyway.
0792156684|5.0|Here it is, the most popular movie ever made (besides Star Wars), it almost seems intimidating to write a review on it.  Many people dislike this movie for 2 reasons:<br />1.)  It's overwealming popularity: this movie  can turn many low budget movie fans off.  Plus, a lot of younger men don't  really like Leonardo DiCaprio.  People are getting sick of hearing about  it.<br />2.)  It's Script:  The dialogue in this movie is it's one major week  point.  The dialogue seems flat and cliched.  This is the one thing critics  complained about.<br />Despite those flaws, this is a very well done and  powerful movie.  The love story in the first half of the movie drags on,  but this is an attempt by the filmmakers to get you to like the characters  and relate to them.  This movie screams production value.  Absolutely  beautiful sets, beautiful 90% scale ship, powerful moments, images,  editing, and an excellent score by James Horner far outweigh the minor  gripes some people have about this movie.  Highly Reccomended.
B00000ILE6|5.0|The special edition of Aliens is the best film-to-video transfer I've ever seen.  Because it's the Special Edition you can see the dark  background.  Without the aid of the Special Edition you wouldn't see anything.  One of  the nice little additions is 17 minutes of added footage that's not in the  original.  And for the real movie buffs, if you have a great surround sound  setup, this will blow your socks off.  Also in Widescreen format.  As good  as VHS videos will ever get!
B00004RFFI|3.0|This movie was a blast.  It was fun to watch and it was very entertaining.  If you can, check it out on DVD, the digital sound mix is definately something you can use to show off your sound system.  The only problem I  had with this movie was the fact that the plot seemed to keep repeating:  Go out and get tornado, almost get killed, survive.  That is mostly the  movie, and there is a side love story.  Here is an interesting gripe, when  they are 20 feet away running from the tornado, their hair isn't even  blowing!  I guess CG tornados can't do that.<br />Still, great special  effects, good fun, and good entertainment.  Reccomended for action buffs.
6305180261|5.0|Guns N' Roses did it all... they were the best rock band in the world, and they made the best videos. The simpler vids from Appetite for Destruction are all here, as are the classics which still stand as the standard for all  music videos made today: Don't Cry, November Rain and Estranged, the last  of which is worth the price of the tape all by itself. Was a little annoyed  not to have You Could Be Mine on the tape, but the video wasn't as good as  the song anyway. Get the videos if, and only if, you love rock n' roll.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|I simply had to write in to express how blown away I am by this album. I was a huge Iron Maiden fan in high school, but sort of lost interest post Seventh Son material. A roommate let me listen to &quot;The X Factor&quot;  and it was so terrible it made me cry, and i never even bothered listening  to the other Blaze Maiden album. So, my expectations for this were NOT  high. However, this is a stunning album, a timeless classic that almost  erases the memory of &quot;No Prayer...&quot; and &quot;Fear of the  Dark.&quot; The three guitar line-up is stellar, Bruce's voice is in fine  fashion (even if he probably shouldn't go for the super high notes  anymore), and Harris and McBrain are awesome, McBrain in particular is a  monster on this album. &quot;Ghost of the Navigator&quot; &quot;Out of the  Silent Planet&quot; and &quot;The Nomad&quot; are as good as anything  Maiden has ever done. The lyrics are a little cheesy, so that's why I could  only give it 4 stars. So, in essence, if you think Iron Maiden is washed up  and old news, as I did, give this album a chance. You will be impressed!
B000002KD9|5.0|I don't know what I should add to the comments made by other reviewers, all I can try to do is explain to somebody who does not know Neil's production, what's in this album. Well, it's a folk/country/rock album,but  mainly it shows Neil's skill in composing and writing music. The album's  title-track is still a classic, a real jewel, Southern man is a real rock  anthem, not dated at all, Only love can break your heart and Don't let it  bring you down are great inspired songs, dominated by an acoustic guitar +  piano and Neil's strange voice. As always, it's very difficult to describe  music in writing, but, apart from suggesting to everybody who does not own  it to buy it (if you compare it with even the best albums that come out  today, even from Neil's new works,  there is really no comparison!), I  would summarise it with this definition: an acoustic jewel of melodic  composition. That's really the important thing in good music, not the way  one plays, not the lyrics, not the arrangements, but just the melody in the  songs. The arrangements are very simple, there is a lot of acoustic  guitar+piano, not a lot of electric guitar except for Southern Man (what a  solo! ). Well, I did not say much, but really, try to listen to it, if you  like Neil Young, or Dylan,or the Smiths, all those great songwriters,  because it's a masterpiece! And let me know what you think about it.
0679721037|1.0|it is the most boring book i have ever read! it is a long news paper article! it goes by sooo slow! if it wasnt for the test i have on it wed. i would of dropped it the first 5 pages! it only gets slower!
B000002G87|2.0|Clapton's best moments were, undoubtfully, the ones he spent with Ginger and Jack. By then he had freshness and promissed to really change things for better in the music field. After that, all he did was just repetitive,  full of keyboards and boring. Listen to what he did here with Little Wing  and tell me sincerely: Don't u think he had potential to have done MUCH  BETTER than that with this song?
B000002IZ4|3.0|This album put me to sleep!  No.4 is so much better!  Next time I want to buy an album, I'll listen to it before I buy it, because I want my money back!
B000002GLE|5.0|Yes the CD is really good, great songs and GREAT band. Sting was trying to prove he could stand up alone (and he did!).<br />But a remark must be done here: despite the previous review, don't get confused:<br />THE BASS LINES  ARE REALLY GREAT, BUT IT'S DARRIL JONES AND NOT STING WHO PLAYS THEM.
B0000004V2|5.0|Everyone has their own Stone Roses story, and I am no different.  I was only nine when this album came, and obviously was too busy with my Batman  fetish to follow the Madchester scene.  As a 14 year old alt-radio fan, I  dug &quot;Love Spreads,&quot; but assumed it was the work of minor, almost  one-hit-wonder caliber band.  <br />Thus, I was caught by surprise when, in  the course of reading up on the British scene throughout the '90s, I  learned that these same Stone Roses were responsible for one of the most  significant albums of the past 15 years.  <br />On reputation alone, I ordered  the album, not having heard a single track.  It is now among my 3 or 4  favorite albums.  It is nothing short of magic.  <br />&quot;I Wanna Be  Adored&quot; is powerful enough to give me chills.  It contains essentially  one line, yet that line speaks volumes.  &quot;She Bangs the Drums&quot; is  typical Roses - the chorus is practically perfect.  I dare you to try  escaping the pure pop catchiness of &quot;Elephant Stone.&quot;  &quot;Bye  Bye Madman&quot; features wonderfully subtle tempo changes.  &quot;Made of  Stone&quot; is both brutal and beautiful, again with a genius of a chorus.   &quot;This Is the Stone&quot; is pure bliss.  &quot;I am the  Resurrection&quot; features a great build-up, followed by a wildly  different jam session, yet closes the album perfectly.  Included here also  is the greatest white-boy funk song of all, &quot;Fools Gold.&quot;<br />This  is the perfect album for a sunny summer day.  If only I had been old enough  in that glorious summer of 1989 to discover the magic firsthand.  Buy this  now and recreate your own Summer of Love.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I'd first like to say that Fight Club is not for all tastes. It was very controversial when it first came out, and many people aren't going to like it. It's an extremly disturbing film. But I loved it. I thought it was an  insightful look at a lost generation and how they have to outlet their  frustration. The DVD is just spectacular! It has boundless extras like 4  different commentary tracks (I think this could be a record), documetary  features, and many different advertising features (I loved the Public  Service Annoucements). Although I recomend watching the film before you buy  it, it is an amazing item to own.
B000002GDJ|4.0|I can still remember when I first listened to &quot;Message in a Bottle&quot; about 18 years ago as if it was yesterday. The way these 3 guys changed the music scenario of the time was the beginning of a new  music movement so big that it would take another decade to bring something  new. This album was the first and one of the best of the Police and it has  changed my life in ways I cannot begin to describe.
B000002LA2|3.0|Any Clapton fan should own this album, if not for a few good songs here and there, then for &quot;It's in the way that you use it&quot; alone. Once you get past the keyboards, listen to the guitar solo on this track- if you  like blues at all, it will truly speak to you.
B000001GK9|4.0|This recording is a truly great, truly unique Ninth. It is great because it IS the Ninth. Karajan follows Mahler's composition to the finest detail. In so doing, this recording comes to the honest core of Mahler's vision.  What a vision it is.<br />This recording is unique because it is both the  last completed symphony by Mahler and one of the last symphonies recorded  by Karajan. Mahler's emotions are palpable in this work. Karajan's quest  for excellence in this recording exudes a similar feel.<br />The recorded  sound is above reproach. The BPO has rarely sounded this grand. Mahler  himself would be pleased. I recommend this disc.
B00004SYJX|5.0|Slipknot, personally my favorite band, has the best songs.  The songs are original, rocking, and unbelievable.  Their the best band and they make the best songs, and the 9-man band create the best songs!  The original album  wqas awesome at first, but when I got the album with the 3 extra bonus  tracks on it, I flipped out!  Get this is the best songs, with Corey  screaming like people getting burned alive on stakes, it just takes my  breath away.  Interloper, the demo of Diluted, is a nice song that sounds  sort of like Diluted.  Despise is a great song and also a demo, but I don't  know which track it's a demo for.  I recommend this awesome album by  Slipknot, it kicks ass:)
B00000BKDS|4.0|I think Led Zeppelin stink.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I just got this cd. I like #3 Stan (is about a dear fan that is writings letters to Eminem trying to get him to be friends and Eminem finally writes  him) Criminal is a great song, IM Back is about how he dissn all of  boy-bands. Marshall Mathers is another ausome song. All the songs have rap  and very upbeat songs. Lots of good beats. Kim is a song about Eminem's  girlfriend but on the clean version it is replaced with a song called The  Kids it is a South Park type of theme.  If you want to know the others  songs get the cd.  One more thing Eminem shows his sense of humor on the cd  and you will crack up.. If you like rap. Get this SOOOOO COOL CD! PS:  EMINEM IS THE REAL SLIM SHADY!
0964385619|5.0|Yup, this is one of those books that hits ya in the gut---a powerful, mind changing, easy-to-read book with plenty of insight, enthusiasm, and wisdom. I couldn't put it down! I read it twice. And it made a lot of sense! (or  should that be &quot;cents&quot;?) I was especially amazed at the way he  looks at assets and liabilities. Our new home is a liability!  I have  highly recommended this to one of my sons, and its message surely needs to  be relayed to all our children. On the negative side, it's like being given  one small square of your favorite chocolate in one of those fancy  boxes---boy that was good, but where's more, more?  But don't let that  fact stop you--it's worth every word on its little pages!
B000007ODY|5.0|I found these to be excellent performances of Brahms' four symphonies - consistently exciting, vibrant and passionate!  The Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, under the direction of  the late legendary conductor Herbert von  Karajan, recorded the complete Brahms cycle in 1978.  Especially enjoyable  for me were Symphony No. 1, which shows the composer at his most fiery and  passionate, and Symphony No. 4,  which is filled with the autumnal glow of  a man nearing the end of his life and at peace with himself.<br /><br />The  digitally remastered sound quality of these analog recordings is excellent.  Awarded a three-star rating (signifying \\"an outstanding performance  and recording in every way,\\") by the \\"Penguin Guide to Compact  Discs,\\" this two-CD set is highly recommendable to all  fans of  Brahms' music.
6303160344|4.0|Kieslowski's &quot;Blue&quot; is a beautiful film that tends to hit you more in the subconscious than in the story.  The general feel of the film is one of melacholy, and you are definitely affected by the end of the  film, (or bored out of your mind if you are into action flicks).  This is  definitely a chick film, but it has so much going for it.  PS - if you  enjoyed watching this movie, definitely check out the rest of the trilogy,  even though I think the others are not as good. The ties that all these  films share with each other make it a very interesting trilogy of films.
B00004SST6|5.0|As one of my good friends put it, 'Absolute Benson is the best Joe Sample CD I've heard in a while'!  Not being critical at all, because I absolutely (get it?, absolutely!) love this CD.  But, with Joe Sample adding his  expertise to every track (check the liner notes), this is more a  compilation than a solo endeavor.  No matter what, it is Jazz at it's best.   Lovin' it and playin' it to death!
0783216084|5.0|There are few sounds more terrifying than hearing someone screaming &quot;Shark!&quot; at a beach or from the water, whether it be in real life or the movies. A young Steven Spielberg went out and milked that scream for  help for all it is worth and more: made a classic Adventure-Horror movie.  &quot;Jaws&quot; is great in every department. The acting is flawless, with  Roy Scheider, Richard Dreyfuss and Robert Shaw &quot;bonding&quot; in their  search and detroy mission of the ultimate great white shark. So powerful is  Jaws that almost any picture since has taken little bits from it, unable to  escape from its enormous shark shadow. Spielberg, from the opening night  sequence shocks us(one of the most terrifying in history) when we don't  even see the shark, but see the first victim from the shark's eye view and  John William's brilliant soundtrack telling us the terror is just starting.  Spielberg has made many great movies, but none scarier than Jaws, none that  has its combination of terror, adventure, high spirits, great acting and  superb technical achievement of editing, cinematography and sound. With  this masterpiece, Spielberg, at a young age, set the bar higher for horror  and adventure films, and showed he was a genius in making action movies. It  still holds up well, much better than digital movies that are pale in  comparison, sloppy and incoherent compared to the great unity of Jaws.  Steven Spielberg might have made movies after Jaws that were as good but  none better. Jumping beyond its genre , it is on my list of top twenty   movies ever made.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Look...if i could give this cd a 0 i would. I rate this cd nextto korn's issues and the backstreet boys! All the music has been donebefore. And Limp Bizkit is just one of Mtv's [darlings]. If it wasen't for Mtv Limp Bizkit woulden't be nothing. And in my opnion Mtv ruins bands! Well...Limp Bizkit was never anygood from the beginnig. If you wanna go buy something worth wild go buy some Slipknot, Statix X, Nine Inch Nails...not this peice of...
B000002JS6|5.0|This is one of my favorite cds. When i feel like just listening to some good rock, I put this cd in. I got to admit though for you music fanatic people that all the songs sound exactly the same. You know what i thought  when i realized this, WHO THE HELL CARES. The cd is great and every song is  great because well they all sound the same. A all around great album. THIS  REVIEW BLOWS DOESNT IT?
B00003CXAY|4.0|When I saw this movie, I had no idea of its environmentalist (Malthusian) message.  I disagree with the message, but I still like the movie because it is a fascinating study in new ways of looking at things.  Using  time-lapse photography and slow motion, the filmmaker makes different  aspects of the subject spring into awareness.  I don't consider the clever  juxtaposition of nature images with images of traffic, explosions, and  other human artifacts to be a compelling argument for stemming human  activity, but it does make for fascinating motion study.  Environmentalists  will love it, but you can ignore the intended message and still enjoy the  movie.  I _like_ looking at traffic.
B00000BKDV|5.0|This is Iron Maidens fourth album.  The second album with singer Bruce Dickinson, and the first album with drummer Nikko McBrain.  This is a very  strong album with the best production value in there 4 album progress.  Piece of Mind has a great deal of classic Maiden songs.  The Trooper, Where  Eagles Dare, and Die With Your Boots On are just a few.  The band's  abilities shine on this album.  This album pushed Maiden over the top and  is a top notch example of what metal is!
B00004RFFM|3.0|Question: What do you get if you cross Aliens, Jurassic Park and Jaws? Answer: Deep Blue Sea.<br />A scientist has found a certain chemical useful for treating Alzheimer's disease can be found in the brains of sharks. The  larger the brain, the more chemical is produced, and she quickly discovers  how to breed sharks with increased brain capacity. Unfortunately there is a  slight problem. The sharks got smarter.<br />From the second you see the  opening sequence you can almost count the running footsteps later on. Okay,  it's a basic thriller but the formula is getting a bit tired. Plus it was  produced by the same people as Deep Rising, so it does get a bit  repetitive. There are, however, some scary and shocking moments which have  you jumping in your seat - not least Samuel Jackson's untimely demise. If  you liked Jaws, you'll enjoy this. If not, just disconnect your brain and  watch.
B00000BKDX|5.0|If you like metal at all buy this album.  It contains the cream of the band's first five albums.  The line up for this tour I beleive to be the  strongest for Iron Maiden.  I could break each song down but they prefer  you use less than a thousand words.  The performances on this double cd are  flawless.  You get excerpts from two nights at Long Beach areana and a few  songs from Donnington.  This is pure greatness in my opinion.  It could  well be the best live album of all time in my book.  Listen to the samples  if you have any doubt.  I have bought this album many times on all three  major forms of media(I just worn them out).  This reissue is better than  the innitial release because you get all the songs that were on the record  set instead of one condensed cd that was originally released in the 80's.  Up the Irons!
6305342776|1.0|When The Black Hole was first proposed it had a much better concept and design but,unfortunately,interfering Disney executives decided to &quot;change&quot; the concept and script,and ruined the film.One original  impressive robot design was changed into a childish bin of a robot.And the  movie ended up with a ridiculous scene where a silly looking robot with a  &quot;Slim Pickens&quot; voice does a death scene so bad that it is  laughable.Appalling writing!The original double scene ending &quot;voyage  through the hole&quot; was kept and is impressive.The villain is shown  symbolically going to hell and the survivors go through the Black Hole to  another area of space.This is the only hint of what the movie might have  been if the executives had left well enough alone.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I eagerly bought Fiona's second CD on the date of its release -- and to this day, I am still listening.  I'm not sure what it is -- some luck, or genius, or something else... but every aspect of this CD brings it so very  close to perfection.  I would highly recommend anyone to purchase it -- you  are going to enjoy it.  The beat of the CD mimics the natural rhythm of the  heart, the same beat as Shakespeare had written his plays.  The words are  so meaningfully deep that they are painfully difficult to take all in at  once (ex: ...too much to love).  I can't truly explain why the CD is so  good, but I know it is.  If you want the science of it, go read a Top 1000  reviewer; if you want reassurance to buy this CD, just trust me: buy it;  you'll like it.
B000002U9E|5.0|the drama, the genuine sense of excitement, the beautiful lyrics, the amazing mix of styles and cultures, the incredible production - and the wondering what surprises the next track will bring (even on your umpteenth  listen). this album is one of a kind. it deserves a place in every true  music lover's collection. it's the cd you can always come back to when  nothing else quite fits the mood. definitely one of the best albums of any  kind i've ever heard.
0553274503|5.0|This book is absolutely wonderful.  I own it and will never get tired of reading it.  I shall only tell you the exposition of the book because I fear I will give away the ending.  The book is about a mentally challenged  man who is 32 years old and lives in New York City.  He goes to the Beekman  School for Retarded Adults to learn how to read and write.  He was chosen  for an operation which will increase his intelligence.  I will not tell you  anymore because the slightest detail will give away the ending.  Even if  you like other types of books you'd love this book.  The whole storyline is  unique and you'll be able to put yourself in the shoes of Charlie  Gordon.The book is at a wonderful price too.  I overpaided when I saw this  price.  Charlie Gordon is the person to read about.  It isn't just one of  those regular novels, it's a masterpiece!
B00000J6AG|5.0|18 tracks of brilliance from the most energetic man in pop. every one's a winner.
0140177396|5.0|This book never ceases to amaze me.  I was never bored by it either.  Most expositions in books don't have a very long attention span.  I love reading how these two totally different men go around looking for jobs yet never  seem to find one.  Yet for this book they land one at a farm being  farmhands.  The ending can be very/not very predictable depending on what  type of thinking skills you use, yet the book is great.  Get it and you  will be amazed as I was too.
B00003W8NM|5.0|this film does not beg to be liked. it is horrible; dense; sick and wrong; shocking; brutal; fantastical; it hurts to watch.  any attempt to identify with a character, or to locate a &quot;hero&quot;, is swiftly struck down.  at the same time it's delicate, heartbreakingly sad, watching the ugliest  kid in class get beaten for the eightieth time this year. We are being  forced to purchase the DVD in an attempt to outsell THE MATRIX; the VHS  editions are terrible and cruelly overpriced.  For twenty-some-odd bucks  (and a DVD player upon which to watch it) you get a gorgeous package, two  disks, hours of supplementary footage, 2.41-to-1 anamorphic widescreen, and  you support all the brilliant filmmakers who went through all this trouble  just to make you cringe for a few hours.
6305013578|5.0|Metropolis is one of may all-time favourite movies. The plot concerns a man, Freder Fredersen, who is the son of the mastermind behind an ultramodern city. The city is completely mechanised but is supported by a  mass of workers who operate the machines that keep the city alive and who  live underground (a little improbable but literalism isn't always important  in expressionistic films). Freder is unaware of the underground workers  until a daughter of one of the slaves comes above ground and Freder sees  her. He is struck with compassion for these people and asks his father  about them, who, as the leader of the city, is happy for things to remain  as they are. The master of Metropolis consults with Rotwang, a mad  scientist of sorts (the allusion to the evil magician is only slightly  masked), who comes up with a robot that when mass produced, will ultimately  replace all of the humans below, making the city completely automated. The  robot is made in the likeness of the young woman and sows the seeds of  sedition, which casues the workers below to destroy all of the machines,  and thus ruining the city. A truce is reached at the end. The  cinematography of this move is stunning, the acting is beautiful and the  message is even more real today than it was when the movie was made in  1926. The idea of a fully automated society in which machines are more  important thatn human beings seems all to real today, whereas it was only a  distant fabtasy in the twenties. While the literal torture that the workers  lived in seems out of place now, the possibility of total mechanisation  still remains a fearful spectre. A very disturbing, but very rewarding  film.
B00004TH6O|5.0|This cd is probably one of the best in years. The only cd that comes close is there first one. The songs go from great jams to one of the greatest punk tunes by Nick O. ever. Josh Homme's guitar playing is unreal. You can  play this over and over. Thank you guys -- Ilove this CD!
0790729733|1.0|This was one of the most boring and uninteresting movies that I have ever sat through. The message was just as dubious. &quot;Is the government worth preserving when it lies to the people?&quot; My answer: &quot;Since when  have governments ever done anything else?&quot; It was just a big waste of  time.
B00000DCHI|5.0|I think every family in America should own at least one copy of this CD. It is truly amazing.  I am only 13 years old, and I borrowed this CD from my parents, just so I could listen to &quot;Piano Man&quot;, which is a  great song and has a great piano solo. But then I listened to some of the  other songs and was blown away. The next song &quot;Captain Jack&quot; is  long and tells a good story, but it is still great. Another one of my  favorites is &quot;The Stranger&quot;. I like the faint whistling at the  beginning &amp; end and the rhythms and melodies in the music are superb.  &quot;Scenes from an Italian Restaurant&quot; may be the best overall song  on both CDs. And &quot;Just the Way You Are&quot; is the best love song.  Unfortunately, I don't think CD 2 is as good as CD 1, but it's still good.  I like &quot;Pressure&quot;, &quot;Allentown&quot;, &quot;Goodnight  Saigon&quot; and &quot;Uptown Girl&quot; on CD 2. I was surprised that I  loved this CD because usually I like hard-rock music such as Aerosmith and  Led Zeppelin. Plus this is the only CD I like that my parents can tolerate.  My only regret is that &quot;We Didn't Start the Fire&quot; isn't on this.  That song sounds like it should be on CD 2.
6303614493|5.0|Casper is a very cute and funny movie with great special effects. I also luv this movie cuz Devon Sawa is in this movie. I am not a fan of Christina Ricci but did she did a great job playing Kat. I am also no longer a Devon  Sawa fan but he looks so darn hott in this movie! He's now 21 (almost 22)  and he's lost his good looks. When Casper was made in 1995 Devon was only  17. My favorite scene is when Kat sees the real life Casper for the first  time and they slow dance together. I also luv the scene when Casper makes  breakfast for Kat and Dr. Harvey. This a great movie and I'm planning on  getting it soon. I am also going to buy the soundtrack. Casper is a great  movie! It deserves 5 stars!
158234082X|4.0|Bourdain writes about the passion of the kitchen (and the passion that happens sometimes inside it).  Having been in the industry since I was 15 (but not much behind the line) I have been in the trenches of the  restaurant, and seen many a weirder thing in the kitchen.  For those who  have a passion for life and like a book to be more than  what it's cover  suggests - you will enjoy reading Bourdain's revealing look at how he got  started, his memories of his early childhood of trying, then learning to  love the weirdest of foods, that as adults we love to love!  There is  nothing like a memory to set you straight about why you pursued a career  you've grown to love.  I own my own restaurant where luckily nothing so  tawdry has  gone on but still I too have my restaurant and hotel stories.   To find other storytellers in the industry writing more about what goes on  in the back of the house stirs me, as I am sure it does others.  Refreshing  it is not to read the frou frou drizzle of certain Celebrity Puppet  &quot;Chefs&quot; who could not work behind the line if there life depended  on it.  I am glad to see someone putting it down so eloquently, yet so  drenchingly honest. As an owner (and I always a very honest restaurant  employee), I highly recommend the last chapter &quot;So you want to be a  Chef.&quot;  Every restaurateur, chef (and those pursuing chefdom) and  consultant should have this book!  <br />If you have ever been in the industry  and been burned (yes, really burned) by a chef or &quot;broiler boy,&quot;   you will live in the pages with Bourdain.  I have recommended this to every  friend I have from the field, as there is a certain kinship that  occurs  with your fellow garcons, chefs, managers, etc. and Bourdain brings all of  those tales to you on a beautiful plate to feast upon.<br />And it by far is  the best book on my night table this year.  <br />Cheers and Salut!
B00000JCOV|5.0|I really liked this cd for mainly one reason, the speed of it, it has some good songs like me inside and sic, but if u want a real thrill buy reign in blood or south of heaven by SLAYER.
B00004RHZU|5.0|I really that `There you go' single and she sing the song in her cool way with her signature Pink hair.Man,she sounds crazy and sexy as well. Other songs,my faves are `Hell wit ya' and `Split personality'.Those songs quite  cool just like `There you go'.D' ya know that her real name is Alecia  Moore?Better know than don't. Holly molly!I think the rest of the songs are  real cool because I love hip-hop and RnB,so she's the best choice for  hip-hoppers.Guys,better keep P!NK can't take me home as your collector  Item.Buy it or you `can't take me home'! .                                   HELL WIT YA!
B000003N7G|5.0|Some albums take you back, make you dance, and some transport the  listener. Where you go on that journey is the genius of the album and the  genius of John Coltrane. Through his own spiritual journey, Trane is  saying, &quot;Here's where I am. Where are you at? Where are you  going?&quot;, and he challenges and compels the listener to rise to a level  of consciousness, self-awareness, and community with the Divine they may be  unaccustomed to and might find uncomfortable. That's why those who are  looking for &quot;catchiness&quot; or a tiptoe through the tulips are  missing the entire concept of this masterpiece. There are times when I find  myself in a &quot;Coltrane state of mind.&quot; It is that place where  intellect, reason, spirituality and meditative sel-examination work in  lockstep to show or reveal something you hadn't before realized.  When I  find myself there, I listen to this album. I am not a hyperbolic person, in  fact, I consider myself quite reserved. This album, however, leaves me at  once humbled, grateful, and lifted. Adjectives? Seminal. Visceral.  Incandescent. Enlightened. Transcendent. Epiphanal.
B00003BE32|5.0|I have yet to S&amp;M in it's entirety but i think it's going to be an awesome concert.  The reason why I don't have it yet is b/c I am waiting for the DVD.  From the clips of it that i saw on MTV and VH-1, I would have  to say in Cunning Stunts, Metallica had more room to move about and  interact wih the crowd.  From what i have seen in S&amp;M, they are  confined to a small stage.  Cunning Stunts looks more entertaining to watch  due to the interacrion with the crowd but S&amp;M's music sounds 100%  better.  (I am not saying Cunning Stunts sound was bad either)  but if  Metallica puts their name on something, it has to be top-notch.
B000003N7G|5.0|Some albums take you back, make you dance, and some transport the listener. Where you go on that journey is the genius of the album and the genius of John Coltrane. Through his own spiritual journey, Trane is  saying, &quot;Here's where I am. Where are you at? Where are you  going?&quot;, and he challenges and compels the listener to rise to a level  of consciousness, self-awareness, and community with the Divine they may be  unaccustomed to and might find uncomfortable. That's why those who are  looking for &quot;catchiness&quot; or a tiptoe through the tulips are  missing the entire concept of this masterpiece. There are times when I find  myself in a &quot;Coltrane state of mind.&quot; It is that place where  intellect, reason, spirituality and meditative sel-examination work in  lockstep to show or reveal something you hadn't before realized.  When I  find myself there, I listen to this album. I am not a hyperbolic person, in  fact, I consider myself quite reserved. This album, however, leaves me at  once humbled, grateful, and lifted. Adjectives? Seminal. Visceral.  Incandescent. Enlightened. Transcendent. Epiphanal.
B000003TA4|5.0|Is there any doubt that this is the landmark album of the 1990's?  Some might say this distinction belongs to Dr. Dre's THE CHRONIC, Beck's ODELAY, Pearl Jam's TEN, or even Radiohead's OK COMPUTER, but NEVERMIND has to be  the choice.  The entire genre of rock throughout the 90's was based on this  record with every band trying to recapture its memorable sound and market  appeal.  Of course &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; was the anthem that  started the alternative revolution, but there's quality in many other songs  here besides just this.  I'm not sure why, but &quot;Something In The  Way&quot; has always stood out to me with its gentle, yet sad mood.  The  haunting &quot;Come As You Are&quot; will always remain an emotional track  because of the circumstances that would follow a few years later.  The true  punk roots of Nirvana are shown well in &quot;Territorial Pissings,&quot;  which is possibly the most brutal and emotional song I've ever heard.   &quot;In Bloom&quot; and &quot;Lithium&quot; became MTV and radio staples  for good reason since they displayed with a vengenace that NEVERMIND had  much more depth beyond its well-known first hit.  My final favorite, among  many, would be &quot;Polly&quot; because of its mid-tempo pace and hummable  chorus that isn't buried amongst the guitars.  It's a shame to see about  ten copies of this CD in every used record store I walk into because it  should be a part of any fan's collection who has absoluely the slightest  interest at all in rock, metal, punk, or power-pop music.
0312932081|5.0|This is probably the best sci-fi book ever written, It has a great anount of suspence; I guarantee that you won't be able to put it down. Not only is it great for entretainment, but also, it has a lot of deeper issues. I  highly recommend it. IT ROCKS
B00002E233|4.0|Your enjoyment of this film can be easily predicted in advance, based on your expectations. If you're looking for a literate, intelligent action-thriller with a message ... sorry! this probably isn't it. On the  other hand, if you're in the mood for a mindless, thrilling rollercoaster  ride that twists and turns but takes you nowhere ... you'll likely enjoy  it, maybe a lot!<br />The narrative really isn't much: it's simply the classic  film plot of Scientist Messes With Nature; Nature Gets Out of Hand; Who  Will Be Left at the End?  (You've seen variations on it dozens of times  before ... &quot;Frankenstein&quot;, &quot;Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde&quot;,  &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;, etc., etc.)  This time sharks have been evolved  into super-predators, and they're out to get the small band of researchers  who have been experimenting on them.  You know that only one or two people  will survive, of course; what makes this film of possible interest are the  shark effects (which are undeniably incredible), the underwater scenes  (great cinematography), some likable performances, and a few surprises  concerning which characters get killed off and when.  Are these variations  on formula enough to keep you interested?  They were for me, but then  again, I wasn't expecting too much to begin with, and so the film was an  entertaining surprise, a fun little thrill-ride.<br />The DVD transfer is  great, offering a sharp clean picture and crisp sound.  There are a load of  &quot;extras&quot;, including a stills gallery, some deleted sequences, and  two background documentaries about the filming.  If you like the movie,  you'll love all the bonus materials, particularly the behind-the-scenes  footage; if not, the extras won't justify your time.  This is one you may  want to rent before deciding whether or not to purchase.
B00004SCX6|5.0|My son Joseph enjoyed the Hawaiian special so much that he ran to the computer to here &quot;Oops I Did It Again&quot; and wanted to enter the contest for tickets to the LA Concert.   He was in tears when he found out  he was too young to enter.  He will be 8 in July. So I entered for him.   The words are good, the melody is quite catchy and when performed, the song  brought new meaning to the listener.  Five stars to that song and to a  person whose personality ranks 5 stars as well.
B0000024TQ|3.0|The good songs on this album are excellent and some of the best pop songwriting of the past century. But the weak stuff (Save The Life Of My Child, Voices of Old People, Punky's Delima, and At The Zoo) is mediocre.  That said I really like America, Hazy Shade of Winter, and of course  Mrs.Robinson. But, for an album that is barely 30 minutes long, there is  way too much filler. For a better portrait of why Simon and Garfunkel are  so great, check out Bridge Over Troubled Water.
B00004TH83|5.0|This is a great CD for Lara's U.S./English-language entrance.  &quot;I will love again&quot; was an amazing surprise to hear in the clubs, and the rest of the CD lives up to her more traditional style.  Buy this, but  expect her to get even better.<br />Having lived in Montreal for five years,  I've waited for Lara Fabian to be &quot;discovered&quot; by U.S. audiences  for a while.  She has a spectacular voice, far superior to Celine's, and  she comes without the strange attitude and hand motions!
B00003CWOL|4.0|I will admit that I am a Catholic.  A devoted one.  But I must confess:  I thought &quot;Dogma&quot; was hilarious!  It goes against any beliefs Christians have, but you can't help but laugh!  The story gets a bit  confusing, but easy to follow:  two fallen angels decide to end the  world...Then an abortionist, who happens to be a relative of Christ, is  called upon (along with a fowl-mouthed prophet and his silent partner)to  stop them.  Along the way, they run into angels making their living as  strippers, a deadly monster made out of poo, and the two merciless fallen  angels who are executing any sinners they come upon.  Sounds interesting?   It gets better.  But, you'll have to rent the film to find out!
B00000G3PA|5.0|Who else could slingshot around the moon and save the world? Bruce Willis.  Didn't he just save the world in Fifth Element?  How many times can a guy save the world in one lifetime? <br />I fall for this happy ending stuff every  time.  It makes my heart warm like my mom's hot chocolate on a snowfilled  day.  You'll love it, too.
B000002KO3|5.0|In the early 1980's...I played two records...and I owned but two records...this one and the Clash &quot;London Calling&quot; and some 20 years later these two records stand the test of time and are as good if not  better sounding than they were upon their initial release.  This is the  best and most original Talking Heads record...  no doubt. A+++
6303313345|5.0|True Lies is a movie that every action lover should own. It has everything a good movie needs. Action, comedy, suspense, and drama are all packed into one adventure.  From a dring horse-motorcycle chase to saving his wife  Helen (Jamie Lee Curtis) Harry Tasker (Arnold Schwarzenegger)will do  anything to bag the bad guy.
B00000K0EA|3.0|The best way to judge &quot;Tomorrow Never Dies&quot; is by looking at the film's two halves as seperate entities.  The first one is very good, the other is not.  The film starts out great with an interesting plot that is  both tense and intriguing.  There are many good Bondian moments to be found  here, particularly the scene in which 007 (Pierce Brosnan) sips shots of  vodka as he waits for an assassin in his hotel room (which is very  reminiscent of &quot;Dr. No&quot;).  The villain, media mogul Elliott  Carver is also a good one, played with excuisite delight by Jonathan Pryce.   There is also an extrememly inovative car chase in which Bond drives his  vehicle from the backseat, via remote control.  It's nice to know that the  Bond films can still be original.  Unfortunately, all goes up in smoke once  we arrive in Thailand, and the climax on the stealth boat looks like it  fits more comfortably in &quot;Die Hard&quot; than in a James Bond movie.   These films have distinguished themselves because their action scenes,  although numerous, have always been done with style and elegance.  In this  case, those elements seem to have been replaced by sheer body count.   Another of the film's problems is that it spends two much time introducing  Michelle Yeoh as a martial arts expert, thus taking away from Bond himself.   The bike chase that they both share, although elaborately staged, seems  dull at times because by then, the story is chaotic.  On a positive note  however, David Arnold's Barryesque score is terrific, and Vincent  Schiavelli is quite memorable is a trick-shot assassin.  This particular  DVD is excellently designed and includes some nifty features.
055321277X|4.0|Jekyll and Hyde is a good choice if you're looking for a short but absorbing read.  It's fast-paced, suitably creepy, and (fortunately) lacking a lot of the melodrama that suffocates similar works of the time.   The only real drawback is that Jekyll's chapter at the end can be very hard  to read; Stevenson writes this in a lofty, over-cultured style which is not  found in the rest of the book, obviously to reflect Jekyll's  highly-educated mindset.  <br />This book is not only a science-gone-bad yarn  or a psychoanalytical study of human personality, but is something of a  reflection on hypocrisy.  Jekyll is quite bothered at the thought of  revealing any trace of indecency about himself, even more so than the  typical gentleman of his time, and resorts to using Hyde as a release  rather than lose face by submitting to his lustier appetites even just a  little bit as Jekyll.  Of course, this ultimately leads him to ruin.
B0000060NF|5.0|This is one classic that breaks through all the genres, radio formats, music formats... I don't care if it's a scratchy old LP, an 8-track you found up in the attic, a brand new CD, or that second-generation cassette  you wore out on your last road trip. &quot;What's Going On&quot; is  essential listening in any shape or form, though I prefer the CD simply  because it won't wear out (but I'm trying). I feel sorry for anyone who  only knows the two or (if you're lucky) three hits that turn up on the  oldies stations too frequently. Some 15 years after I discovered  &quot;What's Going On&quot;, I'm still fascinated and moved by every note,  every beautiful lyric. &quot;And All He Asks of Us Is We Give Each Other  Love&quot;...words to live by.
0446677450|4.0|this is a very encouraging book.  it explains how humans purchase on emotion which leads to too many liabilies.  i do think that the author is much to repetative in his points...however maybe he is just trying to  &quot;drill them in our heads.&quot;  i bought the book yesterday and have  not been able to put it down.  i think i really like it because my friends  dad is a very similar role model to me as &quot;rich dad&quot; was to the  author.  i really recommend this book.
6305358567|4.0|If you get this video and love the performance by Cate Blanchett, or the clothes, or the beauty of the cinematography you're on the right track.  If you want a really good and brilliant portrayal of the life of Elizabeth I,  get Elizabeth R starring Glenda Jackson.  Because, let's face it, this  story is wildly inaccurate.  It's clear the director wanted to have a  beautiful, young leading lady but liked the skulduggery of Queen  Elizabeth's middle age.  So--he slapped the two together.  The result is a  very muddled account of one of the most fascinating women in history.   Which is a shame, because the real story doesn't need much jazzing up to  make it great.<br />Still, if you like costume dramas and Cate Blanchett you  can't go wrong with this video.  Just don't tell your friends any  &quot;facts&quot; about Elizabeth based on watching it...
0385484518|3.0|This is a touching story that can be read in one afternoon, and with its feel-good tone, easy language, and brief presentation, it comes across like an issue of Reader's Digest.  I can't imagine someone not liking Morrie, or  the lesson learned by the author, but there's not much to the book.  Take  it out from the library- you'll enjoy it, but it isn't something you'll  need to refer to all the time for daily affirmation.
B000031WD9|5.0|It's been a long time since I've seen a movie like this. It's one that I never got round to seeing in the cinema, but watched first on DVD. What a film, I didn't think people could still make movies like this! This is not  your average high school teen flick, done a million times before. This  movie brings new life to a well established format, and is the 90's version  of the classic Porky's series. A modern classic. I guarantee you won't have  laughed this much for a long time. Definitely a movie for any collection!
B00000JQFL|5.0|I love EWF, but if I had to pick one album it would be &quot;Gratitude&quot;, newly remastered by the fine people at Columbia/Legacy. The live performances that make up 75% of the disk are  extraordinary, alive, pulsating... And then there are the &quot;new&quot;  (at the time) studio recordings, all of which rank right up their with the  band's biggest hits. The bonus &quot;Live&quot; medley from a 70's TV  special doesn't add anything to this reissue, but neither does it detract  from one of the finest concert recordings of my lifetime.
B00003CX95|5.0|Makes no sense.  I can't wait to get it, though.  I am pre-ordering my copy today!  BUY this one if you haven't already, Mel Gibson won an Oscar for this and it was no suprise, amazing movie...
061318114X|5.0|This book is an absolute necessity for any person who values education: science or the humanities.  This book should form the basis of a requried course for every collage in the nation.  That is how strongly I value this  work.  His research is overwealming, yet it is readable.  Sending copies to  your anthropologically inclined friends will win points.
B00004SCX6|1.0|what are you people thinking? this is poop pop at its worst.
B00000DQSZ|5.0|This is Kraftwerk's best studio album.The album begins with the long,beautiful Europe Endless.It moves on to the haunting,The Hall of Mirrors which is about the Dark Side of Fame.Next is &quot;Showroom  Dummies&quot;A tune about Dummies coming to life.Next up is the common  title track. The songs music represents a Europeian Train Ride.Metal on  Metal is like a TEE PT.2.Franz S. Is an impressive dectication to the  Legendary early composer.The Last Track is a pretty pointless track  named&quot;Endless Endless&quot;.All in All this is kraftwerks best  album(tied with the mix).
6304479689|4.0|Among the great tunes included here--Red West's &quot;Separate Ways&quot;, &quot;Ready Teddy&quot; (from the Ed Sullivan show), &quot;Lead Me, Guide Me&quot;, &quot;Bosom of Abraham&quot;, &quot;I John&quot;, 'Bridge Over  Troubled Water&quot;, &quot;You Gave Me a Mountain&quot;, and, of course,  the showstopping &quot;American Trilogy&quot;. By this point, Elvis'  touring band--Burton, Tutt, et. al.--were a well-oiled machine. The look of  wonder on Elvis' face as he stands back to let J.D. Sumner and the Stamps  do their number &quot;Sweet, Sweet Spirit&quot; says it all. Incidentally,  I hear they're going to release the soundtrack album soon, some 28 years  after the fact...
B00000J6AG|5.0|I play this CD every day at work.  It helps me to stay relaxed and calm while the phone is ringing off the hook and ten people are asking me to do something at the same time.  Very spiritual.
0767821769|4.0|This movie is a tough one to watch because many of the scenes (especially during the first hour) are riddled with tension -- the kind you feel when you've just confronted someone head-on.  Everyone fights  -- parents,  children, ex-wife and girlfriend, stepmother and children; you almost feel  like you've been inadvertantly caught with a friend when she decides to  have a major argument with a family member  -- makes you want to slip out  of the room until the storm is over.<br />Chris Columbus did a wonderful job  directing this film -- the arguments were uncomfortable, but they were  supposed to be.  Better, there were some poignant moments that really  worked.  STEPMOM is a realistic fable with just a touch of magic to make  the audience happy.<br />The cast was superb -- Julia Roberts and Susan  Sarandon gave great performances, and the kids (not sure of their names)  were both adorable and the biggest brats you've ever seen -- a great  combination.  Ed Harris was curiously absent from the film, showing up in  less than half the scenes.<br />This movie is everything a drama is supposed  to be: funny, moving, difficult, sad.  Chris Columbus captured some  beautiful moments, and some hard ones as well, making the audience better  for the journey.
B000002AS3|5.0|Noel Gallagher, guitarist and part-time singer for Oasis, once claimed that all the lyrics he ever wanted to say were contained on \\"Definitely Maybe's\\" gorgeous lead-off tune, \\"Rock `n' Roll Star.\\" Sounds about right to me. When Noel's brother Liam passionately sings, \\"Tonight I'm a rock and roll star\\" in his cockeyed British accent (well before he actually WAS a big-time rock `n' roll star) you can't do anything but believe him. Oasis have always been an amazing band, and it never again got as fun, hard rocking and downright melodic as what's heard on the band's debut CD from 1994. With non-invasive percussion work, fat guitar rhythms, guitar solos that are somehow classy, great singing and electric tunes that would translate perfectly to acoustic, Oasis were every bit as catchy as The Beatles from the very beginning -- and appropriately harder-edged.     Much of this album contains genuine and well-deserved swagger. The groovin' \\"Shakermaker,\\" for instance, always kind of reminded me of a Rolling Stones song on steroids. The first big hit for Oasis, \\"Live Forever,\\" is a sublime and sentimental pop song that recalls the vocal work of The Monkees. Simultaneously, the song hearkened the future with a sense of iconic optimism, but there was also a sense of sad caution in the lyrics, which proved Noel Gallagher was deep enough to know that life offered more than just being the heralded rock star he so desired.     The beautifully squealing guitar riff on \\"Supersonic\\" is how I first discovered Oasis, and I knew the band was something special from the start. Chock full of goofy lyrics and great rhythm guitar work as well, \\"Supersonic\\" was a great choice for a single. In actuality, all these songs could have been hot radio singles: most bands would kill to write a song as perfect as \\"Up in the Sky,\\" for example. On the more rough-n-ready side of things, \\"Columbia\\" boasts a great rhythm section that is almost dance-y; the ending of the song is an absolute wall of sound that will shake the walls. Play this tune LOUD within the confines of your car on a summer day -- windows rolled down area a must. \\"Bring it on Down\\" and the classic \\"Cigarettes and Alcohol\\" are equally in-your-face and gritty, and the vibe of those songs display Oasis in the throes of complete rock `n' roll abandon.    In short, this CD is flawless. From the above-the-clouds melody of \\"Live Forever\\" to the confident bluster of the album's middle portion to the epic sound of the beautiful \\"Slide Away\\" and the plainspoken humor on \\"Married With Children,\\" Oasis wrote a classic album in \\"Definitely Maybe.\\" Music like this doesn't come along often, and it will be a while before another British five-piece like Oasis storms the States again.
B000002H3E|5.0|This Cd Kicks Ass everySong from UnChain The Night Too It,s Not Love is Awesome. My Favorite Songs are 1 It,s Not Love 2 UnChain The Night 3 The Hunter 4 In My Dreams 5 Till The Livin End. Kick Ass Eighties Style Metal.  Me being a LongTime DOKKEN I,d Say buy this Cd It,s Awesome. Don,s Vocals  are Awesome George,s Guitar Riff,s Rule Jeff Bass and Wild Mick,s Drum  Beat,s are Awesome. When you see this Cd Buy It.                DOKKEN  FOREVER DOKKEN RULEZ
B00004T9UF|5.0|This is the tightest CD that I have ever purchased.  If you do not own this album at the time you read this, pick it up now.  If you are a fan of clever lyrics and masterful beats, then you will love this CD.  If you do  not like this CD, then you are not a fan of rap.
B00003CXAR|5.0|Living near the beach made&quot;JAWS&quot;a must see.That was 25 yrs.ago,lasting impact,I've been fascinated and obssesed with the Great White ever since.Havn't ever had the desire to go&quot;into&quot; the ocean  in 25 yrs! Exellent portrail of what &quot;could&quot;happen !
B00000AFGM|1.0|Manson is definately a sell-out...and look at him..very  disturbed...&quot;Rock is dead&quot; is like the only good song the rest is  junk. If u want some good Industrial go for the band that made industrial  itself happen..get NIN...I still dunno wuts with Reznor for signing this  Manson guy...
B000003TA4|5.0|Is there a more perfect CD than Nirvana's \\"Nevermind\\"? From start to finish it never once falters; all the songs are shiny and excellent. Chris Novoselic, the group's bass guitarist, once said that an album like \\"Nevermind\\" could have been released in the 1970s, `80s or `90s, making the astute point that its timeless sound transcends decades. I think he's right, for the most part, but I love the fact that this CD came out at an influential time in my life (college), and at a time when many people who payed attention to such things were ready for an exciting, brand-new sound.<br /><br />Personally, I didn't immediately latch on to the first single from \\"Nevermind,\\" \\"Smells Like Teen Spirit,\\" and to this day it remains my least favorite tune on the album. Be that as it may, it was harder for others to ignore Kurt Cobain's obvious anguish within the song, which comes through via pained screaming, crashing cymbals by drummer Dave Grohl and a tone of wonderment during the softer moments. From there, \\"Nevermind\\" breezes along like the best punk-pop-rock CD you've ever heard, each song ultra-catchy and excruciatingly sing-along-ish. The hefty production work by Butch Vig, which Cobain later panned in a major way, lends an extra beefed-up sheen to the crunchy guitar chords, Ghrol's frantic, hard drumming and Cobain's dynamic vocals.<br /><br />The highlights on this album? There's too many to mention, but here's a stab at it: \\"In Bloom\\" is as endearingly catchy as it gets, designed specifically for the type of person Cobain despised who \\"likes all the pretty songs...but don't know what it means\\"; \\"Come as You Are\\" is softer and more subtle-sounding, a well-known tune that still gets radio airplay and likely always will; \\"Breed,\\" \\"Lithium,\\" \\"Territorial Pissings\\" and \\"Stay Away\\" are aggressively loud with in-your-face choruses, powerful drumming and run-but-you-can't-hide guitar riffs that made Nirvana famous; \\"Lounge Act\\" and \\"On a Plain\\"are a bit more mid-tempo but easily as thrilling; and on the softer side of things, the tragic realms of \\"Polly\\" and \\"Something in the Way\\" could break your heart with their acoustic sincerity and lowdown worlds. Finally, for those who like to hang around to the bitter end, don't miss the tacked-on but severely explosive \\"Endless Nameless,\\" which clocks in at thirteen minutes, 51 seconds at the very end of the CD. \\"Hidden tracks\\" on a CD were a new concept and tactic to me (and likely many others) back in the early '90s, and who better to introduce such a sly maneuver than Cobain, who comes off as a mad, guitar-loving scientist doing his thing with abandon on the high-energy, unfocused song.<br /><br />Perhaps, like many, I've played this CD to death, thus diminishing some of its original luster, no different than those dusky Led Zeppelin albums that no longer got played in my CD collection and were eventually sold off. But, make no mistake, I will never get rid of this album. Every once in a great while a rock `n' roll record comes out that changes the worlds of those that follow such stuff. For me, such albums included [[ASIN:B000EQ47GS Boston [Digipak]]], [[ASIN:B000001F2V Pyromania]], [[ASIN:B000000OQF Appetite for Destruction]] and certainly this one. Who knows if a life-changing band like Nirvana will ever roam the earth again, but at least we've got \\"Nevermind\\" to prove that these dinosaurs once roamed with unrestrained -- and at times controversial -- energy and wildly played talent.rilling; and on the softer side of things, the tragic realms of \\"Polly\\" and \\"Something in the Way\\" could break your heart with their acoustic sincerity and lowdown worlds. Finally, for those who like to hang around to the bitter end, don't miss the tacked-on but severely explosive \\"Endless Nameless,\\" which clocks in at thirteen minutes, 51 seconds at the very end of the CD. \\"Hidden tracks\\" on a CD were a new concept and tactic to me (and likely many others) back in the early '90s, and who better to introduce such a sly maneuver than Cobain, who comes off as a mad, guitar-loving scientist doing his thing with abandon on the high-energy, unfocused song.                Perhaps, like many, I've played this CD to death, thus diminishing some of its original luster, no different than those dusky Led Zeppelin albums that no longer got played in my CD collection and were eventually sold off. But, make no mistake, I will never get rid of this album. Every once in a great while a rock `n' roll record comes out that changes the worlds of those that follow such stuff. For me, such albums included [[ASIN:B000EQ47GS Boston [Digipak]]], [[ASIN:B000001F2V Pyromania]], [[ASIN:B000000OQF Appetite for Destruction]] and certainly this one. Who knows if a life-changing band like Nirvana will ever roam the earth again, but at least we've got \\"Nevermind\\" to prove that these dinosaurs once roamed with unrestrained -- and at times controversial -- energy and wildly played talent.
0316777722|5.0|This is one of the funniest books I've ever read.  Some of the author's observations ring so true that it's uncanny - many of his anecdotes are similar to experiences I've had.  Best of all, I think, is &quot;Jesus  Shaves.&quot;
B00001ZWTS|2.0|My expectations were not high when I hired this movie (I declined to see it on the big screen), but I was disappointed nevertheless. The beginning was very slow, and had I not paid $5 I would have stopped it then. It  improved slightly as the film progressed, I almost enjoyed it at one point,  but not for long enough. It was a very poor idea, and even the best of  actors could not have made this one great.
6305399212|5.0|To call 'Aliens' just a great sequel would be a grave injustice.  This film despite being so action packed that you can hardly catch your breath is a great social statement about the value, toughness, and leadership  potential of women.  <br />Ripley (Sigourney Weaver) is a rather reluctant  heroine.  Emotionally scarred from her initial encounter with the Alien  species she agrees to accompany a team of space Marines (ooooohrah!) to a  remote station far off in the galaxy which has been overun with that same  alien species.  Now Ripley's only there as an advisor of course but when  the ---- hits the fan the true leader emerges.<br />But even despite that take  no prisoners attitude she displays perhaps her strongest character trait of  all, that natural maternal instinct for an orphaned little girl.  Not only  is she (Ripley) the toughest and wisest but she hasn't lost that which  makes her truly a woman.<br />The story has much to say about how wrong our  assumptions can be with regard to creatures that we consider inferior to  ourselves.  There's a great lesson to be learned from that.<br />OK.  Let's  forget about philosophy, feminism and lessons and just talk about an  adrenaline filled heart pumpin' blood drippin' gore fest.  Because at it's  best it's one of the great action flicks.  Just non stop.<br />James Cameron  does a remarkable job of creating an environment which seems remote, eerily  foreboding, and frightening.<br />Bill Paxton is the perfect back talking,  wise --- jarhead.<br />A CLASSIC MUST SEE FILM!
B000002BBY|5.0|Placed between the lighter-hearted rock 'n' roll party of [[ASIN:B000002AS3 Definitely Maybe]] and mostly foregoing the blustery wall-of-sound heard on the excellent [[ASIN:B000002C25 Be Here Now]], \\"(What's the Story) Morning Glory?\\" is a \\"dignified\\"-sounding, special CD that really defines Oasis. Toward the end of the album, the songs flow beautifully from one to the next, giving it an almost conceptual feel without an actual concept. By the time the beautifully champagne-sodden \\"Champagne Supernova\\" hits at the end of the CD, you can't help but feel like life is just one great big party in the sky for all to enjoy. Undoubtedly, Oasis was in its heyday at this point, clicking on all cylinders and feeling bold. Why not write a tune like \\"Champagne Supernova?\\"<br /><br />Surprisingly, though, the first three songs on \\"What's the Story\\" felt a bit generic to me when I first heard them, lacking the melody-laden punch that encompassed every nook and cranny of the band's debut record. I remember thinking that perhaps Oasis would never top itself after such a stellar first CD. \\"Hello\\" and \\"Roll With It\\" came off as a bit bland, and \\"Wonderwall\\" -- the band's biggest-ever hit -- was a boring prom song with somewhat overly cloying vocals by Liam Gallagher. Since the mid-1990s, however, I've adjusted to these aforementioned tunes and respect them. What's more impressive, though, is the beauty in the simplistic repetitiveness of catchy, rugged songs like \\"Hey Now\\" and \\"Some Might Say.\\" Two untitled tunes on the \\"What's the Story,\\" which include snippets of the hearty \\"Swamp Song\\" instrumental, a B-side song, give the album a connecting, conceptional feel. Chief songwriter Noel Gallagher, meanwhile, contributes his formidable vocals on the somehow ennobling tunes \\"Don't Look Back in Anger\\" and \\"Cast No Shadow,\\" giving \\"What's the Story\\" even more memorable character.<br /><br />On the lighter side of things, the bouncy \\"She's Electric\\" features bubbly, humorous lyrics that precede the much more sinister title track, a tune supposedly about the joys of cocaine addiction: \\"All your dreams are made/When you're chained to the mirror and the razor blade.\\" Notably, the squealing guitar licks that leads off \\"Morning Glory\\" seem to indicate darker lyrics ahead, and Liam's voice on the song contains extra juice to get his point across. In typical over-the-top Oasis fashion, the title track boasts an addictively repetitive chorus and searing guitar work. Truly, it's one of the band's finest tunes ever, which is saying a lot. Partly in strung-out hangover mode while also showing signs of climbing out, \\"Morning Glory\\" captures Oasis in both its thinking-man and debauchery-laden craziness of the `90s.<br /><br />Like Oasis's first CD, \\"What's the Story\\" is just one big hit machine ready for human consumption. Noel's beefy guitar licks on tunes like \\"Some Might Say\\" and \\"Morning Glory\\" were custom made for jukeboxes all over the world, while softer songs like \\"Cast No Shadow\\" will appeal to the more sensitively inclined. Like Def Leppard and Van Halen before them, Oasis were, at one time, \\"everyone's band,\\" a group that behaved wildly and were beloved by millions who were \\"mad fer it.\\"ch more sinister title track, a tune supposedly about the joys of cocaine addiction: \\"All your dreams are made/When you're chained to the mirror and the razor blade.\\" Notably, the squealing guitar licks that leads off \\"Morning Glory\\" seem to indicate darker lyrics ahead, and Liam's voice on the song contains extra juice to get his point across. In typical over-the-top Oasis fashion, the title track boasts an addictively repetitive chorus and searing guitar work. Truly, it's one of the band's finest tunes ever, which is saying a lot. Partly in strung-out hangover mode while also showing signs of climbing out, \\"Morning Glory\\" captures Oasis in both its thinking-man and debauchery-laden craziness of the `90s.          Like Oasis's first CD, \\"What's the Story\\" is just one big hit machine ready for human consumption. Noel's beefy guitar licks on tunes like \\"Some Might Say\\" and \\"Morning Glory\\" were custom made for jukeboxes all over the world, while softer songs like \\"Cast No Shadow\\" will appeal to the more sensitively inclined. Like Def Leppard and Van Halen before them, Oasis were, at one time, \\"everyone's band,\\" a group that behaved wildly and were beloved by millions who were \\"mad fer it.\\"
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is what a DVD should be like. This disk is a beautiful work of art. Two disks, one with the main feature and the other with bonus materials. The bonus disk is extensive. Multiple angles, multiple audio tracks and  many making-of features. The main disk is in Dolby Digital 5.1, and the  sound is great, thanks to the THX enhancments. This disk is also a  groundbreaker by adding in the THX calibration tests. Great idea. The only  other option that I would want is a DTS edition or a THX EX track with the  TEX THX opening. Other than that it is great.
0375707972|2.0|I am puzzled by this book. The characters are cold and unyielding. The prose is spare and lucid, though many parts read like the narrator's soul-less observation or statement of facts without revealing or even  hinting at his pain and troubles. What is about the war and Hannah in his  childhood that made him the unfeeling and unloved adult? The Holocaust  forms the background for much of the novel and Schlink does suggest the  hidden psychological impact of the atrocities but if his intention is to  tickle without eliciting any giggles then he has succeeded.
B000002UZ6|5.0|This is my favorite album of Tina Turner's  music, and captures the spirit and feel of her dynamic concert tour.
0440234743|2.0|This novel contains an exhaustive description of the Panatal region in South America, yet John Grisham refers to a woman in the story being born in an igloo in Newfoundland, Canada.  How can Grisham know so much about  one area of the world, and so little about another?  Try doing some just  basic research on your friendly neighbors to the North, John.  You may just  find we live in a modern society, and that igloo's are what American's only  think Canadian's live in.
0380973464|4.0|I've read all of Neal's &quot;Major&quot; books ('cept for that first one that's out of print now), and I rank this one right behind SnowCrash.<br />His writing style is great for the most part, but he tends to drone on in a  couple parts and I found myself rushing to get through a few of these  pages, which I hate to do because I'm reading the book to read it and not  skim it, but the occurance of that was little enough so that it didn't  detract from the entire enjoyment I got out of reading it. <br />If you read  SnowCrash and liked it, you should like this one. If you liked Zodiac, then  you will definitely like this one, it's along the same Techno-thriller  lines, with some WWII combat action to boot. If you liked The Diamond Age,  then you might also enjoy this book.<br />One thing I did find myself doing a  lot in this book is laughing out loud... some of the mini-scenerios (eating  hash to make you want to kill people? ) are just whacked and funny.<br />It  would have been a 5 but I had to rush through some pages...
B00004T9UF|5.0|I just bought this and I thought I was going to be disappointed. Suprise. This album is more complicated and showcases more layers than the Slim Shady album. The production on this album is tighter, the beats are better  and Eminem's flows are a lot smoother. I can't finger any standout songs  since the entire album is great. &quot;Stan&quot; is definitely a beautiful  piece of work with a melodic bassline and nice female chorus from Dido.  Truly symphonic and orchestral. &quot;Kim&quot; is also great in its  complexity. Overall, the tone on this album is a lot more serious than on  Slim Shady. He'd definitely matured. It's as if Eminem and Dre knew they  raised the bar with Slim Shady and went into Marshall Mathers with a  determination to blow that out of the water. They succeeded.
B000002J03|2.0|I must say that I don't understand how you reviewers can describe this album as &quot;thunderous&quot;.When I first heard Whole Lotta Love I thought to myself &quot; it sounds like he's playing a toy guitar, a  plastic guitar&quot;. I honestly thought it was a quiet intro before the  real hard song began.The reviewer who said that no albums rocks quite as  hard as this one must have a very small record collection. However before  you Led Zeppelin fans damn my soul to the fiery pits of hell, I have to say  that I do quite like this album because the toy guitar sound and cute songs  like Thank you and What Is And what Should Never Be bring back some lovely  childhood memories of being taking to Santa's Magic Grotto and seeing the  elfs,the first time I saw Bambi in the theatre with my parents , and  the  nice birthday cake I got for my fourth birhday( it had a lovely little pink  sugar mouse on it)
B00000K19E|4.0|While I had problems with parts of this film's message, my ranking is based on its effectiveness as an action-packed marvel of surreal computer generated special effects. This dark science fiction story deals with the illusory nature of reality, the enslavement of the human mind (by institutions of religion, education, the media and the government) and the question of whether it is better to sleep through life in blissful ignorance of the forces that control it or deliberately expose yourself to some pretty awful truths in order to fight against those forces (or as someone else once put it, whether it is better to die on your feet or live on your knees). It was refreshing to see some of these issues raised in a major motion picture (even if they were dressed up in some fantastic trappings) and on a superficial level, the film had a great sense of style.<br /><br />My problems with it were mostly threefold:<br /><br />First, like all action-oriented films (and almost all films, for that matter), the hero was a man. In the first five minutes of the movie, the main female character, Trinity (played by Carrie-Anne Moss), masterfully demonstrates that she can handle herself every bit as effectively as Keanu Reeves' character, Neo, the official \\"chosen one\\" she later recruits to her cause. I don't see any reason (at least not a good one) why she could not have been the star (this alone would have set the movie apart from the rest of the pack and made it a much more interesting film).<br /><br />Second, the \\"reality\\" presented in this movie is so dismal and horrific that I see no real reason to choose the path of enlightened rebellion taken by its heroes. While there are plenty of opportunities for people in our world to fight \\"the system\\" and bring about meaningful change, the situation in this movie seems literally hopeless. I couldn't blame anyone for choosing to remain \\"asleep\\" under these conditions (although one unsavory character sinks to reprehensible depths in order to forget the terrible truths he has learned).<br /><br />Lastly, according to this movie, the best way to subvert the dominant paradigm is through superior firepower and fisticuffs. I can certainly enjoy watching movie characters display their skill with guns (Chow Yung Fat in [[ASIN:B000ELL1SA The Replacement Killers]]) or martial arts (Jackie Chan in [[ASIN:1558908269 anything]]), but the excessive amount of blood spilled by the heroes reminded me of African-American poet Audre Lourde's observation, \\"The Master's tools will never dismantle the Master's house.\\" When it comes to the sort of totalitarian oppression depicted in this movie, fighting fire with fire only leads to more innocent people getting burned. Of course, the movie tries to address this by claiming that no one is innocent (i.e.: \\"if you're not part of the solution you're part of the problem\\"). While I can agree with that to a point, it didn't make me feel any less sorry for the dozens of cops and security guards who get slaughtered just for \\"doing their job\\" (which, as far as they are concerned, is to stop a bunch of gun-wielding maniacs). The premise behind the movie would provide Keanu's character and his cohorts with a variety of more creative and less violent ways to deal with the forces they encounter, but the writers stick to the cliched method of conflict resolution so often employed in movies (and real life): \\"shoot them all and let God sort them out.\\"<br /><br />If the movie intrigues you, you might enjoy a much more sophisticated story about a band of radical freedom fighters battling the powers of conformity and control. Many of the elements of The Matrix bare a striking similarity to The Invisibles, a comic book series written by Grant Morrison and published by the Vertigo line of DC Comics (although The Invisibles has frequent scenes of graphic violence even more intense and disturbing than The Matrix, it also does something that no action film ever does; examines the emotional consequences--for both the killers and the friends and family of their victims--of the \\"good guys\\" indiscriminately butchering the \\"bad guys\\"). Morrison's entire Invisibles saga has been colected in seven trade paperbacks: [[ASIN:1563892677 Say You Want a Revolution (Book 1)]], [[ASIN:1563897024 Apocalipstick (Book 2)]], [[ASIN:1563897288 Entropy in the UK (Book 3)]], [[ASIN:1563894440 Bloody Hell in America (Book 4)]], [[ASIN:1563894890 Counting to None (Book 5)]], [[ASIN:1563896001 Kissing Mister Quimper (Book 6)]], and [[ASIN:1401200192 The Invisible Kingdom (Book 7)]]. Also, if you want to explore some of the real world control systems alluded to in the movie, along with some practical suggestions on how to challenge them (at least more practical than shooting a bunch of people), you should check out [[ASIN:1568382081 The Paradigm Conspiracy: Why Our Social Systems Violate Human Potential -- And How We Can Change Them]] by Denise Breton and Christopher Largent.riends and family of their victims--of the \\"good guys\\" indiscriminately butchering the \\"bad guys\\"). Morrison's entire Invisibles saga has been colected in seven trade paperbacks: [[ASIN:1563892677 Say You Want a Revolution (Book 1)]], [[ASIN:1563897024 Apocalipstick (Book 2)]], [[ASIN:1563897288 Entropy in the UK (Book 3)]], [[ASIN:1563894440 Bloody Hell in America (Book 4)]], [[ASIN:1563894890 Counting to None (Book 5)]], [[ASIN:1563896001 Kissing Mister Quimper (Book 6)]], and [[ASIN:1401200192 The Invisible Kingdom (Book 7)]]. Also, if you want to explore some of the real world control systems alluded to in the movie, along with some practical suggestions on how to challenge them (at least more practical than shooting a bunch of people), you should check out [[ASIN:1568382081 The Paradigm Conspiracy: Why Our Social Systems Violate Human Potential -- And How We Can Change Them]] by Denise Breton and Christopher Largent.
B000002UB3|5.0|Abbey Road is a masterpiece from a band that produced a lot of them.  It's so hard to rate albums in terms of achievement - particularly when the Beatles have a monument such as the White Album among their triumphs - but  Abbey Road is a wonderful, whimsical album, with great, infectious songs  that are both silly and spectacular at the same time (is there any catchier  tune than Ob La Di, Ob La Da? ).  The Beatles traveled far from their  initial 'poppy' songs, through Sgt. Pepper and the White Album and as they  did so, they dropped utter gems along the way, and Abbey Road stands out as  one of the best of their albums.  Every time I put it on, I remember what  made the Beatles as a group and as individual songwriters so great - and  fun.  No Beatles collection - however small - would do the band justice if  it did not include Abbey Road.  Any album cover that inspires that many  imitations is covering something special....
B00004T9UF|5.0|Like a lot of fans of the &quot;true&quot; hip-hop, I slept on the first album, thinking Eminem was a gimmicky rapper that only got play because he was white.  But the skills he showed on &quot;Forgot About Dre&quot;  convinced me to pick up the new LP, and I'm glad I did.  &quot;The Real  Slim Shady&quot; is really the only radio-friendly cut on the album, and  most of the rest of it is lyrically tight and, even more importantly,  honest and expressive.  Not only does Slim drop uncensored opinions, he  reveals alot of his own personality.  The best cut is &quot;Stan,&quot;  where Eminem drops an ironic tale of an obsessed fan over a smoothed-out  beat.  Using letters was really original and creative.  Listening to Slim  rant about his ex-girlfriend, boy/girl bands and the MTV that made him can  get a little tiresome, but its still nice to hear a rapper talk about  something other than the girls and the Mercedes he rented for the video.   Eminem will probably never become the &quot;legitimate&quot; hip-hop artist  he desperately wants to become, because it will be almost impossible to  live down the image of the &quot;Great White Hope,&quot; but he has the  lyrics and the originality to at least carve out his own little niche.
B00003CX95|5.0|It's too bad Gibson isn't producing and/or directing anymore films, just acting in them. He did a terrific job! But then again, if he did it a second time and failed, the critics woulda panhandled him.<br />The movie was  terrific! Not historically accurate, but so what? Does it detract from the  pure drama? Not a chance. The story is so archetypical and such an epic,  it's hard to beat it down. In fact, it should be a crime to beat it down.  Every culture has a hero like Wallace, whether based on myth or truth. A  commoner rising up against tyranny, in defense of his own  &quot;people&quot;, fighting for freedom, justice, and maybe for love, for  a god...something. Scots had Wallace, the English had Robin Hood. The  Chinese has Mulan, and on and on. What a terrific movie!
B000002LBH|5.0|This is the Smiths album I would give a friend if they wanted to know what the Smiths sounded like. There are 24 amazing tracks on here full of the MOZ wit and the MARR guitar sound. This album reads almost like a greatest  hits series. I can't think of one song on here that lacks that Wilde wit  and bittersweet feeling that Moz delivers in his songs. I must admit my  favorite tracks here are &quot;Half a Person&quot;, &quot;This Night Has  Opened My Eyes&quot;, &quot;Heaven Knows Im Miserable Now&quot;, and the  always fun &quot;ASK&quot;. This album makes me want to pull my black  turtle neck out of the closet and go spend the afternoon in the park  sketching or having a pic-nic with a close friend who can recite Shelly and  Poe. If you know the Smiths, you know what I mean. If you don't know the  Smiths, here's your chance!
B000000W5L|5.0|For those who only know the Stones through their more recent efforts and tours, it might come as a great surprise that the Stones are responsible for one of the greatest - if not THE greatest - rock and roll albums of all  time.  Exile is a masterpiece, pure and simple.  The Stones prove beyond a  doubt that they are musicians and songwriters and incredibly talented;  whatever they have done since or before Exile is, basically, insignificant  in the face of this achievement.  The heavy influence of soul and blues on  the Stones permeates all of the songs on this album, and is part of what  makes it so eternally interesting.  Having had my first introduction to the  Stones through Hot Rocks - which certainly has many great rock anthems - it  was Exile that made me respect them as a musical group.  Sure, they have  other great albums and songs, but Exile is definitely something special.   For anyone who even remotely likes the Stones or would like a piece of rock  and roll history, Exile is for you.  I'm pretty sure it could make a Stones  fan out of anyone.
0782008372|5.0|This review is of the DVD itself not the film.  Many on this page say the DVD edition is of poor quality.  I greatly disagree. I currently own 193 DVDs.  This one is one of the best performing DVDs in picture quality and  sound quality.  If you dont want to buy this DVD then get the laserdisc.   Never settle for VHS unless the film HAS NOT OR WILL NOT BE RELEASED ON DVD  IN THE NEAR FUTURE.  VHS is of poor quality and costs more that it should  cost.  As far as I'm concerned all VHS films should be priced under $10.   It is a waste to spend money on a VHS edition of this film.  Buy this DVD  while its cheap and you will enjoy it as I have.  The sound is amazing and  loud and enjoyable.  The picture is astoundingly clear mostly due to the  THX digitally remastered transfer.  Buy this DVD now or dont buy the film  at all if you dont have a laserdisc player.
B00004TH6O|4.0|who decided grunge should be renamed &quot;stoner rock&quot;?  whatever, it rocks even if you aren't a stoner.  and if you were actually around in the seventies and not listening to disco or punk, it just might bring back  some memories (but not the short term ones)
0425107469|5.0|Watchers is by far Dean Koontz's best novel! I could not put this book down! If you like Dean Koontz you will love this book! That's why it's simply the best!
0141301066|5.0|It`s an outstanding book.  I would of given it 100 stars,but it can only go up to 5 stars.  Aithough Matilda is young she is very smart.  I read this book in a Book Club.  this book is very funny.  When I read this book,I figured out that Matilda has special powers.  I wonder why the  parents of Mailda are so mean to a daghter that has special powers and is  very smart.I think that people will enjoy this book when they read it.
B00000K0DT|1.0|A nearly total bore.  How can anyone speak of a surprise ending?  It should be painfully obvious to anyone with sense enough to devote even a moment's thought to the story.  That people are actually astonished by the  alleged 'complexity' of this film is a testament to the way audiences have  been dumbed down by years and years of mindless drivel.  For real  complexity, see Scorsese's Raging Bull, or Coppola's Godfather films.  The  Usual Suspects is like Tinkertoys compared with those works of art.
B00004T8RK|5.0|This album, like the previous two studio releases, required some listening to before I began to really appreciate it.  At first listen, I was less than impressed...borderline disappointed; but I refused to turn it off.  I  listened to it again, and again, and again, and...you get the picture.   Now, it is my favorite album of all (I still can't turn it off,  though).<br />Pearl Jam cannot be critiqued through the rosey glasses of  today's bubble-gum pop music, because it outdates it (not to mention  out-performs it).  When the so called &quot;big names&quot; of today have  faded into obscurity, Pearl Jam will still be making music that is both  challenging and enjoyable.  <br />Buy Binaural! You won't be disappointed, if  you give it a chance.
B0000063XU|4.0|THIS MOVIE REMINDS ME OF THE GAME BATTLETECH ,GIANT ROBOTS FIGHTING EACH OTHER.
B00000J7J4|4.0|This veteran Latino rocker just busted the former King of Pop'srecords recently, as &quot;Supernatural&quot; surpassed MichaelJackson's Grammy record for a single year (it won nine, NOT eight), and international sales of the album amassed 50 million plus! Sorry, Mike, and those of you who gave this album less than three stars or who don't own this album obviously are missing out big time on the wonderful bonuses &quot;Supernatural&quot; has to offer.  Well, the first seven songs are a knockout. Those songs were played on a Fox concert over a week ago. Carlos Santana has been along around the same time that Mike was, but man, can he play the guitar! And &quot;The Love of My Life,&quot; &quot;Put Your Lights On,&quot; &quot;Smooth,&quot; and &quot;Maria Maria&quot; are masterpieces. (The Product G&amp;B sang the latter of these.)  Personally, I'm glad to have seen sexy Santana knock Wacko Jacko off his throne once and for all.
B00004T8RK|5.0|Another impressive album.  This is a line up of more original songs by a band that will be considered classic.  Once again, the band puts together cool riffs to poetic lyrics.  Unlike the other albums, I've noticed this  one to have more lyrics by other band members (in addition to Vedder, of  course).  <br />&quot;Sleight of Hand&quot; is a favorite cut, along with  several others.  This album has and will be listened to for hours.  Their  music sets a mood that is hard to match.  Their ever-ending unique style  never wears out.<br />Although this album is of the same magnitude of  &quot;Ten&quot;, &quot;Versus&quot;, and &quot;Yield&quot;, it is unique.   I highly recommend.
B0000062FL|5.0|This is the most famous album made by one of the guitar gods, Carlos Santana.  This has soothing instrumentals, and hard rockers.  It is the greatest mix of music possible.  Blues, jazz, latin, and hard rock.  <br />  This is also the album with some of Santanas most unforgetable work ever.   Black Magic Woman ring a bell?  How about Oye Como Va?  This is the album  that sold way back then, and it still sounds great.<br /> The instrumentals  are also great.  Singing Winds, Crying Beasts is one great track.  Also  Samba Pa Ti is one of the most beautiful guitar solos I have ever heard.<br />  The variety on this recording makes it impossible for anyone not to like  it.  It is amazing when you look at the different styles it is presented  in.  You should really check this album out.  Is this Santana's best?  I  don't know.  It really rocks, thats for certain!
B00004T8RK|5.0|Another impressive album.  This is a line up of more original songs by a band that will be considered classic.  Once again, the band puts together cool riffs to poetic lyrics.  Unlike the other albums, I've noticed this  one to have more lyrics by other band members (in addition to Vedder, of  course).  <br />&quot;Sleight of Hand&quot; is a favorite cut, along with  several others.  This album has and will be listened to for hours.  Their  music sets a mood that is hard to match.  Their ever-ending unique style  never wears out.<br />Although this album is of the same magnitude of  &quot;Ten&quot;, &quot;Versus&quot;, and &quot;Yield&quot;, it is unique.   I highly recommend.
B000001F76|5.0|I'm into rock and roll and jazz and am not much of a country music fan, but Hank Williams is different. My Grandfather (91 years old now) first introduced me to Hank and told me how great he was.  Papa was right.  Hank  transcends genre (like Johnny Cash) and is an American classic.  This is  such a wonderful CD collection and provides lots of listening pleasure.   The title -- 40 greatest hits -- may seem incredible, but it is true.   Every song is great and many are timeless.  That's why I would recommend  this over the &quot;20 greatest hits&quot; album.  None of these are  &quot;throw-aways.&quot; These songs are funny, sad, lonesome, and joyful,  and all are rooted in an early to mid-20th century American rural and  working class experience which, in many respects, is lost today (though the  songs themselves, like most great art, are about the human experience and  transcend their original context).  Do yourself a favor here and get an  important piece of American cultural and social history as well as a great  set of songs.
B00004T8RK|5.0|Another impressive album.  This is a line up of more original songs by a band that will be considered classic.  Once again, the band puts together cool riffs to poetic lyrics.  Unlike the other albums, I've noticed this  one to have more lyrics by other band members (in addition to Vedder, of  course).  <br />&quot;Sleight of Hand&quot; is a favorite cut, along with  several others.  This album has and will be listened to for hours.  Their  music sets a mood that is hard to match.  Their ever-ending unique style  never wears out.<br />Although this album is of the same magnitude of  &quot;Ten&quot;, &quot;Versus&quot;, and &quot;Yield&quot;, it is unique.   I highly recommend.
B000002OR4|5.0|The images, superbly directed by Spielberg, are brilliantly supported by one of John Williams' most evocative scores.  With the the unsurpassed violin skills of Itzhak Perlman, the music is monumentally performed.<br />I  cannot add any more to that which has been previously reviewed.  I just  wanted to be among those who praise this work.<br />There has been only one  other score that has moved me to tears, and it was also composed by  Williams: the finale to &quot;E.T., the Extra-Terrestrial.&quot;
0451167716|5.0|Mario Puzo's The Godfather is one of the greatest novels I have ever read. The story of a &quot;benevolent king&quot; who hands his &quot;kingdom&quot; over to his youngest son, is truly a classic. This is a  novel that can be viewed from the story of the mafia at it's height, a  fast-paced action story that will leave you entertained. Or it can be  viewed from the perspective of a tale of power, and it's ability to change  people. No matter your view, when you finish reading it, you'll grow to  like the &quot;bad guy's&quot;. It shows that even criminals are as human  as the rest of us.
0060920084|3.0|America is a strange place. In one oversized country it is possible to find both the best and the worst imaginable of people, places, and things. Mr. Bryson's quest to develop an entire and coherent picture is a daunting  one, filled with both humor and pathos. In the end, his report from the  road is one of mixed feelings. He finds humor in the irony and incongruity  of America, yet at the same time he laments the disappearance of the  America he once knew or at least believed to exist. <br />Certainly, this is  not the rollicking tale of humor interspersed with serious observations  that was found in A Walk in the Woods or Notes from a Small Island. The  Lost Continent is more somber. It is not devoid of humor, quite the  opposite. Mr. Bryson is able to elicit a good laugh from the reader in some  of the most serious passages. It is simply that between reflections on his  father and the lost world of his childhood, and the state of present day  America and all we have lost over the past twenty years, the reader is left  with a book far more serious than they may have expected. <br />To say that  this is not Mr. Bryson's best work would be somewhat neglectful of the fact  that it contains many laudable and well formed critiques of a variety of  topics, from hospital care to the interstate system. Perhaps we too hastily  seek to put Mr. Bryson into that cadre of writers of domestic and  pedestrian humor; to expect from his work the same thing we expect of, say,  Mr. Dave Barry. This is a disservice to Mr. Bryson. He is an intelligent  and reflective writer. His humor is never without cause and he rejoices in  lampooning the ridiculous wherever he observes it. In sum, he is not easily  put into a box.<br />As with all of Mr. Bryson's works, save I'm a Stranger  Here Myself (the painfully Americanized version of his vastly superior  English edition titled Notes from a Big Country), The Lost Continent is  recommended. However, the reader should be in the spirit to bothlaugh and  ponder his way through the book. It is more complex that it seems or than  it is advertised by the publisher. Read it with the expectation that you  will not be entertained without paying for it with a few moments of pause  and contemplation.
0451191153|1.0|Like all the rest of Rand's fiction, &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; clonks along like a 1956 Chevy pickup with flat tires on a dirt road.  It exhibits as much literary grace as a hippopotamus on waterskis, splashing didactic  Objectivism in its wake and nearly drowning laughing observers in waves of  pedantry.<br />I first read this book at age 15 and at the time it certainly  seemed brave and inspiring.  I read it again at age 25 and was far less  impressed, and the last time I tried to read it I couldn't finish it.  The  plotline is painfully simple.  The dialogue has no trace of authenticity,  or any of the rhythm of normal human speech.  The characters are cardboard  cutouts with little or no subtlety.  The less said about the agonizing  length of the book, the better.  Nothing happens but talk for enormously  long stretches, and then when something does happen, it seems  anticlimactic, because the characters have already signaled what is going  to happen.  And afterwards they analyze each event in excruciating detail,  never forgetting to put a nice Randian Objectivist spin on everything.<br />Rand could have taken a lesson from Robert Heinlein.  Heinlein was  another objectionable, obnoxious person with a semipolitical/philosophical  axe to grind, but Heinlein knew that you couldn't talk your reader to  death.  So he had the good grace to put in the occasional explosion, alien  invasion, or sex scene in between his philosophical rants.  He also had a  sense of humor, which Ayn Rand's books completely and absolutely lack.<br />This is primarily a very dull book.  It appeals to misunderstood  adolescents because it addresses their concerns: being misunderstood,  wanting freedom, wanting to be the big hero who triumphs over all through  sheer force of will, etc., etc.<br />But those who have left adolescence  behind, who are not as self-absorbed or as self-righteous as Rand and her  characters are, will not find much to like in this book.  The positive  reviewers in the &quot;Synopsis&quot; section above harp on how much Rand's  novels have sold, but if large sales guarantee high quality, then V.C.  Andrews must be the new Shakespeare.<br />I advise anyone with good sense to  give this book a pass.  There are thousands of other good books you could  read, including the New York City Telephone Directory, before you try to  tackle this unreadable, lumpy mess.ewers in the &quot;Synopsis&quot; section above harp on how much Rand's  novels have sold, but if large sales guarantee high quality, then V.C.  Andrews must be the new Shakespeare.  <br />I advise anyone with good sense to  give this book a pass.  There are thousands of other good books you could  read, including the New York City Telephone Directory, before you try to  tackle this unreadable, lumpy mess.
630587493X|5.0|Bicentennial Man is the exploration of the the human spirit.  The drive to survive and to be accepted.  This movie touches on love, romance, comedy, prejudices and equality for all.  Robin Williams and Elsbeth Davidtz were  exceptional. The sounds track by Jmes Horner was haunting and enchanting.   The Theme so by Celine Dion is breathtaking.  A movie I can gladly say is  the best that I have every seen. The movie does not focus on futuristic  gadets and what not. The focus of the movie is change evelution and love.   Something that everyone can relate to.
B00004T8RK|5.0|pearl jam has always been a hard band to describe. over their ten year carrer, they have chruned out some of the most diverse, challanging and inspired music of the decade. binaural ups the ante tenfold. as rocks last  great band, they have constructed one for the ages. kicking you in the  teeth one moment, tearing at your heart the next, this album is like  nothing you've ever heard before and everything you've come to expect from  vedder and co.. fans looking for alive part two, once again, will be  disappointed. thats a good thing, because these guys continue to grow  artisticly with every album. this time a tweak in production(thanks to  binaural recording by tchad blake) has given fans a very different p.j. to  listen to; a better p.j., in my opinion. i love recordings with that  &quot;live&quot; feel. binaural sounds like it was recorded all in one take  on a cloudy afternoon in seattle. make no mistake, it is raw. rawer than  probably anything your used too in todays' overproduced, overdubbed,  overexposed music scene. remember, all truley great records have the power  to elicit different very strong emotions from track to track. after a few  listens i began to realize that the production not only doesn't hinder  binaural, it enhances it. vedders' voice seems to buried way down in the  mix, but, he loses none of his anger or power.the music is intense and  exteremley well construsted. music ranges from the full throttle of  &quot;breakerfall&quot;, &quot;gods dice&quot; and  &quot;grievance&quot;;which rock as hard or harder than anything prior, to  some of the most bueatiful, thought provoking, mid tempos in the p.j.  catalog(&quot;light years&quot;,&quot;parting ways&quot;). the biggest  surprise is how much a &quot;band&quot; record this is. stone gossard chips  in four strong tunes(&quot;of the girl&quot; by far the best). jeff aments'  two offerings(&quot;gods dice&quot;, and &quot;nothing as it seems&quot;)  are also fantastic. mike mccready is simply the best lead guitarist in rock  today. not only are his solos tight and fast, his rythym playing meshes  with gossards' better than it ever has(if that is possible). but, it is  matt camerons' ferocius pounding that takes this record from great to  classic status. did i forget anyone... oh yea. eddie... still angry after  all these years. binaurals' themes include the stupidity of war, free  trade, divorce, religion, greed, love, and fear. his voice has never  sounded better, his writing grows as he grows. he is rocks last hope. they  are rocks last hope. my moneys on them...
0316777722|4.0|I used to recommend Mr. Sedaris's books to my friends with a promise that they wouldl laugh out loud, but I also felt compelled to offer a disclaimer that some stories wore funnier than others. &quot;He's not consistent, but  when he hits it, you will bust a gut.&quot; And that's still true for this  latest collection of his essays. Except that I must finally admit that he  is consistent in his outlook. It's not always &quot;bust a gut&quot; funny.  And that's fine with me. It's like getting to  know and accept the best and  worst things about a dear friend. Over time I've come to crave his honest  and distorted outlook on life. You will laugh out loud. Not always. Not at  everything, but his stories will sneak up and ambush you. What more could  you want from a book? Buy it now. Especially if you are a francophile.
B00004T9UF|5.0|i like this album because i like how eminem can speak his mind and he doesn't care what people think about it.  not many artists do this because they are scared of what people will think. but eminem speaks his mind and i  praise him for doing this. i like it when people can speak their minds and  eminem does just that!
0316777722|4.0|I used to recommend Mr. Sedaris's books to my friends with a promise that they wouldl laugh out loud, but I also felt compelled to offer a disclaimer that some stories wore funnier than others. &quot;He's not consistent, but  when he hits it, you will bust a gut.&quot; And that's still true for this  latest collection of his essays. Except that I must finally admit that he  is consistent in his outlook. It's not always &quot;bust a gut&quot; funny.  And that's fine with me. It's like getting to  know and accept the best and  worst things about a dear friend. Over time I've come to crave his honest  and distorted outlook on life. You will laugh out loud. Not always. Not at  everything, but his stories will sneak up and ambush you. What more could  you want from a book? Buy it now. Especially if you are a francophile.
0553573403|4.0|I don't know which of you uninformed readers posted the review that stated that David Eddings's Mallorean didn't &quot;compare&quot; with this to recent novel by Martin and I don't care to.  For all of you who are intrested in either of this two series by Eddings or Martin go ahead and  read them.  Eddings has a less believe system of using magic but the books  are all really well written and will leave you with a sense of completion  when you're done.  The only con to this book is that all the novels are in  'small' bit sized chunks.(400-700 words long) I personally like a longer  read so that I get to know the characters better.  That's where A game of  Thrones really shines through.  You will read this book and really get into  it. I remember have hard it was after reading the first to wait for the  second to come out.  Both books are equally good and I recommend both.  If  you're stuck for ideas on what to read next, check the 25 top books on  amazon.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Okay, I confess!  If not for being hooked on the weekly series I doubt I would have stumbled across this jewel, but I am so glad I did. (See - television IS good for something!) Very few artists display such  versatility and soul in their first CD.  I hate to compare her to anyone,  but when I try to describe her to others, I say she reminds me of (okay,  yeah) Sarah McLachlan, Julia Fordham, Enya, and Suzanne Vega.  Her voice is  like silk, her lyrics powerful and her music is absolutely haunting.  &quot;Here With Me&quot; alone is worth the price of the CD, but it's just  the beginning of a stream of sensual songs, my favorite being &quot;My  Life&quot; - the best slow dance song EVER.  Thank you, Dido!  Now all I  need is the best MAN for it.....
B00002Z88D|5.0|When I first heard the symphonic version of \\"Bleeding Me\\", I was blown away and had to buy the album.  Metallica was a powerful and passionate band before they decided to team up with the San Francisco  Symphony, but together they manage to make the music act as a bundle of  TNT, ready to ignite.  \\"No Leaf Clover\\" is unbelievable in its  driving force, with trumpets and horns joining in on Lars' drumming to  produce a pushing rhythm. I could listen to this album for days and never  tire of it.  Old favorites are decked out in all their formal glory to give  a twist to Metallica's original sound.  Don't judge this album before you  hear it, and forget any of your misconceptions about classical music. S  & M is too far out of range to be heard as that.
B00000APLB|5.0|This is a classic Rolling Stones recording that should be a must for any collection.  It captures them in the late 1970's, when they were typically far from perfect during live performances. <br />Yet this is the purpose of a  live recording versus a studio recording - you get what you get, and this  CD rocks through a range of songs, ad libs, and mistakes that reflect the  Stones as they really were, in a small club venue.<br />Their rendition of  &quot;Round &amp; Round&quot; is terrific, particularly because I believe  that this is the first song that the Stones performed live on American TV.  <br />Also, this CD brings to mind a comment made by Keith Richards during an  interview, where he said that it was a shame that when the Stones recorded  a new song, the studio version laid down had not yet been war tested on the  road.  <br />He felt that the song was far better after the studio version had  been taken on tour for a year or so, and massaged into perfection by the  experience.<br />This is what &quot;Love you Live&quot; is all about, with  Jagger changing lyrics (Honky Tonk Women), and with the inspired playing of  Billy Preston on the keyboards, and by the combination of songs blending  into one another, such as &quot;If You Can't Rock Me/Get Off of My  Cloud.&quot;<br />If you want perfection, get one of the Stone's studio CD's,  or catch the songs on AM radio.<br />If you want to step in to a small club,  and hear the boys, perhaps somewhat under the influence, having some fun,  buy this CD.  <br />Unlike most live recordings today, this was not recorded  in a giant stadium venue, with hysterical audience cheering between each  song. <br />Due to the small venue, which I believe was a small club in  Montreal prior to launching a tour, between songs you hear chatter from  Jagger&amp; the band among themselves and with the audience.<br />I know it is  only rock and roll, but I like it.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|Like any Maiden fan I am thankful that Bruce is back.  The album does have some shortcomings like a less than Maidenesque production and lack of separation for the 3 guitar attack, but all in all this album shows off the  best of Maiden from the 80s right on through.  &quot;Wicker Man&quot; could  be taken right from Killers era Maiden and &quot;Blood Brothers&quot;  reminds me of what we saw on X Factor.  There are defintely classics here  like &quot;Nomad&quot; -- my pick as one of the top 5 songs Maiden has ever  performed.  It is a great &quot;1st effort&quot; with a new, not altogther  perfectly balanced lineup, but a great moment for the hardcore fan.
B00003CWL5|5.0|American Beauty is a psychological satire about the life of middle class white suburbia. Never has a movie a movie gotten away with projecting some much. It's an ode to family dysfunction, mid-life crisis, neurotic  mother/wives, homosexuality, and screwed-up teens. Yes, this is one for the  Prozac generation, the MTV kids and their parents, it's so cutting edge and  so mean it's hard to believe it received its much deserved Oscar. It's just  as complicated as the neverous breakdown it displays. It's an attempt at  holding a mirror to America, making America vomit at its deceitful image,  and then allowing America to say to itself &quot;Like, I'm like so  cool.&quot;
0141301155|4.0|This is really not much like that awful film that came out in the 70's...although I think that Gene Wilder was a good choice to play Willy Wonka.  I first read this book in second grade, saw the film a year or so later -- what a disappointment.  The book is WONDERFUL!  Roald Dahl has a  very droll way of writing that is all at once heart-touching, charming, and  kind of grotesque -- just the thing that kids love to read!  I especially  enjoy the songs (in the book, not the movie!) that the Oompa-Loompas would  sing:  &quot;Augustus Gloop! Augustus Gloop! the big fat dirty  nincompoop!&quot;  If you like this book, I would also recommend  &quot;Fantastic Mr. Fox&quot;, an underrated Dahl masterpiece!
630575067X|5.0|To make a long story short, Episode I is, in my opinion, the best sci-fi movie ever made.  In fact, it is my personal favourite video.  All of the Star Wars movies are a must-have for your video collection.  The Phantom  Menace is a film for all age groups too.  Young Jake Lloyd is perfect as  Anakin.  I watch this movie at least once a week.  It's absolutely  wonderful - perfect movie.  BUY IT NOW.
B000002HMH|5.0|I have been working out to this CD (alternating with the S&amp;M Live CD) for the past six months.  I have yet to get tired of it!  It just has a lot of power to it...while not all the songs are terrific, there are enough  excellent tunes to make it more than worthwhile.  Great go, guys!
0790738147|5.0|And WATCH L.A. Confidential!  Or any other Russell Crowe film. It's not the quality of the film that counts, but the fact that Russell Crowe is hot.  But really this movie was awesome. The characters were well played by  all the actors.  Kevin Spacey's and Russell Crowe's acting were superb.   Though this movie was hard to follow, the shooting scenes were fantastic.   As were the close-ups of Russell Crowe.  He is a great actor.  In every  scene I believed he was really this all-brawn cop, who thought with his  fists.  At moments I would hate him for what he was doing and  at others I  would cheer him on for all his bravery.  That's the power of his acting, he  can make you hate him or he can make you love him.  I, for instance, love  him any way he acts.  Guy Pearce is also a good actor, his portrayel of Lt.  Ed Exley was fantastic.  Being a foil to Russell Crowe's character his  all-brain personality has caused him to forget why he started this line of  work.  This movie shows a gradual rediscovery of his initial motivation.   James Cromwell also played superbly. His ability to play the contrasting  roles of a respected position and one who abuses his power in the force  really shows a great deal of talent.  But let me stop jabbering and tell  the four words that I'm sure everyone wants to hear, RUSSELL CROWE IS VERY  HOT!   So it's five words, eat me.  One just can't approach the last word  without stressing how much.
B00004T9UF|4.0|This is an absoletly incredible album every song is great. His first album was good, this cd is just riducles its one of the best cds I've bought in a while. If you are a rap fan, do yourself a favor and pick this album up, its incredible, even if you don't like eminem you will love this cd. I would give this cd 6 stars if I could. Let people critize Em for cursing and dissin people, hes keeping it real and real hot! This is well worth the money paid for it. Eminem is making his name in rap, go out and buy this cd!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This cd Affirmation is the greatest. I feel that not only 9-10 yr old little girls can listen to or ever teenagers. It's songs can touch a life of anyone For example AFFIRMARION 1. Is one of my favorites. It gives great  advice.  I KNEW I LOVED YOU 3. It is a romantic song. The music video is  great. 2 great friends of mine this is their song! CRASH AND BURN 5.- To me  it means their is always someone there to catch your fall TWO BEDS AND A  COFFEE MACHINE- It is a song that tells you a story about what I think is  an abusive father and how they cope with it. It tells you if something is  wrong don't wait it is too lat
B00003CX5A|5.0|This film is beautiful.  There is not much else that will best describe it.  From the second the film starts you know it will be awesome.  The mood is set withing a few minutes into the film, and it doesn't change.  It is  brilliantly made so that the viewer really does know the town of Sleepy  Hollow.  The main titles grab you by your neck and pull you in.  They are  absolutely beautiful.<br />The plot of the film can be very confusing, and  the first time I saw it I thought the story didn't live up to the elegance  of the film.  Now, I've watched it several times and I can say that EVERY  TIME it gets better for me, and the whole plot and everything that happens  in the story becomes more clear.  I have found myself liking it more and  more, and I am appreciating the depth and confusion of the plot. You really  have to understand it to love it.<br />The main focus of this film is not the  story, however, but it is the absolutely stunning and beautiful visual rush  it delivers.  The drab and dreary setting for this film could be taken as  ugly and boring, but it really is the key thing that makes this film what  it is.  The actual town was built for the film, and it is brilliantly  constructed to form the film into a work of art.  The other main set of the  woods was built on a soundstage, but Tim Burton does a flawless job of  creating it to be and outdoor world of magic and mystery.<br />The special  effects in this film are so incredible that they seem like they aren't even  there, save for a few scenes involving things coming out of people's heads.  One thing I will point out for people like me who didn't notice.  There is  a scene in the witch's hut where her eyes come flying out and what looks  like a toung. But, if you didn't see, it is really three snakes, one coming  out of her mouth, and two holding her eyes in there mouths, sliding out of  her eye sockets. I hated the scene the first time I saw it, but now I think  it really adds to the film. The horsemen is so flawlessly crafted that you  cannot even ever tell that his head was ever there.  His collar was made  inside the computer and it looks completely real.<br />I can't tell people  enough that they have to see this film because it is a true form of what  the art of film should be, and it is so elegant at times that you will  almost be forced to love it.<br />This film is neither 'Sleepy' nor 'Hollow'  as some reviews have stated. You just have to look INTO the film.  Sleepy  Hollow has everything a moviegoer could want: Hoards of action, comedy,  drama, and suspense which really works.  Johnny Depp's perfomance is  brilliant as Ichabod Crane, the nutty detective from New York. He makes the  film very funny at times, and he creates a VERY unlikely hero.  Christina  Ricci is spellbinding as the absolutely beautiful Katrina Van Tassel.  She  plays her roal wonderfully, creating a sense of mystery.  This is by far  her best performance that I've seen, and she makes this film even more  beautiful.  Christopher Walken's short role is great, and he truly creates  a frightening horsemen.<br />The DVD is almost as great as the film itself.  The picture quality on my player is the best I've seen so far, and the  documentary and interviews add so much and I learned a lot from them.  Tim  Burton's commentary falls up short, while we mostly just watch the film  with a few snippets of talking from him.  But, the DVD is still great.  Tim Burton's classic vission of this story is so wonderful in every way.  The town itself will live inside you when you are watching this film, and  you will want to experience it again and again.
0679416781|5.0|I can't imagine who would not enjoy &quot;The English Patient&quot; since the book has all things for all people. It's a love story, that contains historical fiction, espionage, hints of the super natural, hope, tragedy,  and a degree of mystery. <br />The premise of four different people coping  with their damaged lives in an Italian Villa at the end of World War II is  a compelling one. Hanna, a nurse must deal with the loss of her father and  numerous patients. Kip, the engineer who difuses bombs is haunted by the  loss of his mentor and teacher, Lord Suffolk. Caravagio the thief has lost  his ability to steal after having his thumbs cut off by the gestapo. And  Almasy, it seems has lost everything including his lover, his friends, and  his body.<br />Unlike the film version of &quot;The English Patient&quot;,  things in the novel are quirky and never fully resolved. We learn of  Almasy's death before it happens and are exposed to his omnicient  recollections in the mean time. As a result, his death becomes irrelvant  and we are able to focus completely on his narrative of the past.  Similarly, Almasy's affair with Katherine is stranger and darker than the  overt passion between them in the film version. Long after Kip returns to  India and marrys, his mind is still very much in sink with Hanna's. When  Caravagio returns to Canada he is still reminded of Kip years later. In  life and in death an invisible thread connects the characters to each other  even after they have gone their separate ways.<br />I thought the film was as  wonderful as the book but for completely different reasons. The film was a  very compelling drama and love story. But in order for that to happen,  Almasy needed to be more of a cut and dry character. He was a taciturn,  pseudo Nazi with burried emotion and a tragic streak. In the novel, Almazy  was odd humorous and possessed knowledge of almost everything. Instead of  appealing to us as a doomed lover, he teased us and made us wonder whoand  what he really was. In the end his story remained a mystery.<br />I am glad  that this book has not been classified as ethnic literature simply because  the author is of Indian decent. Many readers may disagree with me, but I  think of literature as the ulimate equalizer. A person's prose stands on  its own regardless of who the person is or where they are from. Michael  Ondaatje is a great writer more than he is a great Indian writer.
630521610X|5.0|There are many people who shun this film for many reasons, and it may be true that you have to have an open mind to enjoy it.  But, this film is more than what meats the eye and it is an excellent new way of creating  fear, fun, and a great story.  <br />The film starts off with a bang and its  thrill hightens as the movie goes on.  Drew Barrymore is the best cast they  could have come up with for the short and very scary cameo at the beggining  of the film.  Some people trash the beginning, but the thing that really  makes it frightening is that it isn't out of the realm of possibility, and  things like this do happen.  The first scene is gory, but excellently put  together and you will never forget it.  <br />Then the main story starts, and  it continue's brilliantly for three whole movies.  <br />The story focuses  around Neve Campbell's character, Sidney Prescott, who's mother was killed  a year before.  The story is delivered to us through more of events,  pictures and onscreen television reports than dialogue.  It is very  succesfully dished out to us with a wonderful mix of drama, action,  thrills, and then the obvious bloody scenes.  <br />When you watch this series  of films, you have to look at it as the first series of thrillers of its  kind. The acting in this film and its two sequels never fails to convince,  especially Campbell's.  Her acting really does express to the viewer what  it could be like to be at the center of a bloody killing spree.  Aside from  Campbells incredible performance, we get an array of different characters  who all have a different role in this roller coaster plot.  But, we will  never forget Randy, the obsessed movie buff who knows all the rules to  survive through a horror film, played by Jamie Kennedy.  He is by far the  funnest of all the characters, and he gives ALL THREE films something that  they would be hurt without.<br />Wes Craven's breakthrough film is in a large  part due to Kevin Williamson's incredible script thatwill really make you  think.  This series was the start of a whole breed of copy's, which none  have lived up to the SCREAM films.  Ehren Kruger does pick up to write the  third film, though he did follow a 30 page outline from Williamson.  It  does not fail at all in comparison to the first two.  You won't be left  with anything unanswered with the first film and its sequels, and all  together they make a great trilogy.  And we will never forget Drew  Barrymore's scene that started it all...<br />If you look past the blood and  violence, which really are prevelent in this series, you will see a witty,  fun and scary mixture of thrills to create for you the ultimate SCREAM.
B00004TH83|5.0|When I first heard &quot;I Will Love Again&quot; on the radio, I literally had to pull the car over to keep from driving off of the road. That song is one of those songs that just grabs you, smacks you around with a sad yet  triumphant aura, and reminds hip-hop, a/c, alternative, soul, jazz, and  rock fans thaat there is a common musical ground that affects and entices  everyone, regardless of musical taste.<br />Lara's debut album is no  different. Lara Fabian cowrote almost every single track on the album (a  rarity nowadays), and what a talent. From the top 40 radio classics-to-be  &quot;Part Of Me&quot; and &quot;Giving Up On You&quot; to the tear jerker  &quot;Broken Vow&quot; to the future club classics &quot;I Am Who I  Am&quot; and &quot;Till I Get Over You,&quot; the record is simply a  classic. Rarely does a record come out that scopes so many of the faces  popular music assumes, and does it WELL! It's phenominal- so good in fact,  thaat Columbia Records will GIVE YOU YOUR MONEY BACK if you don't think so!  Think of it- a money-back guarantee straight from the label itself- have  you ever heard of anything like that! <br />Get ready, this thing is gonna  blow up. And I'm sure after one listen, you will be right there dancing  when it does :)
0060930187|4.0|The Bell Jar is a first hand account of the mistakes and misgivings of psychologists in the 1950's.  Any writer or future writer ought to read The Bell Jar and find in it a reason to write.
B000003N89|5.0|What can I say ,Diana Krall is a gifted inspiration  for  humanity.And she can really swing too. What a joy to be able to hear this talented lady in my hi-fi.
B000002UDB|5.0|As an album, Magical Mystery Tour seems uneven and a little too silly.  The singles don't go together with the soundtrack songs, which would be a big problem if they weren't so great.<br />How can you NOT get an album with  &quot;I am the Walrus&quot; and &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; on  it?  &quot;I am the Walrus&quot; has clever lyrics and a most effective  arrangement.  My only problem with &quot;I am the Walrus&quot; is that  halfway through the track (the part starting with &quot;sitting in an  english garden&quot;) the left speaker (or headphone) goes dead, and the  music only comes through the right speaker.  What's up with this?  It's  kinda annoying.<br />&quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; is one of best, if  not the best, songs of all time.  It also has terrific lyrics, great  arrangement, and a haunting melody.  Other outstanding songs include  &quot;Fool on the Hill&quot;, &quot;Penny Lane&quot;, and &quot;Baby You're  a Rich Man&quot;.<br />&quot;Blue Jay Way&quot; is a psychedelic cross between  &quot;It's Only a Northern Song&quot; and &quot;Within You Without  You&quot;, but it's enjoyable.  &quot;Flying&quot;, &quot;Your Mother  Should Know&quot;, &quot;Hello Goodbye&quot;, &quot;Magical Mystery  Tour&quot; are also fun tunes.  &quot;All You Need is Love&quot; is  OKAY.<br />Overall, the album should get about a 3 1/2, but &quot;I am the  Walrus&quot; and &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; make this one work  for me.  For a more effective Psychedelic experience, I suggest you get  Sgt. Pepper or Revolver first.  But remember, no Beatles collection is  complete without &quot;I am the Walrus&quot; and &quot;Strawberry Fields  Forever&quot;.  Definitely an essential.
B00003CX6P|1.0|This movie excited me very much from what few glimpses we were given as previews - so I rushed to see it, and was thoroughly disappointed.  The premise is great - a very original entertaining idea - a star is earned  here, and that's it.  This movie dragged on and on and on...  Nothing was  resolved or accomplished at all.  Sure it had nice scenery, but I don't  watch movies for the scenery, I watch them for plots and entertainment -  and this movie unfortunately had neither.  I highly recommend it be  avoided...
B000002UB6|5.0|If for no other reason, buy the Beatles Anthology Volume 3 for the original &quot;Long and Winding Road&quot;, before Phil Spector tacked on the Orchestra and Choir.  The whole idea behind the Get Back/Let it Be  project was to hear the Beatles live, all the magic is lost when you give  it the &quot;Wall of Sound&quot; treatment.<br />Some of the tracks though,  (&quot;Two of Us&quot;, &quot;Dig a Pony&quot;, &quot;Dig it&quot;,  &quot;Maggie May&quot;, &quot;I've Got a Feeling&quot;, &quot;One After  909&quot;, &quot;For You Blue&quot;, and &quot;Get Back&quot;) remain  unaltered, in their original raw splendor.<br />Getting past the unnatural and  irritating overproduction, this album has some great songs on it.   &quot;Two of Us&quot; is a great duet and &quot;Dig a Pony&quot; is just  cool.  &quot;Across the Universe&quot; is a beautiful song, but I just  can't stand the backing vocals.<br />The one thing that Phil Spector did that  was at least excusable was extend &quot;I Me Mine&quot; to a full 2:25  minutes.  Of course he just had to add the orchestra and horns.  He just  had to.<br />&quot;Dig It&quot; and &quot;Maggie May&quot; are forgettable  jams.  &quot;Let It Be&quot; is the best song on the album, ten times  better than &quot;Yesterday&quot;, but of course it's got brass and stuff  added to it.<br />&quot;I've Got a Feeling&quot; is another great  Lennon-McCartney collaboration (well, if you call sticking a John song into  the middle Paul song a collaboration).  I just can't stand the album  version of &quot;The Long and Winding Road&quot; ever since I heard the  Anthology version.  Note: &quot;For You Blue&quot; has an overdubbed lead  vocal.<br />The final track, &quot;Get Back&quot;, is just another cool  track.<br />The final verdict: no matter what kind of junk you add to it, it's  still the Beatles, and they're still great songs.  Why not just release the  original George Martin produced version of the album?  An essential until  the originalsare released.
B00000064G|5.0|The first thing I ever heard by Nick Drake was \\"Northern Sky\\" (from the \\"Bryter Layter\\" album), a radiant blend of melancholy and hopeful romanticism that affected me so deeply I  gradually I got my hands on the  rest of his all-too-slim catalog.  While everything Drake recorded is,  unsurprisingly, not as perfect as that song, the \\"Pink Moon\\" album comes  close.  On his first two long players, \\"Five Leaves Left\\" and \\"Bryter  Layter,\\" Drake's songs are pulled in several directions by the production  built around his distinctive voice and concise acoustic guitar playing.   Some of the production works, some doesn't.  Most dated of all are the  jazz-folk arrangements that were much too popular in British folk music of  the early seventies.  Sensitive listeners (and Drake's music demands  sensitivity) will hear in those first two uneven albums an assured vision  sometimes struggling to be heard.  When that vision shone through, usually  on simply adorned songs like \\"Northern Sky\\" (with telepathic overdubs by  John Cale on piano, celeste and organ) and \\"Saturday Sun,\\" just to name  two, the results suggested that Drake's performances were strong enough to  stand alone.<br />\\"Pink Moon\\" is, indeed, the sound of Drake standing alone.   Except for the piano overdub on the title track, the entire album (a slight  but moving 29 minutes) features only Drake on vocals and guitar.   Sustaining an entire album by oneself ain't easy, but both Drake's guitar  playing (in which he utilizes alternate tunings and proves himself a master  of delicate yet rhythmic fingerstyle playing) and song writing have enough  depth to make every minute compelling listening.  Those that have found  this album a harrowing experience may be letting their knowledge of Drake's  personal life color what they hear, or perhaps they are only listening to  one aspect of the music.  \\"Pink Moon\\" is admittedly dark in places, but  after a few times through different nuances begin to appear and, for me,  the songs have now begun to take on a jewel-like glow.<br />Knowing the  personal reaction many people have to much of Drake's work (a song I hate  may be one you love), it's difficult to recommend buying the rest of his  recordings with any degree of certainty for any one individual's  satisfaction.  Take this as a rule of thumb:  if you know only one song by  Nick Drake so far, there are likely to be more songs on each of his albums  that you'll find you can't live without and a few that you will find  disappointing.  Like many of the rest of us, you may end up buying all four  of his officially released CDs (or the &quot;Fruit Tree&quot; box, just to  have done with it) to make sure you haven't overlooked anything.  And, of  course, there's always a chance that you'll love everything the man ever  did.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|anyone who knows the true meaning of the word &quot;precocious&quot; will  understand what i mean when i say fiona apple is the most precocious female  artist we have. 20, 30 years from now my bet is that her albums will still  be played. as much as i truly love tori amos, i'm not sure i can say the  same thing for hers. with fiona apple, we're watching (and i know this  sounds melodramatic) history in the making. her voice is deep and strong.  (fortunately she avoids the kind of raspy, voice-cracking-up histrionics  sarah &quot;she was once great but what happened?&quot; mclachlan has  resorted to). her songwriting is far more profound than her contemporaries.  and her melodies are beautiful. i have to admit, though, it took 3 or 4  solid listenings before i got into &quot;when the pawn...&quot; but that's  certainly not fiona's fault -- rather, it is the mark of a mature artist  prepared to challenge us, deepen us, and lead us to new heights. a  remarkable achievement, it deserves your ears today. (&quot;get gone&quot;  is, for me, the pick of the bunch. but they're all great.)
B000002LIX|5.0|When you find a band with as much charisma, insight, skill, spirit, thought, drive, and power, you can then afford not to listen to Jane's Addiction.
6302787297|1.0|After directing such milestone films like &quot;BLACK RAIN&quot; &amp; &quot;THELMA &amp; LOUISE&quot; Scott went downhill with this badly acted and boring film about Christopher Columbis discovery of America. The fine  french actor Gerard Depideueu was not in top form here and that's a total  upset. Usually most historical films i've seen are done with good taste and  do not lingere on and on with pointless melodrama, which is this film's  biggest problem aside from the poor acting. I personally believe the title  role shoud of gone to Mel Gibson or Liam Neeson instead, actors who can  actually make a historical figure more compelling to see.
B000000W5L|5.0|What ever you do please ignore the review from the guy from Isreal. This man obviously has no soul in him at all. If you like funky blues based very soulful rock n roll this is the album for you. Every song on this album  pours out the creative peak that the Stones were at back in the Mick Tayor  days. This was recorded in Keith Richard's basement and it must have been a  great atmosphere down there because this album rocks from the first to the  last song.
6302787297|1.0|After directing such milestone films like &quot;BLACK RAIN&quot; &amp; &quot;THELMA &amp; LOUISE&quot; Scott went downhill with this badly acted and boring film about Christopher Columbis discovery of America. The fine  french actor Gerard Depideueu was not in top form here and that's a total  upset. Usually most historical films i've seen are done with good taste and  do not lingere on and on with pointless melodrama, which is this film's  biggest problem aside from the poor acting. I personally believe the title  role shoud of gone to Mel Gibson or Liam Neeson instead, actors who can  actually make a historical figure more compelling to see.
0875428940|5.0|My first tarot deck, and boy am I impressed! I first saw Robin's illustrations in Cunningham's Earth Power and Earth, Air, Fire &amp; Water and loved her work. I saw the tarot deck and crossed my toes, hoping all  the cards would be just as good as the one on the box (it was sealed). They  are so awesome, you have no idea. Somebody else's review said that the  Ryder-Waite left them feeling cold. Me too. That one just didn't speak to  me, and I feel that Robin's art does. I heard that the book you can buy for  it, by Robin, is very helpful, that she explains why she used this color on  that card or put that item in this corner of that card, etc, helping you to  identify each card with its meaning. That was what kept me away from tarot  for so long, that I just wasn't getting a meaning, a feeling, from the  other decks I had seen. This one promises to be much more to me. I am so  impressed! :}
6302787297|1.0|After directing such milestone films like &quot;BLACK RAIN&quot; &amp; &quot;THELMA &amp; LOUISE&quot; Scott went downhill with this badly acted and boring film about Christopher Columbis discovery of America. The fine  french actor Gerard Depideueu was not in top form here and that's a total  upset. Usually most historical films i've seen are done with good taste and  do not lingere on and on with pointless melodrama, which is this film's  biggest problem aside from the poor acting. I personally believe the title  role shoud of gone to Mel Gibson or Liam Neeson instead, actors who can  actually make a historical figure more compelling to see.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I think this new album by Eminem is fantastic.  Yes some of the content is valuger but he is an artist that is expessing his way of life and i think he shold be cretied for that.  GO EMINEM!  I cant wait for the next one.
0767903854|5.0|G'day. I'm Australian myself, and an avid reader of Bryson's travel books- all are, to say the least, very funny, and give one an amazing insight to countries far away. <br />To you Americans/Europeans/Britons/Other, Australia  is, is Bryson observes, horridly unexplored, unknown (except for Kangaroos  and beer), and far, far away.<br />But honestly, to live here is wonderful.  It's a whole world that you all need to discover. I've seen very little of  it myself, though I know what lies in my backyard. It's great, and Bryson  sums it up perfectly in this little beauty of a book. It's about time the  rest of the world caught up with the goings-on down under. <br />If you  haven't been to Australia, even if you don't want to (either due to the  painful flight or the fact that we house nearly all the world's deadliest  critters), this book will make you want to pack your bags and come. Because  really- if you haven't seen Australia, met the people... soaked up the sun,  you haven't lived, mate. Just ignore our Prime Minister, and you'll be  right as rain.
B00000IPAX|3.0|Don't get me wrong- I LOVE Blink182! They're my favourite band! I've been a fan since I got my hands on They Came From Uranus a couple of years ago. Also, I like Enema of the State! The songs are catchy, fun and usually  vulgar (A Blink trademark! ) However, I would hardly call this album PUNK.  The CD is good though, especially with the Party Song verses. Mark and Tom  are still kickass when it comes to playing and writing music. It's obvious  that they have definitely kept their same demented sense of humour- which  is why it's so much fun to listen to this band! Just a suggestion though:  Anyone who wants to hear a REALLY awesome Blink song should check out Girl  Next Door or Wrecked Him if you haven't already!
B000002JSZ|5.0|Rising Power, Flick Of The Switch, Brain Shake, Nervous Shakedown. Everyone's a CLASSIC. Great riffs. Great Tunes. Great all-together ROCK!  Buy if your an AC/DC fan, a music fan, or just a fan!
0790733226|5.0|I first read Carl Sagan's novel \\"Contact\\" as a teenager and was instantly hooked on the stories premise of intelligent beings sending us a coded message that held within it the blueprints to build a machine. It was a  book I just couldn't put down and one that sticks in my mind as a truly  great story. However I am always skeptical of films made from books, as  they never capture the true essence of the story. This one did not  disappoint though.<br />Jodie Foster plays Ellie Arroway, a radio astronomer,  desperately seeking signs of extraterrestrial life in the universe. This  sign eventually manifests itself in the form of the above-mentioned  message.  What follows is a thought provoking journey of love, betrayal and  political intrigue as she fights for the machine to be built and for her  place on the maiden voyage. Her performance is full of enthusiasm and  heartfelt emotion.<br />The DVD is positively brimming with extras including  insights on how certain special effects scenes where created as well as  three (yes THREE! ) audio commentaries from Jodie Foster, the director  Robert Zemeckis and the guys responsible for the special effects. Jodie's  commentary is informative and she puts herself across as a very intelligent  woman. As for picture and sound quality you cannot fault this DVD. The  picture is crisp and flawless while the sound is an audio treat for the  Home Cinema enthusiast. It will put your Dolby Digital amp to the test with  plenty of use of surround sound, especially during the scenes within the  machine. The opening scene with the camera pulling away from Earth will  leave you in awe.<br />In a nutshell this DVD is worth every penny and one  that I will return to again and again.<br />One to show your friends just how  good DVD can be.<br />Steve.
B000002JSZ|5.0|Rising Power, Flick Of The Switch, Brain Shake, Nervous Shakedown.  Everyone's a CLASSIC. Great riffs. Great Tunes. Great all-together ROCK!!!!  Buy if your an AC/DC fan, a music fan, or just a fan!
B00001U0GQ|5.0|My favorite movie of all time. From the acting, to the scenery, and the awesome music, truly a great film. Buy it and tell your friends.
B000002JSZ|5.0|Rising Power, Flick Of The Switch, Brain Shake, Nervous Shakedown.  Everyone's a CLASSIC. Great riffs. Great Tunes. Great all-together ROCK!!!!  Buy if your an AC/DC fan, a music fan, or just a fan!
B00000JCB2|3.0|Why doesn't Fred Durst do what we like best? Hear him scream about tormented relationships and complain about how much his life sucks? Sure, he does it a little on this album, but he has to sing melodic. It would be  fine, but he cant sing. Three Dollar Bill Yall is much better at showing  his fans what we want. Which is a full-fledged rap-metal outlet.  Significant Other doesnt fail, it just keeps you waiting and searching for  something more heavier. It is little more darker than Three Dollar Bill  Yall. But, there are some light moments (like the Method Man rap). Get  Three Dollar Bill Yall$ it is better
B000002JSZ|5.0|Rising Power, Flick Of The Switch, Brain Shake, Nervous Shakedown. Everyone's a CLASSIC. Great riffs. Great Tunes. Great all-together ROCK!  Buy if your an AC/DC fan, a music fan, or just a fan!
020530902X|5.0|I cannot begin to describe how many &quot;elements&quot; of this book have become permanent structures of my own writing.  As a professional writer, I am always thinking of how I can say something better, in a more concise,  clean, effective manner; this book is behind my efforts.  Every writer has  an inner critic, who, every time you write a sentence, either nods in  approval, shakes his head, or (in extreme cases) looks skyward and gasps.   After reading this book, your inner critic teams up with E.B. White for  joint criticism.  Aside from the central part of the book, which consists  of a series of illuminating suggestions and comments on word choice and  grammar usage, the book concludes with a terrific essay on effective  writing.
B000002JSZ|5.0|Rising Power, Flick Of The Switch, Brain Shake, Nervous Shakedown. Everyone's a CLASSIC. Great riffs. Great Tunes. Great all-together ROCK!  Buy if your an AC/DC fan, a music fan, or just a fan!
B00004TH83|3.0|I recently bought this cd on the reviews about what a great voice she has.  If she has a great voice it is hardly heard through all the production.  At times she sounds like she has just taken her daily dose of Prozac.  At  times the production is straight out of Celine Dion territory.  I think we  can do with one less Celine sound alike.
B000002JSZ|5.0|Rising Power, Flick Of The Switch, Brain Shake, Nervous Shakedown. Everyone's a CLASSIC. Great riffs. Great Tunes. Great all-together ROCK!  Buy if your an AC/DC fan, a music fan, or just a fan!
0792156684|1.0|that is all I can say except that the acting was atrocious. you have been warned.
B000002JSZ|5.0|Rising Power, Flick Of The Switch, Brain Shake, Nervous Shakedown. Everyone's a CLASSIC. Great riffs. Great Tunes. Great all-together ROCK!  Buy if your an AC/DC fan, a music fan, or just a fan!
B00003W8NM|5.0|Most of the &quot;Fight Club&quot; reviews posted here focus on the brilliance of the film and it's message. I, on the other hand, would like to focus on the challenges it provides to it's audience. Having been a fan of Stanley Kubrick for years, I must compliment David Fincher as being the only director working today with a similar passion for filmmaking. Films are a director's way of communicating an art form, and Fincher has managed to do that with each of his releases. &quot;Fight Club,&quot; &quot;Seven,&quot; and &quot;The Game&quot; are all in my top 10 films for that reason.<br />As human beings we should have a thirst for challenges, and Fincher provides that to his audience with his cinematic creations.<br />To truly love films we must be willing to suspend our belief systems and accept a difference of opinion. Fincher, like Kubrick, causes his viewers to do this. Like it or not, when you view a film by either of these geniuses, you have to admit that it has caused you to re-think aspects of your own life. Because of this, &quot;Fight Club&quot; is worthy of the highest rating.
B000002JSZ|5.0|Rising Power, Flick Of The Switch, Brain Shake, Nervous Shakedown. Everyone's a CLASSIC. Great riffs. Great Tunes. Great all-together ROCK!  Buy if your an AC/DC fan, a music fan, or just a fan!
0440133688|4.0|We read this book for a second year medical school elective seminar, along with several other med student/intern type books.  As a second year student, i found some of the books stressful but house of god,  entertaining!  with all of its hellishness, the author at least had some  humor and coping skills that were interesting and entertaining.  the sex, a  little over the top, but then again he is a man...
B000023X9W|4.0|As a listener of Neil Young's music from the very beginning of his career, I've pretty much been disappointed with his totally electric music, but I  have always marveled at his mostly acoustic music.  While this album is  more of a musical cliche, it does contain solid music that does harken back  to &quot;After the Gold Rush&quot; and &quot;Harvest&quot;, two of my  favorites.  In my opinion, Neil Young's best work always had a bit of a  bite to it; driven by a little anger, tragedy, or disappointment.  This  album is very good, but it is in the middle of his pack.
B00003W8NM|2.0|I have no complaints about the translation to DVD, but this movie had so much potential that it just blew. It's the first movie that I've ever seen where for the first half, I was blown away and completely drawn in, but by  the end, I wanted my money back. They blew that bad. It had some many  things that it could have dealt with, but instead, it relied on a  ridiculous plot twist that ruined the film. Save your dough.
6305807086|3.0|I knew, going into the movie, this would be one of those films which would prompt me to like it or hate it.  Quite frankly, I hated it.  &quot;Why,&quot; you ask, &quot;do you give it three stars?&quot;  Imagination and creativity were abundant, as well as excellent acting.<br />I  agree with another critic when he/she recommends sobriety while observing  this film.  You have to have sharp thinking skills to understand what is  going on, if understanding this film is even possible.<br />I like to think  that I have an active and creative imagination because some of my thoughts  have conjured strange looks from peers when I have shared them.  However,  this was a little extreme.  I didn't mind the &quot;ability&quot; to  observe life from Mr. Malkovich's mind.  I didn't even mind the lesbian  sub-plot.  I can even swallow needing a monkey as a subsitute for a real  child. But, I have to hit myself in the head while trying to comprehend the  ability of being able to take over a person's life in order to continue  life for infinity.<br />The acting was good, but I don't believe Mr.  Malkovich had to do very much acting.  Yes, there were scenes where he had  to dance and become angry, but he seemed much like himself when he played  Mr. Malkovich and when John Cusack's character invades him.  I believe the  best acting came from Cameron Diaz.  It takes alot to sleep in a cage with  a monkey.<br />DVD Special Features:  If you thought the movie was strange,  the special features take you a step higher.  I began to wonder if the  people involved were somehow &quot;tricked&quot; into believing that this  situation was real.  While the information about puppetry (and I believe  this was real, not imaginative, information) was enlightening, I wanted to  fall asleep.<br />To sum it up, if you like weird things and want to  &quot;take a trip&quot; without having to alter your physical being, rent  &quot;Being John Malkovich.&quot;  But don't say I didn't warn you!
B000000993|5.0|Tool is simply the most talented musicans to ever write tabs. I love this c.d because it's full and complete. Aenima also has great workmanship but why does it have thoes &quot;Non songs&quot; Undertow doesn't have static  playing fot 2 minutes or babys crying just to fill in a song slot.  Intolerance is the best song. This album is everthing an album should be.  An other reason why I love Tool is that they don't rip you off with song  times. Most songs are over 4:00. Just get this Album. It's truly wonderful.  Also. Don't get the A Perfect Circle Album if you think its going to be  just Like Tool. Its not at all. Just because Maynard is in a new band  doesn't mean the band will sound Like tool. Keep that in mind. Get this if  you like Aenima. I'd say if you like an other band but no one can even come  close to Tool sound or likeness. Get this. It's great.
B00003CXCS|5.0|Julie Andrews IS C'Tres Manifique in this excellent family movie. I've seen this movie 150 times. I love this movie. No child should miss this delightfull entertaining family musical- comedy-romance. Heartwarming  beautifull score by Rodgers&amp; Hammerstien. The movie is unforgettable.  This is another great family feature you DO NOT want to miss. I recommend  this movie to ALL My Friends. If you miss this winning musical, you'll be  missing a great family feature.
B000001FTJ|5.0|As anyone into music will attest, most of the real quality stuff lies beneath the surface and sometimes you have to rummage around to find it.<br />If you're intrigued by Tom and fancy a rummage, then look no further  than 'Swordfishtrombones'.<br />Toms' work re-defines the term 'grower'.  It  can be hard work to a first time listener, but eventually you grow into it,  and then it just keeps on giving.<br />Waits's music has so much grit and  texture, roughness and rawness, smoothness yet harshness, beauty and  uglyness...  It's complex but simple; warm  and cold; dry but damp; old but  always new. 'Swordfishtrombones' never fails to amuse and amaze.<br />It seems  to have a life of it's own and exists in the strange world that Tom has  created for it, but if you get amongst it, you will always return and find  something intriguing.  It's a musical pawn shop.<br />What is 'casper  milquetoast' anyway?
B00001QEE7|5.0|This excellent Disney family movie includes the hit song ``Under The Sea&quot;. Jodi Benson is fantastic as the voice of Ariel. Undoubtably one of the greatest Disney musicals of all time. Rated G. This animated musical  proves that Disney IS the greatest movie company of all time. A true  animated classic that provides excellent family viewing. Kids and adults of  ALL ages will love ``The Little Mermaid&quot;. Spectacular songs, brilliant  comedy and a warm loving heart makes this movie a classic for all time.
B000005J56|5.0|One of the best &amp; most listenable albums of the last five years.
B000000WA4|5.0|Mellon collie and the infinite sadness is the best album that the smashing pumpkins have released. I have all their albums and they are all fantastic but mellon collie is far better than the others. The album is packed with  2cd's and 28 songs. Both cd's are very good. The first one, dawn to dusk,  has some fantastic rock songs such as bullet with butterfly wings, zero,  here is no why and of course the greatest song of the album, tonight  tonight. The second cd, twilight to starlight, contains some marvellous  songs such as 33, 1979, bodies and where boys fear to tread. In mellon  collie, we can see the talent of Corgan in songwriting because of the words  he uses, and how skillful drummer is Jimmy Chamberlin.You have to buy this  album if you are a true smashing pumpkins fan
0553284347|5.0|As children, we assume that what exists in our home is &quot;normal.&quot; Only as adults are we sometimes able to grasp the reality of what life in a dysfunctional family truly was all about. TOXIC PARENTS is a very useful  guide to overcoming the often crippling effects of a childhood in an  abusive family. In a society which frequently loves to blame the victim,  TOXIC PARENTS can help to heal  wounds inflicted on children by adults who  themselves were the victims of abusive childhoods.<br />PLEASE CLICK ON MY  NAME, ABOVE, TO VIEW OTHER TERRIFIC, OFTEN UNDERRATED BOOKS AND CDS.
630018403X|5.0|The breakfast club is one of the best films ever and the best film by John Hughes.John Hughes is a genius and John Bender(played by Judd Nelson) was the funniest and most expressive of the stars.Hughes was a genius to  reunite Anthony Michael-Hall with Molly Ringwald after they appeared in  Sixteen candles.This movie is a 5 star(*****)film,The breakfast club is a  superior film.
B00000K19E|2.0|The reviwe that say's this film is for Nerds got it dead on. When I finished watching it I was left with the impression that I got. The film has some major problems as well. 1)The plot is unoriginal with some major  holes  E.G Why did not the agents takeover the gaurds in the Lobby scene  and in the beginging scene or simply take over Keanu while he was in the  matrix.<br />2)The acting except for Fishburnes performance and Agent Smith's  is completely wooden. I expexct no less from Keanu Reeves but not the  other's.<br />3)Keanu Reeves the guy cannot act (in anything)and I am still  wondering why he was chosen for the film and why he won an acting award?  They should have had somone else.<br />4)The fact that the so called hero's  spend more time gunning down the people they are supposed to save does not  give me the slightst sympathy for them. In fact they are more like  terroists than freedom fighter's.<br />5)The fight scenes are good then you  see a Jet Li movie and you see real figh scenes. I am glad he is in the  Sequel. Only thing about that is that watching him get beaten up by Keanu  REEVES WILL BE HARD TO SWALLOW.<br />The film is severly overrated and I hope  the sequel is better.
B00004RFCM|5.0|capital idea to release this outstanding series in dvd! although it's true the images tend to be a bit murky at times, it truly impels one to have multiple viewings!  come and end up rolling with laughter fr beginning til  the very end.  camille paglia would be proud.  finally, here's a  breakthrough series about women who revel in their sexuality and still end  up on top!  it's likewise commendable that in this series, men behaving  badly are actually funny.  i should get so lucky!
078062999X|5.0|This movie is no doubt one of the best interpretations of Hamlet that I have ever seen.  Not only does this movie do the play justice, but improves it as well.  Shakespeare couldn't have made a better movie himself.  This  is a must see!
B00003W8NM|5.0|If you buy one movie this year, it must be Fight Club. This was one of the most underatted movies of the year. You really can't say a lot of the plot without revealing the movie, but trust me, it goes beyond anything that the  trailer might lead you to think. The movie is soo good, that immidately  after watching the movie, you want to see it again. The second disk sets  new standards for the term &quot;extras&quot;. Everything ever created for  the movie is here. I'm serious, you will find soo much stuff on the second  disk, you may never watch it all. The only DVD that comes close with extras  is the &quot;Abyss Special Edition&quot;, but the more I look at it,  &quot;Fight Club&quot; blows it away. Overall, do yourself a favor and buy  this DVD. This DVD will be that one that you will use too show off you DVD  player and stereo to your friends, just because it is one incredible movie.
6305311463|4.0|This Criterion Collection DVD was not bad except one thing the music video on the 2nd DVD was terrible, I was thinking it was going to be digital 5.1 sound and for sound lovers you know what I mean, it only came out of the  center speaker only.  Now the sound in the movie itself was incredible.   The whole movie was 5.1 digital and well earned.  The overall movie was  great just Liv Tyler is cute, but needs more acting experience.
0136879721|5.0|I bought this book just a few years back. This is one of the best book about the mind that I've ever read! Dr Murphy gives examples after examples of how people used the power of their mind to solve problems, heal  seemingly incurable illness and to aquire success. The author himself used  this method to heal a skin maglinancy when he was young, and he's got  concrete results himself. &quot;Ask for bread, and you'll not be given  stone&quot;. And he has one of the most powerful technique to suggest to  the subconscious as well. And he tells you all about it in this book - what  works, why it works, what doesn't work. This is the best secret you want to  know in life. I often use this method to achieve things as well. In 1997, I  had this wish to do so well in my design project that my lecturer will  print it in the school magazine. Seemed an impossible task cos I used to be  an average student. Well, I achieved that goal within a year! You can use  your subconscious to attract the people you want to attract, get the help  you need from whomever can supply it, create oppourtunities for you. The  possibilities are limitless- because your subconsious is infinite and  unlimited. It is an Intelligence that listens to your command! GET THIS  BOOK! I will buy it even if it cost 3 times higher, because the secret  within cannot be put a price tag on!
6304493681|5.0|Ghost in the shell was the first DVD that I ever bought and the sound in this movie blew me away.  This movie will remind you of a cartoon versionof the Matrix with a hacker no fight scenes though.  The overall story was  wonderful and the DVD version made it better visually.
0790729989|5.0|There is a key scene a Se7en that shows exactly why this is one of the best thrillers ever made as opposed to your run of the mill serial killer movies. The Swat team are all dressed up for the bust, they move swiftly,  rifles in hand towards the suspect's apartment complete with the  complementary &quot;thriller music&quot; on the soundtrack. But then all of  a sudden, the world weary detective Somerset(Morgan Freeman) looks at his  overeager younger partner and says of the swat team &quot;They love  this.&quot; Becuase Se7en, arguably the greatest film in its genre, is not  a film in need of cliches.<br />   I am aware of how bizzare this sounds given  the subject matter of the film, but Se7en is a beautiful looking film. Like  the horrifying images in Dante's Divine Comedy which features heavely in  the plot, Se7en's gruesomeness is startling, gripping and poetic. Director  Fincher and his cinematographer create their unnamed city from hell with  bleached colors, darks blacks and browns, deep shadows and dark wood  furniture. Infact every frame of this film could be frozen and submitted to  an art gallery. One particular shot of the killer holding a gun to Mill's  head in the rain with his face out of focus is breathtaking. <br />    Atmosphere is vital for this film's effect, but its undeniable success is  because of its superior script, acting and direction. Morgan Freeman's  performance as the world weary and very lonely Somerset is a masterclass of  acting, his performance subtle and brilliant. Somerset is a man so  depressed with the ugliness of his city that he admits to his partner about  their case &quot;We're picking up the pieces, collecting diamonds on a  deserted island.&quot; A man so disturbed by his surroundings, that he  leaves a highly annoying thermometer clock loudly ticking in his grim  apartment. As irritating as that clock is, it is at least constant.<br />     Se7en is also the first (and probably the last) film to break Hitchcock's  famousrule, he said &quot;There is no horror in the boom, only the  anticipation&quot;. While it would be a crime to describe the film's  ending, lets just say that there is indeed &quot;horror&quot; in it. It is  a blow to the gut.<br />    There have been countless pretenders, one star  garbage the throw serial killers into the mix to add thrills to their  pathetic narratives (The Bone Collector stand up), but Seven creates an  entire new world, where it rains all the time and chronic apathy is only  treatable by death. What the killer says of his work is also applicable to  Fincher's masterpiece, this film will be &quot;remembered, studied and  followed&quot;. Becuase Se7en is not merely a film, it is A STATE OF MIND.
B00003CWOL|5.0|If you are a super religious person the movie is not for you.  Open minded people would find this movie histerical.  This movie from beginning to end made and think and laugh, all actors in the movie did a great job and keep  your eye out on the cameos.  If your looking for a keeper this one is for  you.
B00004T8RK|4.0|If only more rock bands matured this well.  &quot;Binaural&quot; is probably the most well-balanced album Pearl Jam has ever made. It starts off with a 1-2-3 combo of hard rockers  : the loudly-shouting  &quot;Breakerfall&quot;, the speed-shifting &quot;God's Dice&quot; and the  blood-pounding &quot;Evacuation&quot;.       What follows them is a trio of  softer songs : the wistful &quot;Light Years&quot;, the melancholy  &quot;Nothing As It Seems&quot;, and the tender love song &quot;Thin  Air&quot;.  &quot;Insignificance&quot; is probably their most well-crafted  song, while &quot;Of a Girl&quot; is a song influenced by Middle Eastern  music.  &quot;Grievance&quot; is a discordant bit supposedly based on the  recent Seattle riots, while &quot;Rival&quot; reflects on violence in our  schools.      &quot;Sleight of Hand&quot; is the most depressing song PJ's  released yet. &quot;Soon Forget&quot; is funny and poignant at the same  time.  &quot;Parting Ways&quot; was the only song that didn't do much for  me : too foreboding for the subject.  The hidden track &quot;Writer's  Block&quot; (fast forward a minute or two after &quot;Parting Ways&quot;  has end) is a bit of a letdown, as their last album's hidden track,  &quot;Hummus&quot; was much better.   Overall, an excellent album and a  blueprint for other bands who want to survive the spotlight.
6305014140|5.0|This movie was so good no wonder the 2 part was terrible.  The design of characters,story,action and sound will meet anyone who has never watched animes standards.  Jubei's skill as the best swordsman will be tested in  this movie.  The challenges that he will face are incredible, they even  pulled off a great sidekick in this movie.  Action from beginning to end.
B00004RFDW|5.0|I grabbed this movie because it was the only one still available in the video store on a Saturday night. The movie far exceeded my expectation! It is definitely one that is able to move you so far as thinking about  humanity, ethics, broken life, integrity, and so many more issues faced by  the society. The movie succeeded in presenting the viewers with the  dilemmas faced by each party involved that it's almost impossible to blame  any of them for the decision they had to make to protect themselves.  <br />This tobacco case might have been widely known at the time it happened,  but what it did to Wigand's and Lowell's personal life was something that  the public never quite understood. What makes this movie particularly  special is its ability to bring the viewers personally inside the world and  individual struggles of these two characters.<br />Thumbs up to Al Pacino, and  a special salute to Russell Crowe's Oscar-worthy performance!
B00004KD1L|4.0|Groove Armada has achieved cult status...with people like Elton John and Madonna prasing their worthiness. And madonna has roped them to do a remix for her forthcoming single, so there must be something great about this  dance/electronica duo. Well at first listen, it may be nothing  impressionable. However, repeated plays will have you craving for more of  the funk in Groove Armada. Don't let the Fatboy Slim-ish sounding I See You  Baby fool ya, cos GA is very different. They are rooted in heavy beats  &amp; rhythms and draw their influences from dance/electronica to triphop  &amp; hiphop. The recommended tracks are of cos, I See You Baby, If  Everybody Looked The Same, At The River, Dusk You Dusk Me and more... A  bonus CD that surfaced in some editions contains the infectious FATBOY SLIM  remix of I See You Baby, Elephant remix of Inside My Mind, plus 2 other  remixes of Chicago &amp; A Private Interlude. GREAT STUFF!
1559409002|4.0|Well, there's no denying you'll see the &quot;surprise&quot; ending coming within the first two minutes, but it hardly matters. Carnival of Souls is one of the best horror films ever. It's nightmarishly surreal and will get  under your skin the way few horror films do.  It's a shining example of  what can be achieved on a very limited budget by talented filmmakers with  vision and imagination.  What a crying shame that director Herk Harvey  never made another feature.
0451169514|5.0|I read through most of the reviews and may i say that many people are quite misinformed! It is not a spider! It is an evil entity that came from above (I won't say that it came from space, it sounds stupid!) For the  person who said that it was predictable, of course it was it wasn't a  mystery novel! A great reason to finish the book would be because of  &quot;The Losers Club&quot; touching friendships and for the little quirks  that King adds into each and every sentence! Someday i hope to be a famous  writer and if I do i will owe it all to King who has inspired me in so many  ways! This it the best book that he has ever written, and he's written a  lot!<br />         Anne Champion Age 14
B000002UB3|5.0|If you ever have to spend the rest of life on a desert island with one CD to listen to, this ought to be it!
6304711891|4.0|The reason this movie fails to get a five star rating from me is because of its extreme action scenes.  Some examples of these are: when the trolley explodes, when Mason (Connery) crushes half of a parked car, when the  F/A-18s pulled away at the very last second (it would be impossible in real  life), and when Stanley (Cage) isn't hurt from the final explosion at the  end.  The movie would be five starts if the scenes above were more refined  or devloped.  However it did have great sound and great performance from Ed  Harris.  The bottom line: if you like well-developed, realistic movies,  don't see The Rock.  However, if you are in to non-stop, explosive,  in-your-face action, then by all means see this movie.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed has definitely touched my soul with their lyrics.  They are so inspiring and attempt to bring hope for what can, at times, seem like a cruel world in which we live.  With Arm Wide Open, Are You Ready?, What  If?, Higher.  These are songs with profound words to them.<br />And how could  I not mention the head moving/ear pounding guitar chords that come from  their songs.  This definitely is a band with a special gift/talent.  And  are puting it to work not only for their own benefit, but for that of The  Faceless Man as well...
B00002E233|1.0|This movie BITES!Borrowing liberally(who knows why) from the lame Jaws  III, Deep Blue Sea is a shark attack movie that takes place below the sea  in a research station instead of at the shallow end of the beach. But  instead of a claustrophobic Alien type movie, we're given a non-sensical,  hackneyed plot, overly familiar characters and digitally computer enhanced  mayhem. Sharks are a personal terror of mine, and like a car wreck you  can't help but glance at, I have to see all of the shark movies that come  out. So when I can almost fall asleep during a film about one of my worst  nightmares you know that the picture is a real snore. Even one of my top 10  favorite actors, Samuel Jackson, can't help this movie from becoming  chum(look it up).Avoid this film like you would...well, shark infested  waters!
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club never really found a wide audience during its theatrical release--that's a shame, because it is truly a wonderful film.  And this DVD is a gem.  Over the two discs the distinctive Fight Club mystique is  maintained, as all the behind-the-scenes and commentary add to the viewer's  understanding of this film.  It is clear that the DVD was designed for the  true film lover, the same type of people who first embraced Fight Club in  theaters.  You will not be disappointed.
158234082X|4.0|This book was a wonderful tale about the culinary arts. This scholar of the cooking world is educated in the business and in the REAL BUSNESS
0679890475|5.0|My sister's family from the USA visited us last Christmas, and Troy, my nephew was reading this book. My daughter, Hannah borrowed it and enjoyed it a lot, that I decided to order a copy for her!  The characters are so cute and the wordings are clear and easy to understand.  A must buy for  moms with kids 1 to 5 yrs old!
B000002P74|5.0|SECOND HELPING, LYNYRD SKYNYRD'S SECOND LP, IS PROBABLY THEIR BEST STUDIO ALBUM. IT HAS THE MOST SOUL AND THE BEST GUITAR RIFFS. A MUST-HAVE.
B00003CWRX|2.0|The story itself, which is based on real events, is interesting but the filmmakers made it into a weak feature film. There is too much unnecessary information and the \\"60 minutes\\" peoples' portrayal is too harsh. Some scenes are repeated during the film and the overall dialogue can [at times] put you to sleep.<BR>I give this film two stars instead of one because of Russel Crowe's superb acting.
B00004SCX6|1.0|I really didn't find the cd that great.  The music and lyrics don't just sound like her first album, they sound like every other pop act's musci and lyrics as well.  I think it was overhyped, but that's my opinion. I  wouldn't buy it without listening to someone else's copy first
6304383177|5.0|This film is one of the four comedies Kathrene Hepburn and Cary Grant have ever made.  They did look good together in all four of them.  In this one, Hepburn is a rich and stubborn young lady, who always gets what she wants;  Grant is indesicive, stutteting, de-masculinized scientist, who never gets  what he wants [that is until he meets Hepburn]. <br />A leopard and a cute  little pooch (which, I think, was Grant's own dog.  But, I am not too sure  about that), named George, are also involved. <br />Some of the most memorable  scenes are: Grant fainting, Grant in Hepburn's lingerie, Grant and Hepburn  singing: &quot;I can't give anything but love, baby&quot;... <br />Watch this  film and you will enjoy two hours of laugh-therapy. TRY TO GET A COLORIZED  VERSION. If for nothing else, then, simply to see the color of Grant's  lingerie in an infamous scene.
0201485672|5.0|My prime candidate for the best book of the year in computing. This book makes you feel ists fun to clean up your code. It gives advice on worthwile places and failsave techniques. Its even fun to read. Its biggest  disadvantage: its too short. Further reading is Kent Becks great book on  Extreme Programming.<br />And thank you Martin Fowler for giving us another  book.
B00003CWLE|5.0|THE SHORT OF IT:  You dont have to know anything about the &quot;story&quot; of Anna and the King, all you have to do is watch this wonderful version that so completely masters the epic life/love story.  It  tells the tale of a wonderful drama that MUST be experienced.  I only wish  the ending had that little *you-know* that we all hoped for.  Even if youre  not a Foster or Yun-Fat fan, its worth seeing for the cinematography and  beautiful scenery.  SEE IT!
B00004SCX6|5.0|Wow! That's more than I expected! Great songs! Great pop!
B000002G8H|5.0|Promices(Backless) came after Slowhand ,not before
0780626966|5.0|Freddy is now home. I got the box set for last Christmas and it was one of my best gifts. Part one is great and has the best story line. Part 2 was not that good but not as bad as everyone else says. Part 3 I think starts a  good storyline that have sequels that go along with it. Part 4 is my  favorite byfar. Freddy starts to get funny, the story is great, and the  ending was fantastic. Part 5 is good. Alices kid helps her defeat Freddy in  this one. Freddy's Dead was great because it gave you a lot of Freddy's  past. New Nightmare was alright. Good story but lacked that Freddy stalking  kids feeling.Overall I would buy this colletion if you like true horror  films. I would give it 10 stars if I could. I say &quot;JUST BUY IT&quot;.
B00000JCRH|5.0|You will bang your head from the begining(Battery) to the end (Damage Inc.). 80's were the year of thrash metal and MetallicA was a real thrash band with its unbelivable band members (James-voc./r.gui,Kirk-solo gui,  Cliff[R.I.P]-bass and Lars-drums), they relasead 2 thrash metal classics  but they had to be more creative, they were the kings of underground. When  they were released this album, it sold 75000(it was a record for 80's).  History is enough, Battery, Master Of Puppets, Damage Inc. and Welcome Home  are my favorite songs, but Disposable Heroes, Leper Messiah and  Orion(Insturemantal) are good songs but can't be compared with the MoP,  Damage Inc, Battery and Welcome Home. The Thing That Shouldn't Be shouldn't  be in this album, if you are a MetallicA fan or you are a rocker this is a  MUST for you
B00003CWL6|4.0|This is a very original, interesting, well-acted film.  It did not &quot;change my life&quot; or &quot;blow me away&quot; like I had been told it would but I enjoyed it quite a bit.  Kevin Spacey is very good here (I  still think Denzel deserved the Oscar over him but, hey, whatever) and the  other actors do a great job, too.  In fact, while I may be alone in saying  so, I felt the younger actors outshine the older ones here in terms of  believablity.  The kids genuinely seem to disappear into their roles and  it's impressive to see.  Don't expect your life to change but this is  definitely worth a look.
B00003CXDV|4.0|Borrowing many snipets from classic 60's+ sci-fi series and flicks Galaxy Quest is a comedy for all treky fans and alike.  Starring Home Improvements Tim Allen as Commander Taggart, and Alien's Sigorney Weaver as Gwen DeMarco, as the actors who have been called apon by aliens to be saved by  their heros (above mentioned) unaware of their heroic exploits are no more  real than Weavers hair colour. <br />If you're looking for a good laugh, this  is where you look no further, its a fun movie.  Picture and Audio quality  on this DVD were equally enjoyable with both doing justice to the format.  This DVD also contains a hidden feature worth looking out for, visit    ...   for the details.
B0000028MA|3.0|There are several great songs on here, including the one by Alice In Chains, and the two by Pearl Jam.  The reason I got this cd, though, is for the Smashing Pumpkins' &quot;Drown.&quot;  It's 8 minutes long, and the  last 3 minutes are a screechy distorted guitar doodling, but the song seems  to pass in a few seconds.  A dEfinate must for any Pumpkins or Pearl Jam  fan.
1573301051|5.0|Celine, Shania, and Gloria were perfect. What else could they be? Seeing them together and later finding out that they all became friends is really pleasing to know. Aretha on the other hand is so bad that they cut out a  couple of her solo songs. Mariah shows her true Diva side in this. Watch  when all Divas are on stage. Mariah gives Celine some sassy attitude...what  a shocker for Mariah.
B0000399WI|5.0|I would like to clear up some misconceptions about  some movies containing black bars at the top and bottom of some movies. A reviewer pointed out that these black bars are superimposed over a full screen movie, thus  taking away some parts of the movie at the top and bottom and making it  seem like a widescreen film. This is not true. In fact the opposite is  true, these black bars actually preserves the entire film. What you saw in  the theater is actually what you see on the TV screen. Note, theater  screens are rectangular in shape while TV screens are square. If a film was  converted to the TV screen without making any adjustments (imagine a  rectangle squeezed into a square), you would see vertical toothpick-like  figues instead of beautiful curvaceous human beings. In order to fix this  little problem, filmmakers decided to transfer their film using two options  - widescreen or &quot;pan and scan&quot; (full screen). To best explain  these two options, imagine a square (the TV screen) placed on top of a  rectangle (the theater screen) where the top and bottom of the square meets  the top and bottom of the rectangle. This is actually your &quot;full  screen&quot; version of a movie. The square would have to be moved left or  right (pan and scan) along the rectangle in order for some scenes to be  seen. What many people fail to perceive is that in full screen versions,  the left and right sides of a film are actually lost and cannot be seen. In  widescreen versions, the rectangle is put inside the square where the left  and right sides meet thus preserving the entire film. This is why you have  black bars on the top and bottom.
0316779237|3.0|This makes an excellent gift or &quot;Sedaris Starter&quot; for the unsuspecting fan of David's twisted sense of humor and outlook on life.  Most of the stories are reprints from his two previous books,  &quot;Naked&quot; and &quot;Barrel Fever&quot;.  I received this book as a  gift, and put it out during the holidays to judge how enlightened my  holiday guests are.  However, if you're looking to get a good sampling of  David Sedaris's work, consider his two other books.
B00004T9UF|3.0|Eminem took a lot of heat for his first release, The Slim Shady LP, over it's graphic, half-parody, half-realistic lyrical content, which went everywhere from funny social commentary to graphic descriptions of dumping  the mother of his child in a lake.  When an artist usually goes through  this kind of attention, the usual move is to backpedal, and play it a  little safer the next time around.<br />  This is completley not so with the  Marshall Mathers LP.  From the opening Public Service 2000 track, where  Eminem and his narrator repeadetly find ways of telling the listener that  he doesn't [care]  what they think of the forthcoming material.   Perhaps this serves as forewarning to the over-the-top cuts on this album.      Opening things off is 'Kill You', where Eminem reaffirms the troubles in  his life and how sooner or later, he just might end up dead but don't mess  with him, man, cause he'll take you down.  Typical fare, done with a little  more bite.  Make that a lot more bite.  Numerous tracks on the album follow  suit, such as Marshall Mathers and Remember Me?  Also thrown in are some  ... interesting... story-songs like Stan (a highlight), a tale of a  demented, obsessed fan, and the downright chilling 'Kim', where Eminem  screams throughout the entire song at his girlfriend, finally ending in a  bloodbath that ultimatley proves to be a mere prologue to '97 Bonnie and  Clyde' from the Slim Shady LP.<br />  The Dr. Dre produced tracks are among  the best, as expected.  And the single 'The Real Slim Shady' is the most  up-beat, accessible cut on the album, as well as being completley hilarious  in content.  But the rest of Marshall Mathers is dark, twisted, and  sometimes downright frightening.  Through it all, his innate rapping skill  remains, despite his content, he truly is one of the most skilled rappers  today.<br />  At the end of the album, once again, Em turns up to remind the  listener that this was all just a joke.  ...
B00004T9UF|5.0|IF YOU LIKED THE SLIM SHADY LP, THAN YOUL LOVE THE MARSHALL MATHERS LP. EM PROVES THAT HE REALLY DOESNT [care], WITH SOME BUMPING BEATS IN THE BACKGROUND HE TEARS ARTISTS LIKE IT WAS NO THANG! NOBODY IS SAFE FROM THE  WRATH OF EM. IF YOU LIKE N'SYNC AND BRITNEY'S MUSIC THAN DONT BOTHER BUYING  IT BUT IF YOU WANT SOMETHING RAW AND REAL, THIS IS IT. YOU CANT GET MUCH  MORE REAL THAN EM.      <br />           BUY IT, BUMP IT, AND ENJOYne to  try out for the Backdoor Boys.  It's all about fame and $$$, and sorry  Lamenem, but the pony you rode in on looks like the same one as the rest of  those turkeys.  Congrats Dre, this ho done you right.verage.<br />12. Ken  Kaniff (Skit):Kind of interesting,but not best on the c.d.<br />13. Drug  Ballad:Great song, if you're addicted to weed.<br />14. Amityville:One of the  best songs on the cd.<br />15. Bitch Please II:Great rap song.<br />16. Kim:Funny  as hell. Great song.<br />17. Under The Influence:Alright, but not best.<br />18.  Criminal:Pretty original song. Great to listen to.   All in all, this cd  may only have a couple of songs that stand out especially, but the vast  majority of the songs you'll like a little.
B000002GB2|5.0|I absolutely love Styx and I have all their CDs!   This one is definitely a great one.  I love &quot;Mother Dear,&quot; very sweet, and &quot;Born for Adventure&quot; is another great real rock n' roll song.  I originally  thought I would only like their albums with Tommy Shaw, but when I listened  to this one, I knew Styx has always been and always will be the greatest,  no matter what!   This is an excellent CD for Styx fans, and people just  wanting to hear some great music. Believe me.  Buy it.
1878424114|5.0|This book was written on the basis of intelligent thinking. It talks all about the different things that should be happening in everyday life and how to start making them happen. It talks all about basic rules for making  others happy and yourself happy and is very well done in all aspects.
0780626966|4.0|These movies have never sounded or looked better but like everything else it is in need of some improvments. It only comes with 1 pair of 3-D glasses, the 3-D effect dosn't work that well and needs to be watched on a  big TV, the double VHS Special edition of nightmare 1 has alot more  deleated sceans, the nightmare encylopedia is very cool but it has a  tendency to skip (without it being scratch), the cases for the movies are  the old style cardboard cases. Other than these things this DVD set is  amazing and i strongly recomend it.
B00000IQMT|5.0|His talent is always great to hear in the movies or on soundtrack. Each and every track on this album was written well and I enjoy listening to all of it. I only found one problem with it which is the same in the movie. Toward the end, when Qui-gon's funeral is going on, they have sad melodic music playing, then a few seconds later there's a big happy parade going on with laughing and joyful music just after that.
0446310786|5.0|For years, my friends had pestered me to read this book. Every time I would look at them and say &quot;It looks so boring, though!&quot; It wasn't until this year for a school assignment, that I read it. I could  have killed myself for not reading it earlier. This book is anything but  boring. It is  a fantastic novel that I will read over and over.    Jeremy(Jem) and Jean Louise(Scout) Finch are brother and sister and they  live in the county of Maycomb in Alabama. The story takes place in the  1930s. At this time, there was a lot of discrimination towards black  people. People also discriminate poor whites, to whom they reffered to as  white trash. One family that was considered white trash was the Ewell  family. Bob Ewell was the father of 8 children. Since thy had no mother,  19-year-old Mayella Violet Ewell, the oldest child, served as a mother. A  black man named Tom Robinson, who worked in fields near the Ewell  household, had to pass by the house every day. Being lonely, Mayella  started making advances towards Tom. This was totally against all code. It  was unimaginable for a white and black to do anything with each other.  Ashamed of what she had done, Mayella went to the court and accused Tom of  molesting her. Atticus Finch, the father of Jem and Scout, is the lawyer  who defends Tom. Every one is against him because of this. Sure enough, Tom  and Atticus lose the trial. But Bob Ewell is planning revenge on Atticus  anyway, because Atticus had exposed him as a liar in the courtroom. What  Bob ends up doing is extremely scary.    This book touched me very much. In  my opinion, i would say Atticus is my favorite character. The lessons he  teaches to Scout and Jem about right and wrong, and how peaceful and kind  he is to everyone is just amazing. Atticus is a great man, and I respect  him very much even though he is make-believe. I have only one more thing to  say. If your first opinion about this book is bad, please put it aside and  read it. I will say that the beginning is boring, but look beyond it into  the true meaning of this book. READ IT.
B00000IPAX|4.0|I think that Enema of The State is a rad CD and would reccomend it to anybody who likes catchy punk rock tunes (yes, thats right...to all of you who say blink sold out and they arent punk, they are) If you like this cd,  especially songs like the party song and mutt, you gotta check out their  other cds, which in my opinion, are better than enema of the state.  Cheshire cat is an awesome cd, and i would also reccomend it to anybody who  likes punk music.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Well eminems long awaited albumn is finally here and what do i have to say?.....Excellent. This albumn like the other tells it how it is and lays everything out there. Slim had great lyrics and like always...fat beats!So  hats off for the reall slim shady...he did great!
0316777722|3.0|Barrel Fever was a masterpiece, Naked was great; this one's awfully thin. Feels like he pumped it out to make a due date, frankly ...
B000020617|5.0|This album is very deep and thorough.  Every song eventually grows on you until you crave it.  I love the lighter approach there taking while keeping Dave's airy harmonies right on track.  It's just a incredible rock record.  Period.  Dave Grohl is a genius who can write very listenable songs without  sacrificing any creativity.  I can't stand Nirvana but I love this album.
B00000IAU3|5.0|That lovely Roswell song was, of course, the reason why I bought the album, but the rest of the CD blew me away.  &quot;Don't Think of Me&quot; and &quot;All You Want&quot; are FANTASTIC!  Beautiful songs.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Today (6/9/00) my mom bought me the Blink-182 CD after a ton of begging, i got her to borrow it from a friend.  She heard it and said only three songs were really bad (the said the 'f' word and one had not so good content) and  a few were acceptional.  It really is a great CD and i would reccomend it  to all my friends (although some of their parents would kill them {not  litteraly} if they got the CD).  My mom said it's not too bad, but it  definately should have a warning.  If your parents will not let you get it,  maybe ask for the edited one. I don't know how or what they edit, but it's  bound to be less ... innapropriate.  I hope my review has helped your  choice greatly. HAVE A NICE DAY!  :)
630588255X|5.0|This is a GREAT movie.  The beginning is a bit disturbing, but watching  the morbid adolescent Harold blossom into a loving, hopeful man with Maude  is exhilirating.  The final irony of the movie (I won't spoil it for you)  shocked me the first time I saw it, but instead of being sad, I was  actually uplifted.  This is a wonderful movie about letting go of the  things you can't change and taking pleasure in the act of living.
0767802470|5.0|Das Boot is a very authentic depiction in the life of a German U-Boat crew. Imagine 60,000 of these brave men sent to prowl the Atlantic and only 3,000 came back to tell the tale. This is truly a classic. Superb acting by  Juergen Prochnow as the U-Boat captain. I still couldnt get used to the  ending though. By the time you finish the movie, you'll feel very much  attached to the crew. It'll leave you breathless, and maybe even shed a  tear. Note how the film was shot inside the boat. The movie  pioneered the  use of  hand-held cameras to film the scenes to get an up close and  personal feel for the audience- see Saving Private Ryan in the first 15  minutes of the movie and you'll now what I mean. This movie deserves a nice  place in your collection.
B000002BE9|5.0|I can't gush enough...this album is amazing.  I've had it in heavy rotation on my CD player since I bought it a few years back.  I just never get tired of her smoky, soulful voice and heartwrenching lyrics.  This is  absolutely a MUST HAVE album!
B00000JCOV|5.0|some pepole think it's bad but every body likes some thing differnt.the only way to know if it is good is to lisen for your self. i got the cd and i love it.some pepole don't like it and i can't blame them but pepole that  diss it are pepole that don't repect talant. no body knows were there  aggeresion comes from and what they have been through but until they do  they should not say it sucks. i like it and you'll love it.IT IS NOT ALL  SREAMIMG! .
B000005J56|4.0|I just heard this album for the first time last night at a friend's house.  I'm going to run right out and buy it!<br />It just brings up so many memories...I swear there was New Orleans jazz brass in there that made me  think of Disneyland (you know, Orleans Place).  Lots of this kind of stuff  in the album - not that it's all jazz, actually it seemed to be mostly  latin tunes, but it's got that memory trigger thing going on.  Check it out  - you won't be disappointed.
B00003CWOL|2.0|I think people liked this movie because they thought it was rebellious but still somehow true.  I tried really hard to like it because I like &quot;Clerks&quot; and &quot;Chasing Amy&quot; VERY much.  I was  disappointed.  I just didn't think it was all that funny, and the premise  seemed strained.  It was hard to suspend disbelief. As a comment on  Catholicism, incidentally, it isn't even close. I would describe myself as  a Catholic estranged from the Catholic church.  I used to be very devout.  The movie didn't offend me.  It just seemed like it was made by someone who  seems to be a Catholic-without-a-clue.  Take it from one who knows.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|The music is complex, compelling, and haunting.  Fiona's lyrics are DEEP - not like &quot;I'm a genie in a bottle, baby&quot; (sorry, Christina, fun song but not exactly intellectual).  Fiona is an artist in the true sense  of the word.  I purchased &quot;Tidal&quot; a few years back and was  stunned by her talent...I eagerly awaited her second album, and  &quot;Pawn&quot; did not disappoint.<br />You go, girl!
0440180295|5.0|For Vonnegut so loved the world he gave us Slaughterhouse-Five. And whom-so-ever that reads it shall have their life changed forever. This is the best novel by the best author alive today. I will keep this review  short, but I will say that SH5 is a book with many deep meanings. One of  which is that war kills needlessly. It is not just an anti-war novel, but a  plea that everyone no matter what should retain their humanity. We are  &quot;Bugs in Amber&quot; trapped on Earth and the needless inhumane  actions of man against man results in death. So it Goes.
B00004R99J|1.0|I was so disappointed in this movie.  And it has nothing to do with the &quot;historical accuracy&quot; of the movie...what really bothered me was the way Pocohontas and her man apparently learned to speak each others'  languages in about 5 seconds.  I know they've got to condense that part of  the story, but this is ridiculous!
0393317552|5.0|A dazzling display of erudition, insight and synthesis that seeks to explore the factors that have enabled some societies to be more successful than others.  Many of the ideas in this book can be found elsewhere but I  have not found any other single work that manages to combine history,  biology, linguistics, geology, paleontology and anthropology into a unified  argument that provides such a useful paradigm for studying the unequal  outcomes of world history.  Whatever your own beliefs and opinions and  however much you might disagree with Diamond's particular arguments, you  can't help but learn from this book (ever heard of glottochronology?). All  in all, an impressive and thought-provoking work.
0671027344|4.0|This a book that is much like a lake, a clear blue lake that is very easy to fall in to. The book is a daring, insightful look at the life of a teenage  boy, a real wallflower. He is the kind of boy who fades into the  woodowrk, the proverbial wallflower. He is there yet he is not. His power,  though, comes from listening and observing. He feels much and comes to see  what high school is really like. He sees the shallowness in people, in the  way others judge people. He lives a life of anonymity yet a life brimming  with thought and goodness. It is like a lake as well because this honesty  on the page is refreshing and cool. I think that many teens will relate to  and will see themselves on the pages of this book. It was heartbreaking and  yet uplifting. The language, the sexual scenes are at times startling and  very specific but they seemed to be there for a reason and overall this  book was eye opening and important. I'd imagine it would be a book even  kids who don't like to read would be able to grab hold of and hold on to  for the ride.  Like the lake, it ripples with depth.
B00000K19E|5.0|Top Film, Top Effects, Top Sound, Top DVD Features, Top Acting...<br />..TOP MARKS
014028009X|5.0|What an enjoyable read! A very light, humorous read that you can not put down! You can not help but root for Bridget, relate to Bridget and want to be Bridget!
B00003CXA2|4.0|A good movie that receives criticism from liberal baby-boomers who realize  what a bold assault the script makes against the values they hold dear and  the immoral society they helped to create in this country.  Radical  protesters (not necessarily those who question the wisdom of war in some  cases, just the radicals), promiscuous people, atheists, and the entire  counter-culture of the 60's receive a well-deserved lambasting from Forrest  Gump.  I salute any movie with the guts to make such a statement in the  face of an ever-more radical and immoral Hollywood society.
0312243022|4.0|Beautifully written! If not for his prose I may not have enjoyed the book as much. While I was not neccessarily smitten by the storyline I was hooked. His lyrical tone kept the book in such a beautiful rythm.
B00004RFFW|4.0|Finally! The Director's Cut of Lethal Weapon 2 is out on DVD. I was hoping  that the initial DVD release would include the restored moments, but I was  set up for disappointment. Warner Brothers finally came around, though, so  I've less reason to gripe now.<br />Although I thought the second outing's  theme was kinda preachy (the same deal would happen with the next two  sequels), with a plot that involves an apartheid-supporting South African  drug smuggling ring being protected under diplomatic immunity, it had some  great action sequences. Who could forget the stilt-house takedown or the  obligatory final fight between Riggs and the South African henchman? <br />It  also had some surprisingly amusing moments with LW newcomer Joe Pesci as  informant and former mob accountant Leo Getz. His `What They Do To You At  The Drive-Thru' riff is to me the most memorable moment of all the Lethal  Weapons, even more than the bomb-rigged toilet scene. Boy, Murtaugh's house  doesn't seem to catch a break at all, does it?<br /> And, this being the  Director's Cut and all, there's also the restored moments, like when Leo's  figuring out out the stilt house's address using a complex numerology  system. There's also the new snippet following the opening chase,  where an  LAPD mechanic puts Murtaugh's station wagon back together with a temporary  hood, windshield, and duct tape. Priceless. <br />Like the other two 'Lethal'  TDC discs, this one doesn't have too many extra features. Just a theatrical  trailer, a featurette showing how some of LW2's action sequences were set  up, and cast &amp; crew filmographies. Oh well, guess I just gotta throw on  'Lethal Weapon 3' instead...<br />`Late
0380730367|4.0|Funny, great characters, twisting plot and a villian to hate.
B0000009S3|5.0|this album is the best durned album I own. the gumbo variations is my favorite insrumental jam, all of the solos carry you off to zappa land, buy it.
0618001905|5.0|This detailed, well researched history took me back, in fulfilling detail, to an era I knew nothing about and into the dark hearts of some of history's worst monsters.<br />The writer deserves every praise and award he  gets.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This is the best! i didnt really like 3 dollar bill yall, but this, this is the best! all the songs r good! especially nookie, a lesson learned, break stuff and re-arranged!
0618001905|5.0|This detailed, well researched history took me back, in fulfilling detail, to an era I knew nothing about and into the dark hearts of some of history's worst monsters.<br />The writer deserves every praise and award he  gets.
B000006045|5.0|When perusing my music collection, my hand is pushed to that bright orange disc time &amp; again. Massive Attack doesn't create music, so much as they invent it. Layering Middle Easterns samples over Central Asian drums, they  infuse a sinister dance groove behind rasping vocals. This album doesn't  create merely a mood or an atmosphere, it provokes a yearning.  Unlike  previous albums, Massive takes Mezzanine through heavy guitar and minor  chord changes. Adding the typical cast of Massive vocal guests, takes the  band to a different creative level. If you pick up Mezzanine, you may find  it effects your music collection like a virus splitting into Portishead,  Morcheeba, Lamb, &amp; Tricky. Everything else becomes blurry variation or  a shadow of the original Mezzanine.
B00003W8NM|5.0|The video and audio transfer is among the best I have seen. An excellent film from one of the most innovative, visually stylistic directors around.<br />The extras and beautiful packaging make it a must for collectors.
B000006045|5.0|When perusing my music collection, my hand is pushed to that bright orange disc time &amp; again. Massive Attack doesn't create music, so much as they invent it. Layering Middle Easterns samples over Central Asian drums, they  infuse a sinister dance groove behind rasping vocals. This album doesn't  create merely a mood or an atmosphere, it provokes a yearning.  Unlike  previous albums, Massive takes Mezzanine through heavy guitar and minor  chord changes. Adding the typical cast of Massive vocal guests, takes the  band to a different creative level. If you pick up Mezzanine, you may find  it effects your music collection like a virus splitting into Portishead,  Morcheeba, Lamb, &amp; Tricky. Everything else becomes blurry variation or  a shadow of the original Mezzanine.
B00003CWRX|5.0|'Sirus' is obviously a Steven Segal fan. Sorry, some movies have no guns and explosions.
B00001ZWTS|1.0|Is it possible to give a movie a rating of less than 1 star?  This movie will have to go in the top ten as one of the worse ever made.
B000002KO1|5.0|Let me just say, this is one of the best CDs I own. Hynde has a great voice, capable of snarling angrily and also being beautiful on the slower tracks. I don't think music gets much better than  &quot;Precious&quot;,&quot;The Wait&quot;, and &quot;Brass in Pocket.&quot;  Not a bad song on here. I highly recommend it. If you're disappointed, I'll  pay you for the CD.
0780629450|2.0|I have to admit that I was a big fan of Branagh before this.  I loved him in Much Ado About Nothing, and especially in Peter's Friends, but it seemed that right before this his hammy acting started taking over his personae.   I think maybe him in Frankenstein ruined him on me, but this truly took the  cake.  He is way too over the top in this performance as the Danish prince,  when so many have done better versions.  I felt the film followed his lead  with some bright shining moments, particularly Jack Lemmon and Billy  Crystal.  Hamlet is my favorite of the Bard's plays, but this was much too  Hollywood for my eyes.  Rent Olivier's or even Mel Gibson's version, or  better still rent the very clever Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead,  penned by Tom Stoppard of Shakespeare in Love fame. It is the most clever  movie ever made.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem is a very underrated musician.  A lot of people get on his back because he is white but the truth is he raps just as good as anyone else if not better.  His music is a way of venting his anger and frustration with  the world that has not worked in his favor over the years.  True, this  album is filled to the brim with foul language and rather shocking  material.  It is definately not for kids.  But the way he throws humor into  very nightmarish songs is really quite enjoyable.  A few tracks that really  stand out are &quot;Kim&quot;, &quot;Criminal&quot;, and &quot;Stan&quot;.   And of course who can put down &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; with its  catchy beat and its off color humor?  Dr. Dre's production really shines  too for the album is really well produced.  Dre and Eminem make a great  team and it would be great to hear them cut more material together.  If you  appreciate really good rap this album should be purchased.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Well, I'll throw my 2 cents on this as well.  If you are looking for a movie with a plot, erotic sex scenes, or something that requires an attention span, you will be one of the 1 star reviewers of this after  viewing it.  It is a movie for the patient and the analytic.  The storyline  and dialogue seem rather tossed in, as they serve the purpose of the scene  more than the only-reason-you-go-to-a-movie plot.  Which is why this loses  so many people.  The plot is not what is interesting about this film  (except the Black Mass/hitherto referred to as the orgy scene, which  interested me greatly from being a Robert Anton Wilson fan, but that is  another story).  Kubrick liked to play with what a movie is, and never has  it been more obvious than in this film, and certainly why so many hate it.   Because it is not as accessable as films like the Shining, Full Metal  Jacket, and Dr. Strangelove (to name a few), this movie is often viewed as  such a disappointment.  Personally, a movie that sticks with me as long as  this one becomes one of my favorite films.  Sure...I thought Tom and Nicole  were not doing as good of an acting job as they normally do, which is a  pity.  It seemed like they were a good decision from a casting point of  view, because of their public images.  Sadly, I don't think they were very  good.  So, if you like to think and analyze, watch the movie, but if you  just want to see some celebs in the buff, do a lot of fast-forwarding.
6305278016|5.0|Ridley Scott has directed some great movies in his career which has just been highlighted again with &quot;Gladiator&quot;.  &quot;Black Rain&quot; has always been somewhat overlooked because it was not quite as creative as  &quot;Alien&quot; or &quot;Blade Runner&quot;.  But truth is as much as it  might seem like a standard action flick, there is quite a lot of  originality to go around as well.  Michael Douglas (at his best) plays a  tough talking New York Cop who, along with his partner (Andy Garcia) brings  in a mobster from Japan.  They recieve orders to bring him into Japan and  when they do the mobster escapes.  Douglas and Garcia both are determined  to capture him even though the police codes limit them greatly but they use  every way they can to get around them.  One thing I really liked about this  film is that it does not let up just like the Douglas character.  So much  happens where one believes he will let the Japanease police handle it  instead of himself but his determination keeps him going.  Another thing I  liked is that the Douglas character is not exactly a good guy.  He is the  better guy.  In this film he is a foul mouthed and somewhat corrupt cop  that is rather hard to respect at first but as the movie carries on his  character improves gradually.  In the end I accepted him fully as the hero.   The only major flaws in this film are Kate Capshaw's unnecessary role (she  really adds nothing but a bad performance to this great film) and a rather  rediculous (yet amusing) kareoke scene (you'll know it when you see it).  I  really enjoyed this film like I enjoy the majority of Scott's films.  It is  one of the many great action films that has managed to win my appreciation  and is really an enjoyable film.  It ranks among the best.
6302206294|3.0|Robin Hood:Prince of Thieves is a good adventure film. Don't even tell me this is the definitive version;Errol Flynn's Robin Hood leaps leagues of flaming arrows better in almost every category. Robin held in prison for  five years and is still in perfect health! You've got to be kidding! Too  many scenes fall flat. Kostner is woefully upstaged by the British actors  with real accents;Kostner doen't even try so he seems not only wrong for  the role but set down by a time machine in the wrong age. The British  actors are excellent save Alan Rickman, who gets away with one of the  looniess performances in a major action film-he is a cartoon character  placed in the middle of realistic characters and his performance is so  hammy it is hard to root against him, for he is the biggest comedian in the  film. The action scenes are good, with Tarzan-like treehouses and swinging  vines and mercenary Celts (&quot;They drink the blood of their dead,&quot;  the Sherif complains to his witch soothsayer, who belongs in  &quot;Macbeth&quot; not in Nottingham Castle) The allure of adventure, the  pagentry, the romance is missing, all the admirable things toned down or  missing. Morgan Freeman is good but why in this movie-in a Sinbad movie  maybe but again the writers and director have mixed everything up like the  crazy stews the witch mixes up. And the wasted talent! Christian Slater  talks like a modern MTV hipster, Brain Blessed , a great English actor(What  I would have given had he been cast in the role of the Sherif of  Nottingham) is killed off for some unclear reason. Sean Connery, showing up  in comeo as the exiled King Richard, in a few spare minutes , has more male  magnetism than Kostner has in the entire film. Of course Connery played an  excellent Robin Hood in the excellent &quot;Robin and Marian.&quot; I saw  this movie expecting so much and came away with so little. It is  fair  adventure film to add to your collection but it has torn the heart out of  the wonderful folk legend of Robin Hood and leaves a bad after taste. Buy  the Errol Flynn version, still the top version. Even the Walt Disney  version was not bad and a newer version with Patrick Bergin is also good. I  do like Michael Kamen's inspired film score. If only the rest of this mess  matched his lush music score and love theme.
079074404X|4.0|After reading some of these extensive reviews on this film , I must take the Krell mind exapnder. <br />Fine MGM Sci Fi entry is only marred by the absurd dialogue between Annne Francis and the crew who obviously  have been  in deep space a bit too long. Dir. by Frank Wilcox
0880381736|5.0|A half-elf ashamed of his heritage. A knight whose goal is to restore honor to his people. A woman who has received a strange gift, a staff of magical healing powers. A man whose fallen in love with the leader of his  tribe. A mage with a dark secret. The mage's twin brother, a powerful  fighting giant. An old dwarf who is an old friend of the half-elf. And an  irrepressible kender. These eight must save the world, but before they can  save the world, they must learn to understand themselves. If you love to  read books where each page opens a new idea into your mind, you'll love  this book. This book will open up new ideas into your mind, and fill your  heart with a sort of excitment, a liking, or maybe even a hatred, towards  certain characters. Be prepared for non-stop reading excitement at the max.
B000002H38|5.0|A set of very lush and very good r&amp;b songs.  The torchy and excellent You Bring Me Joy and the jazzy and scatty Been So Long are gems.  Her finest recording.
B00004RFFS|4.0|This is probably the best vampire movie I have ever seen, because even though there is some comic relief here and there, this movie takes itself very seriously.  Since it deals with a fantasy subject, it is nice to see a  script that is so well written that it has the power to make you believe  for the 2 hours you will spend with it.  Another thing this movie has going  for it is the art direction, the sets, and the music, they are all  wonderful and add the the dark mood of the movie.  Tom Cruise does a nice  acting job.  It is obvious that Brad Pitt has improved since his  performance in this (such as Fight Club).  I gave it 4 stars, because not  everyone will enjoy the endless blood flow and darkness that comes with a  vampire movie.<br />Overall, very stylistic and fun.  Reccomended.
B000021Y74|4.0|In my German class, one boy brought this movie in. I really didn't know what to expect, because most movies we see in German class are a bit old.. this one is very different, and creative. I have never seen anything so  different, and imaginative. It is very well done, and interesting. Nothing  that anyone should miss seeing.
B00000I07R|5.0|I've been a fan of Bon Jovi ever since their first album was released.  Their dedication to making every album have its own unique style and tone makes them awesome!   With no acceptions to Keep The Faith.  With love  songs like Bed of Roses and In These Arms, to I Believe and Keep the Faith,  this album has a diverse sound and I think Bon Jovi will be around for a  very long time.
B00000IMTF|5.0|&quot;Rainbow Rising&quot; is a tour de force of Rainbow at their peak.  Every track is strong on the album. Ronnie James Dio turns in a strong vocal performance, there is good keyboard playing, and the signature  Blackmore sound is present.        Before hearing this album, I thought  &quot;Long Live Rock and Roll&quot; was the best.  In six tracks, raging  from short to epic pieces, the album has a continuous flow, with no  choppiness or filler.  &quot;starstruck&quot; and &quot;Do you close your  eyes&quot; are unforgettable. A gem that gets overlooked.
B00000JJQK|5.0|Pet Sounds is the best album ever written by anyone on the face of the planet! Which gives Brian Wilson a good review. If I could give this album infinity stars, I would. The ultimate album!
B00000IMTH|5.0|Long Live Rock and Roll is a carefully constructed album complete with rockers, epics, and quiet songs.      The strength of this album lies in its diversity of styles of rock and roll.  The title track is self  explanatory, with Ronnie giving a guttural display.  There are several  mythical rockers that stand strong, such as &quot;Lady of the Lake&quot;.   &quot;Kill the King&quot; is a upper cut punch with Dio and Blackmore at  their finest.      The calm and serene chords of &quot;rainbow eyes&quot;  brings goosebumps to my skin.  This track has got to be one of the most  beautiful songs in rock and roll.      A fine album that sounds even better  remastered.
0780629450|1.0|I love Shakespeare and I was really looking forward to this movie but when I saw it I was so dissappointed.  I nearly left at the end when Branagh (playing Hamlet) is portrayed in a Christ-like crusifiction pose.  Give me  a break!  Literary criticism aside Hamlet is no Christ and neither is  Branagh!  What was he thinking!  The whole thing seemed like a mess to me,  as if he couldn't make up his mind what time period it was set in.  If you  want to see Hamlet, don't watch this movie - go see it on stage!
B00001QGPS|5.0|There aren't too many MC's that can rhyme like these two. Method Man is my personal favorite and I haven't stopped listening to Blackout since I bought it. Do yourself a favor, GET IT! Even if you're just a mild Hip-Hop  fan.
6305350205|5.0|Star Trek V- The Final Frontier is one of my favorite Star Trek stories...ever.  I'm not jumping on the bandwagon and picking this movie apart because of some bizzare &quot;William Shatner&quot; hatred like so  many other reviews out here display.  <br />On the contrary, I felt this movie  was the very best reflection of what the original series was.  On one side,  it was campy, silly, and lacking in special effects (just like the original  60's episodes).  On the other side, we have a very serious story that  speaks to us about inner journeys, false beliefs, friendship, and discovery  (hmmmm....also just like the original 60's show would have  done!)<br />&quot;The Final Frontier&quot; is a fantastic premise that,sadly,  was not able to be fully realized.  If you look deep enough into the film  and what it is trying to say, you will see this.  The exploration of our  inner demons and pains is handled very well, as we are reminded that  without these parts of ourselves, we are actually lost.  The idea of  misguided loyalties and beliefs is clearly shown in Sybok's ill-fated  quest.  In this day and age where money, power, and careers are drawing  people in and causing us to forget that our relationships are what truly  matter, this is even more relevant.  Sybok's &quot;God&quot; is nothing  more than the manifestation of these things, and he realizes his mistake  after it is too late (like so many of us).<br />We are treated to one of the  best examples of the &quot;Kirk, Spock, McCoy&quot; relationship ever  filmed.  The three are ultimately victorious in the film because their  friendship is able to survive tis roller-coaster ride that Sybok has forced  upon them.  The campfire scene shows how these men can function as PEOPLE,  not just heros.  It's an important scene for true Star Trek fans.  <br />The  feeling of wonder and discovery are also resurrected in Trek V.  As we  approach the Great Barrier at the center of the galaxy, we are along for  the ride, readyto be the first to see what lies beyond.  THIS and  everything else I've mentioned is what makes Star Trek great.  <br />Forget  about the bad visual effects (but try to imagine how cool this movie would  have looked if it was filmed today).  Forget the plotholes and continiuity  flaws.  And DO NOT blame William Shatner.  Just because he jokingly said  &quot;get a life&quot; 15 years ago is no reason to hate the man.  Those  who feel that way...maybe he was right.  Enjoy the closest thing to true  Trek (along with Star Trek II) since 1969.
B00004T9UF|5.0|A few months ago I HATED Eminem.  I thought he was just some snot nosed white boy mouthing off at everything within earshot, cliche style.  Then a friend of mine gave me &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot; and I started  chuckling at his insight on stuff people are afraid to talk about and even  think about.  I was impressed enough by this to buy his new joint,  &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; and you know what?  This guy's a  genius.  For me to go from thinking someone's an idiot to a genius takes  some cajoling, I tell you.  This album dwarfs his first one.  It's got  everything:  It's hilarious, intense, maniacal, angry, sad, gratuitous  and...sensitive.  Ripley would be hard pressed to believe that this is the  most socially conscious album in quite sometime, but it is.  Eminem has  more to say about society today and how screwed up it is than any other  artist out there.  And you know what?  He's right.  From the media to drugs  to the Ken Kaniffs out there he's got truth behind him.  It may take a  little digging to find it on this album, along with a little open  mindendness, but once you do, be prepared to be set free.  <br />ps   &quot;Kim&quot; is a masterpiece
B000002JNN|4.0|Of the four or five AC/DC albums I have, including BACK IN BLACK, this is my favorite  Most of the songs are really good, but THUNDERSTRUCK and LET'S MAKE IT really stand out.  They lyrics are their usual high intensity,  scream it out to the world sound and the guitars just rock.  The one song I  didn't really like on here is MISTRESS FOR CHRISTMAS.  All the others are  great for popping into the CD player and just crankin', especially if  you're on a long road trip.  Just sit back, listen, and enjoy!
B000021Y77|5.0|Catch this superb German film before Hollywood decides to remake it (and believe me, they will). This is cinema in its purest, most kinetic form.<br />The plot is simple: Lola has 20 minutes to come up with 100,000  marks that her boyfriend Manni owes to drug dealers, otherwise he's going  to have to rob a store to get it. And that's it, basically. Only,  ingeniously, we are treated to 3 versions of her run (or perhaps  alternative universes), events unfolding differently depending on how long  it takes her and the choices she makes. The attention to detail is  stunning, and every little image and incident is relevant to the taut  plotting. A wonderfully choreographed study of time and space.<br />What we  have is a kind of Sliding Doors (or Fowles' French Lieutenant's Woman)  meets Pulp Fiction with all the energy and modernity of Trainspotting,  mixing drama, tragedy and dark humour. Run Lola Run is a whirlwind race  against time as our flame-haired heroine pounds the sidewalks of Berlin,  unknowingly initiating traffic accidents, bank heists, uncovering dark  family secrets, and changing the lives of the people she encounters on her  way (beautifully executed in a series of Polaroid montages) in a complex  web of cause and effect. <br />Furiously paced, and edited, Twyker's  masterpiece of Chance bombards us with an entire catalogue of camera  tricks, techniques and mediums; split screen, time lapse, animation (in the  cartoon sense), anything to grab our attention and immerse us in the  situation, and is enhance by an excellent techno soundtrack (composed by  Twyker).<br />Presented on DVD with a decent extras package, Run Lola Run is a  rush - in every sense of the word - from start to finish. (Watch it in  German with the English subtitles, however, as the dubbed English  soundtrack is dire.)
B00000DG1R|5.0|This CD contains nearly all of Duran Duran's hits of the 80's and 90's.  If you were a teenager during the 80's your are going to reconize and love such songs as &quot;Girls On Film&quot; and &quot;View To A Kill&quot;.  One of the most played CD in my whole collection.
0380002930|5.0|At first I wasn't to thrilled to have my English teacher &quot;force&quot; me to read this book. I mean look at it. It is about bunny rabits! How stupid! Not! This book changed my whole prespective on books. As soon as i  started reading I couldn't put it down. It let me escape from my stress  full life to a world full of bunny rabbits. It was like a dream. I was into  it from the begining to the end. I cryed at the end. Now if you are  thinking about reading this book don't wait stupid read it! Your missing  out on one of the worlds greatest novels!
0380002930|5.0|This is the best book I've ever read.  It was so entertaining, I read it in two days!
6304711905|5.0|The DVD is excellent and exciting to watch over and over.  Although much of the history has been squashed and somewhat changed the authenticity of the setting and characters actually is more dead on than other versions of  the story.  Val Kilmer gives one of his best performances ever as Doc  Holliday and plays well against Kurt Russell's more controled Wyatt Earp.   It would be nice however, for the DVD to have included any of the many  scenes which were deleted after filming.  This version features none and  doesn't fully take advantage of the technology.  Also, production notes  would have been nice to have to.  Hopefully a more fully expanded version  will be released. For Earp fans check the credits for who is playing Billy  Clayborn.
0783240236|5.0|THE BIRDS has always been my favorite Hitch film.  All the wonderful traits we've come to love and expect in a Hitchcock film are here:  suspense, moments of terror, and counter-balancing those, needed moments of  humor.       The plot has been outlined many times already in other  reviews, so I'll skip that.       What I do need to point out concerning  this Collector's Edition DVD version is the outstanding &quot;extras&quot;  that come with.   Included is the telling of Hitchcock's original ending,  an example of Hitch's story-boarding a scene, Tippi Hedren's screen test,  and the inclusion (via photos and commentary) of a deleted scene. <br />  The  highlight of the entire DVD however, is the most superb &quot;Behind the  Scenes&quot; documentary of the making of this film that I've yet seen on a  DVD release.  Almost everything you want to know about the making of this  film, including how all the bird attacks/tricks were done, comes from  interviews with Rod Taylor, Tippi Hedren, Veronica Cartright, Patricia  Hitchcock (Hitch's daughter) and many others.       Simply a fantastic  documentary.  Even if you might not consider purchasing the DVD because you  don't really care for the movie, the documentary alone makes it worth the  price.  Never before have I learned so much about the making of a movie,  and in particular, one of Hitchcock's.  Not to be missed.
0446364495|4.0|I think this book is a story of true love and spiritual connection and I was thus surprised at the 'extremely negative' reviews I've been reading.  There is a renowned quotation which I would like to send out to all those  jaded naysayers who believe this is a story of lust not love; &quot;It is  wrong to think that love comes from companionship and persevering  courtship.  Love is the offspring of spiritual affinity and unless that  affinity is created in a moment, it will not be created for years or  generations.&quot;
B00003CWN3|5.0|Our society is terribly skeptical and judgmental about differences that  dwell within it.  Mostly, it is in our nature to reject and fear what is  foreign and indistinguishable to us.  We flee from the unknown, like  cowards.  Even children are more courageous and willing to discover the  unlearned, new experiences they've been warned to avoid. Presumably, we  must be a civilized society, gifted with reason, equity, and compassion.   Yet we react like savages upon gaining knowledge of something that we were  completely unfamiliar with before, something that happens to be somewhat  different from us.  We fear what is strange, and it is only our own  feelings and perceptions that are not alien to us, and that we are  accustomed to regarding as \\"normal.\\"  We refuse to believe in mind's  disagreement with nature.  What is created by nature, by the highest  powers, is not to be doubted or resented.  This widely accepted belief  deprives us of exploring our inner selves and restricts our freedom to  express our state of mind in the open.  For example, people are immediately  assigned to the gender category based on the sex organs they are born with,  and are expected to take on the socially constructed gender roles that are  considered appropriate for the members of that particular sexual category.   This is usually the logical way to categorize the newcomers to this world,  since they are unable to make decisions on their own.  However, if later in  life people become uncomfortable with the gender that they had been  \\"assigned\\" to at birth, they should be granted the freedom to make their  own choice, and be given the same amount of respect and support that they  had before making this choice.        Although biologically a female,  Brandon feels more comfortable being a male, and therefore dresses and acts  like one, and succeeds in deceiving young girls about \\"his\\" true -  biological - gender.  (We must use a male pronoun in referring to Brandon  Teena, for his personal choice of identity must be respected.)  Brandon saw  himself as no other than a heterosexual male.  He could make his body  sufficiently indistinguishable to allow him to pass as a man.   Brandon,  the main character, was naturally gentle and sensitive; he was comfortable  and at ease with women, who were, in return, charmed by his charisma.  He  had quite a reputation in being a womanizer. However, after some time upon  arriving to Kansas, Brandon falls in love with a girl named Lana.  For her,  Brandon is a mysterious cowboy-knight, who comes to her rescue.  She is  fascinated by Brandon's romanticism, and sees him as a sensitive, caring  young man - a man that is completely different from those violent and  disrespectful drunkards that mostly inhabit in Falls City.  At first, Lana  knows nothing about Brandon's true gender.  It is only later in the movie,  when they make love and Brandon leans over her, exposing the indefinite  outline of his elastic band-bound breasts through the neckline of his  T-shirt, when Lana develops some suspicions.  Nonetheless, there is a  definite stretch of when she actually acknowledges Brandon's gender, for  she does not really want to know; she wants to love Brandon without going  into details of his personal life.  Romance here is built on veiled  illusion, and the unconditional love of two people - Brandon and Lana -  embraces this illusion that had been created by them in all its bare  beauty.  Lana accepts him despite the harsh disapproval and disgust of her  mother.  Lana even defends Brandon and covers him by declaring that she had  personally seen Brandon's male sex organ, when he is first accused of lying  about his gender.  She trusts him enough, or just wants to hold on to her  comforting illusion, not to check his genitals, when she is forced to  privately make sure he is not lying about being a male.  We also meet a  couple of Lana's friends, John and Tom.  Tom and John are presented beyond  the murderers' scale - asdevices of utmost ignorance and ruthless monsters  of hell.  They seem not to have any goals in life; their only joy is  alcohol and hanging out with friends.  They are hostile and totally lack  manners.  But even so, Brandon tries to look up to them, for Tom and John  are the only male role models that are in his sight at the moment.   Brandon, though with faint bravery, participates in all the activities that  his new male friends do, tries to fit in within their male circle.  John  and Tom accept him at first, although consider him very fragile, weak, and  rather feminine, for Brandon is smooth-skinned, lean, and practically has  no visible muscles.  However, after learning about Brandon's true gender  from the police, they, in front of Lana's mother, cruelly bare Brandon of  his clothes from the waist down.  Lana, in terror and pain, swiftly covers  her eyes and walks out of the bathroom where Brandon is about to be  humiliated and his undefended flesh is to be exposed to everyone; she chose  not to see what was really there.  She wants to love the Brandon that she  met, and therefore does not allow anyone to destroy her sweet illusion.   The two ruthless, spiteful bastards, overjoyed with their inconceivable  discovery, drive Brandon to an old mill, brutally rape him, taking turns,  and beat him unconscious.  As it turns out, when Brandon is at the  police station, he was a virgin before the rape, and this violent  penetration caused a great deal of pain and bleeding for him.  The  questions that Brandon is asked by the police officers are obviously rather  painful to him and make him uncomfortable.  For he sits in the police  \\"torment room\\" with his arms crossed, tears pouring from his eyes, down the  bruised and swollen face; he looks violated and scared like a guinea pig.   When Brandon is bluntly asked why he dresses and acts like a member of the  opposite sex and what is it that he is going through, he squeezes through  clenched teeth and tears, \\"Gender identity crisis.\\"  This is probably the  first time that Brandon is forced to face and name his behavior.  It was  something that he did not want to discuss or look into, even in his mind.   He is stripped of his privacy, his integrity, and his human rights. At the  end, John and Tom do not let Brandon get away with this mischief and they  shoot him.  Indeed, we can bravely declare that Boys Don't Cry is not the  common \\"happy end\\" American movie that we are all so greatly accustomed to  - not that we are hungry for tragedy, but sometimes, we need reality, we  long to face the inescapable bitter truth.  Boys Don't Cry is based on a  true story and deals with real human issues of real people that don't  always live happily ever after...  Also, one of the many appealing virtues of  this movie is that not once does it mention the tiresome phrase, that has  become a clich, &quot;I am a man trapped in a woman's body.&quot; Personal  identity is what's particular about a person.  It includes those qualities  that distinguish one person from another and the consciousness of one's own  being or identity.  Everyone aims to be somewhat different from others, to  find some qualities within themselves that would make them unique.  And  yet, most people are horrified by others' shocking differences, and find  those people deviant.  Gender identity, in particular, is a crucially  important issue that concerns people of all ages today, and is especially  acute among adolescents and young adults.  Since identity is the feeling of  who you are, your individual perception of self, and gender refers to being  male or female, biologically belonging to a particular sexual category,  then gender identity would most correctly be defined as an individual's  perception of his/her gender, despite biological factors and social  concepts.  One's self-perception may not necessarily correlate with his/her  biological sexual organs.  It is a state of mind.  It cannot be judged or  ranked, for allof us are created equal, even if we are different from one  another.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|When I saw that Iron Maiden released a new record, I didn't think much of it.  I was a huge fan around the Somwhere In Time/Seventh Son era, but when they released No Prayer For The Dying, I was less than thrilled at what I  heard.  Fear Of The Dark left me even more indifferent.  After that, I just  stopped being interested in what they were doing, especially after I heard  that Bruce Dickinson left.  When I saw this new release, however, I was  immediately intrigued.  Not only has Bruce Dickinson returned, but Adrian  Smith as well.  I was still wondering if they still had the magic that  produced Somewhere In Time and Seventh Son Of A Seventh Son (the top two  Iron Maiden albums, in my humble opinion).  I went over to the new release  listening section to check out Brave New World, and was immediately  transported back to the late-80s Maiden that I know and love.  This album  could easily have come after Seventh Son, which begs the question, why  didn't it?  No matter, this album is a return to form for this band, and  quite a welcome one at that.  I can't even decide which tracks are the  best, because that would mean leaving some out of the list--in short, it is  all great!  Here's hoping they come to the Boston area for the tour,  because I have never seen them play (My momma wouldn't let me see them on  the Seventh Son tour 'cause she said I was too young-13 years old).   Congradulations to the band for what will most likely be the best metal  album of the year! (Eat your heart out Pantera...)  To all of you skeptical  fans/ex-fans: buy this one!   UP THE IRONS!
0441172717|3.0|Dune was pretty good, but I don't think it is the greatest book I've ever read. It started off well, but it seemed like the last part of the book was rushed with the author jumping over large periods of time.  I also had  difficulty finding any characters that I could really like. They all seemed  a little shifty.  I will probably eventually read the rest of the books to  see what happens, but I won't be rushing out to buy them.
B00003CXCS|5.0|It is a great way for families to spend time together and learn family  values. All the cast members did an excellent job.  I just got the movie a  couple days a go and if u see the tv and the originial version the original  verson is a whole lot better.
B00001OH7X|5.0|From what I've read, both David Bowie and Brian Eno were disappointed after they made this disk. They wanted something a little more creative and revolutionary. I'm not complaining because this is one of my most-listened  to cds.     Lodger could've been a bit more Eno-esque, but that really  doesn't bother me because it's still good music. &quot;Fantastic  Voyage&quot; is one of my favorite songs. &quot;Look Back in Anger&quot; is  filled with energy and it's sure to get you in a good mood.  &quot;Repetition&quot; is a criminally underrated song about an abusive  husband. The music in &quot;Repetition&quot; may sound a bit nauseating,  but after a couple listens, you'll realize that it is one of the more  brilliant songs that David has written.     Lodger isn't a disappointment  in any sort. It's music that is a little less creative than other Eno  collaborations, but it's still a classic that deserves no less than 5  stars.
6305077630|5.0|Leonard Maltin be damned, this is a great movie!  Chet is great, the 80's clothes are great, &quot;time to pay the fiddler!&quot;
0446310786|5.0|I had to read this book for an english class, and i had to read about 60 pages per night. It really is a fast moving book and it makes you want to keep reading and reading. Sometimes i didn't want to stop. Lee's detail was amazing, you could almost picture what was happening. It was just amazing!
0671004107|5.0|Contact is a great book that is completely satisfying in the end. I would not say that the plot is completely original but the themes are thought provoking.<br />Does intelligent life exist outside the earth? That is not a  controversy in this book because the book is one, fiction and second, SETI  is really just a setting for the greater theme of faith, expansion of the  mind, etc. It would be like arguing the historical accuracy of \\"War and  Peace\\" when the real theme is the growth and changing of the human  character.<br />Sagan challenges the reader to think out of our own limited  minds when dealing with expansive/infinite concepts like the universe or  even God.
0671042858|5.0|A spellbinding book that will keep you turning the pages. The book shows greatly in detail the changes a mind makes when you are alone in the dark miles and miles away from anyone and anything.<br />I could not stop reading  this book. I couldn't put the book down. This book was exhileraing and  action packed. All wilderness loving people this is your book.<br />This book  realliy goes into depth of the mechanics of the way a person thinks and how  they gradually go insane.
B00004RFFS|4.0|I loved it but had to knock off one star because of the changes, like the ending although I do admit I liked the last line &quot;Oh louis louis still wineing louis! Have you had enough I've had to listen to that for  centeries!&quot; I didn't like the inpliing that Danial becomes Lastat's  fedgling but hey. I didn't like Antonieo Bandaras's Armand, one of the  great things about Rice's Armand is that he was made so young, yet has  lived so long and convays such power. I think they should have cast someone  younger. Pitt's Louis was fantasic! and Dust as Cluadia was brillent!  Honestly Tom Cruise could have been better. The movie was great but readthe  book first there are so many great parts left out from the movie
B000001GBJ|5.0|A real treat for the ears and the soul. Uplifting, beautifully haunting, soothing, evocative, therapeutic, and mesmerizing.... This music has the power of setting off an enchanting journey to a world full of tranquillity  and peace. I have recommended this CD to friends and family who have also  enjoyed the wonderment.
6305903182|5.0|With every other horror trilogy i've seen, the first is okay, the second, gets worse, and by the third i forget why I ever took the time to watch any of them.  Scream 3 is different.  It is every bit as scary as the first  two, if not more and was definetly more funny.  Its probably my favorite of  the three, although the ending was kinda stupid, only the very ending.  I  have seen the collectors edition of Scream 1 with the director and writers  commentary and it was very interesting.  I only wish I had been more  careful and bought the collectors edition of the second.
0375707972|4.0|I will give you some good reasons why you should read this book.  <br />Although this is a book about the Holocaust, it is not primarily a book about the suffering of the Jews.  It is instead a book about the Germans  and, more importantly, the legacy of the Holocaust which has been left to a  new generation who have had to deal with the disturbing and sometimes cruel  knowledge of what their parents and loved ones may have done (or failed to  do) during the Nazi era.<br />When reading this book, I found myself wondering  what I would be like if I were a young modern German and had to deal with  the knowledge that my parents and grandparents did nothing to stop the  horror of those times or perhaps may have actively contributed to it.   Michael has the misfortune to fall in love with an older woman who was  complicit in a horrible crime.  The question that torments him is this; how  can I be a good, warm, loving person if the person I love more than any  other has done such a terrible thing?  The story of Hanna, and his own  inexplicable love and regard for her, haunts him throughout his life.   Michael's quest to understand why this should be so is the basis for much  of this subtly compelling book. <br />Perhaps it is the banality of Hanna's  secret - ie. that she is illiterate - that is the reason some reviewers  have felt disappointed by this book.   We are so used to stories of the  Holocaust such as &quot;Sophie's Choice&quot; where the magnitude of the  suffering seems to dwarf anything we could possibly imagine and if that is  the type of story you are looking for, &quot;The Reader&quot; will not  deliver that.  However, the value of this work is that it looks at another  aspect of the Holocaust, that is to say, the way in which young Germany has  had to try to come to terms with the crimes of the past.  This is an  interesting subject to me.   <br />If you do not want to read yet another  forumlaic book about those dreadful times, and if you want your mindto be  open to another perspective of the Holocaust, then I recommend that you  read this book.
0679746048|4.0|Susanna Kaysen, the main character and author of this book, simply went for a doctor's appointment one day and the doctor, not letting her know what was going on, shoved her in a taxi and sent her to Mclean Hosptial,  where her stay was about 2 years.  Through that year, she experienced many  new friends,yet problems, but also discovered new paths and a new way of  life which led her to a world of seeing the real Susanna.                       Susanna entered the mental hospital still having no idea why she was  there, but what she soon came to realize was that she was the most normal  one out of all that were staying there.  The hospital was a very strict  facility with locked everything.  There was no leaving the hospital except  for when the nurse would take 6 lucky patients to get ice cream, but that  was hardly ever.  Nurses checked on you every 10, 20, or 30 minutes,  depending on your behavior and diagnosis.  Susanna also had a therapist,  with whom she met weekly and told him about her problems and thoughts about  everything.  Susanna's diagnosis was something having to do with  depression, and even though she was in an environment full of friends like  Georgina, Lisa, and Cynthia, she felt out of place because they all had  seriuos problems and she didn't.  All the other characters made the book so  lively and humorous, even though it was talking about a serious issue.   Susanna was a big thinker and this book showed great analyzation of her  every thought.  It was so greatly analyzed that it not only taught her  something, but everyone reading the book.                                               What happens at the end of the book is for you to find out.   Don't miss reading Girl, Interrupted by Susanna Kaysen.  It shows such good  -real experiences and how some people just don't have life so easy as  others and how they deal with it so well.
B000000WZ4|5.0|First of all, I am a very avid fan of both Depeche Mode and Alan Wilder (as in his work both in DM and Recoil), so do not make the assumption that I am not aware of Wilder's contributions to DM's repertoire in the past. I  find him to be an impressive musical talent without whom DM probably could  not have survived. But now both Wilder and the band have progressed to the  point where they can now do things beyond anything they did together.  Second of all, this album is perhaps the most musically mature DM have ever  been, even including their previous two albums &quot;Violator&quot; and  &quot;Songs of Faith and Devotion.&quot; &quot;Ultra&quot; is the best  album DM have ever produced. Between Martin Gore's intelligent and  thoughtful songwriting, and David Gahan's soulful vocals (with some help  from Martin on a few songs), this collection of songs is the album that got  me into Depeche Mode and to this day remains my favorite.<br />-&quot;Barrel  of a Gun&quot;: The opening track is perhaps the most edgy, and ranks up  there with songs like &quot;I Feel You,&quot; and &quot;Rush.&quot; The  guitars are very raw and the rhythm is very pulsing. This song is the kind  of song to bang your head to in a goth club. The vocals punchy and  aggressive, this is one of DM's best singles.<br />-&quot;The Love  Thieves&quot;: Now this is a very sad and kinda jazzy song. It was featured  in the TV show &quot;La Femme Nikita&quot; and was used very expertly to  portray a brooding character. Very appropriate, and the song just fits  those moods of sad solitude. The kind of song to listen to after a bitter  breakup. It's sadness is the type that just might uplift your  spirits...<br />-&quot;Home&quot;: Beautiful is all I have to say about this  song. Martin's vocals are great, and the use of a string quartet to close  out the song adds that lovely ambience. A very pleasant and beautiful  song.<br />-&quot;It's No Good&quot;: The breakthrough single. When I first  heard this song, I at first thought DM was some brand new band with that  Zoo-TV image that U2 cultivate in the early '90's. Not too far off, except  this song revels in its dancehall beats and sonic darkness. This is the  song that started my obssession with DM, and it will forever remain my  second favorite song by them (next to &quot;Enjoy the  Silence&quot;).<br />-&quot;Useless&quot;: Tin Simenon's influence can be  heard especially on this track, as it is very reminiscent of Curve, another  band Tim has worked with. A great song.<br />-&quot;Sister of Night&quot;: Now  this song is a guilty pleasure. It is perhaps Gahan's best vocal  performance on the album, and ironically it is the last song he ever  performed while still under the influence of drugs. While it is wonderful  that his much publicized bout with heroin is over after this song, there is  still something to be said about the passion in his voice on this  song.<br />-&quot;Freestate&quot;: Another favorite of mine. The guitars are  very edgy, and the use of acoustic slide is just impressive. A very  underrated song that should've been a single.<br />-&quot;The Bottom  Line&quot;: Gore's other vocal on the album, and probably the closest DM  will ever get to recording a country song, and it's still based in their  distinguishably gothic synthesized style. A qunadary of a song, but still  worthy of DM's talents.<br />-&quot;Insight&quot;: The return of that gospel  sound that made &quot;Condemnation&quot; and &quot;Get Right With Me&quot;  great, trimmed down to an inspirational closer that ends the album on an  upnote towards DM's future without Wilder, without Gahan's drug problems,  and without the obstacles of arrogant youth. Only the clear road of musical  excellence and mature progression.<br />The instrumental breaks,  &quot;Uselink,&quot; &quot;Jazz Thieves,&quot; and the hidden track,  &quot;Junior Painkiller&quot; (which can be heard in it's full version as  the B-side to &quot;Barrel of a Gun&quot;) arereminiscent of the  interludes from &quot;Violator,&quot; but with that atmosphere that  surrounds this album with musical passion. &quot;Ultra&quot; is without a  doubt the best album DM have ever released, both in terms of the songs, the  music, and the band itself. This album is one of the best ever  produced...period. To those who miss Alan Wilder...listen to Recoil's  albums...they're also great, but don't think he made DM what it was. DM was  a combination of people, and when one person leaves, they readjust the  combination into something else...and that something else is this jewel of  an album. &quot;Ultra&quot; Cool!
B00000J7JO|5.0|Blood Sugar Sex Magic was an incredible disc, and they clearly missed their number one lead guitarist on their follow-up discs. But with John back in the fold and living up to his prodigy hype, this entire disc is  awesome. The band plays like a band that loves music and loves each other.   Each song is very tight and offers listeners something new.<br />If you are an  RHCP fan already, you'll agree that this is their best effort to date. If  you kinda like them and like the radio hits, you should buy the disc and  listen to what won't make it on the air. Each song is great. This is the  disc of the year and could be the first Appetite for Destruction of the new  millenium (i.e. if you don't own it, you aren't a real rock fan). Enjoy!
6305807086|5.0|You have never seen a movie quite like this. Innovative and original genre in its own right. Strange, lonely characters seek to find life fulfillment through the life of someone else - who is probably just as lonely  themselves.<br />None of the characters are immediately likeable, but their  antics will still make you laugh, cringe and shake your head. The advantage  to seeing this on DVD is that you can re-wind and make sure that you did  hear/see what you thought you just did hear/see. It is quite a hoot.<br />The  story is easily an allegory of co-dependence and how we seek to live our  lives through others because we are too afraid to live our own lives...  even to the point of abusing the ones we admire/love just to achieve the  fleeting fulfillment we are seeking.<br />While the film is doubtfully aiming  to actually teach anything about co-dependence, it still shows to what  extent one human being is willing to exploit another human being whether it  be for a fleeting thrill or because they are seeking lifetime fulfillment.  Andy Warhol said that, &quot;In the future, everybody will be famous for 15  minutes.&quot; This is taken a step further in that in this crazy flick,  anyone can be John Malkovich for 15 minutes... living like voyeur, seeing  what he sees and experiencing what he experiences.  The plot twists and  turns are far from predictable. And you'll probably have your jaw hanging  open during at least 50% of the film.
0425107469|5.0|This is the first Dean Koontz book I read. I have read every book by Kootnz since, but The Watchers will always be my favorite! Yes, the dog is why I love it so much.
0440224764|5.0|Hi! My name is Guadalupe Arroyo and I read the book The Partner. I give it five stars because it is a very interesting book that has a lot of torture and discais. At the beginning of the book it throws you a quantity of  characters that you don't know who is who. At the beginning I was confused  but after chapter two I could not put the book down. When they capture  Danilo the torture starts building up.  At the beginning of chapter  three and middle of chapter two you have your mouth open and you start  chewing your nails. The emotion you feel when they are touring Danilo is  very harsh and brute. You say how they torture a person like this, that is  not human. The unfairness of not believing him after the second level of  electrical shocks to the whole body, you can have you body all fried and  toasted from so much voltage received by your body and skin.  In my  opinion it is very harsh because people should not be tortured but should  be punished for their bad deeds. I will bring some religion into this  because we as humans don't have the right to punish other people. God is  the only one that should punish us for our bad deeds. We as people make  mistakes and are not perfect and also we sin which it is not fair for other  people that also make mistakes and get tortured and punished very harshly  for the same mistakes other people make. So I hope you read this book and  always have in mind that it is just a book.
0679746048|4.0|Susanna Kaysen, the main character and author of this book, simply went for a doctor's appointment one day and the doctor, not letting her know what was going on, shoved her in a taxi and sent her to Mclean Hosptial,  where her stay was about 2 years.  Through that year, she experienced many  new friends,yet problems, but also discovered new paths and a new way of  life which led her to a world of seeing the real Susanna.                       Susanna entered the mental hospital still having no idea why she was  there, but what she soon came to realize was that she was the most normal  one out of all that were staying there.  The hospital was a very strict  facility with locked everything.  There was no leaving the hospital except  for when the nurse would take 6 lucky patients to get ice cream, but that  was hardly ever.  Nurses checked on you every 10, 20, or 30 minutes,  depending on your behavior and diagnosis.  Susanna also had a therapist,  with whom she met weekly and told him about her problems and thoughts about  everything.  Susanna's diagnosis was something having to do with  depression, and even though she was in an environment full of friends like  Georgina, Lisa, and Cynthia, she felt out of place because they all had  seriuos problems and she didn't.  All the other characters made the book so  lively and humorous, even though it was talking about a serious issue.   Susanna was a big thinker and this book showed great analyzation of her  every thought.  It was so greatly analyzed that it not only taught her  something, but everyone reading the book.                                               What happens at the end of the book is for you to find out.   Don't miss reading Girl, Interrupted by Susanna Kaysen.  It shows such good  -real experiences and how some people just don't have life so easy as  others and how they deal with it so well.
B00003CX95|5.0|well, what can you say really. put the best movie team together along with a great cast, and what do you get, bam! you get &quot;the&quot; movie. i watched this with a friend in a theater, and i'll never forget that time,  the movie is just perfect. now i don't have a favorite movie, but if i were  to chose, this would probably be it. you have all the elements of a perfect  movie put together. love(romance), drama, comedy, and of course, war.  everything kept me glued to my seat.this movie goes down as a classic in my  record book. william wallace, played by mel gibson, is just the perfect  person to make a movie about. you have the childhood without a father, the  going away with a relative, the return, the killing of his love, the  revenge, and his death. it can't get any better than this. the movie  portrays one of the most brutal times in the history of europe.the fight  scenes were just the best, and i think everyone can agree with me on that  one, even saving private ryan's wasn't as good as the fight scenes here. so  let me steal a popular phrase, i give it two thumbs up, hell! i give it a  million thumbs up!
B00003Q43A|5.0|ONE OF THE BEST SUMMER-ADVENTURE FILMS OF THE 90'S.  IT SHOULD ONLY BE VIEWED AS MIND CANDY, AND A FUN RIDE.
B000002UB3|5.0|Most groups are creatively exhausted when they're more than a decade into their careers (ex. the Stones, Prince). But not the Beatles! It still amazes me that emotionally the group was busting at the seams, but they  still held on to make this masterpiece. <br />Now onto the music. This is the  only Beatles album in which Harrison's compositions are just as excellent  as Lennon and McCartney's. Even Ringo's song is excellent (now that IS  saying something)! Come Together is one of the finest rock songs ever  released. Because has some of the tightest harmonies ever recorded.  Something is one of the greatest love songs of all time. Most suites on  rock albums are unbelievably pretentious and boring (ex. pretty much every  progressive rock group). Yet side two of Abbey Road is so much fun that you  can easily forgive any of the bland suites and &quot;album statements&quot;  it inspired. Last, but certainly not least, there is Lennon, Harrison and  McCartney's triple guitar solo. WOW! What else can I say! No matter how  small your Beatles collection is, this one must be in it!
B00003CXBK|5.0|I saw this movie in the theatre and I have to say its the best anime i  ever seen.  I seen many films, but this one takes the cake.  The animation  is so detailed that you just have to appreciate the work that went into it.   The story and the action scenes are top notch.  I suggest if you only buy  one anime film that this would be the one.
0780620828|3.0|Spawn is great fun all the way.A movie that lets us suspend our beliefs.The special effects are cool and the fight scenes and action scenes are far out.It may not be oscar worthy,but hey,it's all in good fun.
B000002L6P|5.0|Madonna's 2nd Album Like A Virgin,it is one of those Albums that you never stop playing,it never gets Old &amp; you know every word in each song by Heart.Its Timeless. One of Madonna's Best ever
B000002BYD|5.0|what a good cd. yield is such a good cd. pearl jam has been alot into different sounds. they are so cool in there music. yield is one of there best cd's they ever made. nelson is my best friend and we both love pearl  jam ans yield. get this cd for some of the best pearl jam music ever.
B000002H33|5.0|Master of Puppets is Metallica's best.  Period.  Not only does this CD get me pumped every time I listen to it, but I'm just shocked at how creative some of the songs are.  Who would think to put a minute long soothing  guitar interlude in the middle of a pounding thrash metal song?  Listen to  the title track.  And some of the songs like Sanitarium and Orion really  show incredible musical talent.  My biggest complaint about Load and  ReLoad, is that they're just not soulful, just not creative or melodic, and  it sounds like they're just making an album to make some money (although I  know they're just experimenting).  You can really just hear and feel the  inspiration of every track on this CD.  Every track is very different, and  always keeps you interested.  My personal favorite is Battery, which is  also my favorite Metallica song.  Other very high points include the title  track, and disposable heroes.  An especially key point, is at the end of  Disposable Heroes when it sounds like it's ended, but then it suddenly  blasts full speed for a last 10 seconds.  It just really shows how driven  they are.  Trust me, if you're gonna buy a Metallica album, this is it.   It's AWESOME.
B000002KXV|5.0|If there is one album in the world I could not live without, it's this one.  Fagen is brilliant here, but without his usual biting cynicism.  That's not to say that this album is peppy, poppy or optimistic.  It's more  ironic and tongue-in-cheek, yet still a great listening experience.  I have  everything Steely Dan, Walter Becker and Fagen have recorded and it's all  terrific, five stars, yet for some reason this one stands head and  shoulders above the rest, so I guess it should get more than five stars.   This is probably preaching to the choir because all Steely Dan fans must  have this album, but if there are any out there who don't, buy it now.
B000002579|5.0|At first listen, this band sounds a bit like the typical 70's AOR band such as Journey, Styx, etc. However, upon further inspection (especially on this recording), some moments of actual genius are revealed. Seems the  chief song writer Kerry Livgren has the ability to connect to the same  universe Stevie Wonder lives in (though only sporadically).<br />Nevertheless,  this album is not only one of the two best from Kansas, it is also one of  the best from it's era. Tight perfomances, supported by quality material,  move this classic up a notch from many of it's contemporaries of the day.
0767903854|5.0|Outstanding travel book!  The closest you can get to touring Australia without actually going there.  Bill Bryson manges to touch all of your emotions and to get you totally involved with his adventure.  He has the  talent to make you laugh out loud with pure enjoyment.  A non-stop read  that leaves you looking forward to his next book.
B00004T8RK|2.0|After Pearl Jam's last album &quot;Yield&quot;, I could not wait to see what they were going to come up with next.  Music is changing fast these days.  Pearl Jam seemed liked they were going in a new direction, with a  new sound.  But that new direction stopped after I had finished listening  to &quot;Binaural&quot;.  I'm thankful that the first three tracks were so  short- they were horrible, nothing new, they just blended into old  alternative sounds that I felt like I had heard thousands of times over on  the radio.  I could go on forever about how much this was a let down-  especially after &quot;Yield&quot;- but instead I'll just tell you that it  isn't worth it.  The packaging is nothing special, not even close to that  which housed &quot;Vitalogy&quot; and &quot;No Code&quot;, and the only  song that was worth it was the quiet &quot;Soon Forget&quot; which is as  beautiful as they come, but only lasted about a minute and a half.  The  album just blends in with everything else and has made me not want to run  to the record store so fast the next time the new one comes out.  And where  did Jack Irons go?  He was a great drummer- anyway, save your money and if  you're just getting into Pearl Jam- go buy &quot;Yield&quot;, it shows off  their talent a whole lot better then this lousy album.
B000001GPX|5.0|The Fifth is almost certainly the best ever recorded.  I haven't heard every single recording, of course, but I've heard just about all of the most famous and frequently recommended ones, and this one is head and shoulders above the competition in my opinion.  Kleiber is often thought of  as a fast conductor, but he doesn't race the finale as many people do - he  allows the triumphant theme to shine in all its majesty.  The ending of the  first movement had an electric effect on me when I first heard it - he  takes no ritard whatsoever.  I don't know whether the score calls for one,  but I don't care - the unrelenting feeling he imparts to the music at that  point is indescribably powerful.  Be aware, however, that some people find  this performance too angry or grim.  Kleiber does not always savor the  sheer beauty of the music, but if he had done so it might have slackened  the spectacular urgency and exccitement of the performance.<br />In the  Seventh, Kleiber is still terrific, but perhaps not so clearly ahead of his  competitors.  My main quibble is that he has the violins play the last  phrase of the second movement pizzicato - and to my ears, the effect is  jarring.  Walter, Solti, and Muti deliver performances which can compete  with Kleiber's here - but this is incontestably a distinguished recording.   Having both of these performances on one CD for such a small price makes it a  no-brainer.  Buy it!
B000002JSR|1.0|All these songs are violently average with bad singing-but hey, it's Led Zeppelin,what else did you expect?
B00000JZC4|4.0|For those of you that are looking for another &quot;Hey Man Nice Shot&quot; from Filter on this CD, you will be disappointed.  Filter seemed to have shed their Nine Inch Nails sound from their first CD and opted for  the a straightforward alternative Rock CD.  To me this CD is more in the  vain of Foo Fighters with a harder edge.  In respect to Filter, this is a  strong CD with many good tracks.  If you are a fan of alternative/ newer  Rock, I would recommend this CD.  It rocks!
B00004T8RK|2.0|After Pearl Jam's last album &quot;Yield&quot;, I could not wait to see what they were going to come up with next.  Music is changing fast these days.  Pearl Jam seemed liked they were going in a new direction, with a  new sound.  But that new direction stopped after I had finished listening  to &quot;Binaural&quot;.  I'm thankful that the first three tracks were so  short- they were horrible, nothing new, they just blended into old  alternative sounds that I felt like I had heard thousands of times over on  the radio.  I could go on forever about how much this was a let down-  especially after &quot;Yield&quot;- but instead I'll just tell you that it  isn't worth it.  The packaging is nothing special, not even close to that  which housed &quot;Vitalogy&quot; and &quot;No Code&quot;, and the only  song that was worth it was the quiet &quot;Soon Forget&quot; which is as  beautiful as they come, but only lasted about a minute and a half.  The  album just blends in with everything else and has made me not want to run  to the record store so fast the next time the new one comes out.  And where  did Jack Irons go?  He was a great drummer- anyway, save your money and if  you're just getting into Pearl Jam- go buy &quot;Yield&quot;, it shows off  their talent a whole lot better then this lousy album.
B000001G5H|5.0|I have read critics who attack Pollini for a lack of feeling.  Frankly, I think Pollini is the only artist who has ever been criticized for being too good!  To compare these Etudes to just about any other performance is like  comparing the view of a beautiful landscape through a pane of crystal-clear  glass with the view through a window smeared with Vaseline.  The clarity  and articulation are breathtaking.  The other set with which I am most  familiar is Ashkenazy's - and he's no slouch.  But IMHO, Pollini simply  blows him away.
B000002KBA|4.0|I agree with people who say that this is better than Zep's first album.Actually I find all Zep's albums to be overrated. However it is NOT heavier than Sabbath's first- I haven't heard anything &quot;heavier&quot;  than some of early Sabbath.This album definitely gave a big boost to the  heavy metal genre, but surprisingly I think it's really the only heavy  metal album DP ever did the rest of their stuff being &quot;only&quot; hard  rock.
014028009X|4.0|She's a study in imperfection: overeating, excessive drinking, procrastination. She lacks sophistication, thrives on self improvement and obssesses over men. She's not Everywoman, but she is someone, who, in her  indelicate, calorie counting, wistful self is far more realistic than the  beautiful, together heroines of romance novels. She struggles with her  weight, just as a lot of women do--thinking herself fat when she isn't;  swears to diet and stop smoking, just as soon as she's finished her last  &quot;fag&quot;, her last &quot;Milk Tray&quot;; she craves after the hunk  at work in the manner of a junior high school girl. Her adventures are  funny and she is endearing because she is not perfect. Though she gripes  about married people's smugness, her focus is not primarily on finding a  man. All this is chronicled into a funny, fast read that shouldn't be taken  THAT seriously--enough to say she's giving women a bad name and blah blah  blah. It's just a book! And an enjoyable one.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This CD is the best album brought forth by Eminem.  It has a more real feeling to it.  &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Kim&quot; are by far the best two tracks on this CD.  I feel if Eminem sticks to this type of rap he will  go a long way.
6300182355|5.0|Flying blind on a rocket cycle?  If only Byron could have written such poetry.  I believe that Flash Gordon is the standard to which campy science fiction/ fantasy movies are judged upon today.  With the awful special  effects, mundane plot, the junior high drama club costumes, this movie is  an example of what happens when a movie studio writes a blank check to a  director and says go ahead.  This is usually the formula for disaster, but  not in this movie's case.  When Queen came on board with the soundtrack  that made soundtracks popular again, this movie jumped from another  Barbarella or Plan 9 from Outer Space to movie excellence.  The costumes!  The plot! The outragous chase scene in Ming's chamber with the  &quot;football&quot; and rousing musical sequence makes me want to go out  and buy this movie! I will! So should you!
B000002KET|5.0|I am a huge fan of the Ozzy era of Sabbath, and this album is probably my favourite.Ironically,although this album is probably the least &quot;heavy&quot; of the Sabbath albums,the songwriting is the most  impressive.Traditional Sabbath power is retained in the title track and  Killing Yourself to Live, while A National Acrobat and Who Are You have a  spacy, lilting sound to them.Sabbra Cadabra is both rocking and  eerie.Looking for Today is a catchy, almost happy song. A Spiral Architect  fluctuates between happiness and eeriness.Fluff is a bit of an  experiment-sometimes I like it, sometimes I don't.Overall this album is  very different from the uncomplicated sound of Master of Reality( an album  which I never liked all that much, although I'm in a minority I'm sure) and  in my opinion is Black Sabbath's masterpiece.I know everyone raves about  their favourite album and calls it a &quot;must have&quot; , but  &quot;Sabbath Bloody Sabbath&quot; IS a &quot;must have&quot; for heavy  rock fans.Even if you don't normally like heavy rock, give it a listen-you  might just be surprised.
B00003W8NM|4.0|David Fincher's &quot;Fight Club&quot; starts out as a satire on modern society, claiming how programmed and materialistic the world has become. Edward Norton stars as a white-collared worker, who's an insomniac and  feels is trapped in his dead-end job. Then one day, he meets Tyler Durden  (Brad Pitt) on the airplane supposedly as a &quot;single-serving  friend&quot;. He then talks to him, learns about where he's coming from,  then finds out that he is a mysterious fellow. He meets Tyler again and is  taken into a dangerous underworld, or cult, called the Fight Club, and  soon, finds out that he is trapped and cannot escape.       As said before,  the film starts out as a satire against society today. As the whole idea of  the Fight Club flourishes in the story, the film becomes a profile of  violence and the horrific side of human anger. Finally, one more surprising  turn is taken, and the film turns into a tightly wound psychological  thriller. The film exceeds at all these levels, but not fully so. The fatal  flaw was the ending. Of all the current David Fincher films I've seen, they  are excellent, toy with your mind, but are completely diminished because of  the poor ending. I found the ending in this film to be laughably bad and  utterly stupid. &quot;Seven&quot; was a great film, but was ruined by the  ending, as was &quot;The Game&quot;. Another problem with the film was that  there was too much of the Helena Bonhamn Carter character, Marla. Many  scenes with her could have been trimmed, because her character dragged the  film a bit. but the flaws were overpowered by a strong script, strong  characterizations, great acting and photography, and many great moments.  The idea of the fight club is inventive and highly fascinating. Edward  Norton plays his character with energy and belief, and never lets down.  This really shines on Brad Pitt as one of his greatest, if not, his  greatest job of acting, as the multi-dimensional god-like Tyler Durden.  Though thefilm takes many turns, the message still remains this:  anti-Society, as seen through a group of lost souls, who never had any  direction in life to go, were spat on and rejected from society, and could  not fit into the world.
B0000011N5|4.0|I am not generally a huge Donovan fan.  But, my mom has this scratchy album called &quot;For Little Ones&quot;, which is the second album of this set, that has always been ambrosia for me.  These are some of the best  lullabies and folk sonnets I have ever heard.  Donovan has a gift for  creating such lovely images with perfection of phrase.  That scratchy old  record has been dubbed to tape a thousand times, and the tape gets listened  to until you can only hear tape hiss.  It will be a real treat to hear them  in CD quality.  And a treasure that I just can't wait to share with my mom.   Now that's Magic!
1559408758|5.0|Spinal Tap remains one of legendary bands of the 70's and 80's, having provided us with a sound that resonates through to the present in the somewhat hamhanded aspirations of groups like Metallica and the rest of the  alternative music scene.  I feel lucky to have been able to follow Tufnel,  St. Hubbins, and the  tempestuously incomparable Smalls closely through  their early gigging in the LA clubs to the Stonehenge tour and beyond.   Absolutely noone displays the same raw sexual energy as Nigel rockin' on  &quot;Big Bottom&quot;, backed up by the tight background of David, Derek,  and the drummer.<br />My only regret is that, like Hendrix and the Beatles  before them, Spinal Tap had fallen prey to the destructive infighting,  backbiting, spontaneous combustion, and drug and alcohol indulgence that's  taken the bloom from so, so many rock super-groups of our time.  Luckily,  my thorough archive of records, remastered gold CDs, memorabilia, and THIS  DOCUMENTARY are my solace through a sometimes dark future of rank  imitators.<br />Long live Tap!
B000002C1X|1.0|Recently at my university we had a poll to see what students thought were the five most overrated bands in the history of rock and roll. These are the results.(1) Led Zeppelin (2)Pink Floyd (3)U2 (4) the Doors (5)Nirvana
0743200799|5.0|Mr. Krantz tells it like it is, the difficulties in running a space program on a very tight deadline to get a man to the moon.  This book does an excellent job of showing some of the effort that took to get Neal  Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin (plus others) to the Moon.  A must read!
0671042858|4.0|Stephen King's &quot;The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon&quot; is an attention-grabbing read that keeps you on your toes. The spine-chilling suspense keeps the pages turning. Trisha, the main character in the novel,  is a nine year old girl who constantly drifts off into her own world where  the consistent fighting between her brother Pete and her newly-divorced  mother seems to disappear. One Saturday, while on an innocent walk with her  family, Trisha drifts off and becomes separated from her mother and  brother. What happens to her in the following days is enough to keep the  suspense alive. A main issue in the story is that of Trisha feeling alone.  Her father was an alcoholic and she has always felt so separated from  everyone else in her family. Reading this made me think about what it would  be like to be alone, and feel so isolated from everyone else. King uses a  great amount of detail in describing events and occurances in the novel,  and it makes the story behind all of the description, all the more  interesting. This novel is excellent for readers who enjoy suspense and  frightening excitement. I loved reading this book and I very highly  recommend it.
0446677450|5.0|As I went through Rich Dad Poor Dad, I saw -- almost immediately -- what I've been doing wrong these last few years.  The &quot;rat race&quot; Kiyosaki described was almost completely descriptive of situations I've  experienced in recent years.  Now I understand the true definitions of  assets and liabilities (the definitions your bankers, teachers and  politicians don't tell you), and I have begun to make a change in my  investment strategies.  I am a lot wiser for reading Rich Dad Poor Dad.
0679746048|4.0|I found the book, Girl Interrupted, to be very interesting. It was amazing to see what somebody actually goes through when they go to a psychiatric hospital. One of my favrote parts in this book was when Susanna talks about  her suicide because people actually do it. It shows us, the readers,  peoples motives on why they would do it. Everything that Susanna did lead  her to suicide. She did not want to write a history paper, so she knew that  commiting suicide would make her problem go away. On the other hand she  said, &quot;I liked that movie - maybe I shouldn't kill myself.&quot; For  some people, the smallest things will kill them. After Susanna took the  fifty aspirin to kill herself she knew that wasn't what she wanted - then  she was sent to the psychiatric hopspital.  I also liked this book a lot  because of the characters. Even though they were not made up they were  interesting and very different. Lisa was very outspoken. She did whatever  she wanted because the nurses let her. They knew that she would run away.  She made fun of all the people in the hospital. Daisy was very different  though, she was crazy. All she wanted were laxatives and chicken which she  would pick apart. Susanna seemed very normal and did not deserve to be  there. She made one little mistake and found herself in the hospital.  I  would request this book to anybody because it enlightens people. It will  show you that even the most normal people can wind up in a psychiatric  hospital. Also it was writen very beautifully. The details were incredible.  I felt like I was in the hospital with them.
B00003CXDV|4.0|When the previews for this movie came out, I wasn't interested.  It looked like it was going to be a dumb spoof of Star Trek.  Luckily, I decided to see it anyway, because it is an excellent comedy.  I believe Star Trek fans  will get the most enjoyment out of it (particularly fans of the Original  Star Trek).  Some of my friends who don't watch Star Trek felt it was too  slow and didn't get many of the jokes.<br />The video quality on this DVD is  stunning.  Dreamworks is quickly becoming one of the better studios in  terms of DVD quality.  I could not see any real flaws in this transfer.   The sound quality is good as well.  Unfortunately I picked up the Dolby  Digital release instead of the DTS release.  If you have the equiptment,  pick up the DTS release.<br />There are a few extras on the disk, including  some interesting deleted scenes and a making-of documentary.  The Thermian  audio track is funny...for about 10 minutes.  I couldn't watch the whole  movie with all that screeching.  I only wish the cast and/or director had  done a commentary on this film.  I would have appreciated their incites  into the comedy/spoof genre.<br />Bottom Line - If you are a fan of comedy and  Star Trek, you MUST watch this movie.  Not only is the plot good, but the  DVD is top notch as well.
0780627024|4.0|original form.  That is one of the many underlying premises of this fine  film.<br />The greatest accomplishment however is how this film so subtly  addressed the paranoia, pettyness, ignorance, and limiting nature of Racism  itself.  Brilliantly done!<br />The film promotes the value of free expression  in it's many forms be they artistic, sexual, societal, intellectual... the  list goes on and on.  <br />So philosophically and creatively I have to rate  the film as one of the better films i've seen.  But I can only give the  film 4 stars because it is not the most entertaining of films.  Despite  credible performances from all the players the fabulous cinematography and  imagery and of particular note the direction of the film is superb the film  doesn't succeed in drawing you into the experience.  With some movies you  almost have the feeling like you are there, in the film, watching it as it  happens.  No such luck with this one.<br />So it's definitely worth a look for  enlightenment but not necessarily for entertainment.
0194314227|5.0|I have been using it since 1989, and since then my English become better, I just love it!
0375703764|5.0|This book messed with my head. When I wasn't reading it, I was thinking about. When I was reading it, I couldn't concentrate on anything else. This book dug it's claws into me, no joke. Not for the conventional or faint of  heart. People who have lost their fear of adventure need not apply. Are you  at an age where new and interesting ideas scare you? You wont like this  book. Don't like thinking outside the lines? You won't like this book. Like  to challenge yourself? YOU'LL LOVE THIS BOOK.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I find Eminem to be one of the coolest rappers out there! People are often offended by his lyrics but I must say, 99% of what he says is true. Listen to the lyrics to the song &quot;Who Knew&quot;. He makes some pretty decent  points. I think if you listen to this CD with an open mind you will realize  that he is only trying to SELL A RECORD, he doesn't mean any harm! You will  also realize that he is unbelieveably funny and I guarantee that will get a  kick out of all his songs! ... keep up the good work eminem! Mathers, &quot;Bitch Please II&quot;  (featuring Dr. Dre, Nate Dogg, Snoop Dogg and Xzibit), &quot;Under The  Influence&quot; and &quot;Criminal&quot;.  If you like funny lyrics,  original hiphop, heavy beats or just like originality: YOU HAVE TO OWN IT.  If you don't like those things: BUY IT ANYWAY.
B00000JCOV|2.0|ok...Believe me..i tried to like this cd but there was no appeal whatsoever..The lead singer (no clue wut his name is) has the gift to sing..but he uses it in the wrong ways...he CONSTANTLY yells lyrics at u in  a voice that Jon Davis uses just a few times in a song and doesnt overdue  it like this guy did.  This gets old and this yelling makes all the songs  sound the same.  &quot;wait and Bleed&quot; for instance...the beginning  was so awesome!...but then the yelling came in which made me have to stop  it. I know there are a lotta u ppl that like this type of music...but i  dont..its just 9 masked guys that dont know what else to do with their  lives then to play music that lyrically doesnt make much sense and pounding  to make the moshpitters proud.  Its a big gimmick...and maybe if they lost  those Halloween masks.... and dropped a couple too many drummers and  guitarists and set the frontman straight to actually sing like a normal  person  then they wouldnt be too bad....in the meantime....they have  totally lost it.  In my book they are just another band in the  &quot;worthless classics&quot; section...but if u like that stuff go for  it...some ppl may like gettin yelled at... I think if u like Korn...u may  or may not like this...depends on your temperment...If u like the  metal/grunge blend...which has a couple more laid back songs..go for  Staind...Staind at least has the RIGHT number of band members...lyrics that  are touching...and a frontman that knows how to use his voice in the right  way.  So go for what u feel is right...I am not stopping you..I am just  guiding you of which path u wanna take....The choice is yours.
B00002Z88D|5.0|i liked the new versoins of the bell tolls and master better than the old versions
B00000IAU3|5.0|I began to listen to this CD when the song &quot;Here with Me&quot; played as the theme music for the TV show Roswell. But after listening to this CD I now know what a truely captivating and talented singer Dido really is.  Hey....she must be doing something right, ENIMEM uses one of her songs as  background music for the hit &quot;STAN&quot; on his new Album, and it  seems like EMINEM isn't very easy to please. So two thums up to Dido!
B00002E285|5.0|I read the above reviews and was shocked by the stupidity of those who watched it, clearly they did not understand the meaning of the video, if you look and see why he did it, you'd find out it's not what you thought,  it is an excellent portrait of what our society is becoming. (note this  doesn't go for those who gave it a good review.) the artistry was excellent  for the day it was done, unfortunatley there isn't really anything to  campare it with. due to the times, if you watch it sit back and enjoy, the  music tells the story, and what it means to live as a superstar in a world  thats goes mad when they see you to often we forget they are people too.   over all i think this is a great classic movie. i recomend you disregaurd  those two horrible reviews and judge it for your self, remember it's only  opinions
0380002930|5.0|I read this book year's ago when I was a sophomore in High School. It was so good, I made my younger sister read it so I had someone to discuss it with over the summer. We even memorized the &quot;rabbit's language&quot;  to use as code against our older sister.<br />I was delighted when my  daughter told me it was on her 8th grade required summer reading. The book  is a bit difficult for the reader to get into at first, but once you start  reading you are totally captivated by the characters. You will laugh, cry  and cheer the main characters.<br />A must read for anyone from 12 to 200!  Read it and share it with all your &quot;book buddies&quot;. You might  actually be disappointed to say goodbye to the characters at the end of the  book.
B00004RFCM|5.0|I just love it...Can't wait till the second season DVDs are out :-)
B000002P2V|4.0|It is in poor taste for somebody to only credit this album with the title track.  &quot;Who are You&quot; was not by any means a celebrated album by arguably the greatest rock and roll band in the world.  Although many  people believe that this album is strictly for &quot;die-hard&quot; fans of  the group, there is an argument to that.  I will readily admit that this  project is not the group's finest work, however, one thing that is certain  is this: &quot;Who are You&quot; might be The Who's greatest lyrical album.   Put your feelings aside and listen to the deep tracks off of this album.   &quot;New Song&quot; is a phenominal example of what the Who stood for, as  was &quot;The Music Must Change.&quot;  The Who were a prime example of how  a musical group mature's over time.  In the earlier years they went with  lyrics such as 'I hope I die before I get old,' to a more philisophical  approach such as the line: 'And the high must rise from the low,' off of  &quot;My Generation&quot; and &quot;The Music Must Change&quot; in that  order.  To sum up this period of the band, there were a few flaws that  contort the album such as the overutilization of the synthesizer, (However,  it is important to note that in 1978, the synthesizer was very well  respected and popular) and the vain effort of failing Keith Moon.  But as a  whole, The Who improved lyrically with age, which is very evident in  &quot;Who Are You.&quot;  If you don't believe me, wipe the dust off and  throw it on.
6304411448|5.0|Enter the world of imagination through a guy's point of view, who sees the world in a whole new way.  Meet Sam, (Jonny Depp).  Been &amp; Joon's new &quot;cousin,&quot; Joon had got in the game of poker.  They meet Sam, only  they don't know that he's some what different from all of the rest of them.   He's creative, and not afraid of anyone who messes with him.  This movie,  when I first watched, I thought of how wonderful these actors can play such  moving characters.  Especially Mary Stuart Masterson, and Johnny Depp.   &quot;Benny &amp; Joon&quot; is a movie for everyone.  If you love Depp's  movies, then you gotta see &quot;Benny &amp; Joon.&quot; Such another  outstanding, successful, performance by all the characters in this movie.   Wonderful! Wonderul! Wonderful!
0671027344|4.0|An excellent book about a teenage boy and his experiences in life living on the edge. Read about the boys experiences about parties, drugs, and his own sexual experiences. I recommend this book to any teenager that can  relate to party life and enjoy reading books in journal form. I'm not a  regular reader and I enjoyed this book tremendously even though I am not an  avid reader, but Steven Chbosky delivers a choc full of excitement in this  story. So if you are a teenager I strongly suggest that you order a copy of  &quot;The Perks of Being a Wallflower&quot; right now.
B00004T8RK|1.0|i know im probably the only 1 star review so im gonna get bashed but i simply do not like this album. i wasnt a fan of no code or yield either and if you dont like those albums you wont like binarual. i was a big fan of  ten and v.s but i just dont like the new pearl jam sound. no i am not a  kornfan or kidrock posuer  im more on the hardrock/metal side (metallica,  nirvana) but i have one ? for pearl jam fans- what would be so bad about  another album like ten? it has great guitar solos as shown in alive and  emotional songs like black. to me binarual is just simply boring.  breakerfall and insignifigance are pretty good but to me the rest of the  songs fail to delvier. nothing as it seems makes me fall asleep and soon  forgot, well eddie vedder plays a ukule. but if your not a fan of the new  pearl jam do not buy this album. youll wish you never did
0783217048|4.0|Just actually got done seeing it and thought it was quite cute.  It's amazing to see what a touch of lipstick and some sexy underwear will to do actors Westley Snipes, Patrick Swayze, and John Lequizamo.  Kudos to John  Lequizamo, who made quite a convicing (and at sometimes, too convincing)  Latina.  :O)  Also, I was supprised to see cameos with Stockard Channing  (YAY!) and even more so, red-neck Tommy (AKA Michael Vartan--the oh so sexy  teacher off of Never Been Kissed)!  Overall, very humerous tale!  GO SEE IT  IF YOU HAVEN'T!
0792842723|5.0|This movie is the best.  If you like shooting, but not gore this movie is what you should watch.  One of the best Bond movies ever made.  You can watch it a thousand times and never get tired of it.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I just heard them on 54th Street West they are awesome to say the least..had to have to cd. The sounds send me. The mix of hip-hop and fusion rock is not to be believed...totally to be had. My personal favorite  &quot;Natural Blues&quot; brought me out. They're fresh and I'm 46 babies  hear them.
0783219172|4.0|I loved the movie but I found that it wasn't as heartwarming and funny as the first Lion King movie.  I felt like some of the characters in the second movie didn't coincide with the original characters.  It was a joyful  moment to see a female lioness making her way into the new world order of  lions.
B00003CWTH|1.0|Maybe I'm just one of the mindless masses. Maybe I'm just not a &quot;real&quot; music fan.  Maybe I don't read the Bible enough.  Maybe my favorite # is 5, so 82 means nothing to me.  Maybe frogs just scare the  living hell out of me.  Maybe the movie theater wasn't ventilated well  enough and the 6'6&quot; bald guy in front of me chewing on his ice,  blocking my view for 3 hours made me lose my usual Siskelian like focus  while watching this movie.  <br />Or maybe......this is just one stupid movie!   Are you people out of your MINDS?  The only good thing to come out of this  movie was the soundtrack--THAT'S where your message is!  Stop trying to  read into directors' minds--oooh, what was he SAYING in this scene?  To  enjoy this movie, you needed to be high on drugs.  I don't do drugs.  Or  maybe I should start, since I just didn't freakin get it. This movie made  me feel all gooey--like frog glop on a windshield.
B000001E3V|5.0|If ever an album deserved 5 stars, this is the one. From the opening riff of &quot;Got to Get Better...&quot; to the last lick of &quot;Crossroads&quot;, this two CD set is truly magical. I can't write  anything any better than has already been written in the previous reviews,  but I did want to say this compilation is well worth the price for the true  Rock and Roll fan- not just a Clapton fan. The sound quality is fantastic  for something recorded almost 30 years ago.
0784011796|5.0|Pi is a tense and thought-provoking (in a good way) movie about a man's obsessive quest to decipher pi and his subsequent discoveries of strange patterns (which he hopes to figure out) in everything from the stock market  to the torah.  Sean Gullette delivers a frenetic performance as Max Cohen,  a brilliant, antisocial, and deeply paranoid mathematician.  Max is a  fascinating character and his story was absorbing.  Shot in black and white  with awesome camera work and some truly bizzare and disturbing scenes, this  is a visually compelling movie as well.  If you're looking for something  weird and off-the-beaten-path, check Pi out.
0316777722|4.0|I was a bit disappointed in this book, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't read it. David's worst book is funnier than anyone else's best. The trouble is just that anyone who's already been introduced to the Sedaris family in  Naked will find the first half of the book a bit of a rehash. The parts  about Amy are great, though, especially Shiner Like a Diamond, which was  the least glib and most hilariously absurd piece in the book. But is that a  testament to David's writing or Amy's twisted fat-suit-wearing antics? She  might be the biggest genius of the family.  The parts about mangled french  are pretty funny, with David putting a semi-fresh spin on one of the oldest  jokes around: miscommunication. As always he's funnier when he's  criticizing everyone around him than when he's trying to make a point or be  cute. But who am I trying to kid: I would buy a grocery list if it was  written by David Sedaris.
B00004R99J|1.0|I enjoyed the Pocahontas movie, but do not rate it as highly as the other recent Disney animated movies. I don't think it is as important for Disney to stick to the exact storyline as it is to tell an interesting story. <br />I  agree with endder of San Francisco. The video transfer to DVD is terrible.  The picture looked very grainy, especially when compared to other Disney  DVD movies. When viewed on an enhanced widescreen TV, there was a lot of  shadowing. The video still looked better than the VHS version, but not by  much. I agree it might be better to wait for a new release before  purchasing. Better to rent first.
0790729628|4.0|This is a review with 3.75 stars, but I rounded up for lack of incremental stars.<br />First off, let me mention who this review is aimed at specifically.  It's mainly aimed at people like me, avid readers and  watchers of SF, Fantasy, Anime, and specifically cerebral anime.  (Cerebral  anime is anime which is often more of a social statement than a narrative,  ie. Serial Experiments - Lain.)  If you're used to cerebral anime, Blade  Runner is a walk in the park.  I really don't understand the complaints  about ambiguity -- I saw none in the Director's Cut.  I have never seen the  original, but I presume from all the comments that it is the typical  Hollywood-geared plot with a happy ending.<br />After watching the Director's  Cut, I don't think I want to see the original.  It would ruin the artistic  beauty and intellectual aspects of the movie that I enjoyed during my first  viewing.  Most cerebral anime has to be watched multiple times to gain an  understanding of the social and intellectual arguments.  Blade Runner is  clear-cut to those who are used to ambiguous plots and characters.  That  doesn't detract from its multiple viewing aspects, however...<br />As a movie,  Blade Runner is a masterpiece of dark SF.  I had always heard &quot;Blade  Runner inspired&quot; when I saw something Dark SF, but I had never  understood it until now.  The dark cityscape of future LA is enthralling to  me, and I just wish I could find more movies/anime that could create the  dark, sullen mood that Blade Runner created for me.<br />The movie still  contains some Hollywood-esque moments that do little to further the  artistic quality of the movie.  But they do not necessarily detract  either.<br />The visual effects of the movie are gorgeous for a film made in  1991.  The sound quality of the DVD was a little bland, but I presume it is  because of the sound technology at the time the movie was made.
0345423496|3.0|As usual for Clarke, the science is pretty good.  Unfortunately, there's so much time spent dropping names of famous scientists, events, etc, that it's distracting.  By analogy, could we discern between the important  people at the end of the 10th century as opposed to those in the 9th or  11th?  Of course, not, unless you're a professor of history specialising in  that time period.  There is such a character in 3001, but it seems tacked  on.  More interesting is the subplot with the monolith and the contact with  Dave/Hal.  <br />Sure, there are incosistencies, as pointed out by others, but  none so major as the Saturn/Jupiter shift between 2001 and 2010 (i.e. 2010  is a sequel to 2001 the movie, not 2001 the book), but, like Asimov, Clarke  never lets a little thing like continuity get in the way of writing a story  the way he thinks it should be written at the time he's writing it.  That  he's forthcoming and honest about it makes me tend to ignore it.<br />Looking  at the total of the story at the end, you can't help but feel a little  nostalgia for this particular little universe Clarke has created.  While  not up to the standards of 2001 and 2010, I don't think it would suffer a  comparison with 2061.  It really is time for this storyline to terminate,  and I am encouraged that he's called this one the Final Odyssey.
B00003W8NM|5.0|If you think this movie is just about/advocating violence, anarchy, and nihilism then you can't take a joke. I liked it because the cinematography was slick and got me thinking about a thing or two. It's too long to watch  all at once because there is so much talking. Better to watch in slices.
B00004SCX6|2.0|She can dance and perhaps sing, but she's only for serious fans of teen pop.
B000002U82|5.0|Hence the title....need I say more?
6302769051|5.0|The best Western I've seen.  Not just for Eastwood, but of all of them.  I've read some negative reviews from people who sound as though they expect nothing less than 10 bodies piled up in the first five minutes of a Clint  Eastwood film.  Not that there's anything wrong with that mind you, but  it's apparent that Clint Eastwood's films have come to full maturity.  I  guess it would be foolish to expect the same of some of his viewers...
6305064490|5.0|What to say? I have a Masters in Communications/Film/Rhetorical Analysis. I've studied enough films from a rhetorical/ideological perspective for three lifetimes. And I still would rather watch 'It's A Wonderful Life'  than 'Citizen Kane' or any other 'intellectually-chic' bore. That's  because, when it's all said and done, life is not what you know or own or  have done.  Rather, life is about WHO YOU ARE AND HAVE BECOME and WHO'S  LIFE YOU HAVE CHANGED FOR THE POSITIVE. And 'It's A Wonderful Life' is all  about that 'non-intellectual stuff' that 'critics' love to bash because  deep-down they crave what the movie speaks about more than the air they  breathe. Must I say more?
0441003257|5.0|I have been reading this novel during bustrips to my work every morning, and at the end I was know by busdrivers as the girl who laughed all the time. I think I got on their nerves :)  I am now going to buy about 25  copies and give them to the people that I knwo, really EVERYONE should have  one. I like the useual Terry Pratchett stuff, but not too much, as it's a  little too light and happy for my taste. But THIS is the perfect  combination between Mr. Pratchetts wonderful sense of humour and Mr.  Gaimans delicious dark style. It's great, and I definitely want to marry  Crowley!
B00004SE2Y|3.0|Take a look at the inside cover and look at the publishing companies. Its nice to see that Britney has no more of a creative bone in her body than to wear what the company tells her to and sing what they tell her to. She did  not write one song! Like BSB and Nsync there is no creativity  anymore.<br />What makes things worse was the fact that she lipsyncs in  concert. What is the entertainment world coming to? I would second guess  this purchase. Definately not worth 2X the price for 3 extra songs. They're  not that great. Even if someone else did write them.
B00003Q438|3.0|&quot;The Abyss&quot; seems like Cameron's &quot;I'm a Great Director&quot; turn. The trademark Cameron stuff - great stunts, stunning set design and visual effects, appealing characters - is all there, and  much of it works as it should.<br />In particular, the &quot;drowning&quot;  sequence, the fight between the underwater submarines, the trip to the  downed Navy sub, and the visually stunning &quot;trip to the bottom of the  sea&quot; sequence, all work exceptionally well, and are quite  memorable.<br />But other things don't work so well. Witness the preachy,  silly sequence in which the undersea creatures are going to destroy the  world because us silly humans can't get along. Cameron doesn't answer a  simple question: why would they care? Humans are no threat to them, and  quite frankly, any race that threatens genocide against another isn't much  of a race to be admired in my book.<br />And while Cameron is to be admired  for putting so much character development into what is essentially a summer  blockbuster, the characters are actually OVER-developed. The relationship  between Ed Harris' and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio's characters, for  example, is shown in such painful detail up front that you just KNOW  they'll get back together. Personally, I thought it would have been more  satisfying for them to learn to get along before they fell back in love.  And instead of having Harris and Mastrantonio hook up at the end, why not  have the aliens give us a clue as to why they saved us from  destruction?<br />Overall, &quot;The Abyss&quot; is worth watching for the  brilliant, groundbreaking visuals, but ultimately, the preachy, kissy-kissy  ending and overdeveloped Harris/Mastrantonio relationship really detract  from what could have been a VERY wondrous film experience.<br />Note on the  DVD: because of the excellent sound/picture quality, and all the extras  that come with it, this is a good choice if you're starting your  collection.
B000002UB3|5.0|This is not so much a review as a stat-padding. For some reason the average for Abbey Road is only 4-1/2 stars. This album is one of the greatest of any kind ever put to vinyl, and its 5-star rating should never  be challenged. If you've never heard it all, get it. If you know it  already, but you don't have a copy, you know what you're missing: get it.
B000001EQT|5.0|Marc Bolan could do no wrong when he released &quot;The Slider&quot; back in '72.  At the peak of his game, he loaded each track with his sense of personal style and the results were magic. The sheer feel of ecstatic  charisma which shines through the uplifting anthems on display is enough to  boost the album to classic status, but it's far more than that: it's also  one of the most coherent and complex attempts at self-mythologization in  rock history.  Bolan's character, both in real life and on record, was that  of an ex-mod, ex-hippie turned  electric glam wizard, with a seductively  androgenous sense of sexuality and invested with the core spirit of  rock'n'roll.  Although the music on &quot;The Slider&quot; was unashamedly  commercial pop-rock--filled to the brim with meaty guitar riffs, catchy,  circular choruses and an intoxicating production utilizing swirling strings  and falsetto backing vocals--there is also a sense of artistic achievement  both in the surrealist lyrics and the overall sequencing and construction  of the album.  The results  were a work which effortlessly blurred the line  between camp and quality, trash and artistic ambition, pretense and  soul-baring, spontaneous hippie sentiment and calculated glam moves which  no other act at the time came close to emulating (though many tried).  By  examining himself through so many different angles, Bolan was able to  sketch a portrait of himself that was ironically so detailed that it left  him an enigma.  For many listeners, Bolan *was* the &quot;metal guru&quot;  who joined the spiritual wisdom of the past with the metallic rock energy  of the present, and time has not dimished that lustre in the least.
B00000IPAX|4.0|This CD is great because it has no highs and lows.  None of the songs over shadow the others and none are so bad you skip them.  I don't know whether the terms &quot;punk&quot; or &quot;rock&quot; apply to music anymore but  if you like three guys who play about 10 different chords at a pretty quick  tempo, then you'll like this CD.
B000005ALP|5.0|This is quite a remarkable CD. In places, it captures the same bleak mood of Lou Reed's &quot;Berlin&quot; though the subject matter is completely different. Musically there are some similarities too in that many of the  songs are more like poems read out to music.<br />If you are going to present  something like that, you need strong lyrics and the ones here are certainly  up to it. In particular, &quot;Susan's House&quot;, &quot;Beautiful  Freak&quot;, &quot;Flower&quot;, &quot;Guest List&quot;, and  &quot;Spunky&quot;.<br />Musically, Eels have a lot to say, this album is very  original and creative. It's well worth a listen.
B00000DC7J|5.0|This is a very odd CD recommended only for those with an adventurous spirit.  If you like to hear sounds, rhythms and syncopation that is new, exciting and not formulaic, you just might love this CD as much as I do.   It's extremely moving -- sexy-sad, euphoric-high, and dreamladen . . .
B000006TRV|5.0|This remastered version of the wall has it all. All the great songs everybody loves, plus they all sound much clearer than on the other wall recordings. Even if you don't like Floyd or the Wall get it for In the  Flesh(question mark, and no question mark) Another Brick in the Wall 1-2,  Run like Hell, Com. Numb, and especially the Trial. Wait till you see the  Trial in the movie! All in all a very good remastered classic.
6304696566|5.0|It is sad to see people so quickly label a truly great movie without possessing a knowledge of history or the intent of the film maker. The whole point of this movie was to show how bigotry warps a man to the point  that he cannot co-exist with other people. John Wayne's character is left  alone to drift at the end of the movie because he cannot adapt to the  &quot;confines&quot; of society.  As to embattled Native Americans not  kidnapping whites, apparently a prior reviewer has never heard of Quanah  Parker, a famous, great warrior chief, who happened to be half-white. His  mother had been taken captive by Indians.
B00003CWRX|5.0|I just have to say that everything Russell Crowe is in turns to gold.  The praise doesn't stop there, Al Pacino is in this movie, and he's always great, and this movie was directed by Michael Mann, the same director of  Heat (with Al Pacino, and the wife...) which was also an excellent movie.   A friend told me he didn't want to see this movie because it was about  smoking.  It is certainly not about smoking I told him.  It's so much more  than simply &quot;about smoking&quot;.  Throughout the movie you really  start to feel for Crowe who gets screwed for doing the right thing.  Anyways, even if you don't buy this movie, I definitely recommend you spend  the ~$3 to rent it ~Bill Moller
0767903854|5.0|I agree with Nathan Joyce from Brisbane - particularly his closing statement. In simple terms: If you are not living in Australia you are camping out.
B000002UB3|5.0|There is no doubt in my mind: Abbey Road is the best album from the best band of all time. From the captivating sound of the opening song- &quot;Come Together&quot;, to the sweetness of George (the COOLEST Beatle  by far) Harrisons &quot;Something&quot; and &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot;  to the stunning eloquence of &quot;The End&quot;, This album is pure  Heaven.      Also, this album has my personal favorite song on it:  &quot;Oh, Darling&quot;. When Sir Paul hits those high notes, it's just the  coolest. Ringo's playfulness in &quot;Octopus's Garden&quot;, augmented  with the amazing intensity of &quot;I Want You (She's so Heavy)&quot;,  makes for MY listening pleasure.      If anyone disagrees with my review,  please do e-mail me at AdiGoddess@aol.com, and I will be more than  delighted to debate, and, eventually, straighten you out.
B000003TAW|5.0|I first got this album in '95 when i was about 10 years old and i liked the style of music because it was what my older brother listened to, but i liked weezer alot so i bought my own copy on tape. Since then i got myself  a CD player and i was thinking of some cd's to buy one day and decided to  pick up Weezer, and let me tell you i have never regretted it. I love this  CD and every song on it i can't really pick a favorite, i especially like  Buddy Holly, &amp; Surf Wax America, but the rest of the cd is great too no  fillers on the whole cd! it's a must buy for anyone with a cd player!
B00003W8NM|5.0|David Fincher squeezes the maximum out of the cinematic medium in the briliant take on Palahniuks novel. Although Pitt, Norton and Bonham-Carter all perform top-notch, Fincher is the true star here. <br />Both  cinematography and music are the tops, a true blend of the mediums, forming  a beautiful visual surface. However, all this eye-candy are matched by the  excellent and mindtwisting content. A true cinematic accomplishment.<br />I  saw this film three times in the cinema, and it still left a thirst for  more. In contradicition to what the film preaches, I recommend you to get  the DVD, the soundtrack and the book (not the t-shirt though).
B00003CX95|5.0|The many other critics on this board have done enough justice to this magnificent epic, so all I guess I can do is give it 5 STARS, and agree with the vast majority.  <br />This is an excellent work by Mel Gibson,  involving superb acting, and amazing action (battle) sequences.
B00002Z88D|5.0|this cd is awesome.i like how the combine the metallica atmosphere with the orchestra atmosphere.i also liked in master of puppets they gave the solo that kirk had to a trumpet
B000003TA4|3.0|Thi slabum has a few good songs on it Lithium andSmells Like Teen Spirit. But this is not the best album  of the last decade. There were so many better albums that came out during the 90's for instance Superunkown by  Soundgarden and Dirt by Alice In Chains.
0064471047|5.0|After reading the first book,  I just had to go on.  Once again, C.S. Lewis puts a magnificent tale in our hands.  This is a tlae of two sisters and brothers who are living with an old professor.  The youngest sister Lucy finds a _______ in a wardrobe while playing hide and seek.  They then  venture on amazing adventures even I cannot describe, so read this book  yourself.
B000003TA4|3.0|This album has a few good songs on it Lithium andSmells Like Teen Spirit. But this is not the best album  of the last decade. There were so many better albums that came out during the 90's for instance Superunkown by  Soundgarden and Dirt by Alice In Chains.
B00004SCX6|3.0|I loved Britney's first album.  She was really putting some emotion into her music.  Her new cd should have been the same.  But, good things don't last forever.  In this cd, I felt she sounded fake.  She was just singing  the words that were givin to her by her writer.  This year Britney has been  really disappointing.  It seems as if all she cares about is her looks.   The songs were nice, but she could've sang much better.
630472229X|3.0|Sigourney Weaver returns yet again in this funky piece called Alien 3.  I personally saw at my friends house during a sleep over.  Warning:  If you haven't seen Alien or Aliens, don't see this, it wont make any sense!  Now  for someone who has seen Alien and Aliens this movie has a lot of swears.   And I don't mind swears, but this movie has A LOT OF SWEARS.  Not for the  little children either!  If you have a surround sound system this would be  good, and it's in Widescreen.  I think this movie is good for a dark night  where you want to scare your friends.  <br />     If you liked Aliens (the 2nd  one) you may or may not like this movie.  The surviving characters from the  secound one die except for Ripley (Of course!) An okay movie with a few  surprises (actually a lot)and a lot of swears.
B000000H57|4.0|We've come a long way since Slow, Deep &amp; Hard. October Rust is a dark album, but the lyrics.. damn they're nearly all love songs. Which is no flaw, I am a soppy guy. The opening song &quot;Love You To Death&quot;,  yes, a love song, keeps a slow pounding rhythmn, with Pete Steele's  trademark ultra low/sexy voice. Beautiful yet haunting piano melody most of  the way thru - then a twist at the end of the song turning into a higher  pitch chant of &quot;ahh let me love you&quot;. Great stuff so  far.<br />&quot;Be My Druidess&quot; brings a heavier style to what  essentially is still a love song. Excellent fast riff, if somewhat sexually  oriented lyrics.<br />&quot;Green Man&quot; is my least favourite track... it  has nice guitar work but it bores me. &quot;Red Water&quot; quickly redeems  this with its depressing tale of dead members of the family (see  &quot;Everyone I Love is Dead&quot; on world coming down).<br />&quot;My  Girlfriend's girlfriend&quot; is a radically different style for Type O.  still with the very low voice, it sounds far happier in style. and its only  3 and a half minutes long... a lot shorter than the 6-9 minute behemoths  we're used to :-)<br />&quot;Die With Me&quot; is my favourite. It sounds a  little different with a much higher tone.. but the lyrics (albeit brief) on  this track made me fall in love with it. It was featured on the soundtrack  to Carrie 2 : The Rage, a bit later on.&quot;Burnt Flowers Fallen&quot; is  an out-of-love song... with only three lines in the song, and its pushing  the 7 minute mark... but still there's something special there which makes  it powerful. &quot;Cinammon Girl&quot; is a cover of a classic Neil Young  song but it is ressurected here with a somewhat gothic, chilling style and  sensual whispering of &quot;Ein zwei drei vier (1,2,3,4)&quot; throughout.  Dunno why that's cool, it's just hypnotic along with the fast, yet smooth  drums. &quot;The Glorious Liberation...&quot; with its stupidly long title  you know it isnt a real song. But we have a militant stomp and cheers from  a crowd as Ein, zwei, drei, vier is chanted over and over. &quot;Wolf  Moon&quot; was the first song I heard by Type O and the reason I bought  this album. I love it. It's a strange tale of being a werewolf, and like  &quot;Love You To Death&quot; it has beautiful piano work, coupled with  Steele's eerie vocals (he howls at the end!).<br />&quot;Haunted&quot; is the  last song, and not to be taken lightly. Like &quot;Die With Me&quot; it is  a higher pitched, soppier sounding track... but this time it is very slow,  and features Steele simply talking over a quiet piano tune at some point,  during this extremely long song. And it has the tortured groans of &quot;I  hate the morning...&quot; repeatedly, which although it's a love song and  you can tell it is, its still damn scary!<br />Buy it. Buy it now! Type O are  my personal favourite band... and I have converted many a pop/dance music  fan to metal and goth by lending them October Rust. It truly is the best  representation of 'Black Hearted Romance' you will ever find.
0783226063|5.0|and again and again and again...   The movie is hard to follow if you're not familiar with this amazing and completely new and different world created in the story.  Once you've read enough of the Dune Series and  watched the movie enough, you'll understand it...and then you'll get it.
B00004T8RK|5.0|I have been a huge Pearl Jam fan from the beginning, so my reveiw may be bias. I absolutely love Binaural. The lyrics are excellent, the music is excellent and Eddie sounds great. I was very impressed with the overall  sound of the entire CD. The artwork was also impressive. I can't wait to  hear the songs live.
B000009RC2|5.0|A stunning achievement and surely one of the greatest albums ever made, The Inner Mounting Flame defies categorization as it juxtaposes rock, jazz, classical, Indian, and Celtic influences in a way that is at once  aggressive and subtle. Inexorable and driving, John McLaughlin (guitar),  Jerry Goodman (violin), Jan Hammer (keyboards), Rick Laird (bass), and the  incredible Billy Cobham (drums), each of whom is from a different country,  blend their unique instruments and styles into a ferocious, beautiful sonic  landscape. Easily capable of shifting from symphonic walls of sound to  hard-edged blues and back again in the same song, the Mahavishnu Orchestra  may be the most technically versatile group ever assembled. From the  gentle, lilting, Celtic sounds of &quot;A Lotus On Irish Streams&quot; to  the dizzying, frenetic pace of &quot;Vital Transformation&quot; to the dark  blues of &quot;The Dance of Maya,&quot; if this album doesn't shock you  with its musicianship and musical synthesis, leaving you in total awe, then  rigor mortis may have already set in.
B000005RXH|3.0|This CD represents the early efforts of an important British &quot;art rock&quot; band still developing it's sound. Even on this early record you can see the pattern beginning to emerge; guitarist and lead vocalist Roger  Hodgson's gentle, deeply introspective musings are counterbalanced by the  solid blues-influences of Rick Davies(keyboards &amp; vocals). As the  principle songwriters of this six member band, they created moments of true  beauty; but the real breakthrough for this group occured a few years later  with the classic &quot;Crime of the Century.&quot; <br />This one is good for  completists or Supertramp fanatics (like me). More casual listeners should  seek &quot;Crime&quot; or &quot;Breakfast in America&quot; to hear these  guys at their best.
6300208591|5.0|From its unforgettable opening image of Jesus flying over the rooftops of Rome to its conclusion at the desperate party that will never end, \\"La Dolce Vita\\" is a beautiful,  disturbing and mesmerizing film which follows the movements of one tabloid  writer (Marcello Mastroianni in the quintessential role of his career) as  he first reports on and then becomes one of the dissipated pleasure-seekers  among the wealthy elite of Rome. Fellini is at the height of his powers  here, combining the earthiness of his earlier masterpiece, \\"La  Strada\\" and the yet-to-come surrealism of \\"Juliet of the  Spirits\\" to wonderful and totally satisfying  effect. I have watched it many, many times and always find something  new.....in the visuals, the dialogue, the hypnotic rhythm set to Nino  Rota's perfectly jaded musical backgrounds.  One striking image follows  another......the midnight revelers with candles in the crumbling  castle....Steiner's party with it's assortment of strange, self-obsessed  souls....the bored socialite's joyless dance at the club where Marcello  begins his long night......the voluptuous American movie star (Anita  Ekberg)descending from her plane.......the wild dance led by the satyr-like  \\"Frankie\\" with Ekberg on his shoulder......the \\"miracle  children\\" leading the crowd on a merry chase in the rain...  I know of no other film that more  powerfully engages mind and senses than Fellini's eternal tale of the  Eternal City, \\"La Dolce Vita.\\"  How sweet it is.
0783237979|5.0|I only wanted to say that cats is my favorite video. I think the fact that it has no real plot or story only makes it better. I think the only people who dont like it eather dont understand it, or they like all there stories  to be bland and organized. (if i have missed spelled at all i apologise its  3 am right now.)
0618001905|5.0|A truly horrifying account of gross capitalist imperialism at work in the Congo region, one must remember that the Belgian colony was merely one of many slaughterhouses in Africa run by European imperialists. It is a sad  fact that since the Cold War, Africa has not escaped the grasp of violence  and exploitation; only the color of the villain's skin is different.  However, the book shows that there are individuals who rise up against all  opposition and win a war previously thought hopeless. Hopefully, people  like Williams, Morel, and Casement will face old enemies on the same  battlefield and force an unquestionable victory.
B00000DC7J|5.0|The previous review is one time.  This is the one most powerful collection of Piazzolla's.  I'm buying a second one for fear of wearing out or losing or damaging the cd I bought two years ago. I'd hate to be without a spare  of these particular recordings of Concerto Para Quinteto, Mimuki or Milonga  Del Angel.
B00000IPAX|4.0|Every single time a band goes platinum, everyone starts knocking 'em.  Wassup wit dat?  Enema is a well-made album, Blink are doing the same thing they were doing 6 years ago, and guess what?  They're getting more popular  and are even (gasp!) turning new school kids onto Bad Religion!  <br />Yeah,  so they're not exactly a Dischord band.  Why is this so troubling to so  many people?  I still spend most of my time listening to the Dismemberment  Plan or Pavement or Shellac, but I really like what Blink are doing.   &quot;Adam's Song,&quot; as most people have written, is a great listen --  and the lyrics actually have some depth! The whole CD reminds me of plenty  of other great punk bands, just as those other bands remind me of Blink.   It's fun, catchy, mindless, meaningful, well-done music.  I'd like to see  them branch out even more on their next album, but until then, Enema of the  State will have to suffice.
0671027344|4.0|This book writin by Stephen Chobsky is a story that every teenager can relate to. Charlie is a freshman starting in High School and isn't one of the most popular kids in school. Throughout the story Charlie has to deal  with many conflicts that him and his two good friends Sam and Patrick have  gottin into.He deals with issues such as crushes, dating, sexual  experiences, drug experiments, and all around teen -age rebeling.Even  thought he isnt't the most popular kid in school he sees the would in a  total wallflower point of view.This book related to my personal life  because it made me see the quiet and shy peple in the back of your classin  a total diffrent ways. It made me think that people even though they are  quiet stil have they same issues and conflicts as other people. And never  treat them any diffrently. If you like modern teenage books this is exactly  the kind of book that you want to read! Order it now on Amazon.com!
B00000272N|4.0|Alice in Chains crashed onto the &quot;grunge&quot; scene with much help from Nirvana. Seattle was now the meca &amp; birth place for this style of music. Pearl Jam had yet to release their debute - so the market was still  fresh. While Nirvana was in your face; anger &amp; hate, guitars plugged in  as high as you can turn the volume. Alice in Chains also brought anger  &amp; hate to the table, but they also brought better musicianship &amp;  melodies (if you will). The song structure(s) is compelling and complex.  Layne Staley is multi-dimensional in his delivery. Jerry Cantrell is  exciting to listen to on guitar. It's too bad their personal differences  &amp; drugs crippled them from the start. Imagine the music they could've  put out had they been &amp; remained good friends. Thru all the turmoil  tho, AIC did manage to put out a few good albums. Their 2nd effort,  &quot;DIRT&quot;, is the culmination of all their precise efforts (every  AIC fan should start their collection with &quot;DIRT&quot;). However,  AIC's debute is an essential one to own as well - simply because you can  listen to a great band in their infant stages... ready to break out of the  cage.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|having been a maiden fan since the beast and have sang(tried to! )countless songs with friends and many beers(we actually sounded pretty bad)im very pleased with their new album and bruce sounds great.the more  you listen to it the better it gets.there is feel and conviction in the  lyrics and the guitar work is great.i cant stop listining to this 'chosen  one. so blood brother(sister)buy this cd and die with your boots on! ...its  an honor to be a maiden fan and see ya all at the show! UP THE  IRONS! &quot;beaten fallen angel has risen again&quot;.
B000002JSH|5.0|THE BAND: Paul Rodgers (vocals, guitar, keyboards), Mick Ralphs (guitar), Boz Burrell (bass), Simon Kirke (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1975) 8 tracks clocking in at approximately 38 minutes. Included with the disc is a minimal 2-page foldout containing song titles/credits/times and original release date (4/2/75). Digitally remastered (edition released) in 1994. Recorded on Ronnie Lane's mobile truck at Clearwell Castle, Gloucestershire, England. This is the band's 2nd album. Produced by Bad Co and Peter Grant (of Led Zeppelin fame). Label - Swan Song.<br /><br />COMMENTS: Bad Co's debut from the year before was big (reaching #1 on Billboard). \\"Straight Shooter\\" was almost as big - reaching #3 on the Billboard charts. Song success - four big hits came from this album - \\"Good Lovin' Gone Bad\\" (#30), \\"Feel Like Makin' Love\\" (#10), \\"Deal With The Preacher\\" (#18) and \\"Shooting Star\\" (did not chart). Years later, I believe \\"Shooting Star\\" gained momentum (telling a great story of a kid being inspired to be a rock star, and later dying of an overdose) and is now one of Bad Co's best known songs. Decades later, \\"Straight Shooter\\" is still my favorite Bad Company album (and favorite album cover). I have always felt the band's debut was great, but fairly tame... like they were just getting started. With their 2nd album, they knew they had a good thing going and they really cut loose. Highlights include Ralphs guitar playing and amazing solos on \\"Shooting Star\\", \\"Deal With The Preacher\\" and \\"Call On Me\\"; Rodgers singing, rhythm guitar and piano/keyboard playing; and perhaps the backbone of the band - Simon Kirke's solid drumming. Every Bad Company album seems to have stellar drums - thanks to Kirke. Looking for which Bad Company studio albums to get first - start with their '74 debut, followed by \\"Straight Shooter\\", \\"Run With The Pack\\" (1976), and \\"Desolation Angels\\" (1979). If I could give \\"Straight Shooter\\" more than five stars, I would (5 stars).
B000002LQD|5.0|not here.  For some inexplicable reason, this CD is almost always found in the cut-out racks or really cheaply through one of the mail order CD clubs.  My now sixteen year old son and I watched Lou last Saturday night on a  re-run of that acoustical show hosted by David Byrne and he (who liked Lou  because Lou likes Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails) asked what Lou CD I'd  recommend.  All, of course, but this one first.  He listened before going  to sleep, passed it Monday around to all his friends at school and made a  few more converts.  A 58 (?) year old man reaching 15-16 year old kids  musically.  That's a recommendation in and of itself, but this CD is beyond  that--this is a work for the ages, mature, lyrical, unflinching and  redemptive.  For me nothing he has ever done comes together as a whole  better than this.  And oh, yes, it does rock a little bit too!
B00002EPMF|4.0|Power is given,but control is taken.This has no relevancy to this review but it sounds cool.Picking up where Death's The Sound of Perseverance left off,Chuck and the boys craft some fine progressive/power metal.Tim Aymar has a soulful voice and tears it up on Control Denied's debut.Chuck  Shuldiner expressed a desire to power metal in an issue of Guitar  magazine.Originally he was going to use Warrell Dane of Nevermore but that  didnt work out and he brought in Tim Aymar of Psycho Scream and also  Artillery.(not sure if that was him though)The opening track  Consumed,doesn't really reach out and grab you,but the next track,Breaking  the Broken,really takes you there.All in all this a pretty fine piece of  work.If you love power metal and progressive metal you better get off your  butt and buy this.But if your a deathmetalhead it won't be your first  choice.
6305892946|4.0|The point I think most critics seem to be missing about 'Scream 3' is that it IS the third movie of the trilogy, and so it is almost impossible to keep up the same level of freshness and originality. So that's a given. And  yet, at the same time, the final installment managed to be laugh-out-loud  funny and built up to a really suspenseful, and well-crafted finale. Yes,  Sidney's role was nothing more than basically a cameo appearance but the  new character of Parker Posey carried the movie all on her own with such an  amazingly witty, over-the-top performance. The script was as fresh as they  could have made it considering that this is their third effort, and while I  found the revelation of the killer somewhat disappointing (I had so hoped  it would have been one of the returning members from either of the first  two movies - notably Sidney's father - which would have made more sense) it  was still a well-made ending, and the final &quot;epilogue&quot;, with  Sidney leaving an 'open door', literally, was the perfect final image, and  Wes Craven gave such brilliant irony - and a fitting conclusion - with this  final shot. Supporting players were nothing more than cardboard cutouts  (and what is up with Deon Richmond's character? totally expendable) yet at  the same time the death scenes (except for that of Jenny McCarthy) were  suspenseful and had just enough energy to keep us on the edge of our seats.  <br />Oh, and yeah, the 'voice changer' was a cool little device that added  some creative edge to the killer's techniques this time around.
B00000163G|5.0|In my opinion, this album is like the bible of rap.  No other rap album will ever be as timeless as this one.  Tupac Shakur puts enough emotion into his songs for an entire family of rappers (i.e. any group of rappers  today huddled behind a record label).  This man was Death Row Records.   When he raps, you can actually picture the emotion on his face; there are  only a few left who can do that today (if you feel me, you know who they  are).  Tupac's style gave shape to the face of rap.  This man's record's  didn't sell because of how many friends had, because frankly ... he didn't  have too many.  I feel sorry for anyone who doesn't have this album,  because they're missing a piece of music history.  This album not only  represents the highest point in this man's career, it is also the height of  rap itself.  This album neither stands for the west or the east coast, it  stands for a man and his short-lived career as the best rapper to ever  wield a microphone.  Since &quot;all eyez&quot; can no longer be on Tupac,  let's put &quot;all ears&quot; on him instead.
0671042858|4.0|A spellbinding book that will keep you turning the pages. The book shows greatly in detail the changes a mind makes when you are alone in the dark, miles and miles away from anyone and anything.<br />I could not stop reading  this book. I couldn't put the book down. This book was exhileraing and  action packed. All wilderness loving people this is your book.<br />This book  realliy goes into depth of the mechanics of the way a person thinks and how  they gradually go insane.
0671027344|4.0|I really enjoyed &quot;The Perks of Being a Wallflower.&quot;  The main character, Charlie, had a very unique personality that struck me.  His whole personality intrigued me because he was different. Not different in a  bad way; different because he didn't care all that much about being  popular.  He kept too himself most of the time, and as a result didn't have  many friends.  Charlie goes through many changes and difficult times  through the book, and it was interesting to watch him grow as a person. I  reallt liked how the author decided to write the book.  He made it so  Charlie was telling the story in his journal entries.  I like that because  it really showed the person Charlie was, and his opinions on everything  that was going on in his life.  I think the author especially wrote the  book for teenagers.  Therefore I could relate to a lot of the issues that  were brought up in the book.  Such as drugs, dating, and much more.   I  discovered when I was reading the book that everyone needs friends to lead  on during the tough times in your life.  Without friends I think it's very  hard to get through some of your problems.  In the beginning of Charlie's  freshman year of high school, he didn't have any friends.  But then when he  met his soon to be best friends, he got a lot happier.  This book can  appeal to both guys and girls.  It's very controversial, and easy to relate  to.
0312199066|5.0|This book is the best Apollo /moonwalker book that I've read in a very long time! At least Mr. Cernan is willing to share his lunar experience with human race!  I f only more astronauts would do the same; I'll just bet  ya that more funding would have been allocated for more manned-apollo and  Skylab missions! It's not fair that other Apollo astro's. won't discuss or  talk of lunar trip! I feel it's their obligation to share it with  humanity!  Thanks to Eugene Cernan/Don Davis, and a few other Apollo  astro's., it helps those of us who have always wanted to go to Moon to know  exactly what trip and lunar walk/mission was like! Thanks Mr. Cernan and  Don Davis for a great book!  Wish you other moonwalkers would  ......&quot;share the wealth&quot; of the experience and adventure!
B00004T9UF|3.0|I just wanted to say that the first verse of &quot;Stan&quot; does indeed rhyme. Out of all of Eminem's skills, rhyming is definitely one of them. A lot of his rhymes may be too subtle for most people. A lot of his rhymes  are up to par with Nas, master of Rhyme. Anyhow, speaking of substance, as  the man below does, this album has substance. He is dealing with his fame  and success, and at this point in his life, this is a BIG deal. Okay? He's  not rhyming about the environment or consciousness as quantum theory, but  criminy, look at it differently. Anyhow, &quot;Stan&quot; does have much  substance....too much, it's eerie.
B00003CWOL|3.0|I'm giving this a 3 mainly because while I liked the film, the lines weren't that funny to me -- more sit-com quality than topnotch humor.  I'd give it a 4 as a rental, though--it's worth seeing, has a great cast, and  lays bare the humor in ponderous, concretistic, legalistic, and  literal-minded attitudes that take themselves far too seriously.<br />The  supersensitive who long for the days when creative irreverence could be  repressed in the name of goodness and purity might prefer a Disney flick.<br />Keep an eye out for the corporate boardroom scene -- it's, well, a  blast.<br />Movie quiz question:  where did they get the line &quot;I believe  in THIS&quot;?  Hint:  a similarly controversial film for which Peter  Gabriel wrote some fine music....
B00001NFCY|5.0|this cd is awesome! the music is great and so are the lyrics. if ur looking for solid rock look no further.(hugher, what if and faceless man are some of the gud songs.
0790733226|5.0|This is not your typical sci-fi movie.  If you want spaceships blasting each other or evil aliens with mental powers, try Star Wars or Dark City.  This is the culmination of a lifetime spent communicating the awesome  potential of scientific discovery in layman's terms.  I am, of course,  speaking of Carl Sagan, the heart and soul of this movie.<br />Sagan's vision,  so eloquently translated by Robert Zemeckis and brought to life by Jodie  Foster and Matthew McConaughey, is a realistic exploration of mankind's  reaction to first contact with extraterrestrial intelligence.  Skepticism,  hope, wonder, fear, distrust, and wide-eyed enthusiasm greet the  &quot;Message from Vega.&quot;  Zemeckis stays true to Sagan and delivers a  thoughtful character study, a surprisingly even-handed debate on religion  and science, and a commentary on mankind's readiness for entry into the  Galactic milieu.<br />One of the finest and most scientifically (circa 1990's)  accurate sci-fi dramas of the past 10 years.  (Except for the fact that we  search thousands of frequencies at once, so humans don't actually listen to  signals from space.)  Foster's performance is worth the price of the movie.
0064430227|5.0|*Harold and the Purple Crayon* mesmerized me as a child.  My 5 year old adores it, and my ten year old can't hide his continuing enthusiasm.  With his purple Crayon, sensible Harold creates the moon so that he can see  where he's going.  He accidentally creates the sea (his drawing hand  shakes, thus making waves appear) but soon negates this potential danger by  drawing a boat and, finally, land.  When hungry, Harold draws a delicious  picnic with purple food.  Harold copes.<br />The central idea is that a child,  no matter how small, can exert control over the world, and when that child  makes mistakes -- drawing a choppy sea, for instance -- those mistakes can  be remedied. This book gives a child power.  Grown-ups don't count; Harold  makes what he needs without help. Under the influence of this book, at the  ripe age of 11, I created a club called &quot;The Purple X&quot;, in which,  using purple markers to send letters, I set out to right all wrongs.   Harold goes one better; he makes light and land.  And the book makes  children who feel empowered to tackle the problems of a big, scary world.
B00004TH7Z|3.0|Truly, Iron Maiden have some of the most loyal fans on the globe. This is their prize.<br />In 1988, Iron Maiden was riding high. They had just released a record, \\"Seventh Son of the Seventh Son\\", that many claimed was their best ever. This was quite a statement. Iron Maiden, along with a foursome of young hellions who called themselves Metallica, had become co-kings of 1980's heavy metal. Iron Maiden had ticked off all the required religious groups, left all the 'respected' critics unimpressed and accumulated a dedicated worldwide following of alienated white male teenage loyalists. They had also created some timeless music.<br />After the two records that followed, many of these loyalists began to consider that Iron Maiden had lost something. Indeed, they had lost Adrian Smith, who had become not only known for his guitar duels with Maiden longtimer, Dave Murray, but also an increasingly important writing contributor. Maiden was still good though and many rationalized, \\"...maybe you can't create 'Seventh Son', 'Powerslave' or 'Number of the Beast' every time you go into the studio. Besides, Maiden has always been about playing live, and as is documented on 'Live At Donnington', this was as great as ever.\\"<br />Then disaster stuck. Maiden's frontman, Bruce Dickinson, decided to leave. Maiden had survived the loss of Smith, but what would a new voice sound like? Would it sound like Maiden? Considering that Dickinson was not Iron Maiden's original vocalist, many were still hopeful.<br />Two records later, diminished sales figures suggested that Bruce's replacement, Blaze Bayley, was not working out. However, how does one replace someone who had now not only enjoyed a successful solo career, but also solidified his status as one of the greatest heavy metal vocalists that would ever be?<br />Steve Harris, Iron Maiden's bassist and founding member, realized that you didn't. By the summer of 1998, there were legitimate rumors that Bruce Dickinson, and maybe even Adrian Smith, would be returning to the group.<br />Two years of hype, expectation and even more rumors later, Iron Maiden announced that they would release, the appropriately titled, \\"Brave New World\\". The classic 1980's lineup had, indeed, been reunited along with Adrian Smith's original replacement, Janick Gers, creating a supergroup, that for the metal community, was like the second coming. Indeed, that is exactly what it was.<br />With this album, Iron Maiden would either flop in the most colossal fashion imaginable or explode again to their previous glory.<br />***<br />\\"Brave New World\\" is perhaps Iron Maidens greatest victory. While Iron Maiden have 'narrowly' better albums from the past, there are moments here that are some of the best music they have ever recorded. The best song here is, easily, 'Ghost Of The Navigator'. Hearing the song, it is easy to remember such classics as 'Hallowed Be Thy Name' and 'Rime of the Ancient Mariner'.<br />\\"Brave New World\\" though is hardly a one-trick pony. Every single song is inspired, energetic and assertive. 'The Fallen Angel' is among Maiden's best hard-fueled rockers and is reminiscent of similar songs from \\"Piece Of Mind\\" as is to a lesser degree, 'The Mercenary'. More epic bliss is offered in 'Dream Of Mirrors' and 'The Nomad' and is very much in the traditions of \\"Seven Son...\\" and \\"Powerslave\\", respectively.<br />What is even better is that \\"Brave New World\\" is not just about getting back to the good old days. In fact, the theme here is about the future. This is as personal a theme as it is artistic. In the past, Iron Maiden was, perhaps correctly, accused of finding the formula that worked and not venturing away from that formula, not exploring other territory or experimenting, except for the occasional addition of keyboards.<br />\\"Brave New World\\", though, is exceeds being an exercise in creative adjustment, it is a completely modern Iron Maiden album. They have drawn from progressive metal on some of the tracks already mentioned, but also the title cut and 'The Thin Line Between Love And Hate'.<br />There is a real maturity here, but it isn't the same way that Metallica matured. Iron Maiden have aged like wine, not moonshine. Listening to \\"Brave New World\\", and especially the lyrics, one gets real perspective of the struggle the band has gone through and emerged from stronger, and with a new wisdom.<br />On a subjective note, I have been waiting for this record for twelve years. I wasn't sure it would ever come. It is much better than I ever expected.<br />A couple years ago some suggested that Iron Maiden should bow out gracefully. It is likely that even the most loyal fans had considered it at one time or another. Now Iron Maiden sounds like they have at least five more great albums still left in them.<br />Neil Young's famous quote is, \\"It is better to burn out than to fade away.\\" Iron Maiden have refused to do either. Instead they created a brave new world.tracks already mentioned, but also the title cut and 'The Thin Line Between Love And Hate'. <br />There is a real maturity here, but it isn't the same way that Metallica matured. Iron Maiden have aged like wine, not moonshine. Listening to \\"Brave New World\\", and especially the lyrics, one gets real perspective of the struggle the band has gone through and emerged from stronger, and with a new wisdom. <br />On a subjective note, I have been waiting for this record for twelve years. I wasn't sure it would ever come. It is much better than I ever expected. <br />A couple years ago some suggested that Iron Maiden should bow out gracefully. It is likely that even the most loyal fans had considered it at one time or another. Now Iron Maiden sounds like they have at least five more great albums still left in them. <br />Neil Young's famous quote is, \\"It is better to burn out than to fade away.\\" Iron Maiden have refused to do either. Instead they created a brave new world.
B000001G5H|5.0|When one possesses Chopin's Etudes, in form of a music book, they're simply stunned? Why? Because they are so so difficult to play.The Etudes contain the pinnacles recquired to surpass pianistic mastery (scales,  arpeggious, broken chords etc) therefore trecherous and daunting.The Etudes  are the 'Mount Everest'of piano playing. Have a good look at the book and  ask your self whether Pollini is sane. I think not! His technique is  superhuman hence sounding effortless. A fantastic Cd to possess. It is a  treasure! Buy it, keep it, treasure it because each time you listen  to it, it will leave you speechless beyond recovery!
B00003CX5A|5.0|Sleepy Hollow is another Tim Burton masterpiece! By far one of his best works yet!  I went to see it seven times at the theatre and everytime i saw it..it was like my first. The film is absolutely stunning.
0782008364|5.0|One of the best movies ever made.  Corky and Violet make the coolest and the sexiest same-sex couple in the movie history.  Joe Pantoliano gives a brilliant performance as a very doomed gangster, Ceasar.  Brothers  Wachowski reinvented film noir when they wrote and directed this stylish,  skillfully crafted movie, just as they reinvented action movies with their  second feature film - Matrix.   Every liberated female, every movie buff,  every gay man and a lesbian or even a straight male should watch it.    Possible turn-offs (for some; turn-ons for others)include rather extreme  but plot-justified graphic violence (not a lot but enouph) and beautifully  made, steamy lesbian-love scenes. Scary, suspensful, seductive, endlessly  entertaining , this movie is a real treat that everyone will enjoy.
B000002UAF|5.0|The soundtrack album to Hard Day's Night [UK release]is important not only for the songs themselves. It is important because it is the first real Beatle Album. It is the first record in which there are no 'covers'. All of  the songs on the UK release are written by the 'Fab Four.' This gives the  album an historical and musical importance that is not always understood.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Like many people I went into the theater expecting not to like this film.   When I walked out I had a broad smile and a lot of hope for the future of  film making.  I'd been a fan of David Fincher's work for a long time (which  is what made me go see Fight Club) and have to say that this is his finest  work to date.  Faced paced and un-afraid, Fight Club dares to challenge the  viewers to think bout society and themselves.  Brad Pitt and Edward Norton  Sink into their roles and relentlessly deliver their characters into  reality.  As a film student I must say that I wish my name were somewhere  in the credits for this one.  My hats off to a brave and (most importantly)  hillarious film.
0425129616|5.0|Styles, the first Christie novel, introducing Hercule Poirot (and Captain Hastings and Inspector Japp), is one of the greatest debut novels of the mystery field. It heralded the start of the Golden Age of detective  fiction. The book does not yet have the great, easy to read prose that  would be a hallmark of the author in the years to come, but is near it. The  very ingenious plot, the use of one of the great ploys of classical  detective fiction, the various subplots, and the many sympathetic  characters are all elements of Dame Agatha's later justly famous novels and  are handled here very skilfully. It possibly deserves 4 stars for its  &quot;standalone&quot; merits but the moment it arrived and its historical  significance in the genre raise it to a 5. Not to be missed.
0783110871|5.0|In some parts of this TERRIFIC movie it is funny. Like a dark comedy almost. But in some parts it is genuine action. It is a great movie.
6305558167|4.0|Nobody can accept that Arturus probably wasn't going around in full plate armor, because it is really flashy and makes good cinema.  Oh, well.  Still, the story is done VERY well, with an amazing blend of sword and  sorcery, much like the real thing.<br />The lighting, sets, and characters are  done very vividly, even if it surprised me to see Patrick Stewart in the  middle of the Sword scenes.  I just expect him to draw a phaser and take  out the opposing forces, I guess.<br />My wife loves Merlin.  I have to replay  his lines several times just to make her happy.  Well, as they say, if the  wife ain't happy, ain't nobody happy, so we replay a lot.  <br />Gotta love  DVDs!  They don't stretch like VHS tape!
B00001ZUGJ|1.0|Don't waste your money for a movie like this one. This movie was made for teenagers with anti-social messages like : don't trust the police, your parents, your teachers etc... The gratuitous violence in the movie intend  to attract youth people with a message of contestation. In fact, the movie  is a real product targeted for the mass market.
B00000K3D4|5.0|My wife showed me this film, made in the same pattern as Dark Crystal, to prove that muppets could be serious actors.  Actually, I think she's hung up on the Goblin King, but I can't find fault with that -- he's cool, does  this amazing trick with crystal spheres, and walks through an Escher world  with the right regard for gravity.<br />Me, I just noticed that Jennifer  Connelly was pretty good even back then.  I had no idea she'd been in  movies this long!<br />And, when we heard that Hoggle was hiding out in the  lost luggage depot (there is a store in Alabama that buys luggage that  never gets claimed or returned to the right people that managed to get a  Hoggle muppet that stays in permanent display in their museum of the weird)  I just had to watch it again.<br />The DVD is a really good transfer, and the  audio quality is standard DVD fare.  I just wish there were the special  tracks that other DVDs have, but maybe they'll release a new print in the  future and make us all rush to buy it again!<br />I know I would!
B00000IOSU|5.0|I had never really listened to Sarah McLachlan before, but when I listen to bits and pieces of her &quot;Mirrorball&quot; album, needless to say I was astounded.    First of all her lyrics are very deep and inspiring  themselves. I find comfort in listening to songs such as, &quot;I Love  You&quot;, &quot;Hold On&quot;, and &quot;Do What You Have To Do&quot;  whenever I feel lonely or sad. But I crank up my radio during  &quot;Posession&quot;, &quot;Sweet Surrender&quot;, &amp; &quot;Ice  Cream&quot;. The whole album itself is an emotional rollercoaster.     Secondly, this is no ordinary CD. It's an actual recording of one of her  performances. So you are able to hear audience reactions and words from  Sarah herself.    I can honestly say that there is not one song on this  album that I do not like. The music does nothing but grow on you,  especially if you are one of Sarah's fans...which yes, I can now say that I  am.    The music is real and that is what I also like about  &quot;Mirrorball&quot;. Sarah writes and sings what she feels and that is  what real music is!  And most of all, she is not afraid to express how she  feels. This is evident through her lyrics.    So if you are a Sarah  McLachlan fan or are intrigued by her music like I was...go out and get  this album. YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!  :)
630469654X|4.0|I guess we all concur - even with the transfer to DVD they just *HAD* to bring over that hideous music.  I do my best to ignore it, and the story is good enough that I succeed most of the time, but I just don't wanna think  about the bishop grabbing his crozier and stepping out on the dias,  lighting up under him in blocks, to the beat of &quot;Staying Alive&quot;.   And, this is entirely what it sounds like to me....*GAG*<br />Still, it is  lots of fun, and bargain priced!  Take advantage of the opportunity to put  a favorite show into your permanent collection for little money.
630575067X|5.0|I grew up with star wars and was 6 when it came out in 77, that makes me 29 now. I found this look back at the begingings of starwars and to see how obi wan and, who luke and lea's mom and father was was awesome! I loved  liam neeson(as usual) and again he delivered a #1 performance as master qui  gon jin..and ewan mcgreggor did a great job, and they did a good job  matching a young obi wan with that of the older one from the original  movie..&quot;master&quot; george lucas does it again..keep up the good  job..
0782008372|2.0|The movie is good, but the transfer is mediocre.  While it is superior to the VHS standard, it is only barely so, and does not live up to the quality we expect in a DVD.  This is one that needs a new transfer, with a  qualified team, and lots of extras to get us to pay another $10 for a new  disk.  Mine is about to be a coaster.
0613181468|5.0|Before reading this book, I didn't even know who Richard Feynman was.  It was given to me by my stepfather and immediately sat in a drawer for about 3 years.  After searching for something to do I brought it out and began  reading.  I was immediately floored with laughter.  Feynman is such an  interesting person.  It makes you wonder how so many things could happen to  one person.  I've now read it about 4 times and I still laugh every time.  Definitly buy this book! I WANT MY DOLLAR!
B00003CWOL|5.0|This movie is now one of my all time favorites!  <br />Yes, it is sometimes crude and irreverent, but if you listen closely to the dialogue(which means seeing the movie more than once!) you will see that the purpose is to make  you reflect on your faith and see what it really means to you.<br />The main  quote I loved from the story is 'Why can't we have ideas instead of beliefs  since ideas are easier to change'?  Religion, like every other aspect of  humanity, must evolve with us.<br />This story is very humorous and thought  provoking and the cast is superb!  If you have any sort of intelligence  that allows you to be a free thinker, you will LOVE this show!
0793518326|5.0|If you are a musician and love the Beatles, then you must buy this book.  It is the most amazingly accurate transcription of their songs I have seen. Not only does it cover the songs the group wrote, it also covers the songs  written by others and performed by the Beatles.  It also gives great  insight to their individual style.  A must buy!
0812523334|5.0|This is a one beautiful book to read ,the beauty of the book is that it has so many central charecters and each one holds his and her grounds completely.Amy is a wonderful girl ,who keeps the string of happiness in  the family,but its the Mrs. march who is the driving force in the book.
B000002UEB|5.0|I bought this album shortly after my Empire purchase and I listen to Mindcrime more than Empire, mainly because there's a storyline interweaved into the music.<br />The audio clips Amazon.com gives are decent, but you  really have to listen to at least 2 full songs to really know whether or  not you're going to like the album.  That way you get a chance to sample  what Mindcrime is really like.<br />My favorite song would have to be Suite  Sister Mary.  This song is where you actually get to hear her speak... and  her voice will make the hairs on the back of your head stand on end and  send a chill down your spine.<br />A very recommended album.  Great music,  awesome storyline.
B00003CXDU|4.0|This is a welcome change of pace from the stream of  really insipid, gross-out, and scatalogical comedy movies that Hollywood stamps out like so many cookies these days.  &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; not only gives us an  inspired parody of Star Trek and other SF series, but it manages to create  a story that, in many cases, will surpass those found in the very SF series  that it seeks to poke fun at.  The last time I saw this so effectively done  was in &quot;Little Shop of Horrors,&quot; where an opening &quot;Broadway  song&quot; sequence not only lampooned those kinds of productions, but had  impressive production values in its own right (gosh, maybe there's a term  for this sort of thing, but I'm at a loss here).<br /> &quot;Galaxy  Quest&quot; is a big hit because it will appeal to: 1) those who have a  fondness for &quot;Star Trek&quot; and similar SF shows. 2) those who have  wondered about the seemingly obsessive devotion to such shows 3) those who  may not be all too familiar with such SF series, but nevertheless would  enjoy a well-developed script, suspenseful action, and even a few subtle  moral lessons (note how Commander Taggart, at the end, invites his fellow  crew to &quot;share the stage&quot; with him, and how some lessons on  leadership slyly sneak into the story).<br /> This is also a movie that an  entire family can enjoy, with humor working on different levels so that  even very young kids can find something to laugh about. There are various  inside jokes, that those who are even minimally familiar with past SF  television and movies will find amusing (listen for Sigourney Weaver's  comment alluding to her &quot;Aliens&quot; roles).  So all in all, an  extremely likeable movie that has enough clever humor that it does not  readily wear thin.  Probably worth a video purchase if you've ever had any  affection of a SF series or movie dealing with outer space. &quot;Never  give up...&quot; Hollywood sometimes finds a way to hit all the right  buttons(even blue ones)!
B00003XACV|5.0|The score of &quot;American Beauty&quot; is, in my opinion, superior to the soundtrack, because the riviting quality of the music flows as it was written, and isn't broken up by (albeit) excellent &quot;songs.&quot;  I  felt as glued to the chair while listening to this score as I did while  watching the movie.<br />For those who'd like an array of opinions . . . I  had this playing while people were in and out, all day today:  neighbors,  kids, relatives, colleagues.  Some recognized it as &quot;American  Beauty&quot; while others hadn't even seen the movie.<br />Here is a brief  list of comments made:  &quot;What IS that?  It sounds like 'Dafos'.&quot;  &quot;That's beautiful; it makes me think of little fairies in a  wood.&quot;  &quot;Oh, that's creepy, but it's good creepy.&quot;  &quot;That can't be New Age stuff; it's got to be some of that old temple  music you've got.&quot;  &quot;Where did you GET that?  I don't want to  leave!&quot; and &quot;This music you've got playing, it speaks about the  human condition.&quot;<br />The &quot;American Beauty&quot; score seems to  clutch at something basic in everyone, which I would guess explains why it  was the perfect music for the film.<br />Buy this.  You won't be disappointed.  Neither will anyone around you!
0440219078|5.0|I read this book a few years ago when I was in 4th grade. I am in 7th grade now.  Some people think that this book would scare little kids.  It never scared me.  I just loved it.  I do think that it is a super good book for more mature kids.  I have read this book so many times that I cant  count any more.  I just want to say that the Giver is the best fiction book  that I have ever read.  I recommend it to all mature readers.  This book  has so much depth in it.  The first time I read it I cried,  it was so  good.  I never cry while reading (except for when I read Gone With The Wind  at the end). After I read it,  i later rocommended it to my friends.  They  all read it and said that it was the best book that they had ever read.  I  just want to say that it is amazing and wonderful and touching and makes  you feel wonderful.                                              Luv YA!
6304698526|3.0|BULLITT is clearly an american film noir of the sixties. Members of the Organisation wear black hats, politicians are rotten and cops have the blues. Furthermore, the music of Lalo Shiffrin brings a cool jazzy  atmosphere to the ensemble.<br />The scene which will stay in my memory isn't  the long car chase in the streets of San Francisco but the face of Steve  McQueen sitting in the passenger's seat of Jacqueline Bisset's pink  Porsche. It's worth multiple viewings.<br />Warner did a pretty good jod with  the DVD transfer, as for DIRTY HARRY, and bonus features are more than  allright.<br />A 1968 DVD.
B000002TYK|3.0|3 1/2 stars. Catchy songs and melodies, with a hard edge. Grohl has been influenced more by the Beatles than his contemporary, Cobain.<br />Not a classic, but good.
B000001Y5X|4.0|I don't write many reviews, butin case you want to buy this cd I thought I would clarify something that many people don't get - The song misery machine. Misery Machine is about Scooby Doo. Remember their van - the  Mistery Machine? This song is a darker look at the show. It's about  traveling down the road of evil things and even refers to a famous Wiccan  organization of Magick. This is only one example of how manson takes  innocient seeming things and shines a dark light on it.
B000002UKS|3.0|...but I liked the first one better.
B00000J6AG|4.0|True, Moby was once considered the &quot;face of techno,&quot; having brought some identity to a largely faceless genre of music.  *Play*, however, is a bold departure from that format, edging away from the cold,  mechanical feel normally associated with techno (only &quot;Machete&quot;  and &quot;Bodyrock&quot; sound like &quot;techno,&quot; and they both seem  somewhat out of place on this album) and retooling electronic dance music  for the non-technophile.<br />The first half of the album gives you seven or  eight truly distinctive pop songs with funky beats, various arrangements,  and an uncommon spirituality not found in most current music.  Oh yeah, and  it has samples, too - not just your typical James Brown or P-Funk samples  but long-forgotten snippets of blues, gospel, spirituals, field hollers,  and the like.  It's really an amazing progression of songs that contains  more propulsive numbers like &quot;Honey&quot; and &quot;Bodyrock&quot;  alongside bluesy mid-tempo tracks like &quot;Find My Baby&quot; and  &quot;Natural Blues,&quot; and elegant Europop like &quot;Porcelain&quot;  and &quot;South Side.&quot;  The second half begins to meander a bit with a  dive into ambient territory, but it stills seems to fit into the format  established in the first half and offers a change of pace with its  reflective instrumentals and spoken-word interludes.  Highlights include  &quot;Everloving,&quot; &quot;Inside,&quot; and &quot;My Weakness.&quot;   It also includes a quirky number called &quot;Run On&quot; that oddly  juxtaposes an entire song from that bygone era with modern elements, and  strangely it works!  Solid from start to finish, *Play* leaves a deep  impression and sustains the listener for quite some time.  Deep and  uplifting, the album will appeal to a broad spectrum of music lovers.  It  has a balance to it that gives it a commercial quality but also challenges  the listener at the same time.<br />This album is a minor milestone in modern  music, and imitators are sure to follow.  Hopefully, we can expect more  such innovation from Moby.
B000002TQV|4.0|It's all very well and good to lavish praise upon Radiohead's third album, OK Computer, but to overlook the merits of their second album, The Bends (as many have done) is a gross and severely punishable oversight. While it  is an oversight that I myself made for many a month (and for which I am  sore repentant, may Nigel Godrich strike me down if it is not so),  bedazzled by OK Computer's sparkling yet claustrophobic bursts of paranoia,  it was only when I went back and listened to The Bends (which I bought as a  callow youth) with the benefit of hindsight that I began to realise how  much I really liked it. Sure, on first listening there was nothing as  immediately gripping as some of OK Computer's finest moments, but gradually  the gorgeously understated songs on The Bends started sinuously worming  their way into my subconscious, where they remain, glinting like ancient  artifacts half buried in the seabed, to this day.<br />So what is it about The  Bends that makes me keep coming back to it? These days I find Radiohead's  other two albums somewhat passe, but I've certainly always got room on my  stereo for The Bends. Is it Thom Yorke's fey, filmy voice? Is it the  record's crisp, immediate sound (bravo to the engineers, the aforementioned  Mr Godrich, bless his soul, included)? Or is it the way the band works so  well together on this record? The rhythm section is as tight as punchy as  I've ever heard a rhythm section sound and the guitar playing is veritably  as clear as a bell. <br />I don't think that I'll ever really know why I keep  listening to the Bends. One thing, however, is for sure: when I listen to  songs like The Bends, High And Dry and Black Star, I'm glad that I bought  this album and that bands like Radiohead are out there, bringing the light  of really good rock music to the huddling, benighted masses.
B00000K19E|5.0|well...that was about all i had to say:-)
B000002Q88|5.0|Despite only reaching #114 on the album chart and no single charting or getting any airplay,this is one of KANSAS's best records.Steve Walsh sings with more fire than ever before.INSIDE OF ME,ONE MAN ONE HEART,ONCE IN A  LIFETIME,and STAND BESIDE ME are all powerful songs that should have been  big hits.Guitarist Steve Morse is especially impressive on the THE PREACHER  and the red hot rocker HOUSE ON FIRE.For this album to go unnoticed is a  travesty!
B000002WMH|5.0|What's not to like about this collection?  If Elvis sang it, it's here.  Even the stuff recorded at county fairs is entertaining, though it shouldn't be consigned to the last disc.<br />This may not be the essential  set to begin a collection (the 60's Masters I is), it's a definite  must-have.  Every time I listen to it I am reminded what an incredible  voice he had.  Long live the King!
B000023VR6|4.0|considering that you pay 13.99 on up for a cd with only 13-15-17 tracks i say your getting a pretty good deal, plus this cd aint half quite bad:next episode,forgot about dre,Still d.r.e. and a lot other are great songs and  it kinda reminds you of back in the day when dre and snoop used to kick it  back in the day back on Death row. back when Nuthin but a g thang baby,two  .... goin crazay,you feelin me?
B000002WUD|5.0|When I bought this set, the only 70s Elvis I knew was Burning Love.  It's one of my all time faves, but it may not be the best in this collection.<br />The 70s was certainly Elvis' most interesting period  musically.  Though he didn't have a top ten pop hit after 1972, he was a  mainstay on the country charts and this collection reflects his return to  his country and rockabilly roots.  It also showcases what an incredible and  incredibly bold performer he was.  The live album is a true gem (Froggy  went a Courtin' is a great surprise at the end) and what other performer  could steal the signature song of the other greatest singer of all time and  do good by it?  I hope Sinatra appreciated what Elvis did with My Way, I  sure did.
B00004T9UF|4.0|this cd is just as good as the 1st cd and shady is back to tell all yall hatas that he aint goin nowherw!  Ken Kaniff is back as well rep. tha 2G. stan is a good song but the only song i aint feelin is Kim. its kinda  ood to me though
B000002WNP|5.0|Now that I've sent Abbie Hoffman spinning in his grave, own this collection.  Five stars doesn't do it justice.  I may write a second review simply to get the additional five stars this set deserves.<br />Something's  powerfully right when one of the weakest songs in a five-disc set is a top  ten hit (In the Ghetto).  Even the alternate takes are scintillating.   Suspicious Minds (my fave) may be better without the backing vocals.<br />If  you're going to own only one of the three big boxes, make it this one.
B00004T8RK|5.0|Pearl Jam has written and played some of the greatest rock in the last 10 years and for some reason people stopped listening after vitalogy. This is a great album just like the six before it. It might not catch your ear as  fast as ten, vs., and viatology but just like No Code and yeild you listen  through a few times you'll be hooked. If you have any sense of what good  music sounds like you will put up the cash for this one. Pearl jam is one  of the last great rock bands and this is just more proof. top listening to  that B.S. they are selling you now and listening to one of the few bands  that survived the grundge erea.
B000003N89|5.0|To be honest, I'm only 13, and I absolutely love this CD.  I actually &quot;borrowed&quot; it from my dad, but don't tell him.  From the upbeat tempos of Hit That Jive Jack to the soulful vocals of Boulevard of Broken  Dreams, this CD has got it all.  But my personal favorite is Baby Baby All  the Time.  Ms. Krall's voice is hypnotic and soulful, and completes the  range of songs perfectly.  I also really enjoy Deed I Do, If I Had You,  Frim Fram Sauce, Errand Girl for Rhythym, Hit that Jive Jack, A Blossom  Fell, and well, you get the idea.  This is a wonderful piece of work, and I  promise you that you will not be wasting your money on it.  Happy  listening!
B00004SCX6|5.0|When I first heard this CD, I loved it!  And I still do.  Here are the ratings to the songs:<br />#1-...Oops I Did It Again-5/5.  It was a very well sung song even though it does sound a little like the chorus of &quot;Woman  in Love&quot;......it still is a really great song.<br />#2-Stronger-6/5.   This is the #1 song on the album!  The sound effects are really great,  especially with that part she sings,&quot;Here I go (here I go, here I go,  etc)&quot;  And the chorus is very cool.  AND this song has a good message,  &quot;Be yourself&quot;<br />#3-Don't Go Knocking on My Door-4/5.  It was  pretty good, I guess.  The part where she says in the beginning &quot;Don't  go knock my door&quot; is slightly annoying, but you get over it  eventually.<br />#4-Satisfaction (I Can't Get No)-4/5.  Very good remake.  I  love the beginning with all of the guitars!<br />#5-Don't Let Me Be The Last  To Know-5/5.  I didn't like the background music that much or the very slow  parts.  But otherwise, the rest of the song is very good!<br />#6-What U See  (Is What U Get)-5/5.  This song is really upbeat, danceable.  That's what  makes the song so good.<br />#7-Lucky-5/5.  At first when I heard this song, I  didn't like it that much.  But after listening to it a few times, I began  to like it a lot!  The part I like best is about 2:10 into the  song.<br />#8-One Kiss From You-5/5.  This is a really sweet song.  I love the  chorus of it: &quot;Just one kiss from you and suddenly I see the road laid  out in front of me...&quot;<br />#9-Where Are You Now-4/5.  The song is just a  little too slow, but otherwise it's a really great song with wonderful  lyrics.<br />#10-Can't Make You Love Me-6/5.  The #2 best song on the album!   There really aren't any BEST parts of the song because it's so good.  But  about 2:17 into the song where she goes, &quot;Just the thought of being  close to you...&quot; is awesome.<br />#11-When Your Eyes Say It-5/5.  If  Britney didn't talk so much in the song it'd be the best song on the album.   I personally think that she should have sung the song the whole time.  Oh  well, it's still a really good song!  The absolute best part is when she  sings (about 2:20 into the song), &quot;And the words they say, take your  breath away...&quot;<br />#12-Dear Diary-3/5.  For Britney's first writing  attempt for a song it's a really good try.  But the song is a little too  short.<br />My only complaint on this album is that it didn't include the  &quot;...Oops I Did It Again&quot; video or anything like the &quot;...Baby  One More Time&quot; album.  Oh well, maybe next time.  Otherwise, good job,  Britney!
B0000024IE|5.0|Revolutionary politics and surging music has always made a great combination.  This album should be placed next to MC5's &quot;Kick Out the Jams&quot;, The Clash's self-titled debut album, and Rage Agains the  Machine's &quot;Evil Empire.&quot;  The album is simply amazing.  &quot;911  is a joke&quot;, with its throbbing bass-line, confronts the listener as  well as being really funny.  Flava Flav is a political trickster, a true  court jester for these politically cynical times.  &quot;911 is a  joke&quot; also makes a great addition to the canon of so-called &quot;road  music.&quot;  Blast it in your car, see what happens.  &quot;Burn Hollywood  Burn&quot; is a lashing out at the still-stuck-in-Jim Crow mode-Hollywood  (&quot;The Green Mile&quot;, anyone?).  This album is a monumental  masterpiece considering it was released after the socially-irresponsible  military-happy Reagen Era.  Buy this album now, it'll knock your socks off  and won't quit!
B000002AV5|5.0|Even though I have all of Sade's CDs, I still found it necessary to get all of her hits on one CD.  Sade defined the sound of mixing r&amp;b and &quot;smooth&quot; jazz together.  Through the classic &quot;Your Love Is  King&quot; all the way to &quot;Cherish the Day&quot;, Sade has worked on  this sound.  Some people are even following in their footsteps today.  The  only thing is that there will never be another Sade. Hits like &quot;The  Sweetest Taboo&quot;, &quot;Hang On To Your Love&quot;, &quot;Smooth  Operator&quot;, &quot;No Ordinary Love&quot;,&quot;Like A Tattoo&quot;,  etc. could never be duplicated.  What I like about Sade is that no matter  how many groups after them tried to do something similar as far as the  music or the words are concerned, Sade always had a distinctive sound.   When you heard a new Sade song on the radio, you knew it was Sade.  This is  one of the best greatest hits collections that I own.
B000031WD9|5.0|Let's get this straight from the start, American Pie is not going to appeal to all, but anyone with an ounce of humour, anyone who is or has been young or wants to know how the average teen mind works,look no  further. Great characters(due to a highly talented cast)keep you interested  in what could have ended up as just another teen flick, but the use of  baked goods and sweats socks as sex aids alone makes for an amusing 90  mins. Following the four friends through their sexual awakenings we see(and  remember) just how hard being a teenager is,how embarassing parents really  are, but most of all how the friends we have when we are young are the best  we ever have. If you learn nothing else from this film, you will learn to  be VERY careful with your digital cameras and your e-mailing lists!
6305165912|5.0|All of the bad reviews for this movie will not stand.  The dude minds man.  this is the funniest movie ever made man.  The language actually makes the movie funnier.  I heard that there are 241 f words in this movie.  But like  I said it makes it funnier.  I recommend this movie to adults who are  looking for a bunch of laughs.
B00000255F|5.0|Look, the music industry cycles through fads and repetitions of fads and everything is always great, new, and revolutionary.  They're always selling it to you and it's always bold, original, and meaningful.  Or it's  Brittany.<br />Despite this, every so often, some kid actually buys the B.S.;  believes the lie; thinks that music is somehow powerful, true, and real.  Some of those kids sit in their room and obsess about their feelings, too.  And some of them even have talent and enough obsessive drive to want to  practice and play an instrument.<br />If they have any real ability, they may  aspire to actually have something to say.  If they're lucky, they may get  it said.  Very rarely will they find other people to help them say it and  other people to listen.<br />Springsteen is one of these people (we used to  call them artists, but now we've confused THAT with people who can move  rhythmically while mouthing banalities into a wireless mike) and the best  recent example of this lucky coincidence of personal obsession, talent, and  historical good-timing.  And Born to Run is where it all came together  first.  I think it's an example of the highest kind of meeting point  between individual artistic obsession and a cultural need.<br />The first  time I heard it, in 1977, I was bewildered.  It sounded like no other music  at the time and I didn't really catch on until the fall of 1978 when I went  to see Bruce and the Band at Boutwell auditorium in Birmingham, AL, pushing  the Darkness on the Edge of Town record.  I can only say that I don't think  that ancient Greek tragedy could possibly have had a stronger effect on its  audience than Springsteen and the guys did that night.  Emotional and  spiritual catharis and complete exhaustion.<br />Through the years Springsteen  remained constant only in his variablility, but that's what artists do, I  guess.  The culture went somewhere else, but Springsteen explored more  mature forms of emotion and life experience and I imagine he's worried,  more or less, off and on, about whether anybody cares anymore.<br />I saw them  for the second time on June 4, 2000 and I was completely amazed at the  continued skill and energy they put into performance.  Even more, the depth  of expression in his songs has grown over the years.  I would give a lot of  money for a recording of the song Youngstown from that night.  And, when  the house lights came up and the band rolled into Born to Run, the place  went mad, just like 22 years ago.  You cannot pay someone enough to do what  Springsteen does.  He has to need to do it, and, thank God, Springsteen  does.d I imagine he's worried,  more or less, off and on, about whether anybody cares anymore.<br />I saw them  for the second time on June 4, 2000 and I was completely amazed at the  continued skill and energy they put into performance.  Even more, the depth  of expression in his songs has grown over the years.  I would give a lot of  money for a recording of the song Youngstown from that night.  And, when  the house lights came up and the band rolled into Born to Run, the place  went mad, just like 22 years ago.  You cannot pay someone enough to do what  Springsteen does.  He has to need to do it, and, thank God, Springsteen  does.
B00004TH83|5.0|I, like many others, bought the CD on the strength of &quot;I WILL LOVE AGAIN&quot; and I was not dissappointed. While, 'Love' is a snappy, dance-y club cut, much of the CD is filled with powerful, heart wrenching ballads,  that will rival anything Celine or Whitney or Mariah have to offer.  Lara  (who offeres a cut in Italian ) has a magnificent voice,that reminds me of  Australian Tina Arena in strength and power. The cut, &quot;You Are My  Heart&quot; sounds so tailor-made for Top40 radio play, and I hope to hear  it there soon. Other upbeat cuts like &quot;I Am Who I Am&quot; and  &quot;Till I Get Over You&quot; have those infectious beats that stay in  your head and give you something to hum in the shower - even if you can't  remember the words!  I look forward to more from Lara Fabian. Great  songs, great music, great voice. What more could you want?
6305280711|2.0|As if John McTeirnan has shown a terminal illness from Medicine Man on, Die Hard 3 is laborious, lifeless, logicless, and just a bore.  At least you can say hats off to McTeirnan by trying to take the fun out of a  character who antics and energy launched a thousand stupid knockoffs.  But  instead of succeeding in making Willis' McClane a darker, almost anti-hero,  perhaps he should have given him some anti-depressants.  The plot just  doesn't know what to do with Willis' character.  It makes him darker and  bitter...and then he gets chased by a madmen. End of character conflict,  unless you count his overwhelming angst and grief in trying to save 9  million people.   Throwing in a great actor like Samuel Jackson to make up  for inadequecies in Willis' writing only mildly covers it up.  Jeremy Irons  is always great but when the BIG SCENES involve solving riddles that could  have been culled from a R.I.F. van, some writer out there didn't realize  that infusing clever puzzles make not a plot clever.  McTeirnan never  really plots a point, he just has the characters going through one scene  after another with no real progression. By the end, in an anticlimatic  ending, we feel like we've gone no where...like the NY cabbie who supposed  to take me five blocks and drives me halfway across the city.  At least all  I have to do is remember his name and I can report him.  If McTeirnan makes  too many more films like this, no ones gonna remember him, let alone write  it down...    8 years after this review...check out the superior Live Free or Die Hard.  Unlike DH3, it succeeds at keeping the plot simple, keeping the pace going, and over achieving on the action sequences, and going back to the types of things that made you love McClane without retreading.
B000002MZ6|5.0|I must confess that I decided to buy this CD, sight unseen, based purely on rave reviews that I had read about it.<br />Combining a blend of classic Oldfield with snippets of Enigma, Jon Anderson's Olias of Sunhillow,  Vangelis and at times a Stephen Hawkins soundalike, MO has produced a CD of  outstanding quality. I am a great fan of his music but this CD surpasses  any of his previous works. Combining many different styles, influences and  emotions, &quot;The Songs of Distant Earth&quot; is a must for any MO fan.
6305095442|4.0|Easily the best movie in the series. Although the first is a genuine classic, poor acting and nominal budget make it a little more subversive than it really needed to be. Army of Darkness as a horror movie made a  fairly mindless but likeable comedy...Raimi waited til A Simple Plan to  really infuse suspense back into his flix. The happy median is this ED2,  with smarter humor and appeal than the third (the  hiding-behind-a-door-to-outrun-an-evil-entity trick comes to mind) but with  enough suspense for those who remembered when Linda was not Bridget Fonda.  Heck, Raimi even throws in the proverbial kitchen sink (well, it's an oven)  at the end. If you really want to shop SMart, choose Evil Dead 2.
038533348X|5.0|Jonah, the main character, plans on writing a book about the day that Hiroshima was hit by the a-bomb, but not about the bomb itself: he wants anecdotes, stories that happened to people on that particular day.  To  pursue this idea, he gets in touch with Newton Hoenikker (son of Felix  Hoenikker, inventor of the a-bomb) and many other characters related to  Hoenikker's life.  We see that his interest shifts slowly from the day the  a-bomb hit Hiroshima to the Hoenikker family.  This wild information chase  leads him to an island, San Lorenzo, where Frank Hoenikker (another son of  Felix's) is one of the top dogs - his title exactly, I can't  remember.<br />Anyway, before dying, Felix had invented ice-nine, a chemical  product able to &quot;teach&quot; water molecules to assemble themselves in  a different manner, the way oranges can be piled up in a different manner  in a crate.<br />This tale, also revolving around a religion thoroughly  explained - called Bokononism - gives us an apocalyptic view of ourselves,  and takes to the extremes many things we take for granted.  And still, for  some reason, you just can't help laughing at the bitterness and harshness  with which this story is written.<br />This is without a doubt a must-read,  and is one of the best-ended books of all time.  You will not be  disappointed.
0790739917|5.0|I enjoy that movie it is how I feel right now with my angel from heaven he is not with me but I can always see him when I close my eyes and imagine he is with me.
0767849493|4.0|Jay and Silent Bob may be along for the ride, but this movie moves to new ground for Kevin Smith. Its dark, its thought-provoking and most of all its what we like to see from Smith.. its gutsy.<br />The casting and effects are  impressive, especially in contrast with Clerks. However, this is far from a  Hollywood sell-out. Smith just takes things to a different level.<br />If you  are a Christian (especially Catholic) and easily offended, I honestly would  suggest you steer clear of this. However, if you can step back and take a  quirky irreverent view of the Christian faith, you may find this  enjoyable.<br />Overall, it may not be as strictly humorous as its  predecessors (and it is far more violent), but it is definately worth your  time. Whether you are a Kevin Smith fan or not, just enter it with a clean  slate and an open mind and you will not be disappointed.
6303270034|5.0|So what if this wasn't &quot;Tombstone&quot;, or your average hero film.  Do you read a (auto)biography for an action scene?  That's exactly what &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot; tries to be, true to most of the facts, but a little  biased, a biography.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This album totally rocks with a great beat and cool lyrics you cant go wrong... BUY IT!
B00003W8NM|2.0|I wanted to like this movie so much.  I really did.  I caught onto the plot twist early on, and had no problem with it.  The acting and the direction were good, I just felt the story itself was just ok.  I dont want  to give too much away, but in the end the movie was just ok.<br />The DVD  package is awesome.  The extra stuff is great.  But the movie is not.   Three Kings was a Great Movie with a great DVD package.  Fight Club is a Ok  movie with a great disc full of extra stuff.<br />I say rent it, don't buy it.
B00003CWOL|3.0|Let's be frank: visually, &quot;Dogma&quot; is unimpressive. The special effects look TV-quality, the editing is jerky, the cinematography is bland and Kevin Smith's direction is unispired.  <br />Thankfully, the sins of  &quot;Dogma&quot; are far outweighed by its virtues. Smith's script is  hilarious, thought-provoking, and ultimately touching. To act it out, he's  rounded up a top-notch cast that brings genuine life to their roles.  <br />Brainy bombshell Linda Fiorentino is Bethany, chosen seemingly at random  by the sarcastic angel Metatron (Alan Rickman) to work for God. Her  mission: to stop a pair of fallen angels (Ben Affleck and Matt Damon) from  exploiting a Catholic Church loophole that will get them back into Heaven.  If they do, they'll prove God wrong, thus erasing everything He/She has  created. <br />Bethany's reluctant allies in her quest include Chris Rock as  Rufus, the unrecorded 13th apostle, kicked out of Earth, Heaven and history  for rightly insisting that Jesus was black; Salma Hayek as a Muse with a  heavenly body and a brain to match; and everyone's favorite potheads Jay  and Silent Bob (Jason Mewes and Smith.) <br />Fiorentino gives yet another  great performance, contrasted nicely by Rickman's sad, exasperated angel.  Affleck and Damon's menacing twist on their pretty-boy images is genuinely  disturbing. Mewes is reliably funny as the imbecilic Jay, and Smith shows  perfect comic timing and impressive range as Silent Bob.  <br />The story  mostly coasts along on a vast supply of smart-alec wit, but a few scenes  rise above the rest: an unnerving parking-garage confrontation between  Affleck and Damon, and a quiet lakeside chat between Fiorentino and  Rickman. &quot;Dogma&quot; also scores points for keeping most of its  script's excessive violence stylishly offscreen. <br />Bottom line:  &quot;Dogma&quot; is not a well-made film, but it is a good one. You will  laugh loudly and often, and come away with a greater respect for the powerof faith and the importance of believing in something greater than  yourself. <br />Film fans take note: in October 2000 View Askew will release  the &quot;collector's edition&quot; of this film, with more than an hour of  cut footage and plenty of other extra goodies.
6304372620|5.0|This film is a masterpiece. It starts with a vision of children in Hell's  Kitchen, a deprived neighborhood of New York City in the sixties, where  four boys, deeply religious or at least deeply influenced by religion and a  priest, one day sink into a prank that turns criminal. They destroy the  cart of a hotdog vendor, a Greek man who is working hard to bring his  family to the US, and by doing so cause severe injuries to an innocent man  who is crushed by the cart. They are sent to a boys' institution. This film  shows how some young guards or wardens take advantage of the kids to give  way to their sadistic violence and their perverted peadophiliac sexual  drives. It is hell and not reformation, the hell of rape, beating,  torturing, sexual assault in all possible forms. That is the first  dimension of the film. The second dimension is revealed by the fact that  two of those four boys recognize the worst of these guards in a restaurant  one night (twenty or so years later) and just kill him on the spur of the  moment and out of cold blood. The other two boys will organize their  defense, with the help of some older people of the community and the trial  will be rigged by the prosecutor who is one of them and a lawyer hired to  go along with the setup. The trial becomes then a full denunciation of the  hell those kids have lived in, through the counter-examination of a  prosecuting witness, one of the two particularly vicious guards, a good  friend of the one who was killed. This witness will later be killed by some  black people, because the band of guards he belonged to managed to kill the  brother of a black artist because he stood in their way and tried to  prevent the  torturing . This is the second level of the film. The third  level comes with the search, by the fourth friend and the girl who was  associated to their group, for a witness to give them a perfect alibi on  the night of the murder. They find that witness in the person of the priest  who had been their close adviser and religious friend all along. He swears  on the Bible to tell the truth, but he lies skillfully and unquestionably  to give them the alibi they need to be acquitted. But he does not really  lie, in the eyes of God, because for him the condemnation of such hellish  boys' institutions is more important than the freedom of the two boys. He  saves the boys (close to thirty by then) to force public opinion and  justice to look into those institutions, thanks to his priestly authority.  This reveals that in life you never have to choose between good and evil,  the truth and a lie. You have to choose most of the time between two evils,  two lies, and you have to ponder in your soul and mind, in your human and  religious responsibility, to know which evil and which lie are worse and  then decide to support the least evil and the least vicious lie, and then  your  lying  is between you and your soul, between you and your ethics,  between you and your God, if you believe in God. This level is absolutely  superbly done. Finally the film is in a way pessimistic about society that  can only move on from lesser lie to lesser lie, from lesser evil to lesser  evil. Society improves because the lesser lies and evils are chosen by the  men and women who have some kind of humane and humanistic inspiration,  based on personal ethics or on their religious beliefs. This film should be  shown to all teenagers to demonstrate to them how ugly life can be at times  and how they have to react with their souls, minds, thinking and  intelligence, rather than with a pre-constructed code of behaviour or a set  of pleasure-directed spontaneous feelings. God always forgive a lie if it  reveals some evil and enables our human society to correct this evil and  hence improve. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Universities of Paris IX and II.been their close adviser and religious friend all along. He swears  on the Bible to tell the truth, but he lies skillfully and unquestionably  to give them the alibi they need to be acquitted. But he does not really  lie, in the eyes of God, because for him the condemnation of such hellish  boys' institutions is more important than the freedom of the two boys. He  saves the boys (close to thirty by then) to force public opinion and  justice to look into those institutions, thanks to his priestly authority.  This reveals that in life you never have to choose between good and evil,  the truth and a lie. You have to choose most of the time between two evils,  two lies, and you have to ponder in your soul and mind, in your human and  religious responsibility, to know which evil and which lie are worse and  then decide to support the least evil and the least vicious lie, and then  your  lying  is between you and your soul, between you and your ethics,  between you and your God, if you believe in God. This level is absolutely  superbly done. Finally the film is in a way pessimistic about society that  can only move on from lesser lie to lesser lie, from lesser evil to lesser  evil. Society improves because the lesser lies and evils are chosen by the  men and women who have some kind of humane and humanistic inspiration,  based on personal ethics or on their religious beliefs. This film should be  shown to all teenagers to demonstrate to them how ugly life can be at times  and how they have to react with their souls, minds, thinking and  intelligence, rather than with a pre-constructed code of behaviour or a set  of pleasure-directed spontaneous feelings. God always forgive a lie if it  reveals some evil and enables our human society to correct this evil and  hence improve. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Universities of Paris IX and II.
B00003CX5A|4.0|Visually stunning, deliciously creepy and loads of fun, Tim Burton and Andrew Kevin Walker's adaptation of &quot;Sleepy Hollow&quot; is a spooky treat. Squeamish detective Ichabod Crane is sent to Sleepy Hollow to  investigate a strange, gruesome series of murders. There, he must pit his  scientific methods and cool rationalism against a foe who may not be of  this earth. <br />Burton seems to be having the time of his life amid the  gloomy, fog-shrouded forests of Sleepy Hollow; his trademark giddy  weirdness is benefitted here by absolutely breathtaking cinematography and  production design. Christina Ricci, usually a spirited actress, seems a  little out of it as Katrina Von Tassel (perhaps her corset was too tight?)  Johnny Depp delightfully plays against type as a sissy-boy hero who faints  at spiders, backed up well by Marc Pickering as his plucky sidekick. The  Horseman is also great fun as a villain. Headless, he's played by Ray Park  with the same vicious swagger Park gave Darth Maul. Christopher Walken,  playing the headed version, sports a white fright wig and teeth you've got  to see to believe. Watch also for great cameos by the likes of Martin  Landau and ex-Dracula Christopher Lee. <br />The action is spirited, the  atmosphere creepy and absorbing. The graphic gore is mostly over-the-top  silly, but is also treated with sensitivity and restraint when it needs to  be. If you're looking for a fun action movie with atmosphere and eye candy  to spare, &quot;Sleepy Hollow&quot; should be your destination.
6304372620|4.0|This film is a masterpiece. It starts with a vision of children in Hell's Kitchen, a deprived neighborhood of New York City in the sixties, where four boys, deeply religious or at least deeply influenced by religion and a priest, one day sink into a prank that turns criminal. They destroy the  cart of a hotdog vendor, a Greek man who is working hard to bring his  family to the US, and by doing so cause severe injuries to an innocent man  who is crushed by the cart. They are sent to a boys' institution. This film  shows how some young guards or wardens take advantage of the kids to give  way to their sadistic violence and their perverted peadophiliac sexual  drives. It is hell and not reformation, the hell of rape, beating,  torturing, sexual assault in all possible forms. That is the first  dimension of the film. The second dimension is revealed by the fact that  two of those four boys recognize the worst of these guards in a restaurant  one night (twenty or so years later) and just kill him on the spur of the  moment and out of cold blood. The other two boys will organize their  defense, with the help of some older people of the community and the trial  will be rigged by the prosecutor who is one of them and a lawyer hired to  go along with the setup. The trial becomes then a full denunciation of the  hell those kids have lived in, through the counter-examination of a  prosecuting witness, one of the two particularly vicious guards, a good  friend of the one who was killed. This witness will later be killed by some  black people, because the band of guards he belonged to managed to kill the  brother of a black artist because he stood in their way and tried to  prevent the  torturing . This is the second level of the film. The third  level comes with the search, by the fourth friend and the girl who was  associated to their group, for a witness to give them a perfect alibi on  the night of the murder. They find that witness in the person of the priest  who had been their close adviser and religious friend all along. He swears  on the Bible to tell the truth, but he lies skillfully and unquestionably  to give them the alibi they need to be acquitted. But he does not really  lie, in the eyes of God, because for him the condemnation of such hellish  boys' institutions is more important than the freedom of the two boys. He  saves the boys (close to thirty by then) to force public opinion and  justice to look into those institutions, thanks to his priestly authority.  This reveals that in life you never have to choose between good and evil,  the truth and a lie. You have to choose most of the time between two evils,  two lies, and you have to ponder in your soul and mind, in your human and  religious responsibility, to know which evil and which lie are worse and  then decide to support the least evil and the least vicious lie, and then  your  lying  is between you and your soul, between you and your ethics,  between you and your God, if you believe in God. This level is absolutely  superbly done. Finally the film is in a way pessimistic about society that  can only move on from lesser lie to lesser lie, from lesser evil to lesser  evil. Society improves because the lesser lies and evils are chosen by the  men and women who have some kind of humane and humanistic inspiration,  based on personal ethics or on their religious beliefs. This film should be  shown to all teenagers to demonstrate to them how ugly life can be at times  and how they have to react with their souls, minds, thinking and  intelligence, rather than with a pre-constructed code of behaviour or a set  of pleasure-directed spontaneous feelings. God always forgive a lie if it  reveals some evil and enables our human society to correct this evil and  hence improve. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Universities of Paris IX and II.
B000002OOY|4.0|There are three good tracks on this CD, and they are numbers 2, 4, and 16.  The rest of the CD is, in my opinion, not nearly what John Williams is capable of.  The reason I gave this album four stars is because these three  tracks are amazingly great.  However, it seems like Williams put no effort  into the rest of the music.  If you're a die hard John Williams fan, buy  this CD; but don't otherwise.
B0000033IR|5.0|Though the original LP was certainly worth the price of admission, this reissue, augmented with mono single versions and the unedited mix of \\"Chain of Fools\\" is a real treat. The original 56-second intro  to \\"Chain of Fools,\\" clipped for the single and LP and heard here  for the first time on CD, sets Joe South's twangy guitar against Aretha's gospelizations and provides a completely different launch to the  song. The single will forever sound edited once you've heard the full  cut. Franklin also recorded her signature version of Goffin & King's  \\"(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman,\\" backed by the Muscle  Shoals rhythm section and the harmonies of the Sweet  Inspirations. Elsewhere, she works out on James Brown's \\"Money Won't  Change You\\", Curtis Mayfield's \\"People Get Ready,\\" Ray  Charles \\"Come Back Baby,\\" The Rascals \\"Groovin',\\" as  well as her own \\"Since You've Been Gone (Sweet Sweet  Baby).\\" Franklin's third LP packs plenty of punch and this reissue  sweetens the till.
B00003CWOL|5.0|I thought Kevin Smith's movie was hysterical, truly destined to be a comedy classic.  I'm sure it will do MUCH better in the VHS and DVD markets than it ever did in the theater.   It is DEFINITELY worth watching.  Some  will take offense (diehard Catholics, most definitely), however it's hard  to call a movie blasphemous which speaks glowingly of the infinite patience  of God, and which accepts without question the fundamental truths of  Christianity, including the virgin birth, the uniqueness of Christ as God's  only Son, the reality of heaven, and the power and responsibilities of the  Church.  It blends comedic genius with thought-provoking theological ideas  (some inane, of course).  If you can get past your own &quot;dogma&quot;,  you'll thoroughly enjoy this flick.
6304712936|5.0|I loved this refreshing portrayal of Mozart and Abraham's unforgettable characterization of Salieri. Salieri, the older rival composer, realizes he cannot match the pure genius of the young and impudent Wolfgang Amadeus.  His discovery and realization of Mozart's genius is so vivid and  convincing, that anyone watching comes away with a new or renewed  appreciation for this great music. The human side of these people makes  this story special also. Jealousy consumes Salieri on the one hand while it  is Mozart whose health deteriorates as he pays the price for his exuberant  and questionable lifestyle. The aging Salieri unmercifully lives to witness  his music fading into obscurity and declares himself &quot;the patron saint  of mediocrity's everywhere&quot;. Mozart's immortal achievements are  destined to live on and we come to share Salieri's wonder and respect for  this music. Although historically inaccurate on many counts, the spirit of  the music and its impact on the times is true to the heart. Worthy of the  praise this movie has received, I highly recommend it.
6305807086|3.0|I'll probably get bashed for not liking this film, at least it didn't live up to its hype of being an incredibly funny film, although there are some humorous scenes. The cameo by Charlie Sheen is the funniest part of the  film. I think Catherine Keener gives an amazing performance as a  self-centered coworker. She makes the character strangely attractive even I  wanted her. Enough about the film, what about the DVD? The standard theater  trailer and four 30 second TV spots are included. A documentary on  puppeteering is included which is sort of interesting. A 3-minute interview  with the director as he's driving is funny. It's like a motorcycle gang is  chasing him. I guess that's what working for a studio is like. Finally the  best part is a 6-minute interview/rant with a background driver for the NJ  turnpike scenes. That has to be the funniest thing. You just want to  sit-down, have a beer and let this person entertain you for hours. A DVD  that I wouldn't pay full price for I think I'd look for it on a discount or  previously-viewed  rack for the scenes I liked and the extras.
071198042X|3.0|Peter Freestone, a.k.a. Phoebe, was under too much pressure to write this book.  The result is a book, which is not as satisfactory as I imagined it would be.  This book IS a tell-all, coming from the man, who lived under  the same roof with FM for several years and have known him even longer.   What could be more telling than that?  It is a TELL-ALL, IN A GOOD SENCE OF  THE WORD. <br />I must admit that I laughed my head off, during some  particular recollections. The funniest thing is the  &quot;CASTING-LIST&quot; AT THE BEGINNING AND AT THE END OF THE BOOK. It  lists many people first, as they were when FM used to know them, and then,  as they are now, ten years after his death. <br />Despite the humor, wit, and  certain depth, this book IS NOT A MUST-READ, because much of the  information has already been discussed in previous books about FM.  I know  that all of you fans out-there will read it anyway, so why do I even bother  persuading you to do otherwise?  Well... because this book left me with  some strange and very sad feeling...not about Freddie Mercury, but about  Mr. Freestone himself. I can't help thinking that he suffered the loss of  FM more than he cares to admit, because he devoted too much of his own life  to FM, in a sence...  <br />Mr. Freestone seems to be a wonderful man, [the  most] decent person in music biz, and above all-- the kind of a friend that  anyone of us could wish for.  I hope that his book would be the last one  about Freddie Mercury, unless musicologists and professional biographers  decide to conduct serious research of FM's art and life.
B00000K501|5.0|This is a must have for any fan of really cool concerts, and definately for any Rammstein fan. I have a crummy copy I made of a friend's tape, and I still think it's one of the neatest things I've ever seen. Rammstein  really knows how to put on a great stage show! Plenty of awesome  pyrotechnics, including Till (the singer) donning a metal jacket and  setting it on fire. Plus, they sound AWESOME! All their bests songs are  here, and they sound really, really good. Whenever I'm not doing anything,  I pop this into the VCR and I'm entertained for an hour and a half, every  time. It never gets old! One word of warning: the stuff they do onstage  during &quot;Buck Dich&quot; is not for the faint of heart. Still, this is  one awesome show you don't want to miss!
B00003CWQ2|5.0|No letup from start to finsh! The best musical score! The coolest acting!<br />I ain't a Pitt fan, but damn he was good in this! Norton was even better!<br />Don't bother to rent, BUY IT!<br />Simply the best of its genre, if  there even is one for this movie!
6304406096|2.0|A bad movie, with a good james bond 007. This remake is not a real bond movie, there is not the original bond cast and makers. Sean Connery and Bernie Casey are the only good actors in this movie.
B0000028UK|5.0|From the moment 'Go' kicks in with a riff to die for until the haunting echoes of 'Indifference' fade to silence, 'Vs.' delivers. It is by far Pearl Jam's best work, every instrument, including Vedder's diverse vocal  stylings, fitting together seemlessly. More emotional than 'Ten', catchier  than 'Vitalogy', moodier than 'No Code' and livlier than 'Yield', this  album is at once moving and uplifting despite its lyrical content of child  abuse ('Daughter'), the American gun culture ('Glorified G'), the general  dog-eat-dog state of humanity ('Rats'), and heroin addiction ('Blood').  Vedder had more influence on 'Vs.', and it shows in the punky vibe behind  songs like 'Rearviewmirror' and 'Leash'. Indeed, this album is carried by  sheer song-writing talent as opposed to the old-school rock stylings of  'Ten' which was overdependent on its long guitar solos.<br />'Vs.' slams in  with perhaps the best opening couplet ever recorded, 'Go' and 'Animal'.  Hard rock mixing with hardciore power soon gives way to the softer, more  emotional 'Daughter', before cranking up a notch to another rocky  'Glorified G.' 'Dissident' showcases Vedder's powerful voice to the max,  before 'W.M.A', a moody number with a tribal feel brings us back down.  'Blood' is a slice of pure punk angst and energy, which sets you up  perfectly for arguably the best song ever written. 'Rearviewmirror' is  deep, emotional, and so, so musical. 'Rats' brings you back down to a funky  feel, before the acoustic 'Elderly Woman Behind the Counter in a Small  Town' shows that even taking the guitar solo's and distortion out of Pearl  Jam, they have the power to write catchy yet emotional music. 'Leash' is a  slice of fun punky rock, that brings you to the point of climax before  'Indifference' gently soothes you out of the album with its quiet beauty  and atmospheric keyboards.<br />Speaking from a personal viewpoint, this is my  favourite album. It is disappointing that Pearl Jam have veered so far from  what they accomplished on 'Vs.' As it stands, it is truly the greatest  album ever recorded, which, incidentally, still holds the record for the  fastest-selling album of all time. It is the only CD I have ever owned  that, five-years after I bought it, still holds that same allure, the same  atmosphere and emotion as it always has. My advice to anyone is to buy it  and love it as I have. But one word of warning to anybody who is into Pearl  Jam and has not heard this album: it is worth listening to, but once you  have heard it, it makes everything else Pearl Jam has ever done pale into  insignificance. It's your choice. I'll leave you with a line from the  album: &quot;I changed by not changing at all.&quot; If only that were  true.they accomplished on 'Vs.' As it stands, it is truly the greatest  album ever recorded, which, incidentally, still holds the record for the  fastest-selling album of all time. It is the only CD I have ever owned  that, five-years after I bought it, still holds that same allure, the same  atmosphere and emotion as it always has. My advice to anyone is to buy it  and love it as I have. But one word of warning to anybody who is into Pearl  Jam and has not heard this album: it is worth listening to, but once you  have heard it, it makes everything else Pearl Jam has ever done pale into  insignificance. It's your choice. I'll leave you with a line from the  album: &quot;I changed by not changing at all.&quot; If only that were  true.
0688156819|5.0|If you are a Tim Burton fan, get this book. It's a collection of fun and very Tim Burton poems. It's stories about outcasts and outsiders that make you feel better knowing you're not in their situations.<br /><br />The book looks like it is written for children, but I don't know if any kids would understand or enjoy it as a young adult like me did. The illustrations gave me the creeps; they are fun, yet disturbing at the same time. I recommend this book!
B00004SCX6|5.0|This cd was really vibrant.  Britney is a great singer.  I loved Oops!....I did it again.All my friends came to really like it too!  Buying this cd is totaly worth it!
6303014100|5.0|July 1,2,3 of 1863 were pivotal days in our country's history. &quot;Gettysburg&quot; does an admirable job of summing up the actions and emotions of this battle in about 4 hours. This is the best Civil War movie  that you are ever going to see. Why is it so good? Here are a number of  reasons:<br />ONE: The Acting...There is a good amount of solid actors playing  key roles in this movie. Sam Elliot, Martin Sheen, Jeff Daniels, and Tom  Berenger are the big names. They are supported by other very good actors.  They play their parts with proper accents and believability.<br />TWO:  Balance...Some Civil War movies almost make the South seem like the bad  guys (&quot;Glory&quot; comes to mind). No matter what part of the country  you are from, as you watch &quot;Gettysburg&quot; you feel for the fighters  on both sides. You understand the tough choices they had to make as this  movie spends even time in both army camps. In a normal movie, I would have  expected the Pickett's Charge scene to be a story of the Northerner's great  stand. In this movie, both the South and the North are given their due  during this key assault. <br />THREE: Personal Stories...This movie isn't just  about the nuts &amp; bolts of the battle (who was stationed here, who  charged there etc...), but it also does a phenomonal job of telling the  stories mostly of the key officers in this battle: Buford, Stuart,  Chamberlain, Lee, and Longstreet. One part that was especially done well  was the struggle between two close friends, Armistead (CSA) and Hancock  (USA).<br />FOUR: Soundtrack...Very appropriate and beautiful music during  different parts of the battle. <br />I could go on, but I think this  highlights the strengths of this great movie. It's one that's well worth  watching.
0451196716|5.0|This Bachman title--secondly only to Rage--is a beautiful, well told, and highly thought provoking tale. (Rage being the Bachman Title King removed from print out of the dispicable act of Self censorship--and to make  matters sadder, it was his best work.)It discribes a sporting event that is  truly horrible in its particulars that everyone gathers to watch with great  excitement. Of 100 boys, only one will win. And the consolation prize for  the 99 that don't... death. King does a brilliant job getting you inside  the head of the main character, and the emotion can be hard hitting. The  story is well paced and well told, and the ending is more appropriate and  surprising than I could have ever expected. A definate must read.
B000002UVZ|4.0|This was the first REM album that actually had some songs on it that I tended to skip over when playing the album.  My thoughts at the time (1986) were this:  Swan Swan H is too obtuse and boring for me.  Underneath The  Bunker should have been simply an obscure b-side of a single.  What If We  Give It Away is just not a very interesting song.  And Superman is an OK  cover of the old Clique song, but Mike Mills can't really carry a full song  as the lead.<br />Flash forward to 2000:  After suffering through more recent  REM rubbish such as Green, End Of Time, Monster (ugh!), Adventures In  Hi-Fi, and (god forbid) Up, this album sounds a WHOLE lot better than that  trash.<br />However, it still stands as the beginnings of the downfall for me.   After an incredible EP and three perfect albums, this one was the first  that had a hint of disappoint in it.  It was also the first one that had a  hint of Stipe's transition into pretentiousness (Swan Swan H), rabid  tree-hugging environmentalism (Fall On Me) and general whininess (I  Believe).<br />It was all downhill from there.
0452277752|5.0|I am very upset that King censored himself by having Rage taken out of print. It is the first of the Bachman Books, and what I feel to be the best King has ever written. In the process, two of the other Bachman Books--The  Long Walk and Roadwork--also exceptional King works, have fallen out of  print. Rage is the most touching, gripping, and well written thing King has  ever produced. Early in the story,a disturbed student kills his mathteacher  and holds his class hostage at gunpoint. In the beginning you can only feel  that this boy is seriously disturbed, but by the end you--the reader--and  his entire class feel sorry for HIM. King allowed himself to be convinced  to take it off of the market, however, due to the rise of high school  shootings; as a horror writer, he should not fear subject matter. He should  also realize that his book is NOT the reason kids do such things. These  things happened before King ever thought to write about them and will  continue to happen weather or not they are written about. And perhaps if we  are presented with more novels like King's which show the perpetrator in a  sympathetic light we may be able to understand these people better and do  more to help them BEFORE matters get that far along. Unfortunately, the  only piece of this fabulous collection that remains in print now is The  Running Man--while this is a good work, it is the weakest in the  collection. I advise you all to track this title down in your local used  book store before it becomes impossible to find.
B000003489|5.0|Everyone else is right, folks, this recording is one of THE great moments in jazz history. It ranks right up there with Benny Goodman's Carnegie Hall concert and Miles Davis' &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; as a true turning point.  Just when you thought Charlie Parker had pushed the envelope of jazz  improvisation (and saxophone technique) as far as it could go, here comes  Coltrane with a few ideas of his own. And let me tell you, these ideas are  GREAT. From the frenzied soloing and chord changes of the title track, to  the soulful elegance of &quot;Naima,&quot; every number on this CD is a  testament to the joy of jazz. You can listen to them again, and again, and  again...<br />...Even the alternate takes are an enlightening experience.  There's a slightly mellower rendition of &quot;Giant Steps,&quot; an  extended version of &quot;Countdown&quot; that's just as energetic as the  original cut, and lots of other pleasant surprises. However, you'll have to  buy the CD yourself to enjoy this jazz masterpiece in its totality. Don't  waste a single minute -- get it now!
0451197879|4.0|Kings best works were all written under the name Bachman, and here is a decent example (the best being Rage, the second being The Long Walk--this one comes in third.) This is the story of a man whos life is very quickly  turned upside down, and what extend his stress leads to when, on top of  everything else, he is to be kicked out of his home for the construction of  a highway. One of the Bachman talents comes through strong yet again--the  ability to sit you front row center in the mind of the character; you get  the emotions, the reason, and the overwhelming ability to sympathize more  strongly than you are usually allowed to in most other works of fiction.
B000002GYW|4.0|That was the designation given to DESPERADOS by Jerry Wexler of Atlantic Records when the Eagles first released it in 1973. But it's a concept album that happened to feature great songs stellarly done. Although the band  repeatedly slagged producer Glyn Johns' strongarm efforts to put the  emphasis on the &quot;country&quot; part of the &quot;country rock&quot;  tag with which the Eagles were often saddled, you can see why. They nail  the western-tinged pathos thing here every time out, something they were  nowhere near as sucessful doing with the harder rock they veered towards  from ON THE BORDER on, and it's largely because Johns holds their country  boots to the fire. &quot;Tequila Sunrise&quot; is one of the best things  the group ever did; Glenn Frey never sounded so believable afterwards. And  Don Henley gives one of his best vocals on the title cut; you absolutely  feel for that poor schmuck &quot;out riding fences for so long now.&quot;  All said, DESPERADOS is a high-water mark for the Eagles and their music,  even if it didn't fell that way at the beginning.
0451197968|4.0|This is the weakest of the original four Bachman books (Rage, The Long Walk, Roadwork, and The Running Man), but it is still a good, worthwhile read. The premise: a game show that very few contestants ever win, and the  rest pay with their lives. But this time the contestant is very determined  to brake what the network has decided is his destiny. In a race for his own  survival he finds himself taking things over the edge, and eventually  &quot;taking up his complaint&quot; with the very president of the  telivision company in a very unfriendly way. An action packed story similar  in message and theme as The Long Walk, this story will keep you reading  until the end. I certainly give it my recomendation.
6305609691|5.0|Coppola's controversial VietNam film is not only one of the many highlights from the last great decade of American filmmaking, but is one of my all time favorite films.  This is not so much a film about the American  experience in VietNam or an anti-war statement as it is a blistering  personal vision from Coppola.  It's a work of demented genius.  Almost  minimal in plot(a burned out Army Captain journeys up river into Cambodia  to &quot;terminate&quot; an errant officer in the jungles)the film is  really a series of staggering surreal set pieces.  It's one great scene  after another: from the greatest opening scene in cinema history(a fire  bomb attack scored to the Doors &quot;The End&quot;)to the famous Wagnerian  helicopter assault to the bizzare USO show in the middle of nowhere and  right up to its nightmarish dreamy conclusion this is a grand act of  filmmaking on an insane level.  This is one of the few films I can watch  endlessly.
B00004T8RK|5.0|Mediates the travel of these soul searchers.  No reflections of the past except those of answers.
B000002HAJ|5.0|Powerful and beautiful.  Robert Smith is in rare form creatively.  A treat for the ear canal.  Standout tracks like &quot;open&quot; and &quot;cut&quot; resonate with genius.
B00003CXDU|4.0|Much, much better than I expected.  Interesting, funny and almost believable film about washed-up actors of a long-cancelled, kitschy space opera being pressed back into service to save real aliens.  The actors are  forced to play the roles of their lives and seek help from their most rabid  fans to save the day.<br />I don't need to go much more into the plot since  it's been covered very well by other reviewers.  Some really good  laugh-out-loud scenes from Alexander Dane (Alan Rickman), a  Shakespearean-trained actor whose career has been relegated to a single  catch phrase from the &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; show(&quot;By Grapthar's  Hammer...&quot;) and Fred Khan (Tony Shaloub), the dimbulb  actor/&quot;engineer&quot; who falls for one of the kindly aliens.<br />The  film pokes gentle fun at (and homage to) sci-fi conventions and their fans,  especially those of the original Star Trek series.  Very little to offend  anyone, except for the occasional strong language and suggested sexual  situation (and even THAT is funny!)    In a way, this might have been an  interesting vehicle for the original Star Trek series members to tackle  although DeForest Kelley (&quot;Dr. McCoy&quot;) recently passed.  But  perhaps that would have damaged the the thing that keeps those conventions  packed -- the belief somewhere in the back of our minds that these  adventures are real.
B00000IOSU|4.0|This c.d was breath taking the way she sings her voice is so soothing. The lyrics are so meaning full, and deep. They almost touch your soul in a way that is unverbal. If you are in a slump or haveing a bad time one of her  songs will realate to your problem and help you throught it.
B00004SCX6|5.0|this cd is better than her first one ...baby one more time. Most of the songs on her new cd are good. all the songs have a good beat and lyrics to make u keep on singing the same songs.<br />Oops..I did it again- this song is  one of the best songs on this album its my second favourite  Rating:  10/10<br />Stronger- this song has a good beat to it and i think is supposed  to continue after the baby one more time song because she says in the song  'my loneliness aint killin me no more i am stronger<br />Rating:10/10<br />Don't  go knockin' on my door- this is my favourite song on the album. this song  has a good style and a good r&amp;b rythmn. And its my number one song on  the album Rating:10/10<br />Satisfaction- its a good song and has a good beat  Rating:9.5/10<br />Don't let me be the last to know- this song is my 3rd  favourite on the album. its going to be the next single. its a really good  song written by shania twain Rating:10/10<br />What u see is what u get- this  song is good like the other songs  Rating:8.5/10<br />Lucky- A really good  song its my 4th favourite.  Rating:10/10<br />One kiss from you- An ok song   Rating:7.5/10<br />Where are u know- Good song, i liked it and it has a good  beat Rating:8/10<br />Cant make you love me- good beat and rythmn  Rating:9/10<br />When your eyes say it- very good song i liked it one of the  best slow songs she has 'don't let me be the last to know is the first best  slow song Rating:10/10<br />Dear Diary- I didn't like this song that much. She  talks about some boy she has a crush on and talking to her diary to help  her get the guy Rating:6/10
B00004TH7Z|5.0|When Iron maiden announced their release date for &quot;Brave New World&quot;, I could not wait. I had high expectations for this album, expecially after the band reunited again. I have waited for two months for  this album and I could not wait!<br />As I expected this album was a bomb..  That is what I really call HEAVY METAL.. A unique style, unique lyrics  Given by the best. Although I like Metallica, Black Sabbath, Megadeth, and  Malmsteen, they nothing like Iron Maiden.<br />All the 10 songs are great! My  favourite songs are: Blood Brothers, The Mercenary, and The Ghost of the  Navigator..<br />If you like the real heavy metal, I'm talking about the REAL  Heavy Metal not Kid Rock or Limp bizkit, then buy this album!
B00004NRWJ|5.0|This is the first outing for Slipknot, but it made their name overhight, even gracing the mainstream album charts over here.  Some would complain that their somewhat unusual image is their selling point, but no-one can  deny the sheer ferocity and passion in their music.  This is quite simply  up amoung the ranks of Roots or The More Things Change...  Expect great  things.  The album as a whole is not only diverse in its use of tone,  atmosphere and riffs, but also the individual songs themselves.  As a whole  it is a seething mass of guitars, underground beats and aggression.
6305562474|5.0|This is a fascinating film. It's lush, lavish, and beautifully directed and edited. The many plot twists flow and it has one of the all-time great endings. I find this version far superior to the others I've seen (by Vadim  and Forman). It boasts of a great cast, despite the rather quirky choice of  John Malkovich as Valmont. Glenn Close is brilliant and it has a youthful  Keanu Reeves as Chevalier Darceny. Watch for the marvelous fencing scene  towards the end between Valmont and Darceny..it's superb !
B0000024TT|5.0|I remember first hearing his gravelly voice wafting out of a friend's dorm room late one wintry night, and invited myself in to listen to Cohen's music the last semester before I graduated, and was blown away by the way  this guy sang and by what he had to say. Needless to say, I've been  listening ever since, for this is a quite unique album, a first effort by  Leonard Cohen, the Canadian Jew who is a poet and novelist turned  songwriter and folk singer. He known as the \\"poet of existential despair\\",  a man of soaring visages and terrible nightmares, all put to beautiful and  classic melodies. This album is the stuff of legends, with  &quot;Suzanne&quot;, &quot;Hey, that's No Way To Say Goodbye&quot;,  &quot;So Long, Marianne&quot;, &quot;The Master Song\\", \\"The Stranger  Song&quot;, &quot;Sisters of Mercy&quot;, and a number of others. His voice  is painful, hypnotic and gravelly, literally oozing with the kind of deep  desperation his evocative lyrics blend perfectly with. The guitar work is  clear, and immaculately appropriate, and the rest of the arrangements are  spare and fit the folk song style he employs.<br />Others like Judy Collins  made hits out of a number of these songs, especially &quot;Suzanne&quot;,  but no one sings them with the same kind of heart struck originality Cohen  delivers. He is still around, by the way, newly emerged from a few years in  a Zen monastery as the master of all he touches, and is considered a kind  of elder statesman of folk-rock.  Quite a mysterious and interesting soul,  as they say. Almost everyone has recorded some of his stuff, and there is a  tribute album that is a best seller. But this is where the rubber first hit  the road, and after you've listened to this a few times, preferably late at  night with a bottle of good wine half down your gullets, you'll understand  why there's been over thirty years of excitement fuss about Leonard Cohen
079213690X|5.0|Braveheart is probably my favorite movie.  It effected me unlike no other movie.  I was surprised just how sad and touching it was.  And I never get effected by so called sad movies.       Anyways this is just so great of an  epic that I had to write something.  yeehaw
6305810109|4.0|This is a wonderful one of a kind movie that showcases the marvelous acting talents of Richard Farnsworth.  What a treat to witness his ability to convey a lifetime of emotions without saying a word, with a series of  telling looks , sideways glances, and using his sheer innate ability to  \\"emote\\" to tell his story. This movie shimmers with a fountain of pent-up,  heart-felt, but tragically unspoken human emotions. Along the way, we also  get to know and appreciate his emotionally challenged daughter, played well  by Sissy Spacek. But this trip is really a Richard Farnsworth bravura  one-man show.  And what a show it is!<br />We trip the light fantastic with  him as he sets out to see a long-lost brother at the end of life, and we  get to share in his ersatz adventures with an eclectic cast of all  too-ordinary yet extraordinarily beautiful losers he encounters along the  way.  Of course, his trip on the John Deere is a trip toward himself and  toward discovering a lot of things he needs to know to complete his life's  journey. This is adult entertainment for the whole family, because it has  such a wonderful ring of truth and integrity hovering over it, and an  insight about life that lingers even after it's over.  Every time I think  about Alvin Straight being either nave enough or ballsy enough to set out  on this amazing journey it brings an involuntary smile to my face. He sure  wasn't nave. I think you'll like it too.
6305949980|5.0|This movie is filled with originality,imagination and fantasy.From jack the pumpkin king searching for something diffrent then halloween,to the mean oogie boogie man putting a damper on things.The Nightmare before  Christmas has something for everyone,at least everyone who has a little  child left in them!
B0000028W9|5.0|There are few albums or cd's which can cause you to stop doing what you're doing and just sit there and listen. This is one of those recordings.  Breathtaking, haunting, erotic.  When I first bought it, years ago, I  played it constantly.  I couldn't stop listening.  I gave it to almost  everyone I knew.  I have no commentary on the lyrics because they speak for  themselves and are the only words that can do them justice.  That's why  they were written.  &quot;The future&quot; will change your now.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Before I thought it was all hype, but this CD really is &quot;the bomb&quot;. Even better than the first album. Eminem's pushing it with his mad skills, phatter beats, crazier rhymes!
B00000AFWW|4.0|&quot;If the world is so wrong then you could take it all with one song,&quot; sings the incredible Mother Love in &quot;Awful.&quot;  Say what you want about Courtney Love.  The fact remains: the lady knows how to  rock!  &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; exceeded my expectations as the follow-up  to Hole's breakthrough 1994 album &quot;Live Through This.&quot;  The tone  is certainly different.  The raw anger so prominent in their last album is  definitely missing, but this album is far from lacking in intensity.  There  are stand-out tracks aplenty: &quot;Celebrity Skin,&quot;  &quot;Awful,&quot; and &quot;Malibu&quot; to name just a few, but  especially the perfectly-crafted power ballad &quot;Boys on the  Radio,&quot; which is certainly one of their finer songs.  Great music,  great lyrics, and Courtney Love's howling vocals, daring you to ignore her.   She's still the girl with the most cake!
B000005AYM|5.0|Baduizm is not your typical R&amp;B album.  Every track adds value to the overall vibe, which is smart, urban and edgy.
6305922756|5.0|If there is a movie worth owning (ok, there are a few) this belongs in that camp. The individual scenes are brilliant comedy -- the quality of Python or early SNL -- and the director manages to hold them together with  a (reasonably) solid story of this band's spiral into obscurity. This  parody of a 70's/80's rock band feels so absurd and realistic that members  of Aerosmith credit it with causing their epiphany that forced them to get  clean -- when the saw it they realized, even if it wasn't a direct parody  of them, it was close enough.<br />Also, when they stopped selling the  original release of the DVD and VHS, it became the most 'stolen' rental  movie -- people would just take it out and eat the 'lost' fee.
B000002GBB|5.0|Styx is one of my Top 10 Bands of all time and this album is my favorite(edging out Grand Illusion slightly). When I had the LP, I used to think that side 2 of this record was one of the best sides of any album  made. &quot;Queen of Spades&quot; and &quot;Pieces of Eight&quot; have  always sparked my imagination with sound and rhythms that are absolutely  beautiful. I consider this album to be the apex of their work because  &quot;Cornerstone&quot; and later albums seemed to taper off with lyric and  music quality.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I recently had a spare 10.99 lying around, and with it, I managaed to stumble across THE best album this year! &quot;Play&quot; is by no doubt a varied album, and from this, he combines upbeat and sorrow at the same  time, producing a soothing, mind-numbing album. Listen out for &quot;My  Weakness,&quot; the sheer breath taking crescendo never fails to amaze me.  Always deep, always thought provoking, &quot;Play&quot; should be a part of  everyones music collection.
B00004SCX6|3.0|For many of yall, you may have directly decided to buy Britney's album because of all the hype she got from her debut album.  That's what I did. However, after I gave Oops a listen, I noticed that Britney's songs have  changed a bit.  while Oops I did it Again is extremly similar to BOMT, the  other songs are really worth a listen such as the ever motivated  &quot;Stronger&quot;, and the ever so funky &quot; Whatchu c is whatchu  get&quot;, and &quot;lucky&quot; is extremly addictive. After listening to  this album, you really feel that Britney's songs like Lucky, a song about a  famous girl named Lucky that had everything but still felt lonely... get  the drift... its probably about her &quot;lonliness&quot;.  The good songs  or worth the money songs on the album are: Track 1, 2, 3, 4,5,6,7, and the  last one. So its basically pretty good, I would recommend it, but don't  throw it away after your first listen, it has to kinda grow on you.
B000007T1M|5.0|SOAD is the best new metal band to come out in a long time.  With their eclectic guitar crunches and politically driven lyrics-these guys are like Mr.Bungle on Mach 5.     ...&quot;Shake your spear at  Shakespeare&quot;...These guys are also good at alliteration even though  they're Armenian.  Note kids: That's another reason to be this CD.
B000002U84|5.0|This was Duran Duran's finest effort, and an essential part of any New Wave collection...or any collection in general.  Ignore Duran Duran's reputation as a \\"pretty boy\\" band and you will find superior  musicianship, songwriting and production.<br /><br />From \\"Rio\\" to \\"The Chauffeur,\\" there is not a weak track on the disc.  The music has depth as well as danceability, and shames what passes for \\"pop\\" nowadays.  My personal favorite remains \\"Hold Back The Rain,\\" but all the songs are impressive.  It remains in my top ten list of all-time favorite albums.<br /><br />I was irritated that the mixes on this cd were different than those on my aging album and cassette.  I understand that the cd has the original mixes from the UK release, rather than the \\"remixed\\" American version, which is all well and good but not what I expected (or wanted).  John Taylor's bass lines are more prominent and tend to overwhelm some of the tracks, and both \\"Lonely In Your Nightmare\\" and \\"Hold Back The Rain\\" have been edited down (the latter ridiculously so).  Overall, this disc is 3+ minutes shorter than the American vinyl album.<br /><br />Still, \\"Rio\\" remains a \\"must-have\\" as it is truly one of the definitive albums of the decade.  If you love \\"Rio\\", try to get a hold of Pseudo Echo's excellent self-titled first album (sometimes called \\"Autumnal  Park\\").  It's kind of a blend of \\"Rio\\" and \\"A Flock Of Seagulls\\" (with some Ultravox tossed in).  It's definitely one of the best unheard albums of the eighties.
0553266306|5.0|From page one, the reader knows that the assasin in 'The Day of the Jackal' will not be successful.  And yet, as the novel comes nearer and nearer to its conclusion, one wonders how it is the authorities actually  catch The Jackal.  Forsyth does an amazing job of stringing all of us along  as we wind our way to the end.  His attention to detail and descriptive  prose is riveting.  One has to ponder if assasins would be more successful  if they had the same cunning and devious nature as Forsyth.
6301008960|4.0|When I was in high school (in the late 80's), this movie was part of a weekly ritual.  About once a week, my sister and I would rush home from school and pop in our copy of &quot;Can't Buy Me Love&quot; to the video  player.  We knew every word, and all the dialogue -- even the corny stuff  -- resonated with our high school existance.  The movie became our cure-all  for the symptoms of being a teenager.  Rainy outside?  Pop in CBML.  Being  ignored by your crush?  Watch CBML.  Bad grade on your mid-term?  CBML will  make it better.  <br />I can't tell you why this movie is better than all the  other teen flicks of the 80's ... it just is.  Like so many other reviewers  here, let me say -- please re-release this video!  You have some devoted  fans lined up to buy it!
0679720200|4.0|Camus' novel 'The Stranger' certainly makes one ponder the meaning of life.  The main character is a lost, hopeless, and amoral individul who trudges through life day by day. In the end, he discovers his life has no  real meaning.  Like Sisyphus condemned to endlessly roll a huge boulder to  the top of a hill--only to have it roll down again, the protagonist goes  through his daily routine, even though he realizes his actions will lead  him to no end or conclusion.  The frightening aspect of this tale is that  while this book was written in 1942, one could argue that there are many of  these  individuals in today's society.  Many more than even the  existentialist Camus could have imagined.
1570423970|5.0|I have always wondered what a &quot;soul mate&quot; exactly meant. I knew soul mates were &quot;meant to be&quot; and went along great together and shared a love very strong and passionate. However, it didn't occur to me  that it was as Brain Weiss shows and proves in this book. I picked it up  and couldn't put it down it was so compelling. The reality (I believe it  is) that all of us human beings have soul mates and that we live through  countless lives with them, learning, struggling and sharing a love and bond  so strong nothing can stop the souls from staying together for eternity is  so beautifully expressed through this novel which was written with talent  and expression. I would reccomend this book to people who are romantic, and  open minded. Those who are close-minded and refuse to believe anything  other than what they feel safe to believe even when the hard solid facts  are placed before their very eyes, I would reccomend they stay away from  this book. It is a lot to take in, and not many people would guess it is  the way it is. However, I find this amazing. Enjoy!
B00000JCB2|5.0|This Cd is simply outstanding. Every song on the Cd is great, has to be one of my favourite cd's of all time. Has every type of music on one cd. You have your rap, metal and lite stuff. This Cd is a must buy for everyone
B000002AVF|3.0|I only really got into Mariah's music about a year ago and now I listen to her old stuff all the time. As said in the title, Daydream was good but not great. I LOVE 'Fantasy', it's such a cool song but unfortunately it's the  only energetic song on the whole album. The rest is just a load of boring  ballards, except the interlude which is OK. 'Always be my baby' is the only  other good song, but 2 good songs out of 12 is pretty bad.<br />The other  songs just go nowhere really which is a shame, it's a waste of a good  voice. If there were a few other faster, better songs as well as 'Fantasy'  i would give it a good review. 'Underneath the stars' and 'I am free' are  listenable also maybe. But the others- 'Forever', whet the hell is that all  about? 'Looking In'- Give me a break, please. <br />So in conclusion, this  album has it's moments but that's about all. Buy it if you love Mariah -  there are some tracks you'll like, maybe even more tracks than i do. But  don't say i didn't warn you about the slow songs.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This CD is very good. My favorite song is Adam's song. The song that has the most bad words is Dysentery Gary still it is a very good song I like bad words but your mom might not .I like rock music like Korn and  Slipknot,Heavy Metal I hate Beck and Bush but blink 182 is still very good.   mutt is my second favorite song. Al together this one of My favorite  CD's.I want Cd's with lots of bad words in it.
B00000JCOV|5.0|if you liked KoRn back then when they really rocked (their self titled album, ahh the good old days) you'll love slipknot. This album is very fast tempoed, filled with anger and hate lyrics, speeding drums, roaring bass  and guitars, weird &quot;noize&quot; with the turn tables, and a yelling  and scearming vocal. sounds good? it is<br />All the songs rock to the fullest  all sounding the same but each and every one of them are very unique in its  own way.<br />(sic), eyeless, wait and bleed, surfacing, spit it out, me in  side, liberate, no life, and a few others are my favorite songs in the  album.<br />If you like this album get korns selftitled album.<br />Note:  slipknot is not to be listened by any pop listener.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This CD is very good. My favorite song is Adam's song. The song that has the most bad words is Dysentery Gary still it is a very good song. mutt is my second favorite song. Al together this one of My favorite CD's
0783244320|4.0|Galaxy Quest is a fun romp, not to be taken seriously but loads of fun.  It has a weak, silly plot, but unlike most movies, its real purpose is as a vehicle for the film's absolutely brilliant comedic talent found in all of  the main cast.  The acting is unbelievably good; the person(s) in charge of  casting for the film should have their salary tripled.  Tim Allen is just  perfect, even though I didn't think he'd be a great fit for the part  offhand.  This man can really act.  And although I've been a longtime fan  of Sigourney Weaver, I had no idea she could be this sexy and funny...it's  like seeing a different actress.  Sam Rockwell is side-splittingly  brilliant.  In fact, every one of the main actors does an incredible  job...their performances carry this hilarious movie.  Finally, the DVD  version has some special, very worthwhile extras, particularly those that I  consider to be some of the best parts of the experience: the &quot;Cutting  Room Floor&quot; clips.  I think I laughed more at a couple of them than at  most of the actual film (it's a shame some of them were cut)!  Galaxy Quest  is one of the few movies to convince me of the value of a completely silly  film...I really enjoyed it.  It's good-natured, hilarious, and the  chemistry and talent of the actors and actresses is incredible, probably  some of the best you'll ever see.  Great stuff.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This CD is very good. My favorite song is Adam's song. The song that has the most bad words is Dysentery Gary still it is a very good song I like bad words but your mom might not .I like rock music like Korn and  Slipknot,Heavy Metal I hate Beck and Bush but blink 182 is still very good.   mutt is my second favorite song. Al together this one of My favorite CD's.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I bought this CD, and the mintue I listened to it I fell in love with it! Britney is such an amazing singer, and she deserves 5 stars! This CD is better then her other CD.  If you listen to certain songs, you will hear  little messages that she puts on her CD.  This is a really neat CD, and if  your looking for a present or a gift or just something to listen to, GET  BRITNEY SPEARS', &quot;OOOPS! I DID IT AGAIN!&quot;
B00000IPAX|5.0|This CD is very good. My favorite song is Adam's song. The song that has the most bad words is Dysentery Gary still it is a very good song I like bad words but your mom might not .I like rock music like Korn and Slipknot  I hate Beck and Bush but blink 182 is still very good.  mutt is my second  favorite song. Al together this one of My favorite CD's.
6305537798|5.0|This movie was funny! Julia Stiles and Heath Ledgar are made to be in  movies together! This movie bascially explains the life of a teen with  problems.  The musics great, and the cast is awesome! When I first saw it,  I was laughing out of my chair! It was that funny! If you haven't seen it,  go rent it or borrow it from your friend! Don't steal it, even though it is  worth getting in trouble to see this movie!
B00000IPAX|5.0|This CD is very good. My favorite song is Adam's song. The song that has the most bad words is Dysentery Gary still it is a very good song I like bad words but your mom might not .I like rock music like Korn and Slipknot  but blink 182 is still very good.  mutt is my second favorite song. Al  together this one of My favorite CD's.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I LOVE THIS CD! Blink182 is my favorite band! Mark and Tom really know how to sing! The songs are phat! All of them(Travis, Mark, and Tom) put together make the best band! &quot;Dynesty Gary,&quot; is the best, in my  personal opion.  It is funny, and Tom sings! <br />Dumpweed: Funny, yet not  the best. Don't Leave Me: Good Aliens Exist: FUNNY AND FUNNY! Going Away To  College: OK Whats My Age Again?: Funny and a cool viedo! Dynesty Gary:  FUNNY AS HELL! Adams Song: A serious, and yet calm song All The Small  Things: As how I see all the gay little boy bands! Mutt: THIS IS A GROSS,  AND YET *FUNNY* SONG! Wendy Clear: OK.  Mark makes it sound better. Anthem:  FUNNY! This song is my second favorite!<br />YOU HAVE TO GET THIS CD!  BLINK-182 IS TRUELY THE BEST PUNK BAND TO LIVE ON THE FACE OF THE EARTH!  AND THEY ARE FROM MY HOMETOWN, SAN DIEGO!
B00000IPAX|5.0|This CD is very good. My favorite song is Adam's song. The song that has the most bad words is Dysentery Gary still it is a very good songI don't care about bad words but your mom might.I like rock music like Korn but  blink 182 is still very good.  mutt is my second favorite song. Al together  this one of My favorite CD's
B00000K3UR|5.0|OH MY GOSH! This was soooooo funny! Adam Sandler, yet again, did a *spectacular* video! Adam Sandler goes great with Jon Stewtart(Daily Show, Comedy Central).  And these two new cuties, Cole and Dylan Sprouse(Julian  McGarth) are sooo cute and funny!  I can tell that they are gonna be in  *a  lot* more movies! If you haven't seen, &quot;Big Daddy,&quot; go rent it  today! Or even better, buy it! Its worth every penny you have!
B00000I9P1|5.0|Yes. Another Survivor album and another great slice of US AOR. Many critics underrated this album and accused the band turning soft after the Vital Signs. So what If they did? This album is definitely a classic and  every track is a killer. Just like a juke box every song sounds like a  potential hit. Jamison is at the top form and Peterik&amp;Sullivan just  reach the highest level of melodical perception with the capability of  launching a full frontal attack in every way.This album makes my day all  the time and will sure make yours too. Thank God they reformed.
0553278398|5.0|I see this book as a great beginning for ISaac Asimov's books. I first read this book and then got into more of his books.<br />Enjoy!
1577311523|4.0|This book is a very enjoyable experience. It makes us reflect on our life and teaches us that the power of Now is the key to letting go of our past and our worries about the future by showing us how to focus in the present  moment. This book contains actual every day examples of how to achieve  absolute inner peace and joy/love of living in the present moment. The  author writes in an honest fashion and extracts the essence of many  religious beliefs to show us that they emanate from the same source. A  great eye-opener for anyone who whishes is/her life to be more REAL.
B00000F2VB|4.0|The problems of inter-city culture, and what it's like to bea black youth growing up in South Central Los Angeles, is addressed bywriter-director John Singleton in the hard-hitting \\"Boyz N the Hood,\\" starring Laurence Fishburne and Cuba Gooding Jr.  The story centers on young Tre Styles (Gooding), whose parents are divorced, and as a troubled youth at age ten, is sent by his mother, Reva (Angela Bassett) to live with his father, Furious (Fishburne), in South Central.  The story then jumps ahead seven years, and we find Tre still living with his father.  Furious is a man of principle, a decent man with high ideals, and he's done a good job of teaching Tre how to be a man, and how to survive without slipping through the cracks to become just another statistic from the `hood, without hope of ever amounting to anything.  Furious is the calm in the eye of the storm, navigating a culture steeped in a seemingly never-ending cycle of violence.  Then when Tre is about to graduate from High School, and with his father's  guidance is looking toward college, his best friend is shot and killed.   Tre wants to fight back; and suddenly, he must make the decision that will  determine the path the rest of his life will take.  Singleton  successfully captures the alienation of an entire community from the rest  of the city, and the atmosphere of violence that permeates the lives of all  who live there; the incessant presence of the police helicopters a constant  reminder, lest they forget for even a moment, where they are.  The anguish  of the mothers who fear for the lives of their children, along with the  frustration of the apparent futility of trying to make a change.  In Tre,  Furious, and those close to them, Singleton paints a profound picture of  what life is like for everyone who lives within that few square miles that  is South Central Los Angeles.  A grim portrait, to be sure, yet in the end  he manages to tone it with a positive sign; a glimmer of hope that there  may yetbe a light at the end of the tunnel for those born and raised in  the inner-city.  Fishburne gives a dynamic performance as Furious  Styles, the voice of reason and truth amid the turmoil.  He knows who this  man is, and his purpose; and it shows in the subtle command he takes  whenever he is on the screen.  Gooding, too, gives a remarkable  performance, aptly conveying the complexities of young Tre, the pride mixed  with confusion.  The terrific supporting cast includes Morris Chestnut  (Ricky), Ice Cube (Doughboy), Darneicea Corley (Keisha), Tyra Ferrell (Mrs.  Baker), Redge Green (Chris) and Dedrick D. Gobert (Dooky).  Singleton is to  be commended for having the courage to make a truly thought-provoking film.   For this is not a movie about gang-bangers; this is a film that has the  guts to ask important and significant questions objectively, without  copping an attitude.  About the cultural bias of the S.A.T.'s; why there's  a liquor store or a gun shop on every corner in the `hood, and not in  Beverly Hills; and the lack of even the attempt at creating the symbiotic  relationship that would benefit all who live in and around the city of Los  Angeles.  This is an important film that goes far beyond the scope of mere  cinema, and one for which Singleton will be remembered; it is definitely a  movie that should be seen by all.
B00004SX0T|5.0|Limp's Significant Other was a hot album, with tracks like Just Like This, Nookie, Break Stuff, Re-arranged, Nobody Like You, N2 Gether Now, and No Sex, and it also had a enhanced movie portion when you put it into your  computer.  Now, Limp Bizkit adds more, now you are able to watch the videos  of Faith, Nookie, Re-arranged, and N2 Gether Now.  It also has Faith, which  came out on Three Dollar Bill, Y'all, Crushed, an unreleased track, and  Counterfeit(Lethal Dose Mix), which is a special version of Counterfeit  from Three Dollar Bill, Y'all, and the Lethal Dose Mix version can also be  found on the Hard and the Heavy, and the Counterfeit Countdown CD.  I  recommend this CD highly, it is awesome!
B000002J1S|5.0|Im 24 years old and started listening to Genesis when I was about 7, since then its been my favorite band. I writing this review just to say that this the kind of album that every music lover should listen to with an open mind  (not normal pop music), its not something people like the firt time, it  grows on you and when it does it never goes away. Peter and the band did a  briliant job at bringing to us the story of Rael (listen to the cd and read  the booklet to see what im talking about).This is rock opera at its best.   To the old boys from Genesis if they ever read there old album reviews: Do  a movie or a reunion concert, do something for us the fans
B000002GWN|4.0|The mastering/mixing on this album is phenominal (sp) for a live album from early-mid 70's...nearly as good--if not better--than live albums like Neil Diamond's &quot;Hot August Night&quot;, &quot;Frampton Comes  Alive&quot;, etc.  I only wish Joni did songs like &quot;The  Gallary&quot; from _Clouds_...or one or two (more(?)) from SoaSeagull/s.t.  ---Maybe even the days before SoaS...I have this rare 2ble-disc set of Joni  called &quot;Second Fret Sets: '66-68&quot;...put together/recorded just  prior to the SoaS sessions...if not while!  I saw her electric guitarist  for this album, Robben (Ford--LAEx) 2-3 times during a 6 day, 12-gig stint  at Yoshi's club/restaurant, near here at Jack London Square (Oakland--my  city's--waterfront).  Along with guests like Chris Cain (great guy!); his  bro Mark (who makes John Hopper look weak when it comes to Har-mon  playing); his nephew and a few others from one show to the next,the guy  inspired me to pull out MoA.  Good pic of him there at age 23(?)...just a  couple years younger than me, and my brother's age.  For this live album,  Robben has some outstanding effects with the guitar on &quot;Carey&quot;  (sd 4).  They turn this fast, folk track from the '71 &quot;Blue&quot;  sessions into a funky, near-danceable, electric smash on MoA.  Listen for  RF's short solos here and the flourishing sounds of Larry (Nash's) and/or  Joni's synthesizers.  Legend Tom Scott, accompanies her w/ Max and John.  (BTW, on the inside cover, which guys are Larry, Max and John?  My guess is  J's on the left, Max the Af. Am fellow and Larry the one with the watch on  each hand ...I'm SURE I'm wrong though!<br />For those of you who don't have  is album yet, sds 2-3 are mostly acoustic tracks featuring Joni on guitar,  and Robben takes a back seat for most of this LP. Overall, if you want a  GREAT live album that's not extremely long, this one covers so many types  of musical styles you'll be happy you found it!  NOTE: *Don't get the  '87-issue CD if you want to get it used, or if it's the only one in a  normal bin...you won't get the ambience of the LP...The reissued HDCD from  '98 or '99 will give you those musical details the original CD issue  didn't, due to mastering technologies.  For the most ambience and dynamic  range, find the LP used, but in very good to excellent condition.  Find,  borrow, or buy...but ENJOY ! :)
B00004SCX6|5.0|This new album is so great! Britney has risen up and overcome the immature pop stylings of Baby one more time... and has made a very mature albumn! this albumn contains many great songe!  i love every song id on't have to  skip through songs that i disliked as in when i would listen to her first  albumn.  <br />This CD's song are great oops i did it again is such a great  song to dance to with a great beat and sound! Stronger the second track is  one of my favorites the beginning is a little lets say different but once  it goes into the chorus it is awsome! Don't go knock my door is very catchy  and gets stuck in yourhead easily as has happened to me many times!  Satisfaction i do not really enjoy i thought britney would learn her lesson  not to do remakes when she attempted to do a remake as the hit the beat  goes on by cher, but britney sttempted to remake this rolling stones hit! i  personally don't like satisfction but many people i own do so maybe its  just me! Then we have a great song its just wonderful its called don't let  me be the last to know! its so wonderful it fits britney perfectley!  after  that with have the upbeat what u see is what you get and that is another  great song it is just wonderful its upbeat and fun! Then we Have lucky a  great song that seems fun and happy but then when you think about it its  rather depressing!  Then he have one kiss from you one of my least favorite  songs on the albumn i jsut don't love it! then theres where are u know my  fav ballad on the albumn! its about someone wondering where a previous  lover is its got a great sound and a great feel to it! Can't make you love  me is another great song thats catchy and better than great! When your eyes  say it is a balled with lots of talkin i don't really enjoy it due to the  talking i find it rather annoying! Dear diary is britneys song wirting  debut it is a great song that is about confiding in your diary! it is  rather short but it is still great! <br />I hope this review has helped in  your decsision to purchase this cd i hope u do and i hope u like it is  realy great!
0195067142|5.0|A sensitive and perceptive young college freshman from south Alabama, Eugene B. Sledge volunteered for Marine Corps officer training school during the middle of W.W. II. However, such was Sledge's desire to join the fighting before the war ended, he purposefully flunked out of school and promptly joined the ranks of the enlisted Marines.<br /><br />Upon reporting to boot camp in San Diego, Sledge was introduced to his Drill Instructor with this eye-opening greeting: \\"If any of you idiots think you don't need to follow my orders, just step right out here and I'll beat your @ss right now. Your soul may belong to Jesus, but your @ss belongs to the Marines. You people are recruits. You're not Marines. You may not have what it takes to be Marines.\\"<br /><br />Fortunately, Sledge did indeed have what it took to be a Marine, and he has written WITH THE OLD BREED: AT PELELIU AND OKINAWA, an engaging personal chronicle of the horror of war as seen through the eyes of a young Marine grunt. Though this book is a personal account of historical events, it reads like a novel. Sledge is able to transform the course language of a salty Marine and the brutality of war into unembellished passages whose honesty have a grotesque lyrcism:<br /><br />\\"The situation was bad enough, but when the enemy artillery shells exploded in the area, the eruptions of soil and mud uncovered previously buried Japanese dead and scattered chunks of corpses. Like the area around our gun pits, the ridge was a stinking compost pile.<br /><br />If a Marine slipped and slid down the back slope of the muddy ridge, he was apt to reach the bottom vomiting. I saw more than one man lose his footing and slip and slide all the way to the bottom only to stand up horror-stricken as he watched in disbelief while fat maggots tumbled out of his muddy dungaree pockets, cartridge belt, legging lacings, and the like. Then he and a buddy would shake or scrape them away with a piece of ammo box or a knife blade.<br /><br />We didn't talk about such things. They were too horrible and obscene for even hardened veterans. The conditions taxed the toughest I knew almost to the point of screaming. Nor do authors normally write about such vileness; unless they have seen it with their own eyes, it is too preposterous to think that men could actually live and fight for days and nights under such terrible conditions and not be driven insane. But I saw much of it there on Okinawa and to the me the war was insanity.\\"<br /><br />WITH THE OLD BREED does not concern itself with a the strategic and tactical campaign of the Pacific Island hopping campaign. Rather, it is a a fascinating portrait of an sensitive young man's baptism under fire -- a first hand narrative of an ordinary young man's extraordinary bravery on a few remote Islands in the Pacific Ocean. No W.W.II library is complete without this book. Highly recommended.re too horrible and obscene for even hardened veterans. The conditions taxed the toughest I knew almost to the point of screaming. Nor do authors normally write about such vileness; unless they have seen it with their own eyes, it is too preposterous to think that men could actually live and fight for days and nights under such terrible conditions and not be driven insane. But I saw much of it there on Okinawa and to the me the war was insanity.\\"    WITH THE OLD BREED does not concern itself with a the strategic and tactical campaign of the Pacific Island hopping campaign. Rather, it is a a fascinating portrait of an sensitive young man's baptism under fire -- a first hand narrative of an ordinary young man's extraordinary bravery on a few remote Islands in the Pacific Ocean. No W.W.II library is complete without this book. Highly recommended.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|If you enjoy upbeat dance songs with a latin flare this CD is for you!  Jenifers songs are great from the great if you had my love to the repish eelin so good to the upbeat tempo of wiating for tonight this is a reat  CD!  i guarentee you will love this cd!  it is really somehting specials  and the ballads are even better i really love this cd and i think it  deserves more credit than its getting!
0441172717|5.0|Dune deserves every bit of its acclaim. This is what science fiction should be. It is hard to fathom the level of creativity needed to create this book, much less the series. Herbert successfully created another  galaxy within the pages of these books.<br />I first read Dune (and the rest  of the series) in middle school. Years later, half remembering the story, I  read it again. This is one of the few books that I have read twice and  gained more than just academic insight. Dune breathes wonder and emotion.<br />If you have never read Dune, read it. If you have read Dune, read it  again.
B000002C4J|3.0|No doubt about it...when Celine Dion was preparing her 1997 release, &quot;Let's Talk About Love,&quot; the stakes were uncommonly high.  She had recently won a Grammy for Album of the Year with &quot;Falling into You,&quot; and the new record was going to include the high-profile, destined-to-be-a-huge-hit theme from &quot;Titanic,&quot; &quot;My Heart Will Go On.&quot; Clearly, she had to make an album that would live up to the hype.<br />So, she went to work.  She not only got a duet with Barbra Streisand but got production bigwhig David Foster to helm it.  She hired Beatles mastermind George Martin to produce a song written by Carole King. The Bee Gees offered up a song from the then-upcoming stage version of &quot;Saturday Night Fever&quot; and sang backup.  Luciano Pavarotti lended a hand for a duet, Bryan Adams wrote the title track, and for a hipness quotient she enlisted Diana King to co-write and produce a song that would feature R&amp;B group Brownstone on backing vocals.<br />Should this officially be credited as a Various Artists album?<br />The results are mixed.  The duet with Streisand is a wonder to behold; two pop divas singing side by side and feeding off each other's powerhouse pipes.  The Carole King composition, &quot;The Reason,&quot; is a great one, and Celine sings the hell out of it, but there's no recognizable George Martin stamp on it.  The Bee Gees' &quot;Immortality&quot; is simply boring, Pavarotti sounds gorgeous but &quot;I Love You Then I Hate You&quot; is unworthy, the Bryan Adams title track is fine but includes the tired idea of a children's choir, and &quot;Treat Her Like a Lady&quot; finds Diana King giving Celine a rare and appreciated opportunity to hang loose and get funky.<br />Elsewhere, a smattering of by-the-numbers ballads weighs the project down: &quot;Us,&quot; &quot;Where is the Love,&quot; and &quot;Love is on the Way&quot; (originally from &quot;The First Wives Club&quot;) are no different than any other ballad ofCeline's career.  Then again, the dancey &quot;Just a Little Bit of Love&quot; is fun, and &quot;Miles to Go (Before I Sleep)&quot; is one of her finer downtempo moments.  She frighteningly channels Toni Braxton on &quot;Why Oh Why&quot; for a sultry effect, and of course the &quot;Titanic&quot; theme is the kind of song that gets played to death but also can't be denied its power of both composition and performance.<br />So what you have is an album that falls somewhere in the middle.  There's plenty of good vocal performances, but still, one can't help but wonder what might have happened if more attention had been paid to Celine's talent instead of her guest stars.
B00004U30D|5.0|I have to say that I love this movie, but that is too simple a statement.  It might be better to say I think about this movie.  I say it thankfully on the big screen originally and recently say it on video again and now I am  buying it.  It brought back all of the emotions that I felt the first time.   If you have ever lived in the 'burbs this movie will probably feel scary  and intreging at the same time.  That is how I felt after watching it.  I  have thought about my family and my neighbors in a new way after seeing  this film.  I don't feel like I can do the film justice in a brief  discription.  All I can say is that you will never look at people quiet the  same again after seeing Amercian Beauty and I can't recommend it enough.
0380973464|5.0|Probably the most innovative book I've read, and I'm old enough to have read a lot.  I couldn't believe how much history, technology and whatever were crammed into this book along with some sound predicitions regarding  the near future, while still managing to tell a good story.  Even some good  humor regarding techonerds who are not always the funniest people around.   I really love this book.
0451163516|3.0|Ken Follett captures very well the tone of English High Society in the pre-WWI years. The story is interesting, and this is a quick and easy read. This said, however, I was disappointed in the development of the main  characters and much of the plot was implausible. Additionally, Follett has  the tendency to romanticize Feliks, who is really an evil and manipulative  individual. If you're looking for a book that you can finish on a summer  vacation, or read on the beach, this would be a good one to pick up.
B000002KFJ|5.0|&quot;Hole inthe Sky&quot; absolutely, utterly,completely,RROCCKKSS! The rest of the album isn't bad either! Worth buying just for the opener.Also,is it just me ,or are Led Zeppelin not very good?
B000001FA4|5.0|The Unforgettable Fire is my favorite pre-Joshua Tree U2 CD. The whole recording is excellent. There is very little here that is hard to like.<br />The first track, &quot;A Sort of Homecoming,&quot; is a wonderful  example of everything that was great about U2 during the years they worked  with Eno and Lanois.<br />A lot of the CD seems to center on the theme of  America in the 1960s. &quot;Pride&quot; is a song about the life and  martyrdom of Martin Luther King jr. The title track features some of the  best guitar playing U2 has ever done. My favorite song on the disc is  &quot;Bad&quot;-the quintessential U2 ballad.<br />I recommend this CD. Buy  it!
B00004TT9X|5.0|I absolutely love Oops I Did It Again, very catchy hook. I really don't think the instrumental version of Oops I Did It Again really serves any purpose, unless you like to sing. The remix of From The Bottom Of My Broken  Heart is an upbeat version, a very good remix. I think it's really good for  people who like love songs a bit more happier and faster passed. Deep In My  Heart is one of the best bonus tracks I ever heard. It's a love song that's  also upbeat and puts you in a good mood. All songs are excellent and I  really recommend this cd.
B00004KD1L|5.0|Vertigo is one of the most musically diverse albums I've gotten in a while.  From the upbeat &quot;I see you baby&quot; to &quot;Pre 63&quot; this album simply put, rocks the funkey beats.  It took me a couple of  listens before it completely grew on me, but now it's clear it stand out  from the rest.
0783228317|4.0|Funny, garish version of the Hunter S. Thompson novel directed by Terry Gilliam with the usual Gilliam brush strokes: cluttered sets, Monty Python remembrances, funky camera angles, relentless energy and a satirical eye.  His \\"shoot me if you find a plot,\\" and \\"torture me first if you find a  subplot\\" style is regressed to after the agreeable hiatus of  \\"12 Monkeys.\\"  Of course such a chaotic style goes well with gonzo journalism on a bad  acid trip-a VERY bad acid trip.<br />Johnny Depp plays Hunter S. Thompson as  Doonesbury's Duke with the FDR cigarette holder and pastel shades.  Benicio  Del Toro is offensively loutish as Dr. Gonzo, a fake Samoan from East L.A.  or thereabouts.  Most of this is pretty \\"bad,\\" but Depp got the cartoon  character down pat.  The psychedelic and day-glow sets, populated with  lizards and ugly Americans, splashed with glaring reds and pinks, etc.,  captured well not only the \\"fear and loathing\\" but the seventies Las Vegas  milieu as well.  The voice overs from the novel seemed a bit miraculous in  the movie since at no time is Duke ever coherent or sober enough to write.  Piping Debbie Reynolds's \\"Tammy's in Love\\" into the Duke/Gonzo hotel room  amid the brain cell mayhem was an inspired cultural juxtaposition.  Ditto  for the Barbra Streisand portraits.<br />Best scene: Gonzo and Duke watching a  clip from \\"Reefer Madness\\" at the narc's convention.  Second best scene:  Duke being admired by the highway patrolman who wants a kiss.  Most fun:  trash driving those two big Caddy convertibles.<br />One of the amazing things  about Gilliam is how he can make fun of people without their seeming to  notice.  Hunter S. Thompson looks like an idiot here, and Gilliam is really  satirizing the sixties/early seventies drug culture just as surely as he  trashes the cops.  His rapier is razor sharp, so sharp you don't feel it  until you look down and see the blood on your hand.
0385495315|5.0|Easy to read, interesting and very well written. I highly recomend it!
B000002J09|2.0|I had to write in after reading the review&quot; the greatest album of album of all time&quot; where the reviewer says that &quot;there has never been anything approaching Led Zeppelin IV.&quot; I hate to tell you this  people, but I, and everyone else I know who has heard it think it's one of  the most overrated albums of all time,only matched by Pink Floyd's The  Wall.Led Zeppelin did a couple of good songs but they certainly don't  deserve the massive popularity they have-and most people I know feel the  same way.
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game is almost a work of phychology, in the fact that it explore the subtle changes of Ender's mind as the teachers make decisions that affect him. It is a great book for parents and teachers alike because of  the uncovering of a childs limits and his tolerances. It can be taken from  many different veiwpoints. There is the child viewpoint where the child  thinks its just a cool book, and there is the adult viewpoint where the  adult sees how much these kids can take. I recommend this book to all,  young and old, even if you hate science fiction.
B000009ED0|5.0|Without question Kid Rock has gained many fans and followers by his image alone, but he also backs up his brash and arrogant attitude with great music.  The genre of rap-metal has seen nothing as explosive as this, and  this includes the releases of Korn and Limp Bizkit.  These bands lack the  sense of melody Kid Rock has, which shows that he's not just relying on  heavy riffs and &quot;f-ck you&quot; lyrics to make his point.  There's  much more to this record indeed beyond the stomping opening track  &quot;Bawitdaba.&quot;  Something must be said about Kid Rock's backing  band, Twisted Brown Trucker, since they're able to give a powerful punch in  songs like &quot;I Am The Bullgod&quot; and &quot;Devil Without A  Cause,&quot; while also providing surprisingly good pop rhythms on other  tracks like &quot;Wasting Time&quot; and &quot;Only God Knows Why.&quot;   It's as if Kid Rock knew he was going to become a star with DEVIL WITHOUT A  CAUSE because his constant references to &quot;going platinum&quot; and  having &quot;Matchbox 20 money&quot; were said long before he gained the  success he has now.  Maybe it's true that good things do come to those who  wait, and it's obvious Kid Rock desreves attention he's getting just by the  quality of DEVIL WITHOUT A CAUSE.
B00003W8NM|5.0|`Fight Club' is a superb filmmaking achievement.  It is brutal, innovative, raw, realistic, and extremely powerful.  You could not ask more from the actors.  Edward Norton once again portrays a psyche in delicate  imbalance with potent and believable intensity.  Brad Pitt moves to the far  side of diabolical and excels in making his character both warped and  charismatic.  Helena Bonham Carter also shines as the Tyler's pathetic and  parasitic girl friend.  <br />`Fight Club' takes some of the most pernicious  elements of societal dysfunction and wraps them up into a single  imaginative well crafted and entertaining film.  We have elements of gang  behavior, cultism, anarchy, terrorism and debauchery all glorified in the  name of iconoclasm.  Exciting, seductive and subversive.  How utterly cool  and hip!<br />So now comes the twist.  I hated this film.  It is a monument to  everything that is wrong with filmmaking today.  It is clever and  technically superb but philosophically and socially bereft.  Its attempt at  social satire, while effective and visceral, was destructive and noxious.   I also can't help but notice the extreme irony of using satire against  consumerism as the theme for inducing the masses to buy tickets to consume  your film.<br />At what point does a film cross the line between art and  depravity?  `Fight Club' is a brilliant but dangerous film that begs the  question.  If art is a reflection of a society's culture and values, then  when I look at this film I have to be frightened at what is staring back at  me.  When I reflect on some of the most popular films of the last five  years, I can't help but notice the accelerating celebration of random and  impulsive violence, depravity, decadence, and pure bad taste.  `Fight Club'  has pushed the envelope once again to find a new pinnacle (or should I say  nadir) in the portrayal of these corrosive elements of societal  dissolution.<br />It's comical how many people think it is avant-guard to  attack the establishment, as if this is a concept only recently conceived.   `Fight Club' is just the latest rallying cry to anarchy in a long line of  such cries that have plagued society throughout human history.  It always  seems to be a romantic notion for everyone to be totally free and just live  \\"naturally\\" (like animals) until one of those animals decides that it is  you whom it might be fun to kill today.  It doesn't seem to occur to those  who extol the sardonic message of such films, that they simultaneously  promote and lionize societal destabilization, and that anarchy and mayhem  are much less fun in real life than when you are watching them in the air  conditioned comfort of your local movie house.  Just ask the kids at  Columbine High School.<br />I like dark movies as much or more than the next  guy, but this film simply goes too far.  There is nothing wrong with  criticizing the establishment.  Constructive criticism is the only way to  bring about progressive change.  But this film is merely vulgar cynicism  that suggests that mayhem is preferable to imperfect culture.  That is  grossly irresponsible.  <br />So I am placed in the paradoxical position of  admiring this film while I must condemn it.  As a flickjunkie I must stand  in awe of it as a filmmaking accomplishment.  But as a human being  concerned with the greater good of the species, I must cry out against it.   How far are we willing to go in the name of entertainment?  Are we so  myopic as to demand entertainment at any cost?  I guess we will see when  someone raises the ante and the next shock treatment comes to a theater  near you.
078062369X|5.0|Wesley Snipes shows he is a great action hero.The fight scenes are cool and so are the villains.Blade makes Shaft look like a boyscout. Blade is a really cool film.
B00004T9UF|5.0|ALthough i am a rock fan (i only have 2 other rap CDs), i must say, this is one of the best cds i have ever heard.  Everysong has is a new song, no song sounds the same.  Track #3 Stan, is one of the best songs i have ever  heard.  This truly shows his sensative side, and is just a great song.   WEll done.
B000002I25|4.0|Why does everone like Led Zeppelin so much? I think they're the most overrated band of all time, and I've heard a LOT of bands.As for this album , it certainly deserves it's &quot;classic&quot; status, although some  songs to drag a bit. It's a shame the Doors had to record an album like  &quot;Waiting for the Sun&quot; after an impressive start.
B00000DGUY|4.0|&quot;Sultans of Swing&quot; is one of my favorite songs ever.  Other than that, though, I couldn't realy get that much into Dire Straits.  This song, however, is a must have in any collection of rock.
0553577123|5.0|I read this book when I was a fourth grader, and I didn't both enjoy and understand it. Last week, I read it as a fifth grader and enjoyed and understood it with unbeliveable curiousity. I love to hear Anne's insights  on matters. I wondered what it would be like to have Anne for a friend.  This is a wonderful book, but it is pretty hard for a younger kid to  understand. It is great for middle school kids, from kids age 101.
B000021XR5|5.0|I am an STP fan from DAY ONE.<br />I liked only Down at first, since it appeared to be the only rocking tune on the album. As I've listened more, this album has really grown on me. This is fairly typical for any album, I  think I even felt like that about Core.<br />I recommend this to any STP fan,  and even those unfamiliar with STP. You won't be sorry. By the fifth  listen, it will be among your favorite albums!
6305350205|2.0|&quot;Every man hides a secret pain&quot;says Star Trek 5.I'm sure that women would wonder what happened to them in this little piece of philosophy.Seriously,Paramount should redo the effects of this film.Even  the current tv show has better effects so it wouldn't cost much to redo  them.And one really good idea:get the supporting cast-Nichell Nichols,James  Doohan,George Takei and Walter Koenig to sit down and do a commentary on  the Star Trek films.What great stories they could tell!And what a great  marketing ploy it would be.
B000002KDO|3.0|The Ozzy Black Sabbath is my favourite music so you could say I am big fan of 70's Sabbath.However if anyone is reading these reviews to get an idea about which Sabbath album to buy , I BEG you not to believe most of the  other reviews for this album. It still has some great music but it is not,  repeat, not, the best Sabbath album.&quot;Sabotage&quot;,  &quot;Paranoid&quot; and &quot;Sabbath Bloody Sabbath&quot; are all  better.Trust me.Please.
B000002U82|5.0|Definitely an awesome CD.  No wonder it's been on the top 100 since its release.  I perefer Wish You Were Here, but &quot;Us and Them&quot; is definitely one of my favorite songs.  &quot;Time&quot; is great, and  &quot;Money&quot; is nice to.  Truly a must have for any rock collecter.   On a side note, my uncle told me about a strange pheneomenon.  If you begin  the cd immediately after the MGM lion roars for the third time at the  beginning of The Wizard of Ozz, the music follows allong with the movie.   It's realy freeky.  You have to see it to believe it.
0805062971|5.0|It was a good book that I would recommend.
B00000ILBK|3.0|I enjoyed this underrated Star Trek film that improves with repeat viewing.It has the largest outdoor set ever built for a Star Trek movie and also has more outdoor scenes,and extras, than any other ST film.It has some very big outdoor scenes and the photography,with the mountains in the background,is spectacular.The special effects are disappointing because ILM was replaced by a cheaper firm which was a big mistake on the makers part.The film does have some good action scenes,although I would have prefered that the Enterprise \\"fire the photons\\"at the villians in a battle rather than release explosive gas,which was the weakest part of the film.Fans would prefer a bigger battle and this was an opportunity missed.But overall a good story and a rousing adventure.
B000002KIK|4.0|I LIKE THIS ALBUM! Admittedly most of side 2 is pretty weak but side 1 contains some of the best music Sabbath( or anyone else) ever did.I can't understand people not wanting to get this JUST because most-but not all- of  side 2 is weak.
B000002C1X|3.0|After my interest in Pink Floyd began, my mom told me about The Wall.  I immediately ordered it and was quite dissapointed.  It seemed so dark and gloomy compared to Dark Side of the Moon and Wish You Were Here.  However,  &quot;Comfortabely Numb&quot; is an awesome song, and almost makes it worth  getting the whole thing.  &quot;The Show Must Go On&quot; is good too.
B000020617|5.0|This CD is one of the best I've ever had the pleasure of listening to.  It's great alt-rock.  My personal favorites are Learn to Fly, Auroa, Next Year, Headwires, MIA, hell, their all good!  Buy this CD. The best foo  album ever and one of the best alt-rock albums ever!
0380796090|5.0|I read Watermelon not too long ago now and it was fantastic.<br />It is about a woman called Claire who gets abandoned by her husband, James, just as she's in hospital having her first baby, Kate.  He tells her that he's been  having an affair with the woman in another flat in the same appartment.<br />I  thought to myself &quot;what a creep, how could he do such a thing, and  tell her just after she's had their baby&quot;.<br />James wants nothing to do  with Claire at this point and the way Marian Keyes wrote about this series  of events, you really feel for the character, and your feel as if she is  really alive.<br />Claire moves to Ireland to live with her parents and  sisters.  While she is up there, she meets a man who sweeps Claire off her  feet.  His name is Adam and you can tell right from the beginning that they  are going to hit it off.<br />The way Marian Keyes describes the characters  makes you feel for them and the way Adam is described, makes you believe  that he is a real person, who really cares for Claire.<br />They have their  ups and downs, but eventually their romance blossoms (even though Claire is  slightly older).<br />Then one day, James goes to Ireland to visit Claire and  ask for forgiveness.  Claire is torn between Adam, and James.  She believes  that her baby, Kate should have a father, but is James the right one?  Find  out when you read this excellent book.<br />Marian Keyes is a great author,  and in my opinion if you havn't read any of her works before then you  havn't lived yet!  She really brings the characters to life and you feel  what the characters are feeling.  This book is very emotional, since the  characters feelings and emotions are written down so well.<br />I would say  that this book is for adult reading and also teenagers.  I'm fourteen years  old and have read all of Marian Keyes' books.  I would say she is my  favourite author. <br />A round of applause for Marian Keyes, the talented  author of Watermelon.
0312243022|3.0|I found this work a 'Hamlet' book in terms of thought vs. action (too much of one and not quite enough of the other).  Cunningham dives the undercurrents of the most mundane of events to divine the essence and  meaning of life as we know it.<br />While very strong stylistically, fluent  and well-written, the book seems to dip into the 'tell' as opposed to the  'show' region now and then.  The characters tend to lay their thoughts open  to us, straight as railroad tracks, utterly sure of what they mean; at such  times, they turn into vessels for Cunningham's philosophy rather than  realistic characters in their own right.<br />Therefore, I found it a little  too contrived and self-aware; but still, a thought-provoking and insightful  read.
B00003CXDU|4.0|If you want a good laugh, this is the video for you.  This is an extremely witty movie which pokes gentle fun at Star Trek and Trekkies in the way the Scream movies poke fun at horror flicks.  This movie is far superior to the  scream movies in that it is much, much funnier.  (Lacking, however, most of  the hipness of the scream movies)  The acting is not stellar, but it  doesn't really need to be.  You will enjoy this movie if you just sit back  and let the jokes come.  I don't believe you really have to be a Star Trek  fan to enjoy this movie at all.  I have seen some episodes of Star Trek,  enough to be familiar with the genre, but that's it and this movie was  still hilarious.<br />See this if you are in the mood for a laugh, or rather,  lots of laughs.
B000002UB3|5.0|I have always admired how the Beatles felt a need to be different than other bands of the time. How they got sick of the same old and went with something new. This album includes some of my favorite songs, the kind that  you find yourself singing inside your head for weeks. Everything from  Octopus's Garden to Here Comes The Sun. The album is a pleasant mixure of  songs displaying each band member's personality. I highly recommend this  ablum.
0783226063|4.0|I too was hoping that the DVD would have had the deleted scenes from the longer version or the option to play either version of the movie.  There are SO many scenes in other versions of this movie that illustrate things  that happen in the novel.  <br />I've seen 3 or 4 different versions of this  movie, and each one of them containing a little more detail about different  aspects of the movie.  If you note the back of the DVD box, you see a  picture of Paul and Chani in a love scene...  the love scene doesn't appear  in the DVD version of the movie.  Odd, eh?<br />Anyway, I think this movie is  a great vision with a scope and a granduer even greater than that of Star  Wars.
0767851900|5.0|Kevin Smith rocks! This movie has a great line up of stars.Ben &amp; Matt are great together.I have seen it 3 times in the cinema and have now bought it on video, it's a must see for everyone - v. funny
B000002NJS|5.0|After hating all her albums for life, I admit her &quot;Ray of Light&quot; is something worth a listen and appreciation - No, not because she switched sides to techno / electronica in some of her songs. She in some sense  revolutionized techno from techno with one or two words repeated over and  over and over again to tracks with lyrics and decent electronic music. Wish  techno composers would either stick to remixing hits, be original like her  or just shut up (use duct tape if they have to) and concentrate on  electronic music. Shanti/Ashtangi would even sell as a single.
1558908382|5.0|This is a film which you can watch time and time again, but why is it such a good movie. It's got no CG, little special effects, and it's shot mostly in the one location. But what it does have is a story, which is not too far  fetched and maybe one, which we can relate to. In our busy lives do we ever  get time to stop and look back on our past, how are lives have turned out,  and if were happy. It's this message that underlies this black comedy about  a hit man on his final job, returning home, facing his decade old past and  the people he left behind. It makes you stop and think, what have become of  the people you used to know and ultimately left behind, and what have they  done with their lives. The story is excellent both in content, and  execution by John Cusack, (who also co-wrote the script, and starred along  with a good proportion of his family) and Minnie Driver. A story of love in  modern times with deeper meaning summarises this film. This film is a  classic in the making, it's one which you can add to your collection  knowing you've made a good purchase, and one you can watch over and over  again. I recommend this movie to anyone, this is definitely one to own, you  will not regret it.
0783226063|4.0|I too was hoping that the DVD would have had the deleted scenes from the longer version or the option to play either version of the movie.  There are SO many scenes in other versions of this movie that illustrate things  that happen in the novel.  <br />I've seen 3 or 4 different versions of this  movie, and each one of them containing a little more detail about different  aspects of the movie.  If you note the back of the DVD box, you see a  picture of Paul and Chani in a love scene...  the love scene doesn't appear  in the DVD version of the movie.  Odd, eh?<br />Anyway, I think this movie is  a great vision with a scope and a granduer even greater than that of Star  Wars.
B00001OH7U|5.0|If I could only have five Bowie CDs, \\"Station to Station\\" would round out the list.  It is a virtual Bowie music primer in that it pulls together more elements of his ever-changing style than any other album.  The songs  are good, but they work even better together-the whole is stronger than its  component parts.<br />\\"Diamond Dogs\\" was a transitional album between Bowie's  glam and disco phases. \\"Station to Station\\" is transitional on the other  side of the disco moment (epitomized by \\"Young Americans\\").  This one  bridges 70's dance music to the new wave style that would come into its own  with the \\"Berlin Trilogy\\" of \\"Low,\\" \\"'Heroes',\\" and \\"Lodger,\\" and reached  its zenith with the excellent \\"Scary Monsters.\\"  Songs like the title  track, \\"Station to Station\\" recall some of the bizarre mystic references  that pop up on \\"The Man Who Sold the World.\\" \\"TVC15\\" has choppy, paranoid,  non-sequitur lyrics like those on \\"Diamond Dogs.\\"  \\"Golden Years,\\" the  albums pop hit, would have fit well on the earlier \\"Young Americans\\" or the  later \\"Let's Dance.\\"    \\"Stay\\" has the dark and confused undertones that  characterize \\"Low.\\"  So, fans of almost any other Bowie album will find  something they like on \\"Station to Station.\\"<br />The album opens with the  highly original title song.  At over ten minutes, it is Bowie's longest  studio song, and one of his most complex.  Immediately he demonstrates what  a synthesizer can do by mimicking the sound of a train taking off from a  station.  Like the train, the song starts slowly before building to a full  steam. \\"Station to Station\\" is an asymmetrical song - the pace, the melody,  and everything else go through a gradual transformation from the start to  the end.  Despite this transformation and the symbolism of the title, the  song itself is not necessarily about transition.  After listening to it for  years and years I'm still not exactly sure what it is about.  It is  deliberately confused - like Bowie is trying to describe something that  he's having trouble putting words to.  He's feeling something, but he's not  sure what.  He rules out drugs - \\"Its not the side effects of the cocaine,\\"  before tentatively concluding, \\"I'm thinking that it must be love.\\"  So is  he speculating about a feeling, or an event?  Some of the lyrics hint at a  forced separation.  He may be trying to make sense of such an occurrence,  perhaps because of a war.  In this sense there are vague links to \\"Aladdin  Sane,\\" which itself draws on World War I imagery. Then there are the  mystical references, \\"Here are we, one magical movement from Kether to  Malkuth,\\" (a line related to the picture of Bowie drawing \\"the Tree of  Life\\" on the back of the CD package).  <br /> \\"Station to Station\\" is the only  song that mentions The Thin White Duke, which many assume was the newest  Bowie persona.  That isn't entirely clear from the song.  All we know from  the song is that the Duke has returned, throws darts in lovers eyes  (whatever that means) and makes sure \\"white stains.\\"  The Duke is not  necessarily the narrator of the song.  It could be a metaphor.  It could be  cocaine.  It could be another World War I reference.  It could mean nothing  at all.  Whatever it all means, it works well and is a worthy kickoff to  the album.<br />The next song is about as different as possible.  \\"Golden  Years\\" is the most accessible song on the album, and it's only hit single.   It is a straightforward, positive, nothing song combining a disco beat with  a 50's do-wop sound.  \\"Drive in Saturday\\" meets \\"Fame.\\"  Rumor has it that  Bowie originally wrote the song for Elvis Presley, who rejected it.   \\"Golden Years\\" is catchy, but it is the weakest song on the album.  It  sounds good at first, but is simply not as enduring or thought provoking as  the other songs.  Bowie is typically at his worst when he's trying to sing  happy, as with the songs \\"Kooks\\" and \\"Fill Your Heart\\" that mar \\"Hunky  Dory.\\"  Its over quickly, then we're back to the more complex with \\"Word on  a Wing.\\"<br />Bowie toys with religion from time to time in some of his songs.  \\"Word on a Wing\\" is his most sincere and overall best treatment of the  subject.  In the song he tries to reconcile his faith with the rest of his  life.  Bowie concludes, \\"Just because I believe don't mean I don't think as  well, don't have to question everything in heaven and hell.\\"  But the  tentativeness of much of the rest of the album is present on this song as  well.  This is not a sermon, it is an attempt to figure things out.   <br />Bowie can't figure anything out in the next song. \\"TVC15.\\" \\"TVC15\\" is  barely discernable as a song about a girlfriend getting consumed by a  television.  It's really an expression of paranoia, and the encroachment of  television on personal relations.  It is also the most tongue-in-cheek song  on the album, but musically it is one of the strongest.<br />\\"Stay\\" is the  next song.  Again, Bowie sounds deliberately confused.  This time he's  wrestling with whether a partner should stay the night or not.  One can  imagine the response to the song being \\"Should I stay or should I go.\\"   Bowie seems to realize that, if she (he?) stays there could be trouble.   \\"Stay\\" sharply contrasts with the certainty and confidence of \\"Let's Spend  the Night Together,\\" which Bowie weakly covers on \\"Aladdin Sane.\\"   As with  his spirituality, Bowie is unsure about his sexuality.  <br />At least until  the closing song, \\"Wild is the Wind.\\" \\"Wild is the Wind\\" is both one of  Bowie's most successful covers and also one of his best (really, one of his  only) ballads.  The song is a few steps away from being corny, but it  somehow works and sounds beautiful at the end of \\"Station to Station.\\"   There is no uncertainty in this song.  It is a profound expression of love,  and a good way to end the album.<br />All of this meshes very well together.  \\"Station to Station\\" is a collection of songs, not a concept album, but it  has a pleasing continuity despite the theme of uncertainty.  Aside from the  weakness of \\"Golden Years,\\" the album's only other shortcoming is that it's  too short.  Although the six songs are long, the entire album (minus bonus  tracks) contains less than 38 minutes.  But it is a very good 38 minutes.   <br />As usual, the \\"bonus songs\\" on the Rykodisk version of \\"Station to  Station\\" add nothing.  If you have the EMI version, which duplicates the  original, you are missing live versions of \\"Word on a Wing\\" and \\"Stay,\\" two  songs that you just heard.  The live versions are slightly longer, but  sound very much like the studio versions.  They are not bad, but they are  unnecessary.
0792151712|5.0|Titanic is a grand cinematic achievement that does not fail to release its  hold on you, no matter how many times you view it!  From the first ghostly  images of the wreck as the emerge from the gloom, to Rose's final reunion  with Jack, this is a film that takes you on a grand adventure for three  hours.  Granted many of the visuals lose their impact on the smaller  screen, (The sweeping camera shot of Titanic underway after Jack's  &quot;King of the World!&quot; scene, the engine room scenes, to name a  couple), but there are still many others to tug at your emotions,  especially the &quot;Nearer My God to Thee&quot; montage, and Rose's  realization that Jack has been claimed by the cruel sea, sacrificing  himself so that she might go on. Both these scenes still have the power to  bring tears to my eyes, and I've seen the film 7 times at present count!   Leonardo DeCaprio is perfect in the role of Jack Dawson, the vagabond  artist who meets Debutante Rose Dewitt Bukater and opens her eyes to the  world beyond her stuffy social circle. Their budding love makes Jack's  death all the more tragic, as you find yourself hoping that somehow they'll  overcome all and be able to live happily ever after. James Cameron does an  excellent job in making the pair representative of all the real  &quot;Happily Ever Afters&quot; that were not to be after that tragic night  in 1912.  This film can rightfully be called his masterpiece and all else  he does will pale in comparison to it.
0899681069|4.0|I first read this book more than twenty years ago and recently found my thoughts returning to it as I pondered what's available today for my own daughter. Pollyanna is simple by today's standards, but contains the kind  of genuine optimism and morality that our children sorely need. Author  Eleanor Porter passed away in 1920 after writing a couple of sequels, but  the remainder of the books in the series--there are eleven altogether, most  out of print--are treasures. Your child will enjoy reading about the  excitement of Pollyanna's adventures in such different times (in  Pollyanna's Western Adventure, Pollyanna's is one of the first families  with a &quot;radio set&quot;) and you can enjoy the discussions that ensue  as your child asks for explanations of life in the teens and twenties. If  you enjoyed the Little House books by Laura Ingalls Wilder, you will love  these. Classic american childhood fare.
B000000WJZ|5.0|The Smashing Pumpkins were the perhaps the first rock 'n' roll band whose music really reached me on more than just a feel-good level, and I think the same thing can be said for many others as well. For the first time, rock music sounded great AND had meaning! For me, it all started with the band's morose tune \\"Drown\\" on the [[ASIN:B0000028MA Singles: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack]]. Soon after, I picked up [[ASIN:B000000W6F Gish]], the Pumpkins' uncompromising debut album that features 10 solid songs worthy enough to be part of anyone's CD collection.<br /><br />Nothing prepared me, however, or anyone else, for the masterpiece of \\"Siamese Dream\\" that awaited in 1993. This is simply beautifully melodic music from the heart. Billy Corgan and his band mates specialize in both dreamy atmospherics and razor-sharp moments of hard-hitting guitars. The Pumpkins revel in lullaby effects that often transform to crashing waves of sonic power -- indisputable stuff. Corgan's voice follows suit with the music; one moment he's crooning sugar-coated sweet nothings, and the next moment he's wailing with abandon as if his life depended on it.<br /><br />The songs and lyrics on \\"Siamese Dream\\" are outstanding and practically  hypnotic. Contrary to its name, \\"Quiet\\" is anything but; Corgan plays a buzzing guitar while Jimmy Chamberlain taps in his slap-happy way on drums at a near frantic pace. \\"Today\\" is an inspiring composition, a song about respecting and loving each and every day, no matter how odd or difficult that may be at certain times. \\"Hummer\\" contains the same heartfelt theme, plus features dreamily constructed atmospherics that are hard to resist.<br /><br />To me, the Pumpkins' non-hit songs over the years often exceed the songs released for radio airplay -- and the tunes on \\"Siamese Dream\\" are no exception.  If you haven't heard songs like \\"Soma,\\" \\"Mayonaise,\\" \\"Spaceboy,\\" \\"Sweet Sweet\\" and \\"Luna,\\" then you're missing out on some good stuff. Corgan is probably a musical genius who A) always says something meaningful within his lyrics; B) has a knack for mixing the pretty and the profane; C) never compromises his style; and D) knows the value of a good song and how it pleases his fans.ys says something meaningful within his lyrics; B) has a knack for mixing the pretty and the profane; C) never compromises his style; and D) knows the value of a good song and how it pleases his fans.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Savage Garden took something like 2 years to come out with another album, but it's well worth the wait.  Every song is packed with passion, love and sincerity; with that touch of comedy in a few of them.  This CD's great.
B000000OAN|5.0|All I can say about this ultimate rock masterpiece is starting with the first track, DEATH ON TWO LEGS, You are in for one heck of a journey!  Queen was the best band in the world and there will never be another like  HER!
B000002AS3|5.0|Oasis guitarist and part-time singer Noel Gallagher once claimed that everything he needed to say via his lyrics came forth on the rousing opener from this CD, \\"Rock `n' Roll Star.\\" And while Noel's horizons have likely expanded greatly since that time, and Oasis' music would eventually become more complex, it's hard to argue the guy's original logic. \\"Rock `n' Roll Star\\" summed up this band's sound, aura and outlook perfectly: \\"Tonight,\\" croons Noel's brother Liam with glee on \\"Definitely Maybe's\\" first track, \\"I'm a rock `n' roll star!\\" From the get-go, it was easy to see what Oasis desired with abandon: total rock `n' roll excess and stardom that reached the stars.<br /><br />For a hard-rockin' band full of brashness, I always felt there was a sense of old-fashioned classiness to the way Oasis recorded its songs on album. The drums are usually soft, not overdone in the mix; Liam sounds like a Beatle or a Monkee; a tambourine is often shaking in time with the snare in the background; Noel's solos are modest and easy to follow compared to the ones of some of his flashier brethren; and, of course, melody is politely offered everywhere in a typical Oasis tune. Though Beatles comparisons came fast and furious from the time of the band's inception, tunes like the swaggering \\"Shakermaker\\" and the towering, wall-of-noise guitar chords on \\"Columbia\\" and \\"Cigarettes and Alcohol\\" indicated a much harder band with a Rolling Stones attitude. \\"Bring it on Down\\" is rougher-edged and more frantic, really nothing like what The Beatles did. To me, everything Oasis put out was usually much more exciting than The Beatles. The aforementioned \\"Columbia\\" contains a rhythm and bounce that makes you want to dance. \\"Live Forever\\" and \\"Supersonic,\\" the two released singles from this disc, were Oasis at its finest; the former a sentimental heart-tugger that showcased a band on the rise with ambition, a touch of insecurity and tons of tunefulness; the latter a bolder gem featuring goofy lyrics and a killer riff by Noel.<br /><br />Truthfully, any of these 11 songs could have been released to radio and been hits. \\"Up in the Sky,\\" for instance, is probably the most perfect rock song ever written. And the last three songs, \\"Digsy's Dinner,\\" \\"Slide Away\\" and \\"Married With Children,\\" are as equally catchy and display a Noel Gallagher who thinks about much more in life than just being a rock `n' roll star. Overall, this is awesome stuff: great singing, great guitar and simply great songs that are in a class by themselves.a killer riff by Noel.    Truthfully, any of these 11 songs could have been released to radio and been hits. \\"Up in the Sky,\\" for instance, is probably the most perfect rock song ever written. And the last three songs, \\"Digsy's Dinner,\\" \\"Slide Away\\" and \\"Married With Children,\\" are as equally catchy and display a Noel Gallagher who thinks about much more in life than just being a rock `n' roll star. Overall, this is awesome stuff: great singing, great guitar and simply great songs that are in a class by themselves.
006016848X|4.0|This book contains many observations which I believe to be quite accurate.  People do have their own patterns of communication, styles for dealing with difficulties, and desired forms of encouragement and caring.   Knowledge of these differences provides one with a great freedom to deal  with, and understand, people that might have patterns that differ from  one's own.<br />This strength comes from noting, and becoming aware of, these  differences without judging either yourself or others (ie. your partner,  friends, or family) as &quot;wrong&quot; for them.<br />I really enjoyed  reading this, especially as I've just recently read another book which  presents a similar theme: Working On Yourself Doesn't Work (by Ariel and  Shya Kane).  <br />That book goes beyond styles of communication, and  discusses the idea of observation without judgement as an approach which  can help resolve - and even dissolve - many otherwise difficult situations.
B000000OAH|5.0|Queen followed up the massive worldwide success of NEWS OF THE WORLD with this frenetic masterpiece.  This album is filled to the brim with buckets of Life. Curveball after curveball is thrown at you starting with the  wildly Bulgarian Mustapha to lovely ballads like Leaving Home Ain't Easy to  amphetamine driven rocker Dead on Time to the irresistable groove rock of  Fun It(one of my personal faves).  Queen would not show this kind of wild  creativity again until 13 years later on their wonderful, final album,  INNUENDO!  BUY THIS ALBUM!
B0000025YM|5.0|It Just Happened that i Was Roaming Camelot music for the the Jethro Tull album&quot;Heavy Horses&quot;When This album caught my eye.I Decided to Go check it out.It looked really good,so i bought it since it was the only one  left.As it turned out  They did'nt have Heavy Horses so i was pleased with  this.I hopped in the truck,turned it loud,and jammed my way home.Wow!This  CD is a real winner.It has 10 rockin' tunes and sounds really good in the  Truck.Since then i've bought Ram it Down, Priest Live!,and Painkiller.But  this is the best!
B000000OAC|5.0|In many ways this is Queen's most powerful album, and is very close to being their best.  Queen never again sounded as heavy as they do on this album.  The song SHEER HEART ATTACK is the heaviest song of the seventies,  period!  You've got to hear it to believe it!  GET DOWN, MAKE LOVE, SPREAD  YOUR WINGS, IT'S LATE, FIGHT FROM THE INSIDE AND ALL DEAD ALL DEAD...THE  LIST GOES ON AND ON, JUST A TREMENDOUS ALBUM!  It's timeless rock-n_roll  and I highly recommend it.<br />In a nutshell, this is Queen's BACK IN BLACK,  rock solid and immensely consistent.
B0000025YM|5.0|It Just Happened that i Was Roaming Camelot music for the the Jethro Tull album&quot;Heavy Horses&quot;When This album caught my eye.I Decided to Go check it out.It looked really good,so i bought it since it was the only one  left.As it turned out  They did'nt have Heavy Horses so i was pleased with  this.I hopped in the truck,turned it loud,and jammed my way home.Wow!This  CD is a real winner.It has 10 rockin' tunes and sounds really good in the  Truck.Since then i've bought Ram it Down, Priest Live!,and Painkiller.But  this is the best!
B000000OAL|5.0|The first thing you ask yourself when you listen to this album is: this is a debut?  What amazing vision this band had from the very start, they immediately created a sound that could never be duplicated.  And isn't the  young Freddie Mercury's voice absolutely marvelous on the rockers like Liar  and Great King Rat?  My two absolute favorites are Jesus and My Fairy  King(a precurser to the sound of Bohemian Rhapsody,et.al.).<br />Plus, the  bonus track, MAD THE SWINE(which was left off the original release in '73)  just about steals the show as the best track on the album!  What a gem!   Queen was the Best!
0800130936|2.0|it's from Africa i write.This film i can watch it everytime.These are comedy;action(very good action)and Martin Lawrence is good in his starring I hope that Will Smith will make'BAD BOYS 2'.I will be the first at cinema  to watch it
B000000OAA|5.0|This is probably tied in my opinion with Queen 2 as the best Queen album.  Each album is much too different to compare, but they do share the honor of absolute perfection.  Not only are these some of the best Queen songs,I say  that tracks like Brighton Rock, Lily of the Valley, Lap of the  Gods(revisited),  are some of the best in rock history period!  Buy this  album!  Everyone needs at least one god-like CD in their collection.
B00004NRWH|1.0|'Cause it's defintely not worth the 5 stars everyone's givin' it!<br />If Tool and Alice in Chains got together and decided to turn to country music as their new music medium, they would sound like this band.  It's the type  of band you would see playing gigs in pubs/bars, maybe even on the street.  The main singer just whines and whines nonstop (for no reason), it's so  grating that it gets in the way of the otherwise mundance...'music'.  <br />There's really nothing special about this band, except the fact it says  even the most suckiest music groups have a chance at the &quot;big  time&quot;.
B000002J2B|5.0|The emotions are raw, the musicianship superb, and the lyrics challenging yet accessible.  Even though Genesis &quot;popped out&quot; several CD's ago, you can always appreciate them for this Divinely-inspired mid-70's  masterpiece.  The Genesis fans who latched onto the band in the 80's &amp;  90's must give an honest listen to this CD, as well as &quot;A Trick of the  Tale&quot; and &quot;...And Then There Were Three&quot; to get an idea of  the best Genesis ever did.  Be aware: this &quot;ain't no dancin'  music&quot; nor is it Top 40 fodder.  Simply put, it's the best recording  that has ever been made.  &quot;One For The Vine&quot; is the best song  ever written, with its mood changes, subtle use of the flute  (synthesizer?), breathtaking climax, and Tony Banks' deft fingers on the  keyboards.  &quot;Eleventh Earl of Mar&quot; is another awesome effort  highlighted by Phil Collins' vocals and percussion.  Steve Hackett's  wonderful guitar work is heard on the touching, yet powerful &quot;Blood on  the Rooftops&quot;.  &quot;All in a Mouse's Night&quot; is unique in that  it tells a story from three different points of view: the cat, the mouse,  and the narrator, each with its own style of music.  And, of course, the CD  concludes with the instrumental trilogy punctuated and resolved with  &quot;Afterglow&quot;.  I liked the album the first few times I listened to  it, but as I heard it more and more, it seemed to keep &quot;growing&quot;  on me until amazement set in and I can't see how anyone can top this.  How  I wish that Genesis would turn back to their mid-to-late 70's style of  music, but that may be unrealistic in today's &quot;instant pop hit&quot;  corporate culture.  Thank God I have a recording like this to wash out my  ears and recharge my battery!
6304198442|4.0|This is a modern staged version performed by the Metropolitan Opera. It's interesting staging (reminiscent of ancient Egypt!) and excellent singing. Lots of great special effects, too! James Levine conducts the Met  Orchestra. This version does have English subtitles. It's all on one video  tape.
B00004TB5B|3.0|I think this LP is a little better than his first but not much. It is very similar in ways how he talks about killing everybody and thats about all he talks about. If you liked his first LP you will really like this one, I'm  just not the biggest fan.
0780624890|4.0|You gotta hand it to the New Line Platinum series - they make even your average movies worth buying on DVD. Blade is above average, a fun horror flick with good effects and lots of camp. It's the DVD extras that make  this worth buying. Great commentary and behind-the-scenes insights that  deepen one's appreciation for the film even further.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Its a dope disc w/awsome beats and complicated rhymes, most of which are beyond hysterics. Personally, I liked the style of the Slim Shady LP better, but only because I think the rhymes on the new LP may seem a little  curt and kind of abrupt, but its still pretty ill. You definitely wanna go  out n lift this one, it'll be the best thing you buy all year.
B00000DGUG|5.0|A densely probing record, finely wrought and gloriously inspired.  Thru the course of 17 songs, we find Ms. Morissette raging and trying to find herself, but her rage is not without, but within - internally, not  externally.  The music is mainly mid-tempo, although there are upbeat  tracks on this album.<br />There is no other album produced in the 1990s that  have such depths as this one as (that I know of).  Its one of the few  albums I return to again and again and find new depths in it.  Although for  quite different purposes, I respect this as much as I respect my personal  favorite album (THE WHITE ALBUM).  Both are great for different purposes.   Both are grand artistic experiments, though THE WHITE ALBUM moreso than  SFIJ.  SFIJ is a natural progression in Alanis's artistic growth.  But the  instrumentation is a lot different that JLP.  This is a masterpiece in and  of its own right, and her new album (to be released in 2001, and I think  called WAKE or something similar) has very large shoes to fill.  <br />JAGGED  LITTLE PILL, although good in its own way, was, in and of itself, much more  pop oriented.  There is not the depth there that is in here.  No wonder  this record took three years to conceive and bring into being.  Although it  is said (I have no reason to dispute it) she wrote these songs in 1997, I  believe it started growing within her as soon as the last JLP recording  session ended, and that album published.  It could not have been released a  year afterward.  <br />The Beatles are unequaled artistically.  Because they  were so prolific, however, you could chart their artistic growth.  It  started in HELP!, and then RUBBER SOUL grew more complex, then onto  REVOLVER, and then the culmination of their growth, SGT. PEPPER.  In  Alanis's situation, however, there was no chance to chart the growth.  It  went from HELP! (JLP) to SGT PEPPER (SFIJ) with no clue there would be such  a drastic jump.  Not that I am comparing this to SGT PEPPER, but I'mgiving  an example of her artistic growth to another well-charted group.  Do not  deem this review bad because I have done so, and do not think I oft compare  The Beatles with Alanis.  They come from different times, and stand for  different artistic things. (Alanis's early records, dance, are like the old  rock `n roll of The Beatles, before they came into their own artistic  niche).<br />JLP is that HELP! record.  But there is clues of what will happen  next.  All I Really Want, Perfect (though I don't much care for it), and  Forgiven help point toward this, but those songs belong on JLP.  It points  too, but does not belong with.  Not that JLP is a bad record, but (to me) I  find this a much more emotionally and artistic satisfying album that its  predecessor.  Of course, do not expect her entire former allegiance to  appreciate it.  When The Beatles were growing, some of the fan base did not  like the direction they were taking.  Of course, that quickly passed.  But  now, people want more of the same, and there is not the same respect in the  music growth.  Few bands nowadays are grand on the artistic level.  A lot  of things are just bubble-gum pop, or &quot;Hey now, you're an all  star!&quot;  That song, although I like Smash Mouth, embodies everything  that is wrong with popular music today.  There is no common cause, no  meaning - just Bubble Gum lyrics and stupidity.  The late 90s were a rather  dismal time in the music industry (at least from the fresh new blood).  We  just have bands like Blink182 and these teen sex symbols. It is here, in  this record, you find what rock'n'roll needs - meaning and substance, not  cotton candy (a lot of fluff and no substance).  This also embodies an  ideal truth not often talked about -- the Godlessness of Rock N' Roll.   From these lyrics, its pretty clear she is searching for God though.  At  least she is searching, and I pray to God she finds it.  This album is her  takes on life, and her search for God (and, thoughshe doesn't know it,  Christ).  In JLP, it dealt with revenge, rage, teen love, and other such  things.  In a way, it is a concept record about the life of a young person,  dealing with the various things a young person goes thru now-a-days.  But  on SFIJ, now she has come to deeper understanding, and if it follows,  perhaps she will come to the knowledge of Christ.  That is the answer to  all of her searching.
B000002OHF|3.0|Wishbone Ash played fairly mediocre British guitar oriented rock in the early seventies. Their best known song &quot;Ballad Of The Beacon&quot; is here and it's a true classic of the era, but it's amongst a lot of below  average boogie woogie on this release.
0876852630|5.0|italians begging for nickels in the palozzo... most jobs are as satisfying and rewarding. for most a glimpse into the world of meaningless  expenditure of energy.  the gentility rubs its nose while dog biscuits and  coconut are shoveled. on the banks of lake superior the ice bergs still  float in during the month of june.  a good book  is just as rare.  robert  pinsky says that bukowski is pretty good for childs lit.  i say tht pinsky  should stick to being lauerate and let someone else write the news/poetry.
B0000026UL|4.0|If Dylan had replaced &quot;When Teardrops Fall&quot; with &quot;Series of Dreams&quot; and &quot;Disease of Conceit&quot; with &quot;Dignity&quot;, this would have been one of his best albums.  Of course, if Dylan wasn't  perverse and willful he wouldn't be Dylan. As it is the album's  still very  fine, with a few standout songs (particularly &quot;Man in the Long  Coat&quot;), great growly vocals and moody arrangements by Lanois.
B000007SPU|5.0|This recording carries you through the gamut of emotions. When I heard My Father I stopped what I was doing and sat in front of the speakers, transfixed. When it was over I played it again. Quite possibly the most  beautiful piece of music I have ever heard. Perfect music for driving  through the desert at 4am. Rainy nights with no moon. Secret hiding places.  Musty basements and old books. A single candle and a hot scented bath. Rare  incense. A bit of absinthe or some homemade mead. An absolutely amazing  piece of work.
0440234743|1.0|I have read other books of Grisham, and this one is not up to his usual standard. Apparently he has been to the Pantanal, and this so impressed him that he thought he should write about it. The story is predictable and  uninteresting.
0783229364|5.0|The Secret of My Success is, without a doubt, one of the definitive movies of the 80's.  Micheal J. Fox is not only an American hero, but he is also a fine actor.  His character, Brantley Foster, is a class act.  Foster  epitomizes the American dream and how one can achieve it- if they want it  bad enough.  This movie is not only great for entertainment, but a great  addition to anyone's film collection.  Highly Recommended - A+ OH  YEAH!
B00000I78Y|5.0|Well, when I first heard this band, I hated them.  My girlfriend had their cd and always played it, i hated it.  After a while, it grew on me and i can say that i like them.  I would recommend this band to you because they  are good.  I like good bands.  I hate dumb bands.  Good bands are good, and  bad bands are bad.  That is why I recomend this band to you cause it is a  good band, and good bands are good.  If you like good bands, and don't like  bad ones, then you will like this cd 'cause it is good.  Buy it.
B0000024IE|5.0|Im listening this album right about now and I gotta tell you , its one of the bests cds ever!  Personally this is my favourite P.E album , maybe cause its the first I bought.... Songs like &quot; Welcome to the  terrordome&quot;, &quot; Who stole the soul &quot; , &quot; burn hollywood  burn &quot;, &quot; fight the power &quot; etc are really enjoiable . If u  wanna spend some bucks on a classic peep this NOW!
B00000ADG2|4.0|...although I'm not accustomed to hip-hop. She deserved her victories last year, because she can be expressive in her attitude towards the present world. I never knew that Wyclef Jean was also a member of the Fugees!
1570429596|4.0|I wish I had these dads growing up. I would have gotten on the ball a lot sooner. The story is a perfect illustration of how we what we learn growing up and the choices that we make that determine our future success. A must  read (listen).
B000002BPS|2.0|Dexter Holland has a great voice and a nice look, but he wastes it all on hate! If he were lovely and liked BSB, he'd be Jeremy Jordan - Dex and JJ have similar voices and looks but completely opposite attitudes. JJ has put  out the best and loveliest album ever (Try My Love) in 1993, but Dex has  the worst song ever in Cool To Hate. It's nothing more than a great voice  wasted on hate!
0525457585|5.0|I bought this book three years ago, after thinking that I would never be able to get my hands on it! It is amazingly well written, not to mention well-translated...I am currently reading the novel in its original  German...and Ralph Manheim translated the work wonderfully. The writing  style is lyrical, and the plot is amazing--how the outsider, Bastian, is  able to cross over into a world of fantasy and travel back to his world  after many challenges. This is an incredibly imaginative book that I am  glad to have found. I love reading all the &quot;stories&quot; within the  stories, and the amazing thing is that not all the stories are complete  (hence, the title of the novel) but it does allow you to imagine what  happened to the wide variety of characters that are in this novel. I also  think that this novel transcends the recommended reading age of 9-12...it  is very sosphisticated. If you know German, too, I would recommend reading  the German version (&quot;Die Unendliche Geschichte&quot;) as well. I could  go on and on about this book, but one should read it. Even though it is  really long, it is worth the read.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Movies are about more than what is on the screen, aren't they?<br />If after watching this movie your brain hurts and you begin to question every stick of furniture, personal possession, and the entire course and meaning of  your life, then you got it.<br />If not, well, there may still be hope for  you.  WHY DO YOU DO WHAT YOU DO?  That is the central question this movie  submits for your consideration.  Some people are comfortable with this  question and some, sadly, are not.  All the hoopla about the violence, and  blood, blah, blah, blah, is just a convenient way to avoid answering the  question and dismiss the film.  If you're in the latter group, you'd better  get back to your worker-bee, consumptive life.  Or, should you?<br />This film  didn't get the reviews because so many people realized they couldn't look  that simple little question in the eyes and it was an conversation killer  at cocktail parties.<br />Sadly, this is the life-plan many young generations  are steadfastly glued to...image, consumption and hedonism.  If the majority  of us had embarked on a slightly more spiritual path and taken the time to  teach our children what is truly valuable in life, this movie probably  wouldn't have been made.  Think about it...or, go watch some more TV.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This is as I said before the best example of Modern Day Rap yet! That is until his next CD comes out!  Eminem is the best rapper known today! This CD did not have one song on it that was bad! i must put my very best  compliments in for &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;! These  are the best songs of Modern Day Rap period!
B00000IFP6|5.0|Absolutely! but with such grace and magnetism that after initial listening, the speed becomes second nature.  One should also bear in mind that on Zinman's corner is the man himself! Beethoven's metronome  marking(s), we are assured, is(are) strictly followed.. with this in mind,  the speed becomes almost essential.<br />Personally, the highlight of the  series is the Symphony 4.  Sadly, this is a work concert-goers very seldom  get a chance to hear.. and I envy those who attended Zinman's live no 4.   (I'll have to make do with my CD) The 1st movt has an aura of shrouded  mystery, which happily opens to a joyful new theme.. and the finale jumps  with youthful exuberance.  The players of the Tonhalle Orchestra, notably  the woodwind, excel in their virtuosity.  Most commendable!<br />The only  symphony I had greater difficulty in coming to terms to was the no. 6.  The  whole piece didnt seem very 'pastorally' to me.  Although Karajan's speed  was marginally slower in certain areas, he managed to achieve a leisurely  feel.  Although in support of fast speeds, it does sound better than  Jochum's dragging 6 on Philips.. personally anyway.<br />The other quibble I  have is the lack of documentation.  There was hardly enough on individual  symphonies, but the gist on the Barenreiter Edition is efficient.  Then  again, with the super low price of these CDs, perhaps i'm a little too  demanding.<br />In a nutshell, if you prefer slow, traditional(? ), flowing,  smooth Beethoven, go for  someone like Walter on CBS or Menuhin on  EMI.<br />If you like your Beethoven fast and dynamic, then opt for the Zinman  if you like modern instruments or Gardiner on DG for period  instruments.<br />But well done to everyone involved in this project.  A  face-lift (for the better!) on one of music's great milestones.<br />Happy  listening!
6304490119|4.0|Sure, Kurt Russell is his usual &quot;he-man&quot; self; James Spader is typically nerdy as the professor with the key to the Stargate.<br />It is Jaye Davison, however, who &quot;rules&quot; with his special-effects enhanced  presence and his adrogynous looks.  He makes the most unlikely SUPREME  BEING which makes the film unique and thoroughly entertaining.<br />Actually,  I think this is a better film than the hugely successful &quot;Independence  Day&quot; that was made by the same production team.
0140277447|5.0|For too long, American historians have focused on the &quot;victimization&quot; of Japan during WWII as a result of the atomic bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. From debates over museum exhibits  to academic hand-wringing over the proper historical emphasis, discussions  of the most impactful event on the 20th century have been twisted to ignore  realities on ALL sides of the equation. With this book, an uncompromising,  unflinching (and remarkably vivid) account of Japan's barabarism in China  during the 1930s, we finally understand what it was that the United States  was fighting against: inhuman militiarism by Japan in Asia and the Pacific.  Every detail is explored, giving the reader a powerful journey to be sure  (some passages are extremely difficult to endure, but endure we must), but  in the end, we are rewarded by having the lost voices of Chinese victims  have their rightful place at the historical table. Some of the tortures  inflicted on the Chinese were so savage, so utterly devoid of even a shred  of humanity, that it is sometimes hard to believe that anyone could descend  to that level of beastliness. However, this is not an anti-Japanese  polemic, attempting to bring the current Japanese government to its knees  in a flood of tears and cries for forgiveness. Instead, this is an account  of what many (especially in the United States) have long forgotten, if they  ever remembered in the first place. At the very least, the book can stand  as a reminder of the dangers of unchecked militarism.
078322334X|3.0|A dinosaur makes its way to an unsuspecting metropolis.  It eats a few people, stomps on a few cars, destroys a few buildings, makes a loud roar as it is silouetted against the lights of the city, is overcome by the work  of a crafty scientist...<br />Hey, didn't they do this in 1953 with &quot;The  Beast from the 20,000 Fathoms?&quot;
B000002572|5.0|Forget the lyrics (this is arena rock, not Bob Dylan), check your brain at the door, and suit up for an album of pure, unadulterated rock and roll. What makes the album so appealing is that the songs flow so effortlessly  without belaboring the point (no Iron Butterfly-like songs of indefinite  duration). Again, Boston was not about changing the world or even changing  the face of music; it attempted, in an era of self-indulgence and even  further self-congratulation, to strip rock down to its essentials and give  the listener a good time.
B00000F1D3|1.0|All right.  The only good song on this album is Believe.  I think Cher is too old to sing.  She should stick to dance songs where she has a lot of music to  back her up.  Don't buy this.  I reccomend it to Celine Dion fans  and some Whitney Houston fans though.  Buy some of her older work first and  if you like that buy this.<br />Take my word for it!
B00000K19E|1.0|I think my title made it clear that i think this movie is way overrated. It was not worth my money. I bought it expecting that it would be one of the best movies ever. The visuals are really good, great actually, but you  cannot base a movie on good special effects. You need a good story.  Everyone is talking about how mind-blowing all the concepts are. Well I  have news for them, it is a movie that pretty much shows what paranoid  people think about all the time. It just plain out did NOT impress me. The  thing that ticked me off the most was that all the people who saw it said  that the gun fight in the lobby was the best part of the movie, and the  best scene of any. I was really disappointed with that part. All my friends  said that pillars were falling down and that it was intense. First off I  will say that no pillars fell down. Only one pillar looked like it got hit  by tons of bullets. That scene was far from intense, because more than half  of it was in slow motion. Excuse me, but slow motion in an action part of  an ACTION movie doesn't really work. The only thing that was cool was when  he dodged the bullets on the roof in slow motion. I will end by saying  this, if you want a great action movie i will recommend a few, DIE HARD  movies, and James Bond movies. The Matrix just did not live up to my  expectations and i am glad i expressed this with you the reader. If you do  want to see it, RENT IT FIRST PLEASE. Do not make the mistake of buying it  first.
630382790X|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies.  It's about three astronauts who adventure to the moon but...  Buy it and you'll find out the rest.  I reccomend it to anyone.  My favorite part is when Fred throws up and the  puke floats in the micro gravity.  BUY THIS NOW!  OR ELSE!
B00004T9VY|5.0|Tea for the Tillerman is simply amazing.  Every song is beautiful and the lyrics are great.  This is definantly a cd you should get.  Should it be your first one?  I don't know, it was my first Cat Stevens cd, but i know  you cant go wrong with this one.  Teaser and the Firecat as well as Mona  Bone Jakon are also great ones.
0679746048|4.0|This is one of those books that you try to put down, but end up picking back up moments later to read, to devour.  And only when you do finish it do you really breath.<br />It's also a very good, if shocking novel.  Kaysen  makes few if any compromises in the portrayal of Claymoor, and the girls  discuss everything, including having sex with your boyfriend on five-minute  checks. There's also a lot of introspection, some of which left me thinking  more than I had in awhile after reading.  This book is hard to put down,  and at less than 200 pages, it's a pretty quick read.  If there was one  flaw, it's that this didn't tell more about the institution, and skipped  around time periods a lot. But if you don't mind thinking and being briefly  possessed by a novel, it's a definite must-read.
B000002IZM|5.0|I never knew much about Blade Runner until I saw most of it on the Sci Fi channel here recently.  I need have only listened to the opening track to know that I had to have this CD.  After a little confusion I finally  located it and what a purchise it was.  This is by far one of the best CDs  I've gotten in a few years.  It out does even Gattica which I bought merely  a week before.  Though this movie was made before my time it continues to  inspire me, and mystify me.  Truly a work of art
B00003000M|1.0|The only thing worse than the concept of this album is the fact that some people will actually bypass Marley's original works to purchase and listen to this garbage.  Please, if you want &quot;Turn Your Lights Down Low&quot;  then buy EXODUS.  If you want &quot;No More Trouble&quot; then buy CATCH A  FIRE.  If you want &quot;Rastaman Chant&quot; then buy BURNIN', etc.  If  people can't appreciate Marley's music in its original form, the problem is  with them, not the music.
B0000062GE|5.0|By the way, to answer the professional critics, Stabbing Westward does have a face. Its name is Chris Hall. He's always standing in front, if you haven't noticed. It's his face and just his face in the CD case of Wither  Blister Burn &amp; Peel. Just because the rest of the band isn't disposable  doesn't mean that it doesn't have a personality. To my knowledge they have  only replaced one band member the whole time they've been in existence.  Although many bands nowadays swap members like NBA teams, this doesn't mean  that just because a band isn't following those standards it is not a good  band. Take Metallica, for example. Metallica was very much a compilation of  &quot;guys who thought alike&quot; without a really essential figure, much  more so than Stabbing Westward. Yet they are numbered as one of the  greatest bands of all time. Just a little snubbing of the critics opinions,  and some advice to those professionals out there: Do some research before  you diss a band merely because of their &quot;image&quot;. Now certain  nameless bands and performers (very popular amongst prepubescent girls) are  widely dissed because of image. But the real reason they shouldn't be  respected is because they can't sing and don't write their own songs,  unlike all the examples listed by the critic I am responding to.
B00004TCPJ|5.0|The version of Rachmaninoff's Third Concerto was originally recorded live in January of 1978 and released about three weeks after the concert.  By rushing the LP into stores, RCA was able to cash in on the publicity of Horowitz's Golden Jubilee, but the sound on the original release was very poor indeed.  The piano was miked too closely, and the orchestra mix was very poor.  The CD released in the mid-1980s was a great improvement over the LP, but the sonics were problematic there also:  The piano was mixed down too severely and seemed to recede behind the orchestra in some passages.  This new High Performance reissue is a vast improvement over  both earlier versions.  The balance problems have been solved, and both piano and orchestra have a much warmer, deeper sound.  The dynamic range has been greatly opened up--the final timpani THWACK at the end of the Concerto is quite startling.<br /><br />As for the performance, this remains  my sentimental favorite--even though Horowitz was in better shape in the 1951 version with Reiner than he was in 1978.  (He was 74 when this  recording was made.)  There is something about Horowitz's phrasing, his ability to vary the tempo without losing hold of the basic pulse, and his  mixing of inner voices that seems so right.  It is more than mere piano playing, it is the art of PERFORMANCE.  Bringing the music to life is more than putting the right finger in the right place at the right  time--and Horowitz was a master of this elusive art.  The Rachmaninoff  Third Concerto was undoubtedly the greatest piano concerto of the 20th century, and this is my desert island performance--warts and all.<br /><br />The Sonata was recorded in concert in 1980.  Horowitz plays his own \\"compromise\\" version of the Sonata--which is an improvement over the rambling 1913 original and emasculated 1931 editions.  It's a pity that no Horowitz Performing Edition was ever published.  Personally, I prefer Horowitz's  lithe, pantherlike 1968 recording on Sony to the brooding, moody  performance heard here.  The sound on the Sony disc is also superior, but RCA has again improved the sound over earlier issues.  The piano sounds warmer and less tinny, and the dynamic range is greatly increased.<br /><br />This  disc is a must for all piano enthusiasts.brooding, moody  performance heard here.  The sound on the Sony disc is also superior, but RCA has again improved the sound over earlier issues.  The piano sounds warmer and less tinny, and the dynamic range is greatly increased.      This  disc is a must for all piano enthusiasts.
0375501851|5.0|I can't remember when I read a book that made me laugh so hard I cried. And--not in just one place but over and over from the beginning to the last page. If this book doesn't win the Booker and every other award in  England...well let's give it a Pulitzer in the U.S.  And Oprah..I sure hope  you can endorse books written by citizens of the U.K.<br />It's too easy to  call this book zany. And, having read Simone de Beauvoir's writing, I can  understand how a 24-year old can be brilliant. &quot;White Teeth&quot; is a  masterpiece: complex, confounding, existential, and hilarious. Smith takes  a wry look at social relationships, including friendships, marriages,  parent-child connections, young lovers, gangs, cultural groups, religious  cults, intellectual circles, and guys who hang aroung greasy pubs. She  meticulously attends to what she observes and deftly records all the  nuances of character and behaviour. She is the Jane Austin of the Age of  Aquarius. She is the Coraghassan Boyle of Britain.<br />Smith accurately  reflects and humorously depicts the times we live in--a world where  individuals are struggling to define the meaning of existence via  psychiatry, religion, science, and personal relationships. A world where  cultural imperatives are not nearly as critical as &quot;who made me&quot;  and &quot;why do I exist.&quot;<br />This is a story of generations and  generatonal warfare. Of children who don't understand parents, of parents  who don't understand children or each other. Of children who think someone  else's parents are superior. Of grandparents who are Jehovah's witnesses  and ride motorbikes with former boyfriends who have &quot;seen the  light&quot; and great-grandparents who start mutinies but fail to pull the  trigger.<br />Every thread of the narrative is woven into a seamless  tale--there are NO loose ends. &quot;What goes around comes around&quot;  until the end of time. What is set in motion affects the life that set it  in motion. Is this fate? Is it the result of rational thought and action?  Is it the will of Allah, God, Jehovah?<br />How is the Nazi Herr Ferret, with  the bleeding tear ducts, Archie Jones and Samid Iqbal encounter in WWII  Romania tied to the creation of the SuperMouse by Marcus Chalfen (alias  Chalpinski a Jewish emigree from Poland via Germany).<br />How do the genes  of Englishman Captain Charlie Durham (&quot;damn fool bwoy&quot;) who  sacrificed a thousand Jamaican people for a woman he never knew come to  reside in Hortense, Clara and Irie of Jamaican descent. How does Clara  loose her teeth, loose Ryan, and manage to fall for another Englishman of  dubious intelligence?<br />How does the identical DNA in Magid and Millat  Iqbal coincide with such different personalities. Samid sends Magid to  Bangladesh to be raised in the Muslim culture--but he becomes more English  than the English and, in spite of his father's protests, returns to England  become patent lawyer involved in Marcus Chalfin's SuperMouse  project.<br />Millat, the twin who Samid cannot afford to send to Bangladesh  grows up in North London, smokes and sells Marijuana, has a zillion  girfriends and loves gangster movies. His heroes are de Niro, Liotta,  Pacino. He attempts to renounce these devilish pursuits when he encounters  the green-bowtie wearing militant Muslin gang known as KEVIN (yes,they know  they have an acronym problem).  KEVIN seeks the destruction of all ungodly  behavior, including Marcus Chalfin's ungodly experiments with mice.  Millat's affinity with gangsters seems convenient (&quot;As far back as I  can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster&quot; becomes &quot;As far  back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a Muslim.&quot;)<br />Marcus's  son Joshua grows a Jewfro and joins FATE, an animal rights group living in  a Victorian mansion trashed by Australian illegal immigrants. FATE is the  violent arm of Greenpeace that targets the inhumane treatment of  animals--including mice raised for nefarious purposes.<br />Suddenly, it's  New Year's Eve and all the characters are headed for Trafalgar Square. FATE  travels in it's liberation bus borrowed from a social worker. KEVIN and Sam  and Archie and their wives, and Meena the lesbian &quot;niece of  shame&quot; travel via subway. Hortense and Ryan follow the Jehovah's  Witness bus on their motorscooter. Is it the END OF THE WORLD?ce raised for nefarious purposes. <br />Suddenly, it's  New Year's Eve and all the characters are headed for Trafalgar Square. FATE  travels in it's liberation bus borrowed from a social worker. KEVIN and Sam  and Archie and their wives, and Meena the lesbian &quot;niece of  shame&quot; travel via subway. Hortense and Ryan follow the Jehovah's  Witness bus on their motorscooter. Is it the END OF THE WORLD?
0679736646|5.0|As in any PKD book (but in this one espescialy ) I had while reading a drugged feeling. He's making me feel as if the world around me becomes fluid , moving gently , colors all mixed-up.<br />PKD is just able to take  apart with a few words your grasp of reality , you ca'nt tell if the  protagonist is awake , asleep , or drugged-almost-to-death. combined with  his extrodinary gripping writing style - It's a lethal dosage of excellent  literature - almost poetry.<br />My English is not good enough for me to write  fully what I think of this particular masterpiece. very recommended.
B00004TH6O|5.0|In an industry that is loaded with bands that merely aspire to musical impersonation or regurgitation, the Queens of the Stone Age have a distinct and origianl style/sound that, while influenced by other musicians, is an entrancing concoction unlike any other. After becoming addicted to their previous release I was foaming at the mouth for some new sounds from the Queens. Suffice it to say they did not disappoint with the release of \\"R\\". While others lament the band's departure from the \\"Kyuss\\" sound, the previous QOTSA album indicated that this was the direction in which the band was heading. I love the music that Kyuss made and was saddened by their decision to disband, but now that QOTSA has emerged I can understand the need to move on. The comparisons are inevitable, so like Kyuss, the evolution that is QOTSA is something to be appreciated - for its own qualities. The new release is the next creative step in the progression of what is a truly great band. Thanks to these guys for giving us a truly dynamic musical feast, which continues to insure that, simply put, Rock & Roll will never die.
6305657939|5.0|Magnificent is the only word I can use to describe this movie!  From start to finish, TCA held me in suspense and the ending was quite a twist.  Unfortunately, I have not seen the original, so it's difficult to benchmark  this one against that. However, I would strongly recommend this to all  those Pierce Brosnan fans out there, and definitely recommend it to the  Rene Russo fans as well!
B00002N9ER|5.0|I truly would not get the mag lite with out this accessory.  It comes in handy when you want to mount your maglite to a wall.  This helps you to keep it with in reach
0790744295|5.0|How can i ever express my glee toward this 1982 film? From the first viewing i fell in love with the timeless horror classic. This particular entry into the genre is notable for its uncannyand faithful tribute to the  1950's horror comics (as distributed by EC Publishing), its comical charm,  its fantastic effects, and its cult creators (Stephen King and George  Romero, and effects by fan fave Tom Savini).  Packed with five stories of  the macabre this film is bound to please fans of horror as well as kids,  adults, and most other moviegoers with its immortal style. The first tale  provides us with a story regarding a cranky old man that was murdered by  his daughter on Father's Day because she grew weary of his actions against  her. Knowing that you are watching a Romero/King flick only can assure you  of the fun to come from said situation. The second tale of terror stars  none other than Stephen King in what is perhaps horror film's most  enjoyable guest star role. King plays a simple hick who comes across a  meteor which spreads its reign of terror around his home. King provides us  with a truly memorable and quirky performance that is sure to remain in  most people's minds. The third tale involves a cheating wife and the  vengeance of her spiteful husband on both she and her &quot;other&quot;  man...naturally taking up on the EC tradition we can only expect the worse  lesson for the wrath-ridden husband via supernatural means. The fourth tale  is about a strange crate that is discovered beneath the steps of a college  stairwell. Within lie the mysterious contents of an Artic expedtion...that  we all know will only wreak their havoc. The final creepout is slowly  presented to us in the form of an evil tycoon with nothing on his mind but  money...and getting rid of filthy cockaroaches (or vice versa?). Each story  is fantastically told and to top it all off we are provided with a  wraparound tale that introduces the whole chi-bang. This is what fun is all  about.No need to take this serious just watch it for the enjoyability  factor and you won't be disappointed. Fans will also find, much to their  pleasure, a wide array of bedazzling special effects, oddball lighting,  unique characters, and overall good direction and storytelling. A definite  addition to any sane person's video library. The dvd version is creepshow  at its best. Presented in the best color, picture, and sound ever, don't  fret video buyers because the dvd sports nothing extra that you might be  missing. Regardless of the lack of extra features this dvd is a no miss.  Buy it
0312243022|3.0|The Hours is a beautifully written novel, inspired not only by the work of Virginia Woolf, but also by events in her life.  Michael Cunningham has constructed a tripartite piece that simultaneously snapshots events in the  lives of three very different women, Virginia Woolf among them. Cunningham  eloquently intersects Virginia Woolf, the author, with her creation, Mrs  Dalloway, and then parallels this with the lives of two readers who are  heavily influenced by Woolf's work.  With careful attention to detail, and  beautiful prose, Cunningham creates an echo of &quot;stream of  consciouness&quot; writing that successfully celebrates Woolf's own style  and pace.   This book was an unusual choice for our bookclub, and we were  impressed with it's simplicity, depth and beauty.  However, apart from one  enthusiastic reader, we were somewhat bemused by this work.  We wondered  where the inspiration for this piece came from?  And, how many books on and  by Virginia Woolf you would have to read to get to this place?  And, would  it have helped if we had read &quot;Mrs Dalloway&quot;?  One of our readers  summed it up best:  &quot;This book takes our club to a new level...&quot;
B000002BFZ|3.0|There are those who would accuse Pearl Jam, following the release of their new album, Binaural, of such low-down despicable crimes as becoming \\"bloated rock dinosaurs\\" and the like.  I must confess that I haven't  actually heard the aforementioned record; however, could it be that such  listeners yearn for the heady, angst-ridden days of Ten and Vs. and simply  can't bear the thought of Pearl Jam growing up?  It's an interesting  proposition, whose roots may be found on listening to No Code.<br />No Code is  undoubtedly a different beast to the band's previous two records.  For me,  the production is somewhat stodgy and Jack Irons' drumming lacks the  glittering dexterity of the previous drummer(s); however, the record yet  stands up to repeated listening by virtue of its more relaxed, easygoing  vibe which, while tempered by such raging fusillades as Hail, Hail, Habit  and Lukin, is exemplified on songs such as Smile (which wouldn't be out of  place on a Neil Young tribute record) and my personal favourite, the  shuffling Off He Goes. <br />I respect musicians who aren't afraid to fly in  the face of popular and populist pressure by taking their work in new  directions.  Such musicians may be found inhabiting a wide variety of  genres - Jim O'Rourke and Bill Callahan are two who spring immediately to  my mind - and, as evidenced by their later records, Pearl Jam, though  perhaps widely stylistically divorced from such folk, aren't afraid to  stand proudly in their pantheon. <br />While Ten and Vs. are fine records in  their own right, on listening to them I often wished that Pearl Jam would,  as South Park's Saddam Hussein would no doubt exhort them to do, sit down  and take a load off.  No Code, in this reviewer's opinion, while no doubt  anathema to many of Pearl Jam's diehard teenage fans, marks the band's  first steps in such a direction.
0843174242|4.0|I grew up reading the Little Miss and Mr. Men series, and I have only rediscovered them. They are great little morality tales, with simple characters and a simple lesson.<br />Little Miss Late features the great  cartoon art of Mr. Hargreaves, and teaches young children the ramifications  of lateness.<br />Great children's reading. I am amassing a collection for my  future children.
B00003CWL5|5.0|Right from these beginnig lines:&quot;My name is Lester Burhnam,this is my neighborhood,this is my street,this is my life, in less than a year I'll be dead ofcourse I don't know that yet and in a way I'm dead already.&quot; I  was hooked to American Beauty. Never before have I seen a film that took  real life and exposed it. This movie took every type of person and depicted  them honestly without sparing any detail. It was funny,realisitc,and  heartbreaking. I loved this movie, and will always remeber the lasting  impression it left on me. Also, I'd like to add that I have never seen a  movie with so many great lines. example:&quot;There's a lot about me that  you don't know mr.Smartyman.&quot; delivered by Annette Benning. She was  excellent but I have to say if I had to choose the one person who made this  film what it is it would have to be Kevin Spacey. He was fantastic,the way  he acted, delivered his lines evrything. So in conlusion I recomend this  piece of cinematic genius to anyone who feels the need to break out of  their dull prisoner-of-work life and make a grasp for midlife reinvention.
6304578458|5.0|Those of us who review films on sites like this often feel (or at least I imagine we do) that we should be awarding five stars to movies we think are all-time classics, like Bresson's &quot;Pickpocket&quot; or Godard's  &quot;Le Mepris&quot;.  And yet, when we look into our hearts and ask  ourselves what films we'd actually like to pull out and watch of an  evening, we (or at least I) tend to find that the films we really love are  of quite a different kidney.  Like this one.<br />I went to see this in the  cinema with my quondam girlfriend when we were both in a bad mood and  suffering from various non-relationship-related troubles.  We walked out a  couple of hours later feeling cleansed, relaxed, happy and just that bit  much more in love with each other.  You wouldn't think that a romantic  comedy about a professional killer could have that effect on people, but it  can.  I (we) am (are) living proof.<br />This film masquerades as a cool, flip  comedy about Martin Blank (Cusack), dead-eyed hitman, and his return to his  home town for his high school reunion, during which he meets the former  love of his life, Debi Newberry (Driver).  It's actually a  military-industrial grade stress-test of the human capacity for love and  renewal.  The comedy arises from that late-twenties feeling that you wish  you could return to your past with a genuine sense that you've done  something amazing in the meantime.  Martin actually has, in that he's  killed loads of people.  Throughout the film, Cusack is constantly  informing people that he's a professional killer, and they refuse to  believe him.  He struggles towards some sort of budget-priced redemption  whilst being trailed by a psychopathic Basque terrorist (named La Poubelle,  which means &quot;dustbin&quot; for non-French-speakers), two bumbling  government spooks and an even more amoral rival hitman (Dan Aykroyd in  sleaziest form).  It's more than just a comedy, and I'm aware that I'm  coming across as a Kevin Smith character here - it's a work of blooming  art.  <br />Confession: an American friend of mine worked in John Cusack's  theatre company New Crime so I am perhaps biased in favour of this  effortlessly hippest and sharpest of actors.  But when you look at the 80s  teen comedies that he helped to carry, they stand up quite a bit better  than many of the other ones out at the time; and he continues to be  involved in class stuff.  More power to him.  <br />Riddled with  oh-so-nostalgic 80s hits (nostalgic at least for those of us who grew up  during that uniquely repellent decade), there isn't a single minor  character who isn't beautifully sketched.  The cast is fantastic (Minnie  Driver is as luscious as ever and is thoroughly convincing for such a nice  English girl, Joan Cusack is wonderfully droll as her real-life brother's  worried secretary, Jeremy Piven is a splendid sidekick and Alan Arkin does  a lovely turn as Martin's terrified shrink) and the dialogue is as crisp as  fresh lettuce.  The only slight problem is a broad range of sound level;  it's hard to catch every line unless you turn the volume up really loud.   But otherwise, a fab movie, and George Armitage's best work since the  notably funky &quot;Miami Blues&quot;, which is one of the few films  (besides &quot;Glengarry Glen Ross&quot;) to unleash the malevolent genius  of Alec Baldwin.  Watch it with a partner, a bottle of good Scotch (if you  happen to indulge) and a prestige snack of your choosing.
B000009ED0|5.0|Rober James Ritchie JR. otherwise known as Kid Rock is a very talented individual. Devil With Out a cause sparked some controversial issues but it was a very good LP none-the-less. All the talk about being a pimp, and  smoking weed, eating shrooms, drinking Boone's Wine... it's all a gimmick.  Kid Rock is a 30 year old middle class man. From Romeo Michigan, now lives  in Detroit... a very very talented man. 7 times platnum is so much more  than many artists. I have to say Kudo's, because it may have taken six LP's  but he has finally made it to the top... LONG LIVE THE PIMP OF THE NATION!
B000002KM6|5.0|This is the greatest rock and roll album of all time by the greatest rock and roll band of all time. As a guitar player with Eddie's speed but certainly not his genius, believe me when I say you can learn how to do it  all from listening to this CD. Only their first album even comes close to  this one. The recording quality is unbelievable. Compare it to &quot;VH  II&quot; or &quot;Women and Children First&quot;. These CDs have songs on  them where there isn't a real good balance between the various instruments,  and poor tonal quality coming from them (Women in Love, off of &quot;VH  II&quot; and &quot;In a Simple Rhyme&quot; off of W + C 1st, are good  examples of this). There are gaps in these songs where it seems like there  needs to be another instrument to fill in the sound. On &quot;Fair  Warning&quot;, I'm thinking Eddie realized that it was important for him to  make sure Mike's bass and Alex's drums had a good quality sound on each  track to help his guitar playing to sound even better.       &quot;Unchained&quot; is the best 3 1/2 minutes of rock ever pressed to  vinyl. It's &quot;Brown Sugar&quot; the way Jagger/Richards would have  played it if they had the talent. &quot;So This is Love&quot; is a cool  little blues tune, &quot;Push Comes to Shove&quot; a nice jazzy number with  a latin solo, and &quot;Mean Street&quot; has that awesome intro (a tough  one to finger out, if you know what I mean). The highlight for me though is  &quot;Hear About it Later&quot;. I get the chills listening to it. It's  Eric Clapton, Jeff Beck, and Jimi Hendrix all rolled into one * 100.       The last two tracks are the strangest on the album, but, for a band that  didn't take themselves too seriously at the time, they probably just  figured, well, here's these 7 killer tunes, and we'll throw in these last  two, and if you don't like 'em, then to hell with ya.
B00004TH83|5.0|I purchased Lara's CD in Canada back in Nov. 99. I am already anxiously awaiting another English CD. She is truly blessed by God to sing. She has a beautiful voice and is one of the great superstars of the new millennium.  This CD is one not to be missed.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|this alberm blows me away will be a classic in time.  i cannot stop leistening to it over and over.. i love all the tracks... up the irons
0395754100|5.0|My Dad used to read Curious George stories to me as a child, and it became my favorite book.  I had forgotten about it until recently, and now that my husband and I are expecting our first child, I wanted to start a childrens' book collection of my old favorites.  The baby is not here yet, but I am  enjoying the book myself!
0440219078|5.0|This book really makes you think.  It's about a kid named Jonas who lives in the perfect world-no wars, no poverty, no hunger, etc.  But while you may think it's what our world should be like, you're wrong.  Jonas is chosen to be the next giver.  He is given all types of memories of war,  beauty, and colors.  He realizes you need freedom of choice to live, and  his world is not as good as it seems.
0312954468|5.0|This story gives great detail of the Egyptian history and culture, even though the story itself is fictional.  The best part of the story is being the mind of the slave Taita.  If you admire the Egyptian culure, then this  book is a must.
B00004T0US|4.0|In 1976, Elvis Presley recorded what would become the last batch of songs in a studio setting...sort of...<br />After 1975's &quot;Today&quot; sessions, Elvis never again recorded in a bona fide recording studio. RCA, desperate  to get SOMETHING new from The King (that was not in a live concert format),  it was decided to bring the studio to Elvis. In February of 1976 (and later  in October as well), Elvis cut tracks within his own home,  Graceland.<br />This CD features the two final albums by the King featuring  new material. They have been combined together in this package, making it a  nice little investment. Tracks 1-9 are from the original &quot;Moody  Blue&quot; album, and tracks 10-19 were from the album &quot;From Elvis  Presley Boulevard, Memphis, Tennessee&quot;.<br />1-UNCHAINED MELODY    Recorded live in April of '77, this shows that Elvis's range has not  deteriorated like his health and appearance had. Very effective, a similar  performance was filmed in June of that year for the CBS special that aired  shortly after his death. Although it didn't make the final cut of the  special, it was later released on both the video &quot;Elvis: The Great  Performances-Center Stage&quot; and the accompanying CD &quot;Elvis: The  Great Performances&quot;<br />2-IF YOU LOVE ME, LET ME KNOW   Elvis had been  performing this song since his August '74 Vegas engagement, but no version  of it was legitimately released until this one, recorded on stage in April  '77. While not one of the King's more memorable performances, it's quite  bouncy and fun. A similar version was recorded in June of '77 and is  featured on the album &quot;Elvis In Concert&quot;.<br />3-LITTLE DARLIN'    This toungue-in-cheek performance, also from Elvis' April '77 concert tour,  shows that despite being only months away from death, he still didn't lose  his sense of humor. <br />4-HE'LL HAVE TO GO   Elvis sings this Jim Reeves hit  with a lot of nice low notes, comparable to &quot;In the Ghetto&quot;.  Recorded in Graceland in October '76, this would ultimately be the last  studio recorded The King ever made.<br />5-WAY DOWN   Also recorded in the  October '76 Graceland sessions, this cool rocker showed that Elvis didn't  do all slow ballads in the end. A late classic.<br />6-PLEDGING MY LOVE    Recorded immediately after &quot;Way Down&quot;, Elvis appears to be  enjoying himself on this Johnny Ace hit. Nicely sung, a similar (and  longer) version appears on &quot;Platinum: A Life In Music&quot;<br />7-MOODY  BLUE   Recorded in February '76 in Graceland, this is the closest Elvis  ever got to doing a disco record. A happy tune, it did well on the country  charts, peaking at #1.<br />8-SHE THINKS I STILL CARE   Another country  classic given a treatment by Elvis. Recorded in February '76 in Graceland,  Elvis gives it a nice, if not outstanding, treatment. A slightly different  version appears on &quot;Walk a Mile In My Shoes: The Essential '70s  Masters&quot;<br />9-IT'S EASY FOR YOU   Recorded during the October '76  Graceland sessions, this melodramatic ballad would end up being the last  song on the last album released during Elvis' lifetime (&quot;Moody  Blue&quot;, July '77). A haunting way to end a 20+ recording career.<br />The  remaining tracks were all recorded during the Graceland sessions in  February '76:<br />10-HURT    A late Elvis classic, Elvis puts full gusto into  this Timi Yuro hit. The power of his voice and range make this a  must-listen.<br />11-NEVER AGAIN    Another melodramatic ballad, Elvis puts a  lot of soul in this rather ordinary tune.<br />12-BLUE EYES CRYING IN THE RAIN     Nice lead guitar work on this one. Elvis sounds a little tired,  though.<br />13-DANNY BOY    Another old song given a try by the King. Not  outstanding, but again kind of cryptic, considering The King would be dead  a year and a half later.<br />14-THE LAST FAREWELL    One of the lesser  moments of the Graceland sessions, this ordinary tune isn't anything  spectacular.<br />15-FOR THE HEART    The most upbeat tune on the &quot;From  Elvis Presley Boulevard&quot; album, this has a fine vocal by Elvis and  cool background singing as well. A nice outtake appears on &quot;Platinum:  A Life In Music&quot;<br />16-BITTER THEY ARE, HARDER THEY FALL    Another  melodramatic ballad, Elvis seems to pour a lot into this one. Not a song to  play when in a manic depressive state.<br />17-SOLITAIRE    This Neil Sedaka  tune, recently a hit for the Carpenters, is done rather lethargically by  Elvis. Nothing great by any means.<br />18-LOVE COMING DOWN    Yet another  depressing tune. One really wonders exactly HOW lonely Elvis felt at the  time.<br />19-I'LL NEVER FALL IN LOVE AGAIN    Although the album was entitled  &quot;From Elvis Presley Boulevard...&quot;, a better title would have been  &quot;Elvis Sings Really Miserable Songs&quot;. This Tom Jones hit actually  fails in the hands of Elvis Presley. Elvis fails to hit the high notes that  he had done so graciously in the past on tunes such as &quot;An American  Trilogy&quot; and &quot;What Now, My Love&quot;.<br />This album is essential  for the Elvis collector, considering that these are the final recordings  done during his lifetime, save for the June '77 concert performances  released on the posthumous release &quot;Elvis In Concert&quot;<br />The  artwork is heavily borrowed from the original &quot;Moody Blue&quot; album,  but now with a bigger, more recent photo. The original featured a rather  tiny photo from the November  '72 (!) tour, while this one features a  summer '75 picture.<br />Nicely packaged, with good sound, it is a worthwhile  investment. The highlights far outweigh the misses.
B00003W8NM|5.0|The best movie of 1999, possibly of the 90's.  Fight Club is a vastly  underrated film of significant importance.  This movie requires at least 2  viewings before you can truly understand everything that is going on.   Fincher's direction is simply spellbinding, as is Pitt as Tyler Durden.   This film truly Rages against the machine, anti-establishment, anti-life,  basically anti-anything you can think of.  Not many movies can actually  make you think about life on a larger scale, this movie accomplishes it.   Fight Club is violent, profane, offensive, and brilliant.  This movie must  own you, it will change your life.
079284632X|4.0|Being Wes Cravin's first picture it strays from the Nightmare series and  his other films. The parents of a rape victim track down her attackers and  torture them. This film has loads of gratuitous violence and gore.
B000003AEB|5.0|Classic cd.  Four years since its release and snoop hasn't even come close to topping this album.  All tracks are strong, especially Ain't no Fun, Serial Killer, Gz and Hustlaz, and Doggy Dogg World.  Ever since Snoop  signed on with No Limit he has put out straight up garbage, don't even mess  with the imitators.  Check this joint out!
0395754100|5.0|Parents, you cannot go wrong with this book.  The stories are wonderful and the illustrations are bright and cheerful.  A Curious George book was the first book that I ever checked out of my elementary school library and  that started off my love for reading.
0870119435|5.0|Forget all of Murakami's other books: this is the book to read and remember. Why the publisher waited so long to publish it in the USA is really a crime and should be the subject of a major literary investigative  piece, but with-holding it from English readers for so long was really a  dis-service to the author and his readers. Money should not enter into  things like this. NORWEGIAN WOOD will hit the USA like no other Murakami  book; it will be the subject of countless reviews and interviews and there  WILL be a Hollywood movie. I read it in 1991. Absolutely the most beautiful  Japanese novel ever ever ever! Bravo Murakami! Boo his timid publishers for  with-holding the book so long. Good marketing, terrible literary manners!
B00004R99J|4.0|Disney's animators did such a great job on this film.  The designs, colors, effects are all superb ... so why is this film so tiresome?  Revisionist history, pervasive cutsey side kicks (Jar-Jar syndrome),  politically 'correct' mystification, and intrusively obnoxious camp  broadway singing reminisant of bad old musical movies make this film a  shameful pandering to media percieved audience clamorings.  As the  relatively (for Disney) sad box-office earnings displayed, no one wanted to  see a white bread perversion of history.  I should have rated Pocohontas at  less stars, except the masterful art staff elevated pc filth into a higher  form. Kudos to the animation staff, shame on Disney.
B00001NFCY|4.0|&quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot; is such a beautiful song. Scott wrote this around the time his wife gave birth... What a beautiful, thoughtful way to show a child you care... Oh... and the rest of the CD is amazing, too. If  you liked Creed's &quot;My Own Prison&quot; or have been so lucky to see  them live, you know how talented these guys are. This is a MUST have for  your CD collection!
B000000OQF|5.0|The only thing missing from this album is &quot;Knockin on heaven's door!&quot;. There is no doubt of the genuis. You almost sway with the music. Others try, he delivers!  come on people, Buy!
B00004RFFM|4.0|Well, I guess it's inevitable that &quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; is compared with Jaws, but really, they are two very different movies to be dealt with.  &quot;Jaws&quot; ' s principal objective is pure terror, at which it  magnificently suceeds at.  &quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; is more of a  popcorn-flick, the kind of movie that just entertains us for a friday  night.  Okay, so this movie isn't profound; it's not deep, and it's hardly   subtle, but it is a good whallop.  Some scenes are genuinely scary, others  genuinely silly, but that just makes the film all the more enjoyable.  The  lead actors lead the film with such a quiet delight, they seem to relish  playing roles in such a fun movie.  So it bogs down a little from its lack  of originality, but what's most surprising about the film is that it never  bogs down in  the sea of predicticality.  Certain things happen out of the  blue (and often, those are the scary moments) and there are times when we  can't catch onto their coattails because the plot twists ahead of us.   &quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; is a hilarious, scary, and tremendously fun  movie.
B00003CX5P|5.0|Regardless of what some might say, this movie is one of thebest Star Wars ever, and is definetly worthly of being part of thesaga. The computer animation was absolutly mind boggling. As I watched the movie I kept thinking, how did they do all of this. The Podrace scene inparticular, is just awesome. I could watch that a hundred times and still not get bored of it. The combination of live actors and computer generated characters was seemless, and to think, the next one will look even better.  END
0316777722|5.0|Simply the funiest man alive!
0380973634|5.0|This is one of those books that I couldn't put down, but at the same time, I didn't want it to end.  The story is great, but the characters are what really make this novel worthwhile.  My favorites have to be Mr. Croup and  Mr. Vandemar, the hired assassins who are absolutely, disgustingly,  hysterically funny.  They get the great lines like:  &quot;Things to do.  People to damage.&quot;  Door is the intriguing heroine of the novel who  reminds me a little bit of Morpheus's sister, Death, from the _Sandman_  series.  Characters like Hunter and the Marquis de Carabas add comic relief  and adventure to Richard's experience in London Below.  And  Richardrichardmayhewdick?  Well, as the hero of the novel, he leaves much  to be desired -- at first, anyway -- but he grows on you.<br />One of my  favorite scenes has to be the scene where Door and the Marquis are  auditioning assassins.  I laughed so hard that everyone in the office  demanded to know what was so funny.  I ended up doing a dramatic reading  for the benefit of my colleagues.  This is one of the dangers of reading  Gaiman in a public place.<br />The novel does have it's dark spots.  Croup and  Vandemar, for all their comic scenes, are assassins, and they do their job  well.  The Great Beast of London is no laughing matter, either, and to top  it all off, there is a traitor among Richard and Door's companions.<br />When  I finished reading the novel, I found myself wishing I could visit a place  like London Below.  I've since read the novel three times, and each time I  come away from it more and more impressed by Gaiman's gifted storytelling.
B000002G7G|4.0|Mir gefllt die CD &quot;The Velvet Underground&quot; sehr, obwohl ich zu dem sonstigen Material wenig Zugang finden kann. Die Songs sind ruhig und sensitiv. Neu an den Kompositionen der New Yorker Art-Band ist das  melodise Keyboard im Hintergrund, das den Liedern zustzliche Farbe  verleiht. Anspieltips &quot;Candy Says&quot;, &quot;Pale Blue Eyes&quot;,  &quot;What Goes On&quot; (mit seinem langen Orgel-Outro), &quot;I`m set  free&quot; &quot;Jesus&quot;. Der melancholischen, intimen und  bedeutungs-schwangeren Atmosphre entgleiten nur 2 Songs: &quot;Beginning  to see the Light&quot; (etwas lauter), und das unfabare &quot;The Murders  Mystery&quot;(radikal experimentell mit einem sinistren sich stndig  wiederholenden Klavier-Fade, hier schien noch der Einflu von John Cale  sprbar, der hnlich monotone Experimente mit dem Klavier am Konservatorium  durchlief). Die Grundstimmung von &quot;The Velvet Underground&quot; ist  jedoch relaxed und melodis. Manchmal glaubt man, da Lou Reed zu dieser  Zeit erstmals fhig war, dem Leben ein paar positive Seiten abzugewinnen  und darber sogar Songs zu schreiben. <br />Jedenfalls drngte ihn es zu jener  Zeit einmal nicht dazu, schon wieder ber die Schattenseiten seines  persnlichen Mikrokosmos von New York zu dichten (wie auf &quot;The  Gift&quot; ,&quot;Sister Ray&quot;) und diese Botschaften im  &quot;Avantgarde-Kunst&quot;-Mantel zu verhkern. <br />Die leisen  unaufdringlichen Songs von &quot;The Velvet Underground&quot; kann man  dagegen bei Kerzenlicht seiner Freundin vorspielen, die zu den sonstigen  Sachen der Gruppe oder Lou Reed keinen Bezug findet. Thomas Richter,  Frankfurt/M
B00003CWN2|5.0|I saw this movie for the first time a week ago when it came out on video.   I have been struck ever since, I rented it again tonight and it even rocked  me more.  Hillary Swank, all I can say is amazing, she was incredible.<br />I  was so saddend by how it all ended for Brandon, mostly because he finally  found what HE wanted love.  I feel that the movie portrayed the  relationship between Brandon and Lana as sensual and beautiful, it put  things in a new light for me.<br />It is so sad that in today's society that  hate crimes are so common, it is hard to believe that we live a in a world  that breed people who tie men to truck bumpers and drag the life out of  them because of the color of skin, or the people that tie a young man to a  fence post and brutally kill him for who he chooses to love, and where  children can go into classrooms and kill other children in cold blood and  espcially when a person can be brutally raped over and over again and then  killed for who they truly are.<br />I recommend that everyone see this movie  and I gaurantee it will move you like nothing ever before.
B00000637V|3.0|Die Songs handeln von der Selbstzerfleischung eines Ehepaares, dem am Schlu die Kinder weggenommen werden und die drogenschtige Frau Selbstmord begeht.<br />Seltsam ist die Rollenverteilung: Bekannterweise soll Lou Reed zu  dieser Zeit selbst schwer drogen- und alkohol-abhngig gewesen sein,  dennoch bekommt in der Story diese Position die Ehe-Frau zugewiesen. Der  Ehemann erscheint eher als Opfer, das die Verhaltensweisen seiner Frau  nicht mehr ertragen kann. Wie war die Rollenverteilung in der tatschlichen  Ehe zu dieser Zeit eines Lou Reed, wer war Tter, wer Opfer?<br />Musikalisch  ist das leise Monumentalwerk - im Hintergrund einer Stadt, die Lou Reed  selbst noch nie besucht hatte - vielleicht die gelungenste Leistung an  Melodien seiner seltsamen Karriere. War der Produzent doch kein geringerer  als Bob Ezrin, der bei den schwierigen Aufnahmesessions des trunkschtigen  Reed das beste herausholte. War doch Lou Reed auch mit guten Geldern seines  vorherigen Erfolgsalbums &quot;Transformer&quot; ausgestattet; hier hatte  er seine persnliche psychologische Spielwiese und excellente bekannte  Musiker wie Jack Bruce und Steve Winwood zu Diensten.  Mit  &quot;Berlin&quot; beendete er abrupt seinen kommerziellen Erfolg. Die  Thematik schien weltweit wenig Interessenten zu finden, obwohl 1973 die  Presse viel von seiner jungen Solokarriere berichtete.<br />Hat auch die  depremierende Ausweglosigkeit des Albums wenig mit der rockig-verspielten  Dekadenz des erfolgreichen Vorgngeralbums zu tun.<br />Die Songs spielen in  einem abgeschlossenen Milieu von Sucht, Nihilismus, Frauenhass und  Rachsucht. Vielleicht kann man die unsensible Wahrnehmungsweise (ber immer  gleiche Themen, die er in seinem Werk bereits das x-te Mal in hnlicher  Form abhandelt hat) eines Lou Reed verstehen, wenn man liest, da er selbst  1973 seit langer Zeit mit Drogen und Alk zu tun hatte. In diesem  illusionslosen und knallharten Milieu zhlen wohl nur Dollars, nur der  Strkere berlebt. Es knnen wohl kaum positive Emotionen aufkommen. Und an  den Wert zwischenmenschlicher Beziehungen oder gar Liebe war Lou Reed eh  nicht in der Lage zu glauben. <br />Gibt es berhaupt ein Liebeslied  aus 30  Jahren Lour Reed Werke, ohne wenn und aber und ohne Ironie?<br />Fazit:  Musikalisch hervorragend, textlich langweilig bis widerlich. Wenn ich an  meine Jahre an  Berlin persnlich zurckdenke und etwas Dekadenz empfinden  mchte, greife ich lieber auf die Filme von Fritz Lang, Marlene Dietrich  oder Louise Brooks zurck. Diese Gestalten haben - im Gegensatz zu Reeds  &quot;Berlin&quot; - auch ein wenig Charme. Sorry fr die etwas harte  Behandlung eines Lou Reeds von 1973, aber der Knstler selbst geht oft auch  nicht besonders zimperlich in der Beurteilung Anderer zu Werke.<br />Thomas R
B000002672|5.0|Incredible! I can't believe some of the reviews of this album. How can you complain about the vocals?  Do these people even listen to Metal?  Anyway, the highlights of this excellent effort are Heaven is Hell and Stand Tight.  Monsterman is great too even though the lyrics are a little goofy. The only  let downs on the album are Aiming High and Man Enough to Cry which are  still great but do not have the overall excellence of the other songs.  Overall an 80's Metal classic. Everyone who claims themsleves a Metal fan  HAS TO HAVE this album in their collection!
0451169514|5.0|this was and is still the only stephen king novel I have ever read.  i have read it at least twice and plan on reading it again when time permits... it is a long book (over 1000 pages).<br />it is the 1950s...the  book tells the story of a group of teens in derry, maine and their  horrifying experiences with an evil entity that lives off their city.  when  it seems the evil is put to rest, the teens part ways, grow up, and pursue  adulthood.  they have, however, vow to come back to finish the evil off if  IT is not really dead.<br />enter the mid 1980s...  murders have started again  in derry.  IT has returned. the only teen who stayed behind in derry is now  a libarian.  he calls his friends back to finish the evil that is IT once  and for all.<br />this book is absolutely amazing.  it makes for a very  enjoyable read.  the characters are so real, derry seems like it could  actually exist, and the horror comes on early and plenty. <br />once I was  finished reading this book, it felt as if I had lived my life with these  people, experienced the terrors that they went through.  I was satisfied  emotionally and intellectually.  <br />King's IT is a must read, if you like  horror or not.
B00004LN16|1.0|Don't buy this, trust me. It's is an album of filler. The only worthy BRIAN-ERA records are Back In Black, For Those About To Rock, Razors Edge, and PERHAPS Flick Of The Switch. \\"STIFF UPPER LIP\\"  is probably one of  Brian's homo fantasys. Buy if you ARE an idiot.
B0000001PW|5.0|Every jazz lover should have this recording. It's one of the finest pieces of fusion music. The band is the best you can imagine and arrangements are outstanding. My favourites are The Rumble, Got a Match, King Cockroach and  Elektric City. Expand your musicality and buy this recording!
B000001GQY|5.0|Indiscutiblemente las interpretaciones de los Conciertos de Brahms por Gilels/Jochum, son de la mejores versiones disponibles en el mercado. Usted podr&aacute; gozar de un Brahms con sonido aterciopelado, profundo, lleno de  sentimiento... El sonido de DGG es EXCELENTE.<br />Este album es un Mercedes  Benz!
B00000IFWE|5.0|Some complain that 'Echo' is a much duller affair than earlier efforts, the production is \\"bland,\\" they say. However, that is what makes 'Echo' not only a great rock 'n roll record, but an opportunity to breathe  in the midst of the constant onslaught of pop chart formula records full of  cluttered, synthesized production and pretty girls and boys offering their  oh so salacious voices for exorbitant sums of money from teenage wallets.  'Echo' is a dagger in the hearts of the \\"rock is dead\\" mantra.  Yes, this album is raw, and thank God! There is plenty of pop production to  be found these days, and if Petty threw his hat into that ring, oh, what a  sad statement it would have been! Instead, we get a collection of  aggressive yet tantalizingly delicate rock n' roll that is bound to shock  listeners with its almost nostalgic remembrance of a time and place where  rock was born: thirty years ago in Woodstock, Abbey Roads Studio, in Jimmy  Page's guitar, in Jimi Hendrix's electric ode to our national anthem, in  Bob Dylan's guttural, rhapsodic croon. Those are the places from which  'Echo' gathered its foundation, and the proof is most definitely in the  pudding. Any youngster who is curious about the origins of modern day rock  is advised to purchase this album, and any disenfranchised baby boomers  wondering where the music went are obligated to do so.
0802136834|5.0|This is the first historical book I have read since college and I loved it.  Schools should make their students read this book.  The author makes these women real and human; they have faults, skills and amazing but  sometimes short lives. I now own the next two books in the series and they  are just as wonderful.  Thank you Alison Weir.
0930289234|5.0|I am a serious comic book fan, and have been so for a couple of decades now! And I say with absolute conviction that this book is one of the two best stories EVER written in comics!(The other being Frank Miller's  &quot;The Dark Knight Returns&quot;) Alan Moore's brilliant writing in this  book blew me away when I first read this story, and blew me away for  different reasons when I recently read it again! That's the amazing thing  about this story, it has many levels, it's like poking around a mansion  late at night; The more you explore, the more you find! Dave Gibbons  artwork is the perfect style for this story too. And speaking of the  artwork, check out the backgrounds throughout this story for cool little  &quot;back stories&quot; and interesting details (Like a sign in the  background that says &quot;Promethean Cast Co.&quot; which is interesting  since this book came out in 1986, and 13 years later Alan Moore has a  current monthly title called &quot;Promethea&quot;) I guaran-darn-tee you  that when you read this book, and you get to the end of Chapter XI, YOU  WILL BE BLOWN AWAY!  But don't take MY word for it, read it and decide for  yourself! That's My Opinion But You're Welcome To It.
B000002WCJ|5.0|I first heard this when i was about 11 years old and a friend gave me a copy on cassette,  over about two years i ended up wearing out about  5 copies of it .I still find myself humming 'eagle' and 'dr.stein'.This is a  classic metal album from a great band. It's a shame that they went on to  record such 'unclassics' as pink bubbles but then everybody makes mistakes  don't they.<br />All in all a great album
B00004T9UF|2.0|Eminem has finally shown the American public that he is nothing more than a one trick pony.  The follow-up to his very interesting (and at times amazing) debut album is nothing more than crass &quot;hip pop&quot; which  appeals to the lowest common denomenator.  The production is lame, the  rhymes are repetitive and uncreative, and the scenario is always the same:   Hmmm, what can I do to disgust my listeners now?  Don't get me wrong,  Eminem does possess a great amount of mic ability (for anyone who  disagrees, just listen to &quot;Any Man&quot; off the Soundbombing, Vol. 2  comp).  If he would just quit trying to shock the music community and quit  making songs designed to get his videos on TRL, he would be a great musical  talent.
0783226063|3.0|It will be interesting to see how the forthcoming 6-hour mini-series will compare to this ambitious undertaking. David Lynch and an excellent cast and crew tried their best to create a worthy version of the hard-to-film  novel. Most of the actors are well-cast and the special effects run from  quite good to lukewarm, even taking into account the relative age of this  film. The Sandworms are well done and the costumes and sets are terrific.  But the vehicle designs seem just plain wrong in the mind's eye of this  Dune fan. And some of the optical shots of the Guild Highliner starships  and the folding of space don't hold up well to Y2K viewers. The video  transfer of David Lynch and cinematographer Freddie Francis' visions are  faithful but any problems are inherent in the way the movie is  photographed. Even with the fierce squinting of the actors in the day  scenes, much of the film looks as though it is shot on an overcast day! If  you want to know how to shoot a desert, just look at Lean's 'Lawrence Of  Arabia' or even George Lucas' original 'Star Wars'. The only false note in  the characterisations is the Baron Harkonnen. In the book, the Baron is a  very intelligent and Machiavellian deviant. The Baron of this film is more  deviant than cunning, making him more of a Lynch creation than a Herbert  one. But most of the other characters are spot-on. At a running time of 140  minutes David Lynch was hard pressed to do the full story of the first Dune  novel justice. But the proposed six hours of the mini-series may be  excessive. Perhaps the happy dramatic medium is somewhere between. With  some of it's excised scenes replaced and some of the opticals redone, David  Lynch's Dune could be a 4 star motion picture. But this DVD is worth  getting nonetheless.
0452282195|2.0|This book is often advertised/promoted/raved as the story of a little black girl named Pecola who wants blue eyes and her struggle with identity. But it's not about her at all really. It's about people around her, mostly  her parents. Pecola is barely even in the book. A little in the beginning,  very little in the middle and a little at the end. Her wish for &quot;The  Bluest Eye&quot; isn't even an issue with this book really. Pecola's not  really an issue with this book. No more than her parents Cholly and Pauline  Breedlove.  I feel that it should have been MORE about Pecola as  advertised. One problem is that this book is too short. Only 215 or so  pages and it mostly focus on Pecola' s family and friends and we're left  wondering just WHO Pecola is. WHY she wants blue eyes, WHAT events that  happened to HER that makes her feel this way (aside the fact that white and  half white girls seemed to get treated better, like the half white Maureen  Peal).<br />This book doesn't go into the depths of Pecola's mind &amp; heart  and she becomes just another character in this book and not even one of the  main ones! I think the author, Toni Morrison, should have written ANOTHER  215 pages or atleast 115 pages mostly on Pecola Breedlove, so we could have  gotten to know her better!<br />It's a decent book as far as a story goes  about blacks struggling in 1940s Ohio. But if you've heard Oprah Winfrey's  rave reviews and other rave reviews talking about the story of Pecola and  her struggles, you will be disappointed because that's not what this book  is about.
079284632X|4.0|The Last House on the Left was not quite what I would classify as a horror  movie, but it is quite interesting, nonetheless.  There are a few  graphically violent scenes, but they were comically balanced out by a pair  of inept policemen tracking the attackers.<br />The dialogue is fairly  realistic, and Sandra Cassel and Lucy Grantham play a pair of engaging best  friends on their way to a concert by their favorite band, Bloodlust.  When  they try to buy some marijuana from a guy on the street, they end up in a  nightmare that ultimately leads back to the house of one of the  girls.<br />The scariest part of the movie is the simple fact that what goes  on in this movie (the girls being attacked moreso than the revenge) could  so easily happen in real life.  This movie is not for anyone bothered by  torture or brutality.
B000035Z3K|4.0|My rating is for the DVD package as a whole.  You simply can't get a better value for your money than this DVD.  Three versions of the classic that really started the horror craze back in the early 30s. <br />   Sentimentally, I'll always love the Lugosi version better.  To me, Lugosi  is the ultimate Count Dracula.  No other actor comes close in my book.  Along with Dwight Frye's classic, definitive performance as Renfield, these  two performers manage to carry the picture over its many rough spots.<br />  I  agree with the majority that the Spanish version is better overall. Lupita  Tovar, as Mina (Helen Chandler's English counterpart) is the highlight in  the acting department.  Also, many  little directorial &quot;extras&quot;  show how the Spanish crew worked hard to improve upon the scenes shot by  the English crew during the day.  My favorite is the addition of smoke  rising from Dracula's coffin as he rises for the evening.  A small, but  eerily effective addition.  One of many.         And the third  &quot;version&quot; with the Philip Glass score:  The less said the better.   I don't care for its addition to this classic. By itself, it's somewhat  interesting music (albeit monotonous), but its intrusion over the entire  film, including the dialogue(!) mind you, is just too much.  An experiment  that failed, in my book.<br />The &quot;extras&quot; on this DVD package,  however, are outstanding.  The poster and photo montage, cast and filmmaker  bios and production notes should be of interest to all fans of film in  general.  But this package benefits immeasurably from the inclusion of two  additional features:  feature commentary and an outstanding documentary on  the making of the film (well, both films), both guided by the hand of David  J. Skal, THE authority on (the cinematic) Dracula. If there's ANYTHING you  wanted to know about the history or making of this classic film, you'll  find it here.   Three films, really, on one DVD and numerous, invaluableextras.  This DVD package can't be beat.
6302424739|4.0|If you enjoy reading other peoples letters and diaries this is probably the movie for you. The developing friendship between a sassy american gal, Helene Hanff who collects rare books and the manager of a London Bookshop,  Frank Doel via some 20 years of correspondence. This much loved story has  now been set on film played convincingly by Anne Bancroft and Anthony  Hopkins. The story is told with much humour and careful adherence to the  morality of the times. Judi Dench makes for a fine supporting part as  Franks loving wife.The director does a fine job in capturing the laid back  ambience of the 50's and 60's and also the marked difference in living  standards between the brits and the americans. The US, a burgeoning  economic power and Great Britain still paying of an enormous war debt with  its continuing austerity measures.I recommend this film to all bibliophiles  as it instilled in me an inclination to reread all those classics that I  had spurned so much in my schooldays. 7/10.
B00002NDB1|4.0|I found Virtual XI to be a rewarding listen- certainly it is different than their stuff from thier 80's heyday(the trilogy of Powerslave/Somewhere In Time/Seventh Son were milestones in British metal, that is one thing in  which all agree). The album follows a little in the more gothic/epic  diection of the previous album, The X Factor, but a bit more solid, shorter  and less meandering. Virtual XI may be harder to get into than some of  their earlier stuff, but well worth exploring. This album really grow on  the ones who originally dismiss it. 'Futureal' is a strong opener, short  and to the point- a fine live rocker I'm sure. The best tracks for me are  the Clansman and When Two Worlds Collide- classic Maiden. Blaze Bailey has  a fine, expressive voice which fitted a 90's Iron Maiden well- don't let an  old Bruce Dickenson fan tell you any differently- Bruce is the better  singer for Maiden but Blaze held his own while Bruce was away and sang with  a lot of conviction and commitment. I'll actually miss the 90's Maiden. The  worse track is probably 'Angle &amp; The Gambler' which evokes UFO or the  Who but is way too repetitious. Most of the songs are a bit lengthy, so  those into Iron Maiden's more slower, atmospheric, heavy epic side should  be sure to get something out of Virtual XI. Bruce has been singing a  coulple of these songs on recent tours, so if this album is 'Maiden' enough  for him, to sing songs that he wasn't part of, then it should be Maiden  enough for you too. Check it out.
B00000099Y|5.0|I could write I lengthy review, but I don't feel it's necessary.  I have listened to tool just aboutfrom the start('93) and have seen them several times in concert.  All I can say is that I have had this CD for four years  now, and own over 600 cd's. I still have times that it is the ONLY disc I  listen to for 3 or 4 days straight.  There is simply not a weak point on  this album.  Although I am a fan of the first two cd's as well, this album  far surpasses anything before it.<br />Every time I listen to this album it  moves me emotionally, and I have been able to convince at least 6 people to  buy this cd as well.  Simply incredible, and something on which you really  must trust all the reviews you read here.  Do yourself a favor and BUY this  CD! <br />Oh yeah, A Perfect Circle, while maybe not reaching the creative  plateau of this album, certainly seems to be similar to Aenima in one  respect: it gets better with each and every listen.  I will buy anything  Maynard puts his efforts into; he has certainly earned the respect of this  fan.
B00000JJQK|5.0|Not enough praise can be given to this magnificant and beautifull album that plays to the soul and shows you things about yourself that may have never known before.<br />The album does not have one false note on the whole  thing. Each song plays like a carfully constructed piece of pure music. It  is to be compared with classical music. Spector may have invented the  &quot;wall of sound' effect but Brian Wilson uses it here to pure  perfection. From the wonderful music of &quot;Wouldn't it be Nice&quot; to  the beautiful vocals of &quot;God Only Knows&quot; to the heart-wrenching  simplicity of &quot;Caroline, No&quot; the album tugs on your heart-strings  and makes you think about live, living and just who you really are.<br />Not  enough can be said about this album. A must listen for ANYBODY who likes  music. Go get it.<br />Thanks.
0425107469|5.0|This is truly an amazing book.  It you make you cringe it will make you scared it will make you cry, but most importantly it will make you feel. This is the fourth book I read by Dean Koontz and I must say that it is his  best book that I have read by him.  Get out there and buy this book and you  won't be disappointed!
B000000WA4|5.0|One of the most beautiful and intellectualy stimulating albums I have ever heard. It combines great rock songs with heart-wrenching ballads and throws them all into one breathtaking album.<br />The album starts of with the  soothing instrumental title-song which sets a standard for the album that  never lets up. It swoops from the rockers such as &quot;JellyBelly&quot;  and &quot;Zero&quot; to the ballads of &quot;Thirty-three&quot; and  &quot;Stumbeline&quot; with ease. Each disc is as good as the other and  both show us pieces of ourselves, full of missed chances and  successes.<br />Some of the gems of the album are: &quot;Thirty-Three&quot;- a  beautiful song of love and hope, &quot;1979&quot;- a song of memory and  longing for old times, &quot;X.Y.U.&quot;- a song that I feel is about  wife-beating, &quot;Here is no Why&quot;- a song of repressed talent and  lost dreams. There is many more but you'll just have to listen for  yourself.<br />&quot;And in your sad machines, you'll forever stay, desperate  and dismade, with whoever you are, and your a star.&quot;- &quot;Here is No  Why&quot;<br />Thanks
0812567110|5.0|I'd heard a lot about Wilde when I started this book, but this was the first of his works that I'd ever read.  I was half-way expecting long, incomprehensible philosophical discussions, impossible to decipher  passages...my stereotype of 19th century literature.  But when I was  through the first chapter, I had a wake-up call.  &quot;Wow,&quot; I  thought, &quot;this is really GOOD!&quot; I became addicted, and sped  through the rest of the book.  It is engrossing, absorbing, entertaining,  and not the least bit boring.  Brilliant.
B000000WJZ|5.0|This is, in my opinion, the greatest Smashing Pumpkins album there is, followed by a very close &quot;Melon Collie and the Infinite Sadness&quot;.<br />From the first riffs of &quot;Cherub Rock&quot; to the  beautifull &quot;Disarm&quot; to the purely wonderful &quot;Mayonaise&quot;  the Pumpkins take us through a world of adolesence, rage and appretiation  of beauty. Every song on the album just gives and gives with all of their  joy, anger and beauty.<br />Technicly, it is a mastered album, wonderfully  produced and full of great music. It goes from pulsing rock on &quot;Cherub  Rock&quot;, right to a string quartet wonderfully playing on  &quot;Disarm&quot;. Every song is unique and the album as a whole is an  innovation.<br />Quite possibly the greatest album of the ninties, it plays  with such sorrow and such interprative lyrics it should stimulate, intrege  and soothe any soul. A must have for any Pumpkins fans or just anyone  looking for a break from the shallow, meaningless music of most of the  bands of the ninties.<br />Thanxs.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney has done it again with her new album &quot; Opps!...I did it again&quot;. i thought the album was great and the songs were awesome!Opps sounded a little like &quot;Baby one more time &quot; but over all I give  the song a 4!  Other great songs on the CD were &quot;Stronger&quot;,  &quot; Don't go knockin on my door&quot; ( this song was a new sound for  Britney and had some great r&amp;b flares), &quot;Lucky&quot; and &quot;  can't make you love me&quot; and many more!  I think that Britney is a  very talented singer and performer! I know that not everybody likes her and  that these people continue to insult her and her music so make your point  and then get on with your lives !( i am sure you have got better things to  do then sit here all day and write bad reviews)Well anyway back to the  album, I think that it has got a great new sound and i think that its great  that Britney has written her first song for the album &quot; Dear  Diary&quot;! This gives us a preview of her what her own music might sound  like in the future! Overall I think the CD is great and Britney sounds  great! (I also like the FACT that she dosn't screech and scream in her  songs like Christina Aguilera and Mariha Carey)So go out and get the CD if  you don't have it !  It is not a waste of money!:)
0783242808|5.0|A kind of modern day CANTERBURY TALES, this film takes us to moral places  by ribald means.  Replete with absolutely spot-on observations of the  sexuality of many American teens, the ultimate conclusions of the film are  pleasantly love- (and not sex-) centric.  What comes across in the end is a  work so hilarious that the responsible morals of the film aren't a bitter  pill.  Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.   <br />Nor can you  particularly trust the DVD by the case.  `Unrated' doesn't really mean the  inclusion of so much new, sexy material-but `Special Edition' it certainly  is.  There are a lot of excellent additional features here, the best of  which is a particularly enthusiastic running commentary.  Including not  just the director, the commentary becomes a sort of reunion for many  members of the cast and top crew.  The consequent discussion is anecdotal  and animated.  One gets the feeling that it should've lasted for many more  hours than the film itself.
B00000J7S8|4.0|Great CD, but you have to be in the mood to listen to mellow music to thoroughly enjoy it.  Worth the investment though.
0783225792|5.0|People complain Casino resembles Goodfellas too much. Well, how could it not? The same major players are in this film, but it's a movie all it's own.<br />Only Sharon Stone really lets things down. Rumor has it, that  Madonna was supposed to be the one staring as Ginger, and I think even she  would have done a better job.<br />But overall, that is a minor complaint.  DeNiro is classic at playing the brains of the operation, and Pesci plays  the psychotic braun perfectly, maybe a little too perfectly. The minor  players in the film put on great perfomances as well.<br />The only other  complaint I have is the running time. At 3 hours long, it is overly long by  about 45 minutes. But the lulls are more than made up for by the  highs.<br />I'm sure it's been said before, but viewers with weaks stomachs  will want to stear clear of this one, or at least divert their eyes from  the screen during about 5 scenes.<br />Casino is entertaining AND educational  at the same time. For people who want to see how Las Vegas was ran in the  70's, or fans of those involved, this is a must.
630420065X|3.0|I'll definitely be able to admit Mission:Impossible was disappointing, but  one good thing was it managed to keep me enthralled and informed the whole  way through. But, alas, something is missing - this film didn't have the  cleverness of The Matrix of the sexiness of The World Is Not Enough. The  screenplay could of been much better, too. But, not all the film is not bad  - the cinematography is good, the special effects are brilliant and the  train chases and sound are good, too.<br />If you are big on action movies  with thrills and chills, I totally recommend this. For anyone else, the  only advice I can give is - HOLD ON TO YOUR PILLOW, it's a wild ride!
0767830555|5.0|I've actually agreed with a lot of what Leonard Maltin has said in his reviews, but I'm not sure how he came to the conclusion he did on Taxi Driver. And just who exactly are &quot;we&quot;?<br />But on to my review. For  those who haven't seen Taxi Driver yet, they must. Other than the different  fashion styles, Taxi Driver could easily have been filmed today. It's still  so fresh and new, it hasn't aged a bit. Everybody in the cast gives career  preformances, and though it's one of Marty's earliest work, his style is in  full effect.<br />The film lets Travis Bickle speak &amp; act for himself.  It's non-judgemental and non-exploitive, a fact that might make people  uneasy. Sure he's not right and sure he'll do it again, but that's the  point. There are many, many Travis Bickles out there. Travis flipped out,  and he will flip out again. And the reason why is answered by the newspaper  clipping towards film's end. The most disturbing thing, might be, in the  end, you love Travis. He has done wrong, very wrong things, but you love  him anyway, and actually agree with what he does to rescue Jodie Foster's  character.<br />An important, landmark film. And probably one of my all time 5  favorites. Great DVD to boot. Be sure you pick up the Special Edition,  though.
B00000294R|5.0|I popped this CD into my CD player with only hearing L only 1 or 2 other times, I think on some Gangstarr tracks.  My first reaction was simple: Damn.  He was hot man, his lyrics were off the friggin hook.  Obviously not  a &quot;commercial rapper&quot;, Big L focused on exceptional lyrics with  good beats.  One of the best lyrical rappers I have ever heard, you can  listen to L as he tells a story, or whatever.  This is a great CD, I love  it.  R.I.P. L, peace baby.
B00004TCPJ|4.0|This is a new reissue of a previous RCA Red Seal disc with only the concerto performance. Taken the advantage of the latest technology, Horowitz, with one of his warhorses, demonstrated why his interpretation  remained unrivaled throughout the years, though the performance was made in  his seventies. From the notes of the old reissue, it was mentioned that  part of the performance was not &quot;live&quot; but made in the studio. I  hope the new disc can give us the full live version. I dare not say it is  the best performance of this concerto given by Horowitz but it will be the  replacement of my old CD anyway.
B00004C4KZ|5.0|The dark side of Tangerine Dream. In this recording, they summarized all previous experiments with sound. The result is stunning, and there is no doubt why John Peel, a BBC DJ decided to promote a completely unknown  electronic group back in early 1973. Creepy and dark music. Best consumed  at night, on headphones. The title track contains all elements that I  appreciate in the oldest vintage Tangerine Dream, namely: creepy,  monumental tones, the feel of space and distance, danse macabre of these  early analog instruments, no conventionality and lack of musical  conformism. If Zeit was the interlude, then Atem is the symphony. Never  later they managed to record such a creepy record. I always have  goose-bumps when I listen to Fauni-Gena. After you meditatize yourself  completely, at the very end of the record there comes Wahn, a grotesque  track. Putting aside the modulated sound of acoustic percussion, one might  say that this is a live recording of a BDSM session. Brrrr. See for  yourself. Highly recommended for those who want to extract the best from  their experimental years.
B00000J7JO|4.0|What a pleasant surprise: a tight, funky rhythm section playing under a rich tapestry of just bloody good tunes--- with some tight guitar playing to keep things soaring at all times. Scar Tissue, Road Trippin' and the  title track are among the many highlights here. With this album, the Chili  Peppers prove themselves to be real contenders. Goes down real easy.
1878424319|5.0|Miguel Ruiz has written a spiritual masterpiece for people trying to find meaning and the right path to take in life. This book is both spiritually uplifting and enlightening.  Further book recommendations are  &quot;Meditation&quot; by Sri Chinmoy ; &quot;KYBALION&quot; by Three  Initiates ; &quot;The Secret Life of Nature&quot; by Peter Tompkins ; and  the books by Michael Newton and Vera Stanley Alder.
B00004SCX6|1.0|That this unlistenable fluff can be a best seller is testimony to either the powers of marketing or the musical bankruptcy of contemporary pop. Did I say &quot;contemporary&quot;? This is 80s-style synth-pop all the way.  Add a relentless dose of barely-literate lyrics, an appalling lack of  memorable tunes and an absurd remake of Satisfaction. Voila: bubblegum  hell. Now excuse me while I go look for my old Debbie Gibson albums.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Talk about a lack of girl power. she is so lame. And her new video really stinks. please don't waste time and money buying this album.
B000009ED0|1.0|The entire disc in five words: endless profanity over idiot riffs. No, really. That's pretty well it. There's no musicianship, no songs, no subject matter beyond the joys of getting wasted --- and, despite the con  job that's going around, no humour. In fact, this self-promoting junk even  has a grimness about it. And if you get a charge over paying money to some  hustler giving you the middle finger on the cover and the disc label, then  you're a fool (Answer to obvious question: the disc was lent to me).
0140277447|5.0|I agree with Mr. Barron T. Laycock's wordy comments on this book in many ways, but this war nerd seems to be a follower of Edward Teller, and I think there is no way to justify his illusion behind his retinas that only  reflect the mushroom-shaped cloud making people at ease. Even though points  that Barron has made sound appearently convincing, his criticism is still  shallow, and he is partial in understanding cultures. Not because the fact  that his series of political propaganda (most of his reviews including the  one on the Rape of Nanking) for his blind obedience to nuclear weapons  upsets me, but because his so-called intellectual words simply stink, I  must tell readers to realize some similarity between his way of thinking  (logos-centrism) and the ideology that the beasts from the Japanese  militaries during World War II had. In my analysis, Barron's justification  of use of nuclear arms is based on his unconscious image of Jesus  slaughtering nations with his bloody sword that appears in the Revelation  of the Bible. (By the way, one of those famous atom bombs was dropped  targetting on a Japanese Christian church! If you doubt, check it out by  yourself.) Jesus Christ, a god of peace and love, is armed in the  Revelation for some reason (Why was he persecuted, then? Why did he create  a snake in Eden?), and this distorted belief of salvation is casting a  shadow on Christianity and on some extremists (especially, among the  military industry), I think. And, before World War II, similar distortion  had occurred in Japanese Shinto, acclaiming the super power of their  militaries. Around that time, People in Japan probably had nothing to do  except to follow their military solution. My point here is that there is  always potential danger in each individual and each race to fall down in  the trap of their own diabolic act of violence accelerated by collective  dissonance and the catastrophical bias in minds. I know Japanese government  is responsible for theattack of Pearl Harbor. And, I know their treatment  for the wounds of the countries in Asia has not reached to the point of  international consensus. However, if we keep blind obedience to any  military power, in the end, just as Dr. Einstein said, we will all become  beasts that can fight only with stone axes. There is no benefit in  following the military industry. But, Barron's writing somewhat appears to  be just his campaign provocative of the military force in general. Because  I have an antipathy against the weapon industries more than against  Japanese cars, I also have to say that the saftiness that Japanese cars  produce has saved countless human lives. And, I don't think that number is  fewer than the Japanese war criminals. Nothing remains the same in this  world. Everything is ever changing. If we are always changing, there is  hope. A few generations later, we should be changing to something better. I  think education and empathy can benefit us, but the military power cannot.
B000031XCR|5.0|this is the best of Celine Dion, this album beats all..
B00003CWTI|2.0|Every once in a while, my friends and I will disagree on a movie's  innovativeness; often they will dismiss what I find creative and uplifting  as being pretentious and &quot;artsy.&quot;  In this case, we are in full  agreement, and I'm afraid the latter applies.  The loose ends of the story  are not tied together, as the viewer is misled to believe will happen in  the opening sequences.  None of the characters are fully developed and  serve as the carriers of merely shallow observations which certainly do not  justify the 3 hour wait.  The meaning behind the film is not raised for the  viewer to think about; rather, it is thrown into our faces with all the  subtlety of a sledge hammer.  The most important, symbolic and  &quot;shocking&quot; scene (and you'll know it when you see it) is so  obvious and outlandish that it insults any serious movie goer's  intelligence and, personally, freaked me out a little.  Some of the  performances get hoaky and absolutely annoying...most noteably Julianne  Moore.  There is something to be said for Anderson's craft, but any one  interested in seeing it should skip this and see Boogie Nights, a much  better movie.  Still, while I would not recommend this movie to anyone, nor  would I steer someone clear from it who was originally interested in seeing  it.  It will, at the very least, make people consider what they value about  movies as an artform and will beg the question: does this movie have it?   In my case, it doesn't...I do not believe this to be a good movie.
0440234743|2.0|I'm disappointed. I finished reading The Testament about twenty minutes ago, and I'm still waiting for it to get interesting. I've read all of his other novels to date, and this one is the dullest. A Time To Kill and The  Chamber were simply amazing...The Runaway Jury was incredible until the  very end (could have had a much better finale, in my opinion)...but The  Testament was simply disappointing as a novel coming from Grisham.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Maria Maria is the highlight. The more I listen to it the more I like it. Just can't get enough of it.
6305903182|5.0|Scream 3....the final act? or is it?  We are still kept guessing<br />    This trilogy, a true trilogy, is one of the best and definitley the best HORROR trilogy EVER!       All characters and actors in these films were  perfect for the roles they played.  The only question is -- Freddy or  Ghostface (who's better)<br />Wes Craven while with Freddy tickled our dreams  and fantasy parts of our mind.  With The SCREAM TRILOGY he puts reality  into the horror genre.  Scream is great because EVERYONE can relate to  watching scary movies, having friends or loved-ones killing people, and  being AFRAID when you're alone.<br />All the Cast: Neve Campbell, Courtney  Cox, David Arquette, Skeet Ulrich, Matthew Lillard, Rose McGowan, W. Earl  Brown, Liev Schreiber, Jenny McCarthy, Parker Posey, Patrick Dempsey, Henry  Winkler, Laurie Metcalf, Jada Pinkett, Omar Epps, Drew Barrymore, and my  favorite Jamie Kennedy ARE FANTASTIC---LOVE THEM ALL!
B000002UJQ|5.0|... so let's make it one of the top five. To be sure, some people will not like this album (and have not, judging by some reviews here). If you like Poison without a hint of irony, you will not like this album. If you've  ever said &quot;monster guitar riff&quot;, you will not like this album. If  you like your music to tell you what to think rather than asking you, you  will not like this album. But if you are like the rest of us, you will be  inexorably hooked, as I was, from the first  line: &quot;In the next world  war, in a jacknifed juggernaut, I am born again...&quot;. While it may be  overly mushy these days to say that song lyrics are &quot;deep&quot;, I  will make that contention, based solely on the fact that I challenge anyone  (other than Thom Yorke) to tell me definitively what that , or any other  lyric on the album, really means. This stuff is the musical equivalent of  Faulkner or Hemingway or Pynchon or (certainly) Orwell; or name your  author... the point is in the age of Britney Spears and N'Sync it is very  rare to come across a band that still has the cajones to release a record  that will befuddle at least as many listeners as it bewilders. I truly  can't explain it. Neither can anybody else, though. My advice is to drop  the fifteen bucks and pick it up, listen to it about twenty times, and if  you don't like it (and you almost certainly will if you're looking at it in  the first place), head on back to Amazon. I hear &quot;Look What the Cat  Dragged In&quot; is Poison's best work.
B000002UWE|5.0|Diverse in focus and purpose, this chronology from Talk Talk is a must for those who thought intelligent pop and the 80s were mutually exclusive.  The mesmerizing songs from It's My Life and the brilliant Colour of Spring are  the highlights.  It you are ever fortunate enough to see a copy of Colour  of Spring, grab it and hold on!   It has Beethoven-like power.  This IS  one band who changed like a chalmeleon and survived the test of time.
0684872153|4.0|After reading a good portion of these reviews, it seems that people either love this book or hate it. <br />I do not think it is the best book ever written, but I am not sure there is such a thing.  <br />I enjoyed the book  for many reasons.  I thought the style was a refreshing change.  The  opening of the book, for example, with it's discussion of how everything  was wet, was to me, poetic.  It could almost stand alone for a discussion  in English class.  <br />I was entertained by his humorous choices of words  and interesting perceptions of the goings on around him.  I could picture  the scenes as they were happening, and wondered how he could have humor  amidst all the screwed up actions of those around him.  I don't think  anyone could not blame Frank's father for contributing to their situation,  but Angela didn't do much to help either, although I'm not sure there was  much she could do.  Most of the people in her family weren't much better  either.  I can't imagine having such an indifferent attitude to my starving  family members.<br />And, I was inspired.  I used to mindlessly pray at  dinner, thanking God for our food and to bless it to the nourishment of our  bodies. Amen. Whatever that meant.  Now I know what it means, and now I am  truly thankful. <br />Some people who hate it claim that the writing style is  horrible because of his lack of attention to conventional grammar, etc.  I  would like to point out that, perhaps, that was a stylistic choice he made  on purpose that actually, in my opinion, adds to the beauty and  intelligence of the writing.  The story is told, at first, from a child's  point of view, and it is told as if it is happening in the present--he does  not write his memior from the view of a 70 year old looking back on the  past.  To me, the voice created by the words illustrates the fact that it  is a story told through the eyes of a child as it is happening to him.  If  you look closely, the style does change (mature, if you will,) just like  Frank does throughout the couse of the story.  Although this style of voice  still prevails, it is a little less rambled toward the end, which I think  reflects the fact that he is older.  <br />It is a memior, which is a personal  account, which again, might be another reason for the style he chose.  To  me, this is one aspect of the novel which makes it great.  It is NOT told  or written in a common style.  <br />In addition, some people who disliked  this book say that the only people who liked it did so because of the  emotional appeal.  I realize that how the book makes you feel is not the  most sophisticated measure of a literary classic, but there is no harm in a  reader's identifying with the storyteller, learning a lesson from someone  else's experience, or being inspired to be a more thankful person from  reading a book.  Literature intellectuals may not want to be bothered by  emotion, but it is one reason many people read, and even though they may  not be as sophisticated and scholarly, in the end, when you die, what will  matter more?
B000025TI2|5.0|Steve McQueen is one of the best albums released in the past three decades. That said, I wouldn't suggest that you should buy it. Why? SM is essentially the same disc as Two Wheels Good, as it was called in the US.  TWG has the additional advantage that it includes bonus tracks. One of them  is Paddy's reading of the country chestnut He'll Have To Go. Again, this is  a superb disc, but buy the domestic version, unless you do not like bonus  tracks.
B000000OQF|5.0|All I can say is wow.  Only if a band were to emerge with even half of the talent of the Guns, the whole late 90's early 2000's (whatever we'll call this time) the whole Rock world would be saved.  This is one of the best  albums ever, if not the best.  Every single song is great.  It starts out  great, and ends with a bang.  Axl may get put down a lot because of his  personality, but you can't judge music by the singer's personality.  Bing  Crosby was an abusive drunk, and people loved his music. Just listen to  Welcome to the Jungle, then Mr. Brownstone, and you'll understand.  Welcome  to the Jungle is an awsome song.  I love the way Axl's voice blends with  the guitar towards the end of the song.    Mr. Brownstone is funky, and  cool, and of course Paradise City is awsome. Slash's guitar is just  amazing, just like it is in Sweet Child O' Mine.  Then you've also got My  Michelle, a great song, pretty depressing, though, and You're Crazy.  Think  About You and Anything Goes are okay, but Rocket Queen is really wonderful.   It's so different how the song literally changes direction in the middle  of it.  If you ever wanted a great CD that you will never ever tire of, buy  this one.
B00001MXXG|5.0|The Gen-X term wasn't used when this film came out, but the teens that flocked to see it were later put into that category. If you attended high school in the '80s, it's your duty to see this film.<br />A mild-mannered  computer hacker prefers to enjoy the better things in life. A  tongue-in-cheek look at school administration and a day of hookie for  Ferris and his two closest friends. Some mild language, but no sex or  violence... a teen film that's ok for kids to see.<br />Unlike some more  modern teen-targeted films like &quot;American Pie,&quot; the characters do  not have short-sighted goals like &quot;getting laid by Prom,&quot; but to  expand the relationships with their significant other and their  parents.<br />Characters are affluent (helps to explain their unlimited  resources... computers, sound effects machines, race cars), but somehow  seem down to earth and centered.<br />I can't imagine what it's like to be a  teen today, but I still enjoy this film now that I'm in my 30s. Everytime  it comes on tv, I watch it and still laugh at the same scenes.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This is by far the best album I have ever owned. Not only is it great to listen to, but if you listen to the lyrics you will realise how funny they are.     I would recommend this album to anyone and I hope you buy it and  experience the man that is Eminem!
B000002HEM|5.0|I wasn't a big 10,000 Maniacs fan when I first saw the MTV Unplugged performance, but I fell in love with their work for this CD. Deep, thought-provoking lyrics are penetrating. I'm haunted each time I hear  &quot;I'm not the Man,&quot; the story of the framing of an innocent black  man for murder in the segregated south... it makes me think of &quot;To  Kill a Mockingbird&quot; a little bit.<br />Natalie Merchant's voice is  penetrating and this album flows song-to-song so that it can easily be  listened to non-stop, over and over again. The songs are not distractig so  that you could listen to them intently while driving, or tune them out as  background music while at work.  Rocking, yet mellow - an excellent CD.
B000002I2M|5.0|Although this was not a sixties album, it almost counts as one, since the Doors were very much a sixties band. On the other hand, the music on \\"L. A. Woman\\" is such that you could see the direction the band was taking just as  it was (unexpectedly) nearing the end of its tenure. In fact, as \\"L. A.  Woman\\" shows, it was about to explode out of the sixties in a big way, and  in spite of the fact that not very much more was accomplished after this  album, we can say that the road ahead was looking clear enough. It was a  double irony of sorts to have Morrison leave the Earth at a time when the  band was apparently firing so well and he was reaching such creative  heights. Shades of Nirvana indeed.<br />Another major thing about this  particular album is (for me) the obvious impact it had on much that  followed. This is true of Morrison contemporaries like Sting, I believe,  who must surely have immersed himself in this particular album and probably  lapped up most of the Doors' production. It is also true of groups like  Midnight Oil, in whose musical evolution in the 80s and 90s you can clearly  see some Doors' influence. \\"L. A. Woman\\" has been called a commercial album  at times, no doubt because of the success of so many individual tracks, but  for my money, it's far from being that. It remains one of the most original  pieces from a period that was literally exploding with talent and the proof  really is in how well it is standing up now, thirty years later. It's an  album that was well ahead of its time.
6305126062|5.0|A film that was meant to be seen on the big screen is still breath-taking on letter-box format on the small screen.<br />A tragic accident forces a girl to confront her relationship with her mother and forces her mother to  confront her relationship with her husband. The bridge between all the  complex emotions and relationships in the film is a traumatized horse that  must also overcome phobias related to a tragic accident in which he (the  horse) was unable to protect the girl he adores as much as she adores  him.<br />The acting is superb and believable. The mountains, ranges and  prairies are unforgettable and the simple yet fulfilling lives of the  Montana rancher and his family is something even the most die-hard lover of  the big city will crave for themselves.
6305358613|4.0|I liked the way this film started and ended. The middle, on the other hand, was filled (at times) with filler. By that I mean obligatory scenes which really lent nothing of major interest to the main story. In so doing,  the film also managed to lose itself historically, so that you had to be a  very well-informed viewer to keep up with who was who and what was  happening and why. I can imagine the director saying to himself, \\"I'll make  it an historically accurate piece....No, I won't, I'll make it into a love  story and let the history stand aside a little....On second thoughts, I'd  better keep the history strong....,\\" and so on, never really deciding one way  or the other. For a time, it was obvious that the temptation of rewriting  history and according Lord Dudley Robert a greater place than was in fact  his, passed through the director's mind. Shades of \\"Shakespeare in Love,\\"  indeed, where Joseph Fiennes played a somewhat similar role, but one which  was more in keeping with the type of script, if not with the actual  history. <br />It must have been difficult to avoid giving centre-stage time  to characters like Norfolk and Walsingham. The latter, in the guise (if you  will forgive me for saying so) of Elizabeth's eminence grise, was  definitely overdone. Norfolk, besides acting out of character (I felt) on  more than one occasion, gave up the ghost rather too easily, further  strengthening the reputation of the \\"heretic\\" living at the queen's right  arm. As for Gielgud's Pope, I think he must have enjoyed every minute of it  (there were about four), but I didn't buy it at all.<br />I must say I  especially liked the end of the film. After having proclaimed herself  \\"mistress,\\" there was, in a sense, nothing more to say. The final scene was  very well done. Certainly, Elizabeth the First's subsequent reign was such  that you could make several more movies about it. Overall, the film was  pleasing without being great cinema. For its history, it's of some  interest, but not if you are trying to peer into Elizabethan England for  the first time. You really have to have some background to be able to  appreciate the ins and outs of that particular court. Of recent films  dealing with British royalty, \\"The Madness of King George\\" and \\"Mrs Brown\\"  were both superior to this, with more depth and fewer unnecessary charades.  \\"Elizabeth\\" is a four-star cinematic experience, I think, but not a strong  one.
6305627347|4.0|I was amazed that this film got away with an 'R' rating, but it was still a hoot. During the first 30 minutes of the film, I almost couldn't breathe due to the non-stop laughter.<br />This film is not for the faint of heart and  it is NOT for children.  There is nothing in this film that is appropriate  for children to see or hear.  I was not happy that the film makers toned  down this movie just enough to get an R rating. NC-17 would not have  deterred adults from seeing this film, so film makers were definitely  targeting the 17-and-under audience for revenue.  Some of the film went a  bit too far... even for South Park  and the gut-wrenching humor slided into  moderate chuckles after the first 30 minutes. The last half (and more) of  the film was not of the same caliber as the first half.<br />One of the songs,  &quot;Blame Canada,&quot; was nominated for an Oscar and the film is full  of hilarious, original songs. The CD of the Soundtrack is also hilarious,  but not for young listeners.<br />This is a must-see for fans of Robert Smigel  and Mike Judge (and other twisted animators), but not a good gift idea for  Sunday School Teachers, your pastor or your kids.  Things that are normally  bleeped out during the tv-show are not only not bleeped out in the movie...  but the movie pushes the envelope a bit too far as to what constitutes  adult material.
B000001ED1|5.0|I do not know what happened to Joan Osborne.  I really don't.  From seeing her on TV and stuff she strikes me as being a bit odd, so who knows where she is or when a new album will come out.<br />What I do know is that this  album was one of the best records I bought in the 1990's.  Joan has some  voice and the songs on this record really really are good.  Right Hand Man,  Lumina, St. Theresa etc.  what an album.<br />Anyone who is thinking of buying  this album should.  It is great.  I hope when Joan is ready that her new  work will live up to the excellence of this CD.  Again, I can not tell you  how good this CD is.  Buy IT!
B000000OMJ|5.0|I bought this album within days of it's release after hearing Games Witout Fronters. The electronic percussion on that song really grabbed me. After hearing the rest of it, I knew this was a really pivitol piece of music. Here is where Gabriel completely severed himself from the sound of Genesis and created something that was entirely his own sound. Anytime I put it on and someone stopped by, the question was &quot;Who Is that?&quot;. Just about everybody within my circle of friends ran right out and got it shortly after. I feel this, and his next album &quot;Security&quot; are the most groundbreaking releases by any rock artist in the 80's. It's very dark, and has an almost punk flavor to it at times. The way the instruments are layered is very unique. Hearing it again recently transported me back to 1980 when I was a young lad of 23, but the music here is by no means, dated. His entire catalog has been excellent over the years. While his sound has become a bit more radio friendly since &quot;Security&quot;, he's never really sold out in the manner of his former bandmates in Genesis. For Pete's sake, Pete. when are you ever going to get that new album out?
B000002R48|5.0|Ok, I admit it, I'm a Dream head, I've been a prog rock/metal fan for over two years, and this was one of the first I got, along with Images and Words (probably the best Dream Theater album to start off with), and the first  LTE album.  I was shocked to discover, later, how underrated this album is!   I've heard everything every bad thing that could be said about an album,  about this album.  I think the biggest problem is that most people got this  album after getting 3 or 4 (or 5) other DT albums, and expected something  that they didn't get.  Kevin James LaBrie is not on this album, another,  former vocalist is, Charlie Dominici.  And while he's by far not my  favorite vocalist, I GREATLY preffer him to LaBrie in many ways.   Seriously, folks, LaBrie isn't a god, he's decent, but just because he has  operatic training doesn't give him the soul or power, or emotion that  vocalists like &quot;Ray Alder&quot; (from Fates Warning), &quot;Daneil  Gildenlow&quot; (from Pain of Salvation) or even his former keyboard player  &quot;Kevin Moore&quot; had (check out Chroma Key, great new band/project  by Moore).  Anyway, WDADU is an incredible album, it has NO bad tracks  (nothing as repulsive as &quot;Another Day&quot;, &quot;Anna Lee&quot;, or  &quot;Spirit Carries On&quot;, although it has a couple mediocre tracks,  &quot;Afterlife&quot; and parts of &quot;Status Seeker&quot;.  The only  other album that DT has with no bad tracks is &quot;Awake&quot; which is a  great album, but I find that after a while, Awake begins to run together a  bit, and doesn't seem so vivid as many other of their works do.  WDADU is  brilliant, and while it may once in a while have a touch of 80s metal in  it, 99% of it is pure, progressive, majestic (no pun intended), brilliance.   Some highlights are the incredible mini-epic &quot;The Killing Hand&quot;,  the climactic &quot;Only a Matter of Time&quot;, the heavy, but strangely  melodic &quot;Light Fuse and Get Away&quot; and the incredible instrumental  &quot;Ytse Jam&quot;.  The opener is another favorite of most, unfortunetly  the production of this album doesn't do much of it's grooves justice.  That  is probably the major problem with this album, the production is TERRIBLE,  which is understandable for a brand new band beginning on an unknown lable.   Anyway, I HIGHLY suggest this album if you can get over the bad production  and aren't too pompous about the singing.
0792842103|1.0|This movie had a topnotch cast, talent with the ability to make anything worthwhile, however this movie WAS NOT up to their usual standards as the overdone action scenes and confused plot made this potentially good movie a  real suckfest! <br />Why did I hate this movie, well thats easy, first off,  one of my absolute fave actors, the extremely talented Jean Reno was cast  as a 'bumboy' to Robert DeNiro (RDN), I mean he was suppose to be RDN  French equivalent, but what we got was a tragic waste of Jean Renos talent,  bascially he was a man who looked as confused as the storyline! <br />The  action scenes were terribly overdone, I have read other reviews saying the  car chases were the most exciting part in the entire film, which I  wholeheartedly disaggree with!  OVERKILL, COMPLETE AND UTTER OVERKILL, made  it more boring than anything else!  It felt as though the director or  writer new what a waste of time  they had created, that they decided to  give the audience something to disguise the mess they made in the first  place, however the Action scenes only highlighted what was so wrong about  this movie! <br />Their were some clever ideas dotted throughout Ronin, that  seemed to go somewhere but got lost as soon as the guns started firing, so  instead of 'Masterless Samurai's' we got hired guns running or driving  around a maze of streets and buildings shooting at each other to get a  rather simple prize, a few twists and double dealings are mixed in as well  to enlighten or confuse, take your pick!     <br />No amount of Bandaid (a  small adhesive dressing) will ever make Ronin worthy of the actors who were  unfortunately associated with it.  AVOID THIS MOVIE AT ALL COST, if you  want an exciting car chase scene then watch French Connection or The Blues  Brothers!  far more interesting and thrilling than this!
B000002BQK|5.0|Aside from 'Music Box' and a few other treasures, 'Butterfly' is undoubtedly one of the best CDs I own. Not just because, like 'Music Box', it has something for everyone, or because it displays so deeply Mariah's  inner thoughts, but also because it is completely and utterly heartfelt.  There isn't a single note on the entire album that hasn't been carefully  placed and beautifully sung. From the incredibly moving lyrics of 'My All'  to the sultry, barely-there vocals of 'The Roof', Mariah's voice is clearly  geared towards not just singing any old how, but singing from her heart.  Contrary to many of her critics, Butterfly is not evidence of Mariah  'losing her touch' or becoming complacent. This is especially evident in  'The Beautiful Ones', a cover of the Prince original from the 'Purple Rain'  soundtrack, in which she weaves her voice with the members of Dru Hill.  It's this song, 'My All', 'Outside' and the title track which show just how  personal she has allowed this album to get. <br />What is also new about this  album is that, for the first time, Mariah has been 'allowed' to sing  precisely what she wanted in the way she wanted. That's not to say that her  work under the influence of Mr. Mottola was restrictive, it just wasn't  entirely her own. This is partly the reason why she has contributed, as  always, 110% effort into making this record as perfect as possible. And,  while she has ventured into different areas, she has also gained experience  from exploring and experimenting through use of other musical genres,  namely RnB and Hip-Hop.  I regularly listen to this Cd, because every time  I listen I seem to hear something I didn't hear before. It might have been  released in '97, but there are still new things to hear. If you appreciate  Mariah's magical range, musicality, and undeniable sentiment, you won't be  disappointed.
B000000OSG|2.0|Besides G N' R Lies, I believe that Use Your Illusion II, is Guns N' Roses least impressive effort. If combined with Use Your Illusion I, I believe that it would have been more successful, and would be recognized as one of  the '90s best albums.    Unlike Use Your Illusion I, which features the  great &quot;November Rain&quot;, this album does not feature any hit songs.  Excluding songs such as &quot;Knockin' On Heaven's Door&quot;, &quot;14  Years&quot;, &quot;Civil War&quot;, and &quot;Yesterdays&quot;, this album  is weak.    If your looking for a great album by Guns N' Roses, look into  buying either, &quot;Appettite For Destruction&quot;, &quot;Use Your  Illusion I&quot;, or &quot;Live Era '87-'93&quot;.
B00000DMJF|5.0|There are those that the Beatles never really caught the ear of. And then there are the millions that were hypnotised and seduced for their ability, above all others in my eyes, to create melodies that just caught your heart  and ear like a powerful Deja vu. I just found out recently, and was  surprised to find, that this was their #1 selling album. I would have  thought Sgt. Peppers, or Abbey Road would have held that position. This  album is an adventure into the experience of music. It takes you all over  the place. The Beatles cover more styles and kinds of music than any other  band could have attempted seriousely and got away with in one album. And I  like some of there more eccentric songs like Rocky Raccoon, and I know  every word even 30 years after I bought my first version of it! As one  critic noted earlier, each of the band members did their own thing through  most of this album. Yes this is true, but one has to realize that the  competition that existed between John and Paul (and George) generated some  of the grooviest music in rock history. Look what happened when they broke  up. John and Paul put out several excellent tunes, but nothing or VERY  little that was of the quality they had as the Beatles. Paul especially, my  favorite Beatle, wrote stuff after that that was really hard to believe  came from the guy who wrote Hey Jude, Let it Be, and &quot;Get Back,&quot;  and so many other fantastic tunes. After &quot;Maybe I'm Amazed&quot; what  the F**K happened Paul? And John published his therapy sessious, and let  Yoko make a fool of him at a number of gigs. But don't get me wrong, what  John did took guts and some of what Paul wrote was technically great, just  not the same glimpses of Heaven we see on prior works such as on &quot;The  White Album.&quot;
B000000OQF|4.0|Appettite For Destruction, in my opinion, launched the career's of one of the most successful rock bands of the '80s and '90s. With huge hits like &quot;Sweet Child O' Mine&quot;, &quot;Welcome To The Jungle&quot;, and  &quot;Paradise City&quot;, Guns N' Roses' Appettite For Destruction is  recognized by many as the best debut album of all time. Appettite For  Destruction is the second-largest selling debut album of all time (over 15  million copies sold worldwide). Though many believe that this is Guns N'  Roses best album, I still think that Use Your Illusion I, is slightly  better than this one. This album will serve as a great buy for anyone who  chooses to purchase it.
B00000JZIK|5.0|One of the most important ingredients to a good adventure story is a great villain.  Lord of the Rings has its marvelous villain, Sauron, and its fantastic secondary villains, the Ringwraiths.  The Usual Suspects has one  of the finest villains I've ever come across in a movie, scary Keyser Soze.   This is a man who (allegedly - since we can't be sure of anything we're  told) murdered his own family.  I think it was a good touch to make him a  Turk.  (He is a Turk isn't he?)  Nice choice for a westerner's fantasy of  the most depraved villain on earth, a dangerous &quot;Young Turk&quot;.   Picture him with a scythe carving up his wife and kids.  I dwell on this  because Keyser Soze, horrid murderer, is the appeal of the movie and what  the whole plot and surprise ending are about.  To those reviewers who say  they weren't surprised by the ending, all I can say is you're too damn  smart for your own good, and I'm in Mensa, and I was surprised at the damn  ending, so go rain on somebody else's parade, showoff.  I found the ending  as satisfying as a walk-off homerun.  When people ask for my favorite movie  of all time, this is one of those that I mention.
B000000OQY|2.0|After releasing the widely successful album &quot;Appettite For Destruction&quot;, which featured the hit single &quot;Sweet Child O' Mine&quot;, I thought Guns N' Roses would attempt to take a step foward  musically with their follow-up album. To my amazement, Guns N' Roses  actually took a step backward. A huge one!  G N' R Lies will disappoint  anyone who appreciated Guns N' Roses material off their two most successful  albums, &quot;Use Your Illusion I&quot;, and of course &quot;Appettite For  Destruction&quot;. I honestly can say that this album is near terrible. It  does not feature any hit singles, videos, or any really good songs, like  all the successful Guns N' Roses albums do.  I advise people not to  purchase this album, and I encourage them to focus more on buying the  better Guns N' Roses albums, &quot;Use Your Illusion I&quot;, and  &quot;Appettite For Destruction&quot;.
6304474652|3.0|Matthew Perry impregnates a beautiful Spanish girl during a one night stand.  Time passes, she shows up again, afraid her father will kill her.  To avoid this, they get married.  Obviously the question is whether they  will fall in love for real, and obviously they split up, and obviously  there's a happy ending.  They get these plots out of Cracker Jack boxes.   Even though the movie is so obvious that it is an insult to your  intelligence, I give it a thumbs up.  If we gave thumbs down to every movie  that insults your intelligence by being predictable, what would be left?  I  guess this is plot number 4.  They have them all down.  The writers should  be punished for their lack of originality and creativity.  But plot number  4 is handled well.  I like the omens Perry sees.  I like the happy ending.   Most of all, I like the Spanish girl.
B000000OSE|4.0|Use Your Illusion I, led by the smash hit &quot;November Rain&quot;, in many people's opinion, including mine, is one of the best albums of the '90s. &quot;November Rain&quot; is arguably Guns N' Roses best song, and is  worth the buying this album alone. Along with a supporting cast for  &quot;November Rain&quot; that features a marvelous cover of Paul  McCartney's &quot;Live And Let Die&quot; and &quot;Don't Cry (original  version)&quot;, Use Your Illusion I, if combined with Use Your Illusion II,  would no doubt be THE BEST ALBUM OF THE '90S. By seperating the albums, I  believe Guns N' Roses made a huge mistake, especially considering that Use  Your Illusion II is a very weak album. Despite that, I encourage everyone  who enjoys rock music to purchase this album. It won't disappoint!
B00003CWPR|2.0|Eyes closed.  This is a wierd movie.  The sexuality in it is not sexy, it is wierd.  The ending is utterly unsatisfactory.  I'm not a Stanley Kubrick fan.  I think he is pretty bad.  The actors talk too slow.  It's all part  of the pseudo wierdness that is going on in this inferior movie.  They  built us a complicated structure, and I'm standing on the sidelines  pointing out that the emperor has no clothes on, and his underwear is funny  looking.  And what is that stupid ending anyway?  And does the Tom Cruise  character have a mind?  Or is he a suit of clothes with a balloon inside,  being led around by the nose by every other character in the movie?  Would  it be too much to ask to have Nicole Kidman's character have her head  screwed on straight instead of being whatever the hell she is here?  This  flick was made in Jonathan Swift's Laputa, land in the sky.  Hey - let's  get down to earth a little.  A little reality please, in the characters,  their reactions, something?
0684833395|5.0|I have read this book many times over and I never tire of it. This is one of the greatest novels in the history of the United States, at least in the last 100 years. It is a roller coaster and the sarcastic and wild  characters come to life more than some of our own lives. This book should  be read by everyone because although it is first seen as a comedic story,  it is serious in its ability to show the problems with the world. Colonel  Cathcart just wants to get ahead in the army and only wants a raise. Milo  wants to become rich beyond his wildest dreams and Yossarian just wants to  live. This novel has inspired me, myself to write a novel, which I am  currently in the progress of. Hopefully, Catch-22 will do the same for you.
B00003CWQ2|2.0|This is a very violent movie with lots of blood and fighting, but I don't mind that.  I'm a fan of the old Ultimate Fighting Championship, when they used to slam each other in the head with elbows and the blood would flow,  so I'm not in the least offended by the blood in Fight Club.  I thought  this was going to be a straight ahead movie about some regular guys forming  a fight club to experience knocking each other's brains in, to get the  adrenaline rush, to see how good you were in something fairly close to a  street fight, though of course not a street fight since both contestants  agree in advance to show up, and a measure of safety from eye gauges and  death is assumed.  I did something like this myself when I started a  Brazilian Jiu Jitsu club where people went full tilt, though no punching  was allowed, just &quot;wrestling&quot;, more like submission wrestling.   But that is not what the movie is primarily about.  It is just one of the  macho images the protagonist has flying around in his head.  The movie  isn't about a fight club.  It's about the meanderings in the mind of the  protagonist, who isn't planted firmly on the ground.  The movie held my  interest but I found it too long and at times too wierd.  The robotic fight  club members were a bit too much.  One man's insanity is another man's  cult.  I think this movie would have worked better for me if they had kept  it simpler, as in Keep It Simple Stupid.  The bizarre and unbelievable  directions they took it in lost me.  Try editing it next time.  Change the  focus.  Make it real.  I hadn't realized I was watching sci fi or fantasy.   You have a good concept here.  Just rein it in and give it some focus.   This slop is all over the place.  What's that about the girl?  What's that  about the political messages?  Huh?  What are you doing?  Sorry, it really  doesn't come together as an artistic whole for me.  It needs a ruthless  editor to pare it down a half hour, and it would benefit from some reality.   Even granting the macho dream concept, the Norton-Pitt dichotomy, it needs  work.  Tighten it up.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This hard, tough, yet good feeling album by Limp Bizkit is definitely a phat, head-boppin' record. Filled with screaming, rapping, and swearing, &quot;Significant Other&quot; will without a doubt satisfy your cravings  for some rock, old school hip-hop, and clever, meaningful raps. While you  probably know &quot;Nookie,&quot; &quot;Re-Arranged,&quot; and &quot;N  2Gether Now,&quot; the album also reveals many other great bizkit tunes  like &quot;Don't Go Off Wandering,&quot; a song about a frustrating and  unemotional relationship,  &quot;Just Like This,&quot; a tight tune with  roaring guitar licks, and &quot;A Lesson Learned,&quot; a slow-paced song  with some powerful lyrics about lonliness. Those powerful lyrics are  accompanied by the rest of the band on the album- a swirl of hip-hoppin'  beats, phat bass lines, and some hard rock guitar make &quot;Significant  Other&quot; an album that you can definitely keep in your stereo...for a  very long time!
078061755X|4.0|A Jewish boy in Australia named David Helfgott has amazing talent for the piano.  Apparently in order for him to take his career to the next level he must go to London, but his father forbids this.  The movie is taking the  position that the father was wrong, disturbed.  But judging from what  happens to the boy in London, who knows?  The boy has a breakdown in  London, after he disobeys his father and makes the move.  The breakdown  costs him his career.  Suddenly he talks like Dustin Hoffman in Rain Man,  if Hoffman's character was on speed.  Amazingly, he recovers in a sense,  meets a nice woman who wants him, and succeeds to some degree in the music  world.  The best parts of the movie are the happy ones, the successful  ones, when the piano player is already brain damaged and talking in the  most eccentric way, but making it.  The worst parts of the movie are when  the boy is normal but unhappy, quarreling with his father.  Because of this  movie, I picked up the David Helfgott CD.  Is he any good?  How do I know.   I'm not that knowledgeable about the classical music he is playing.  He  plays with spirit.
B000001IQH|5.0|All of Rancids albums are excellent but this one stands out. In this cd Rancid seemed to focus a lot on their ska roots(operation ivy) and mixed it with some punk. These two elements combined made some great songs. This  album is a must have. Be careful though, it's addicting.                               See ya in the pit,                                        Paul
6304458924|3.0|Handsome Ray Liotta, convicted serial rapist-murderer, may be a good guy after all.  That's how it looks at one point, when he saves the lives of some innocent people by killing a bad guy.  But that's not where the movie  takes us.  Ray Liotta turns out to be a sadistic murderer, and it's up to  our hero to stop him.  Our hero is stewardess Lauren Holly.  Guess whether  or not she wins.  And while you are at it, guess whether or not she lands  the plane successfully by herself.  The best thing about this movie is that  it holds your interest.  The worst thing about it is that it is all so  obvious and predictable, same old same old.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I loved the cd.  I love Roswell the show and &quot;Here With Me&quot; is the theam song.  again I love Dido and all of there music!
B000002HH9|2.0|I don't care how talented you are, how well you write lyrics, how brilliantly the songs are arranged, it's pointless if the songs aren't special in some way; they're called ``hooks''.  Wild Mood Swings is like  many other albums by a fading great;  they sound just as good as they did  during their heyday, but the music is devoid of hooks.  The first time I  heard this CD through, I thought, well, that's it.  Robert Smith has lost  his muse.  The Cure is dead.<br />It turned out not to be true, as four years  later he produced a fine swan song in Bloodflowers, where hooks abound; a  guitar lick here, a refrain there, every song has a reason to stick in your  head.<br />Not so with Wild Mood Swings.  Some of the songs are darn right  grating to listen to. ``Trap'' has its moments.  A couple (``Want'',  ``Numb'') are decent filler, but that's as good as it gets.  Some Cure fans  claim to like ``Mint Car'' and ``Jupiter Crash'', but I'm clueless as to  why. A couple of otherwise nice songs are ruined by syrupy strings  (``Treasure'', ``Bare'').<br />I guess if you want to find a bright spot in  the end of the Cure, it would be that at least they can't disgrace the  legacy of an otherwise incredible catalog of fine music by producing  another Wild Mood Swings.  Robert Smith knows this only too well.  At last  count there were something like 59 songs from their career being performed  on the Dream tour.  Aside from sentimental oldies, the two from this CD are  the weakest of the bunch.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I loved the cd.  I love Roswell the show and &quot;Here With Me&quot; is the theam song.  again I love Dido and all of there music!
0684872153|5.0|I am of mostly irish descent..but like my parents was born and raised in the US..i found this an excellent read..the family described in the book is not at all like mine, but im sure somewhere along the line,before my time,  it was...i disliked the father in the book, that because he was much like  myself..hellbent on getting drunk and high my life swiftly left me..until  recently when i found a way to live sober a day at a time..i look forward  to reading Tis..thanks Frank for showing me where i come from
B000031XCR|4.0|This CD was excellent, her mix of old songs along with her new ones such as the hit &quot;That's the Way It Is&quot; was great. The song &quot;The First Time&quot;, was a beautiful ballad that showed Celine's talents. Her  duet with Frank Sinatra, &quot; All the Way&quot; was put together nicely  as well, a sweet tribute to the great singer. I highly recommend this CD to  anyone who is a Celine Dion fan or is in the mood for a great CD that you  will play for a while.
6302185815|5.0|There is a short flash-back intercut in this episode that made me love the world of Twin Peaks. The flash-back when James remembers Laura, starring Sheryl Lee. She was the one.
0140282033|3.0|I picked this book for the title, as I suspect many others have done, and because it seemed to offer a intriguing mix of food and magic.<br />It's a little gem of a book, and if you approach it as you would a fairy tale then  you won't be disappointed when the story becomes at once unbelievable and  cliched and the characters stereotypical and one dimensional. <br />Harris  seems to want to create the feel of a fairy tale - she is reluctant to  establish a real time period for the story; no real clues are given as to  whether this book is set 5 or 50 years ago. Her characters are thin and  easily recognisable archetypes. She sets up very basic good verus evil,  magic versus church, indulgence verus abstinence premises for her story and  deftly weaves them into colourful prose that glistens with images of magic  and candy. <br />It's very simple and possibly not really very accomplished,  but taken lightly it is rather enjoyable, if not for the story, then for  the gorgeous images, tastes and smells it conjours up.
B00003CWTI|5.0|MAGNOLIA is a masterful piece of filmmaking.  I'm stunned at the negative  reviews that have been posted here: &quot;too long,&quot;  &quot;confusing.&quot;  I wasn't even aware that the film was longer than 3  hours until I read it here!  Unlike most moviegoers, I pay attention to a  filmed-story, rather than a running-time.  I would not agree with the  reviewers who stated that lengthy running-times justify &quot;great  films&quot; - a satisfying gift is as good as the package from whence it  was wrapped.  This is true of GONE WITH THE WIND and although a film like  CITIZEN KANE doesn't reach this drastic time length, there are certainly  similarities between these films listed in regards to MAGNOLIA -- they are  bold examples of filmmaking; engaging, expressive, enjoyable, profoundly  cinematic. Profound in every sense of the word!  Viewers thought CITIZEN  KANE was also confusing, but with all of the ideas, entertainment and  ideologies we've been exposed to over the past 100 years since the birth of  cinema, how can a film like MAGNOLIA strike confusion?  The film is as  ambitiously constructed as GRAND HOTEL, BIRTH OF A NATION, GODFATHER 2,  GREED, INTOLERANCE and GRAND CANYON -- films where many lives cross  multiple paths both temporally and spatially in order to ultimately reach  equilibrium through tragedy and heartache.  DW's 'fall of Babylon' is just  as powerful as PT's 'falling frogs!'  Besides, what's wrong with a film  being confusing?  Perhaps it's not the film, but instead the viewer - which  is no reason to attack a film such as this.  For those who don't want to be  confused at a future screening, I hear Rocky and Bullwinkle is soon to be  released.<br />From what I've seen in BOOGIE NIGHTS and MAGNOLIA, PT Anderson  is a man who loves CA and Los Angeles to which these films undoubtedly pay  homage.  MAGNOLIA's valley is as big a player in the film as Cruise and  Hoffman are.  Paul is giving us films that are fun to watch - that cater to  a film-buff's craving for a taste for something different.  These films are  highly demented and MAGNOLIA uses a film-production technique strikingly  similar to the Golden-Age films listed above - long static visuals  complemented by heavy melodrama, showy composition and spectacle.  For  those who were engaged in BOOGIE NIGHTS, you probably don't recall the  length of time you had to look at Diggler's blank face at the drug-heist  with Rick Springfield's 'Jessie's Girl' in the background or Mackey's  motionless stare at the reporter during his lengthy 'interrogation.'  For  those who weren't engaged - bored rather, I wouldn't recommend MY DINNER  WITH ANDRE.<br />As far as the performances are concerned, PT consistently  uses a cast that works well for him (HARD 8, BOOGIE AND MAGNOLIA) and a  fresh bunch of actors for PT's direction that give meaning to the label  'tour-de-force.'  For example, it's very enlightening to see Cruise playing  a crude motivational sex-speaker -- if it was Cruise or anyone else playing  the part, that's acting.  And a 'boy genius' played by a virtual 'boy  genius' is something very touching in newcomer Blackman who as well as  similar young children, may be facing some of the same struggles as Stanley  Spector.<br />MAGNOLIA is as powerful a film as any made when Hollywood WAS  'Hollywood,' except now there's profanity, drug-abuse, nudity and death  on-screen - heightened realism for our age (ex. 'Silence of the Lambs'  winning a Best Picture Oscar).  There's something in this film for anyone  who loves good cinema.  Cinema - no matter how 'long' or 'confusing' it  might be, watching a film is a test for the viewer to come to a conclusion  - is the filmed-entertainment confusing or the viewer confused?   &quot;That's your problem, Mack.  You haven't watched enough movies.&quot;   Can't wait for the next one, Paul.
0140283587|2.0|I really wanted to enjoy this book. I was going through Bridget Jones Withdrawal and reading any lurid covered humourous looking pulp I could get my hands on. This was very popular at the time and I thought that all those  people couldn't be wrong. Oops.<br />It's diverting enough and even  entertaining in places, but only at the very lowest level - toilet humour  is funny, but you know there's something wrong when an account of Delhi  Belly is the best thing in a book. I'm the last person to say that a book  has to be 'literary' in order to be of any worth, but honestly, this is  pure pulp. The main character does nothing but whinge and whine and act  half his age. The characters in general are paper thin and stereotypical,  and their actions cliched and predictable. It is kind of funny, though not  as hilarious as you might hope, and if you've been backpacking, you'll  probably identify with it. But for all this, it remains so badly written  it's almost painful to read. <br />This is dross of the highest order -  perfectly suited to people who never normally read books, and therefore  have nothing to compare it to.
6304806434|5.0|Con air has english caption subtitles for hearing impaired . But in the technical spec u hav mentioned only spanish subtitles . <br />Check The Rock movie too .  World is not enough doesn;t contain english subtitles as  mentioned in the tech . spec!
0553274503|4.0|There's been a lot of debate, at my place of work, over whether Science fiction can ever be considered `literature' and over which of the two categories `Flowers For Algernon' fits into. Why people insist on  pigeonholing books in this way baffles me - why can't a book be both?  `Flowers for Algernon' fits comfortably into both, in the same way that  Alice Walker's `The Color Purple' fits into  the Ethnic American Fiction  category, AND the Modern Classic Literature category. <br />This is science  fiction, but written with a nod to the devices found in traditional  literature. If you've read the other reviews here, you'll know what this  book is about. The premise is a good one, but written in any other way it  might have fallen flat. Keyes has used some simple but effective narrative  devices here (translate as, `he knows how to tell a story') which I just  loved. The device of a diary showing a characters personal development is  not an original one. His trick of using immature vocabulary, spelling and  grammar to signify a character at the beginning of his journey, and much  more eloquent language to show the pinnacle of their development is also  not new; Walker uses both of these in `The Color Purple'. <br />What Keyes  does though, is take the narrative and turn it back on itself until the  story becomes completely rewound and we are back where we started. This  narrative structure is always fun, but Keyes does it so well that this book  is a delight to read. The language Keyes uses is simple, with little  descriptive language or `floweriness', but wielded deftly to create a very  good and very unputdownable book. It's a good story well told; if you never  thought you'd enjoy sci-fi, maybe you should try this.
0671891634|5.0|My profession is writing, but my business is investing. With over 50 years of experience in the stock market and having made millions, I think I know what's up. Not only is this book definitive on stock picking, it is also  fun and easy to read and the author's humanity comes right through. And the  core message that you can do better than the fund managers (for a variety  of reasons) is, from my own experience, true. Try Lynch's system: What  worked for him, might work for you. Oh yes, by the way, this book is mainly  a repeat and better version of his previous work and represents a more  masterful and confident telling of the ways to beat the street.
0812550706|3.0|I'm another one who kept hearing great things about `Ender's Game', and when I saw the new posters with Jake Lloyd (Anakin in Star Wars) reading it, I decided to try it out.<br />And of course, I was disappointed. It isn't  a bad book - I put it down a few times, and discarded it in favour of a  magazine or two, and even an entire other book, but I was compelled to read  on, I suppose, because the story was so good. But that's where it ends. I  found it very hard to visualise anything because Card uses no descriptive  language at all; the book is one long string of `he saids' and `she saids'  and `they dids'. The entire book depends on action rather than exposition  and it left me feeling no connection to the story, or even the characters.  Because much as we root for Ender, we know he doesn't need us to - he  always wins anyway, no matter how bad the odds, so there's little  compulsion to read to the end of the book, once this rather boring pattern  has established itself. <br />Which is a shame, because I was rather enjoying  it; there were some startlingly thought provoking, well written passages  here and there and plenty of excitement (until it got too predictable) but  not enough to make it a great book.
0451160916|5.0|This book was awesome! I reaad the book and couldnt put it down!  After reading the book, i saw the stanley kubrick movie.  I thought the movie was horrible because so much was left out, like the hedge animals, the wasps  nest, george hatfield, and more.  however, i disagree with those that say  that the beginning was slow, because to me it was awesome!  it foreshadowed  on the spectacular ending.  All of the characters are well developed, from  Hallorann, to jack, to the women that wanted to get in a porter's pants  (dont ask, just read).  The book was riveting, and exciting, but i  recommend you do not read the chapter names before reading the book.  It is  an extraordinary, suspenseful, fast read, like deperation.
038532653X|5.0|In my quest to get adults to read more children's literature, I put this into their hands and tell them \\"it's just as good as Harry Potter, but different\\". It seems to work - they almost all come back and tell me how  wonderful it was.<br />This is another corker from what was a very good year  for supposed kids' books; they started to get the recognition they  deserved, and there was some great writing in the genre, including this.  (Another was \\"Holes\\" by Louis Sachar, and \\"The Prisoner of Azkaban\\" of  course.) <br />\\"Skellig\\" is very dark, and very original; I've never read  anything quite like it. Unusually for a junior novel, the plot is very thin  but immensely satisfying. The prose is beautifully spare and dream like.  Attention to detail makes this book strong - the descriptions of the garage  where Skellig is found, the brown ale and cold, congealed Chinese  take-away, and  the characters of the three main characters who are  believable and interesting, despite this being a fantasy novel. <br />This is  a stunning book, and essential reading for anyone who has anything to do  with children's books.
B00004TH83|5.0|I JUST BOUGHT THIS CD AND REALLY ONLY BOUGHT IT FOR THE SONG &quot;I WILL LOVE AGAIN&quot;.  MUCH TO MY SURPRISE THAT IS NOT THE ONLY SONG I FELL IN LOVE WITH.  SHE IS SUCH A GREAT TALENT AND WHAT A VOICE ON HER!  THIS WHOLE  ABLUM IS GREAT AND WORTH EVERY PENNY THAT YOU WILL PAY.  AS FAR AS  COMPARING HER WITH CELINE AND BARBARA WELL YES SHE DOES HAVE THE SAME GREAT  VOICE BUT ONE THAT IS DIFFERENT I THINK AND WILL BE AROUND FOR A LONG TIME.   I LOOK FORWARD TO HEARING MORE FROM HER THAT IS FOR SURE
0792837614|5.0|I loved every part of this movie and I am only 14 years old.  All of my friends think I am crazy for liking it but I do.  The best parts are the brilliant songs I love all of them and the ending because I have seen it 5  times and I cried at every one.  Let me just say that all the actors  especally Richard Beymer, George Chirikas, Rita Merano, and Natalie Wood do  an excellent job and this will be my favorite movie for all time.
B00004TH83|5.0|I JUST BOUGHT THIS CD AND REALLY ONLY BOUGHT IT FOR THE SONG &quot;I WILL LOVE AGAIN&quot;.  MUCH TO MY SURPRISE THAT IS NOT THE ONLY SONG I FELL IN LOVE WITH.  SHE IS SUCH A GREAT TALENT AND WHAT A VOICE ON HER!  THIS WHOLE  ABLUM IS GREAT AND WORTH EVERY PENNY THAT YOU WILL PAY.  AS FAR AS  COMPARING HER WITH CELINE AND BARBARA WELL YES SHE DOES HAVE THE SAME GREAT  VOICE BUT ONE THAT IS DIFFERENT I THINK AND WILL BE AROUND FOR A LONG TIME.   I LOOK FORWARD TO HEARING MORE FROM HER THAT IS FOR SURE
B00003CX7L|5.0|Toy Story 2 deserves five stars : 1 for the crisp  clear animation,2 for  the sound,3. for the actors and actresses who did the voices,4 for the best  animation studio  other than Disney Pixar,5 for Pixars little shorts I.E.  Jerry's game from the movie bugs life. and last the little desk lamp<br />If  and when it comes out on 10/17/00 i will be owning it on DVD.
B000000XCF|5.0|This one is simply a classic in the true sense of the word.  Even over 30 years after its release, it still sounds absolutely fresh and stands as one of the greatest rock albums ever.<br />There is not a bad song, or even  anything approaching a mediocre song, on the entire album.  Really.  Every  song is just fantastic.<br />By now, you have heard some of these songs -- at  least the hits.  To me, though, the non-hits are the best songs on this  album.  &quot;Cotton Fields,&quot; &quot;It Came From The Sky,&quot;  &quot;Midnight Special,&quot; &quot;Don't Look Now.&quot;  These are all  some of my very favorite CCR songs.<br />It is amazing that CCR put out no  less than three flawless, essential albums (Bayou Country, Willy &amp; the  PB, and Green River) in the space of a little over a year!   How many bands  nowadays can even put out a SINGLE full album of great songs once every  THREE years?  I tell you, there was something about the talent and prolific  drive of these '60s groups that just defies belief.  I think it will still  be a long time before we see the likes of it again.
0679720200|5.0|I read the Stranger (actually i read the translation entitled The Outsider, but it's the same thing) in my grade 11 world literature class. The book revolves around the main character named Meursault. The novel,  deep rooted in its existentialist theme, is one of the most mentally  stimulating books you will ever read.   Albert Camus suggests that the  pinnacle of hypocrisy in society is its quickness to judge people upon  appearances or behavior, versus its apparent incapacity to judge people  upon fact.  I will refrain from making any conjectures about the novel, its  theme and message, because that is something you must do for yourself.   After reading the novel, dont rush to the internet to read essays and  reviews about the novel.  Instead spend some time contemplating the book  yourself.  Then open yourself to the opinions of others.  It is one of  those books that you will never forget, and will change the way you see  things, at least temporarly.
B000002MK8|5.0|I take off my hat with this CD, excellent
B00004SCX6|5.0|I rated this cd 5 stars because It's a great cd that is enjoyable to children &amp; young adults.It's content can suite anyone from a 4th grader with a crush to a college student in love.If you think about your own  personality in the songs each person would have a totally different outlook  &amp; new idea.
B000002MK8|5.0|I take off my hat with this CD, excellent
B00000I01A|5.0|Being a fan of the Rocky film and of the training scenes in the Rocky films.<br />I thought the sound track was very insperational for any one who is training in a gym or is a bit depressed and needs a lift up too get them  up and ready. <br />You dont ever have too watch the film too feel the quality  of the sound track.<br />My advice buy it play Hearts on Fire song when your  doing a hard run at the gym and it will push you further than u ever been  pushed before.
B000002H6C|5.0|This album is one of metallica's best it came right in the middle of there best years of material (1986-1991).Master Of Puppets was a total mind blow but this album continues where Master started.Without Cliff Burton the band  still pulls of a great album.THe album has great singles like Harvester Of  Sorrow and One and it has great epics like the masterpiece title track and  Eye Of The Beholder.Other hilights include The Shortest Straw and  Blackened.
6302491940|5.0|Loved this one. I first saw it as a kid, and have made it a point to make sure I see it whenever it's on. Finally, I broke down and bought it. It is a great action movie, with Michael Caine plotting to steal some gold in  Italy, and get it out of the country. The scheme, the preparations, and  finally the heist itself are as entertaining as they are creative. I don't  want to give anything away, but it definitely has the best Cooper Mini  driving EVER in a movie.
B00003CWN2|5.0|So well done it did not even seem as if there were actors playing roles.  I was mesmerized by the authenticity of the setting, dialogue and harshness of the characters.  <br />A deeply moving film experience.  Not altogether a  pleasant one, but that's a testimony to the quality of the performances.   As others have said, this is a story about confusion and yearning for love  and acceptance.  It has little to do with lesbianism and sex.  Boys Don't  cry is a powerful and disturbing film, one of the best of 1999.
B00000064E|5.0|Before reading an article on Nick Drake in Entertainment Weekly I'd never heard of him or his music.  The article praised his brilliant musical talent and I was intrigued enough by the album synopses to by a CD.  When I  first listened to 'Five Leaves Left' I wasn't swept away.  But something  about it made me immediately listen to it a second time.  Upon listening to  it again I disovered depths to it that I didn't catch the first time.  And  each subsequent listening has revealed more and more depth.  'Man in a  Shed' is one of the most buoyant love songs I've ever heard.  The lively  guitar picking is remarkable.  'Saturday Sun' perfectly captures the mood  of waking up slowly on Saturday morning.<br />Sure, there are other artists  who have silken voices and beautiful guitar playing but Nick Drake has  something more.  Maybe it's the melancholy, maybe it's the brief moments of  optimism, but something about his music pulls you in and makes it hard for  you to want to leave.  It's a shame that his music wasn't really  appreciated in his time but sometimes it takes a distance of years for a  genius to really receive his due.
B000002NHN|1.0|I'd hate to upset a lot of people here, but I honestly feel that this is Loreena's weakest work to date. Being a longtime fan of hers and being exposed to her earlier albums first, &quot;The Book of Secrets&quot;  doesn't quite measure to her previous outings. I am under the impression  that most of the positive reviews here are those of newbies who have never  heard her other works, that this is their first(and sometimes only)  exposure to McKennitt- thanks in major part to all the marketing publicity  this album has garnered, especially through the short-lived UPN series  &quot;Legacy&quot; of which the only decent track on the CD(The Mummer's  Dance) was used. Moving away from her unique style of Celtic music, this  sellout exploit of hers is more in the vein of the watered down, schlocky,  newage, world dreck one often hears today, catered to a lesser caring,  mainstream audience of artistic creativity, in order to profit money more  than anything else. The fact that the combined total no. of Amazon reviews  from her other CDs not even matching up to that of &quot;The Book of  Secrets&quot; is living proof of that. Anyone here who really cares for  McKennitt's music, I would highly recommend that you go and check out her  older and much superior works, especially Parallel Dreams, The Visit, and  The Mask and Mirror(not necessarily in that order). And, for all you Enya  fans out there who have said &quot;What's all the fuss about Loreena  McKennitt? People say she's better than Enya, but upon hearing TBOS I don't  really share that feeling.&quot; I would've said the same thing were I only  able to compare this album to any of Enya's stuff.
B00000064G|5.0|Trying to describe Nick Drake's music is like trying to describe the taste of chocolate to someone who's never eaten it before.  In the end, you just have to try it for yourself.<br />In the film 'The Piano', Holly Hunter's  character Ada plays the piano to express her emotions - curiosity,  yearning, jubilation.  Another character describes Ada's playing as 'a mood  that passes through you'.  The same could be said of 'Pink Moon'.<br />Stark?   Yes.  Haunting?  Yes.  One of the most completely satisfying collections of  music you'll ever hear?  Absolutely.  I love music.  And I love books and  movies.  The one quality, in my mind, that separates a good movie or book  or piece of music from the rest and makes it truly excellent is it's  ability to create it's own world and draw you into it.  It can transport  you and make you forget your surroundings.  'Pink Moon' certain has that  quality.  If any music make you feel like you're sitting outside, or  ambling along, enjoying a moonlit night, this is it.
B000002MG1|5.0|The above says it all really. (In case you were wondering, in my opinion it was just beaten at the post by U2's &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot;)
B00004SCX6|5.0|first of all the album is the bomb and secondly to the person who said they have a bonus track cause they dont live in the u.s funny thing you say huh nice title you made up but your a loser for trying to soud  special.heres my review of each song1.oops i did it again-great first  single good song kind of reminds me baby one more time2.stronger-my 2nd  favorite but the lyrics dont aply to britney cause she is sayig her  lonliness aint killing her but she's still single3.dont go knockin on my  door-waste of time4.satisfaction-great cover of the rollingstones much  better5.dont let me be the last to know-great ballad gets tiring though  definitly has shania written all over it6.what u see is what u get-my tie  for 2nd its an awesome song saying except me for who i am nothing more  nothing less7.lucky-my #1 great song8.one kiss from you-mellow good beat  nice sog9.where are you now-by far her best ballad to date great sog tied  in 3rd10.crush on you-good song reminds me of christina though but thats  okay11.when your eyes say it-#3 favorite awesome song diane warren laced  this one for britt12.dear diary-lame song sounds old fashioned and too  short
B00004T9UF|3.0|I do enjoy this CD to a certain extent. The Real Slim Shady is a really good song, PSA 2000 is freally funny and I enjoyed Paul (skit). But when it comes to songs like Kim and Stan I don't even know what to say, those songs  are just sad, I don't appreciate the song Kim at all, it is disgusting,  stuff like that really happens and Kim sounded pretty close to the real  thing. I would recomend this CD to certain extent.
0812548094|4.0|First off, I'd like to say I'm tired of practically every reviews comparing Terry Goodkind's work to Robert Jordan's.  Granted I've only read the 1st book in the WOT series, but even I can see major differences.   Goodkind's books read much faster and keep me interested longer.  I was  able to grab hold of and enjoy learning about the characters in Goodkind's  books and was eager to turn the pages to find out what happened next.  I  have no trouble look past the sado-eroticism and the sometimes extremely  gruesome parts to get right down to the heart of the story.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is without a doubt one of the most memorable movies I have seen.  I passed it up in the theaters simply because I thought it would be another Brad Pitt flop; however Edward Norton captured my full attention in the  over-packed DVD.  For the first time I can say that I wish I had seen it  earlier (in the theaters.)  This movie is a must for DVD collectors and  fans alike!
B00004SX0T|5.0|Limp Bizkit has taken the music industry by storm with his tell-tale lyrical beats. He does it again with this awesome album. It has those we all have known and some we can grow to love. This import comes with songs  you can't get elsewhere. If you listen, you know you'll love it.
